Place is dirty and not at all what it's web site promotes! Literally take out counter service! Our family could not sit together due to a broken chair and scattered seating! Most people that came in left mad due to the wait of getting their food! Not worth the trip! If I was Bobby Flay I would be mortified! Oh and as we were eatinh a homeless guy came to my husband begging for his food! Then sat with a family begging for food! The manager knew him by name , I'm guessing he was a regular!!I didn't get a burger here.
I KNOW, who goes to a burger palace and doesn't get a burger? Well, I was getting dinner later. (Please see my Don Memo review.)
I ordered fries, because my friend who was with me said they were SUPER amazing or something. They were decent fries and the fry sauce was interesting, but I wasn't as blown away by them as I thought I would've been. Should've gotten onion rings, I always looooove onion rings.
I don't know what burger my friend got, but he polished it off pretty quickly. I like that you can get chips in your burgers because I love having some crunch in my sandwiches. I will definitely have to try one the next time I stop by.
I will also try a shake, because I hear those are good also.
Is it true that the people who work the tables are called NINJAS? If so, that's pretty awesome.
Mmm, so since I didn't get to experience what makes BBP really special, I can't give it more than just a satisfactory review. Nothing made me upset, but nothing made me extraordinarily happy about my fries and the establishment. The decor is pretty fun, though, so it's a nice place to just chill with friends over burgers and shakes.
Will definitely make a note to visit again. I hope I will be able to upgrade this review after I do!Great variety of sauces and toppings to make a delicious burger; fun and comfortable restaurant atmosphere as well. Love this placeCharles the manager was very friendly and accommodating. Extremely courteous. 
The burger was hot and tasty and fresh French fries.I am on a constant quest to find the ultimate burger.  I am talking about perfect meat, perfect bun, perfect toppings.  Sadly, my quest is not ending at Bobby's.  However, this is a pretty solid burger joint.
When entering BBP, the interior is pretty cool.  It has a giant bar that loops around in front of the kitchen, and then a bunch of high tables along the perimeter.  When we visited, there was no wait to order our food (despite it being one of the first Saturdays that school was in session).  When we sat down, our burgers came out pretty quickly.  Service, from my experience, is pretty good here.
The burger itself was good but not earthshattering.  I think people mostly come here for the funky toppings (like the crunchified burger with potato chips) and spiked milkshakes.  The meat and bun was just average.  I got the Dallas burger, which had monterey jack cheese, BBQ sauce, pickles, and coleslaw.  To be honest, it was a little bit too much and I had a tummy ache later in the day :/  Not your fault, BBP, I should have known by the description that it was going to be alot going on under the bun.
I would definitely come back and maybe just try the crunchified burger and get one of those spiked milkshakes.I have no problem with the flavor of the food here.  It tastes great each time I come. 
Two things keep this from being a 5 star review for me though.  The rotating Burger of the Month keeps things interesting, but (unless I'm overlooking something or out of the loop) you can't build your own. I am used to more choices and being able to customize. The burger selections seem pretty nice, but there's only one that's anything like what I would order if I got to choose the toppings.  
Since the one I always order is damn delicious, I might still rate five stars except for my other issue.  Whenever I order to carry out, the service staff can never coordinate and get the food to me when it's done.  It sits in the window for a while with everyone peeking at it from time to time, then when I ask how much longer, I find out it's the same bag I've been staring at for 10 minutes. 
I don't understand why they don't call out the order when it's ready (if ordered in store) or why the order isn't brought up when it's paid for (if ordered over the phone). This has happened to me every time I've decided to do carry out, regardless of how busy the dining room appears to be & I've seen others experience the unnecessary wait as well. It's not that hard to ask the people who are not dining in what the name of their order is, just to check. Everywhere else seems to be able to do it.Overrated. Seriously Bobby Flay owns this place? Could have fooled me with their pre-made, frozen onion rings and mediocre burgers. Granted, I did not try their onion rings but I sat directly in front of their open kitchen and witnessed the cooks opening boxes labeled "onion rings." 
Hmmm...really Bobby? Am I asking for much? Given your reputation, I would've thought your restaurants made everything fresh to order even if it was a casual burger joint. 
Burgers were not memorable. A good burger doesn't need to be complemented by a million sauces, but all I remember was pouring loads of their assorted sauces to compensate for the lack of taste. Sweet potato fries were decent but again, not memorable. 
I do remember liking the decor of the restaurant-very vibrant and hip.
Still, I'd rather eat at Five Guys and still have money left over for dessert.Hype? Maybe. I ordered a Classic with American medium well. In retrospect - I should have tried it medium. The burger was on the dry side and although it was tasty and properly cooked, it lacked texture. 
I blame the patty itself. After the fancy decor, long line and multiple assurances that this would be the best burger I would ever have, I didn't expect a pre-shaped patty. 
I enjoy the ritual of the condiments almost as much as the burger itself.
I really like a hamburger topped with lettuce, tomato and onion w/ my own at the table mix of mayo and yellow mustard. There was a good sized slice of tomato and onion. The lettuce was puny, resembling endive. I did ask for more lettuce and got an identical piece to supplement it. The condiments were good - just not enough lettuce.
My daughter had grilled cheese  - which was served charred pretty near black. The charred side served face down. She ate it without complaint and enjoyed it. She's 5. 
Fries were good. They were served warm, not hot. Not enough big fries, lots of the dregs of the fryer fries. Luck of the draw, some people like that. I ate them all. Like that dipping sauce. 
Over all I don't think this burger met my expectations. I find the best place to get a burger is at your favorite tried and tested local pub or diner.I really tend to be anti-Bobby Flay because I dislike his TV persona, but I love the burgers here.
I have tried two different styles, the Santa Fe and the Dallas, both very very good.  Both times the burgers were cooked to a perfect medium (which is hard to find these days).  Between the two I would recommend the Santa Fe over the Dallas, but I don't think you could go wrong here.  Both the sweet potato, and regular fries are quite good.  The prices for the food are reasonable, but not cheap (although the beer is an OK deal).
Bottom line, if you are in University City and hungry for a burger, you should definitely go here.Nom Nom Nom! Today I ventured down a few blocks to Bobby's Burger Palace. I am SO glad I did! I got the Napa Burger (a delightful blend of amazing beef, watercress, goat cheese, and lemon honey mustard dressing). The bun was delicious and fluffy and the burger had an amazing array of flavors. Add goat cheese to anything and it instantly becomes delicious.
I also got their sweet potato fries and side honey mustard horseradish dressing (eeeks! making this at home asap). They gave me a generous serving and they were absolutely crispy beyond belief, but then deliciously fluffy on the inside.
I had to give BBP 4 stars because, as a to-go customer, there isn't a great place to wait for your order. However I will definitely be going back and hopefully can convince myself to stray from this amazing burger and try his other creations. Yummy!If you're looking for a quick, filling bite when in West Philly, this is one of the best places for you - especially for a University student. This place is located in-between a 'green food' restaurant and a Chipotle... And while the green food sounds interesting (I'll be trying it the next time I'm in Philly), I encourage anyone stuck between the Chipotle and Burgers to walk the road less traveled. Its burgers are not the type displayed in Burger King or White Castle, and actually taste genuine - white bread, a square of juicy meat, and any of a list of toppings. Even better yet, you're given the option between beef, turkey, and (I believe) pork, and moreover the rarity of the meat. 
The restaurant also has an smooth ambience, similar to that of a jazzy cafe... But the music was very quiet, unnoticeable even. The people inside were spread around nicely through the seats, leaving room for newcomers. The lighting within was dimmed but smooth, and the room was bright with the sunlight streaming in from the glass entrance.
There would be two flaws from making this my own food 'palace'. One is the price. Each burger is almost $9, and that does not include a side or a drink. Water and soft drinks are both $2, a little on the pricey side. Then again, it may be a great price for others, especially in the city. The other fault I find with the restaurant is with the meat. The first bites of my beef burger were wonderful... But the grease and oil on the meat, dripping a puddle onto the plate were not quite appealing.Had burgers there last Saturday night with my hubby.
It was excellent. Highly recommend the place. Nice service too!I won't lie, it's a decent quality burger. The meat is juicy, the bread is fluffy, and the vegetables are fresh. However, it's way overpriced and about the size of a big-mac. Frankly, it's not too creative either. Pretty basic sauces/dressings on a well made burger. Furthermore, you'll spend well over 15 dollars if you want to get a milkshake, fries along with your burger. The most egregious part of the the menu is definitely the onion rings though. You'll pay approximately a dollar per onion ring. Seriously. 
TLDR: Walk 5 minutes to Copabanana, get a much better burger with sides that don't cost an arm and a leg.I ordered Avocado Relish.... It wasn't as good as i expected, maybe b/c I didn't eat fresh, I took it home. And the burger size was pretty small comparing to the price.Been awhile since returned, due for one. My dining partner was not only a Bobby Flay-virgin, they had no idea who he was, or anything else.got there about 6:30pm, found parking right away, there was a line, I ended up with Bobby Bleu burger, omitted bleu cheese for American. I wanted my Burger med well, looked med. rare, but I wasn't disappointed, since it was juicy I had a shake with sweet pot. fries to accompany them. My dining partner likes theirs, found it to be good choice. All in all, my experience here left me we great impression, our waiter had GREAT personality & attitude, definitely a plus working there. Most of the employees were . Guess they make sure all of them have good sense of pride, personable & positive -that work there!! I was impressed.Nice atmosphere and decor.  Staff is, in general, friendly - with the occasional flippant attitude (but then again, this isn't Bouley).
I go all out turkey, and so I'm always on the hunt for a good turkey burger.  This place has that, but it's just that - good, not great, awesome, or fantastic.   It's a bit pricey given the portion size (or maybe I just eat a lot?), but I guess Flay's name demands a premium.   
Be warn, turkey lovers, this place takes ~10-15 minutes to cook your burgers, so don't expect this to be a quickie stop.
Also, try the sweet potato fries!  They're good!Good but not great. Ordered the Chicago burger. Five Guys is waay better!After a looooooooong afternoon of house hunting, T and I wanted nothing more than to stuff our faces. Quickly. We got to BBP at just the right time, no line. By the time we placed our order (with the very nice cashier) and took a seat at the counter, the line was almost out the door. 
It took about 5-10 minutes for our burgers to arrive which sucked since we were so hungry but on an ordinary day, this would have been no matter. I ordered the dark chocolate milkshake which was the first item to arrive, soon followed by my order of French fries. This combination of foods is right up there with chocolate and peanut butter. The shake was think and rich, the fries were salty and crunchy and served with a tangy dipping sauce. Yum. Then my Crunchburger arrived. Solo. Apparently our waitress had given T's order away to another patron. If he was writing this review I have a feeling it would be two-three stars. :) However, my burger was cooked to perfection. The potato chips were salty and crunchy, the burger was cheesy and juicy. Delish. It really hit the spot. 
When T's burger finally did arrive he said it was just okay. He had the Santa Fe Burger with queso, jalapenos and blue corn chips. We didn't see any evidence of blue corn chips. I think he was disappointed with his order. He had a bite of my mine and proclaimed it much better. He also had the onion rings which I didn't think were as good as the fries but that's just my personal opinion.
Me? I thought Bobby's was awesome. T? I don't think he's raring to go back. :)The burgers and fries here are good, as are the spiked milkshakes but unfortunately the portions are a little on the small side, especially with respect to what you're paying. I understand that a restaurant has to turn a profit and that quality costs money, but I was on the verge of walking out of here hungry. A slightly bigger portion, even on something cheaper like the fries would have netted another star.
Also a slight hiccup in service. Friend and I ordered together, both medium burgers. Mine came out in awesome time. His, not so much. Took probably ten minutes after mine had arrived for him to get his. Again, one star there.
Overall not a bad experience. Not thrilling, but not bad.Rude Service. Bad Service. Bobby's Burger Palace has gone down in service. Don't go to the one in University City / West Philly. 
I have been going to Bobby's Burger Palace since the time they have opened and I used to love it there not just for the burgers but really the service was absolutely great!! I even had my birthday there! 
But much of the staff and management has changed however and what was once great service and a smile on your face. Is anything but that. 
Starting today I will no longer go there again. Not only have the burgers gone down in quality but more importantly the service has suffered and it is really bad service in West Philadelphia. We were treated so rudely on our most recent visit.
I was at the register ready to pay for my burger and my friend had sat down ahead of me. She was told she could not sit down because she did not pay for her burger. She pointed to me to show the waitstaff that I was at the register ready to pay for our burgers. The waitstaff told her that she could not sit there. Then a second waitstaff person came by and told her to leave. 
Not a please. Not a "I'm sorry". No consideration for me being at the register ready to pay for my burger. Not even a "I'm sorry this is our policy" but you can not sit down before you purchase your food even if you are seconds away from paying your meal. Nothing like that. 
Or even letting it slide this one time. In literally minutes I would have sat down beside her and it would have been a non-issue. Seriously, if I wanted rude fast food service. I'd go to McDonalds just down the corner on 40th. 
I have been going to Bobby's Burger Palace and work and live in University City and like I have said I have been a great supporter for this restaurant but the wait staff change over and the service even before this incident has really gown down. Wrong food being delivered, long waiting times, and apathetic service have permeated my recent visits but I have never, ever experienced this- such flat out rudeness. 
I called the manager today in the hopes of making an attempt to bring these concerns to the table and when I talked to the manager on the phone there was not even a "I'm sorry that happened to you last night". It was simply "that's our policy" and she began to interrupt me and cut me off becoming defensive and rude. I only calmed her down after I explained to her that she was being rude.
I have worked in the service industry and food industry for years and I was always take with me the Nordstrom philosophy to treat the customer with respect and to be professional and courteous. And to acknowledge the issue at hand and to resolve it with good customer service.
The West Philadelphia Bobby's Burger Palace is really a disappointment in quality of service. Not just bad service but flat out rude. I would never come back there again. I am not one to go off the handle and just flat out diss a restaurant but this is my honest assessment of what I and my friend experienced. 
Because of lack of professionalism and rude service, I do not recommend going to the University City Bobby's Burger Palace. I hope it changes but clearly if the manager was rude to me it is an indicator of the culture of the staff and management- rudeness permeates. 
So if you eat a burger be prepared for East Coast, Philadelphia, West Philly rudeness because that's surely what you'll get if you sit down minutes before paying for your burger in a partially empty restaurant.Bobby's Burger Palace has an amazing staff. They are courteous, helpful and always willing to modify your order to your exact specifications. It also has a wide array of delicious sauces, I recommend the chipotle ketchup (has a bit of a kick) and the burger sauce (sort of like bbq sauce but better). They make really good medium burgers, nice and juicy. BUT their burgers have no flavor! It's crazy considering it costs at least 7 bucks but it's so boring. The bun is very chewy too. The milkshakes are really good, I personally love the coffee. It's very smooth and easy to drink thru a straw.A little pricey but the service was great and the food was good. I got the burger of the month (Greektown) with fries and my friend got the classic burger with a shake. The shake was great. I would definitely come backMaybe, just maybe a New Mexico burger should be made with New Mexico green chile. DisappointingService starts with a smile couldn't be more true for Jermaine who took our order, great start to a great lunch. Brunch burger and Dallas burger were perfect but overall it's hard for me to give this place five stars because it's not the best in the city. The vanilla caramel shake was a great break from norm and I will be getting another one on my return trip.Yeah, this place rules. I'm not always in the mood for it... but when I'm in the mood for a good burger, I could almost always go for Bobby's.
Tried almost every burger on their menu (gluttonous, I know) and some rate much higher than others, but they are all pretty darn good.
Not as greasy or heavy feeling as some of the other burger-joint models, and a lot more options if you want a different burger. A consistent burger that doesn't fall apart and from my experience is rarely over or under-cooked... in other words, I think they might actually train their cooks how to cook a burger. The sweet potato fries are awesome, regular fries are good too, and there are a plethora of different sauces to try for dipping/topping.
Also... get it Crunchified. You won't regret it.I'll get my complaints in first: 
My burger which ordered medium rare was actually probably still breathing.  Yuck. 
Other than that the sweet potato fries were tasty.
The best and only redeeming part of this place was the milkshake. The Black & White is what I will hands down recommend to anybody.
I may just come back for the milkshake.I was thoroughly disappointed after attending Bobby's Burger Palace. I am a pretty big Bobby Flay fan, often takes lot of his grilling tips and utilize them and I guess I was expecting to much. 
First off the location all the way on 40th street, so living in Old City, it was a pain in the ass to get out there. When I arrived I was surprised by the lack of burger options available. Knowing this is a Bobby Flay restaurant I was expecting a lot of options, bacon, chipotle sauce etc... Sadly the options were limited. 
I ordered my burger medium well and received a burger that was really undercooked. The burger was also not very large and left me hungry afterwards. I also ordered french fries that were nothing special. The one bright spot was the batch of onion rings I split with a friends that were surprisingly good due to the ridiculous amount of salt on them. 
I have tried many of the burger spots in Philly and was disappointed with Bobby Flay's. Your better off hitting up Good Dog or 500 Degrees. I'd even put a place like Five Guys or FudRuckers above the burgers here. 
Bobby.... I am disappointed...Not the best burger I've ever had but the onion rings are amazing. If you're stuck between fries or rings... Trust me ... Rings. I had the napa burger. Was delicious however a bit under cooked and a mouthful of goat cheese is a win!Dinner was only OK. Went with my GF, we each got a burger and split a shake and fries. That plus sodas was $30. I ate everything, she took half her burger home.
The burgers were good, but only because of all of the toppings, not really because the actual patty was so well made, you know what I mean? It was kinda gimmick-y. 
We got a black and white milkshake, which was really tasty, but kinda small for the $5 ticket price. BUT the fries were great. We both agreed the fries and fry sauce were the best part. 
Next time we want a burger, we are probably going to try somewhere else, Although I kinda want to try the burger salad, where you can put any of the burgers on a bed of greens - seems appealing especially 'cause the buns were nothing to write home about.As much as enjoy devouring slabs of red meat, I have to admit that I'll rarely rave about a burger.  For whatever reason most places just serve 'meh' on a bun and call it good, but BBP is an exception.
The ordering process, as others have mentioned is...awkward, to say the least, but once you've decided and made your way to your seat it gets better.  The decor is pretty slick with a retro feel and the seating is arranged to encourage folks to sit and have a meal with strangers (large tables in smaller numbers).
I ordered the bacon and blue cheese burger, crunchified (mmm potato chips on top of bacon on top of cheese on top of meat) and we split an order of fries with the chipotle ketchup.  I'm drooling a little bit thinking about it now.
The sauces at the table were just alright, there were maybe 1-2 that I would try again but probably just to change things up with the fries.  The burger was very juicy and gooey and everything just came together really well for a calorie-tastic experience.  Definitely going back next time I'm in Philly, or at least adding it to my short list.Alas, where to begin with all of the problems with BBP. I'll start at the beginning. It's 2015 people. An upscale burger joint that doesn't have a vegetarian burger option is an absolute disgrace. Then there's the incompetent service. In a virtually empty restaurant, it took 20 minutes for food to come. And sitting at the endless counter, we saw half our order getting cold on the shelf while the rest of it was being cooked. Sorry, but an Iron Chef's restaurant shouldn't have expediting problems. Frankly the experience wasn't much better than McDonald's (except for the milkshakes - they were great). Won't be going back.I was looking for a place close to the movie theater to eat and ended up choosing the Burger Palace on Bobby's name alone. I fully expected it to be way more expensive than it was when I walked in, so seeing the prices on the wall lower than my expectations was the first good sign.
I'd just started dieting when I was visiting, so I had a little anxiety about whether or not I'd be able to stick to it. They have an option where you can get any burger on a bed of green salad with a light balsamic dressing, which is what I opted for (with the Turkey cheeseburger). This was quite possibly one of the best turkey burgers I've had in a really, really long time. The salad was good and the dressing didn't even appear to really be on there, til you actually take a bite. It was refreshingly light.
The staff was really helpful and I enjoyed the environment as well.
Can't wait to visit again!I am by no means a hamburger expert, or eat them often. But every once in a while I'm in the mood for a hamburger, usually just go with a trusty five guys burgers and fries. But saw that this place was opening up, i decided my boyfriend and I should try it out, we went for dinner one night, there was no problem getting a place to sit. 
I loved the sweet potato fries, i got an LA burger, it was also very good, I really enjoyed it, I love avocados and they went great with the burger, it was cooked well, the bun was good, not too doughy, and I got a chocolate milkshake, which was good, but then again, when can you have a bad chocolate milkshake. I was not able to eat all of that food, I believe it was the milkshake that I had while waiting for our order. 
If I'm in the mood for a burger and dont want to go far I'll stick to five guys, much closer to me, if I'm in the mood for a burger with a little something on top then Bobby's Burger Palace it is, 
I did order take out once from there during lunch time, and it looked like every seat was taken, so I was glad I was getting it to go.Does anyone else think the turkey burgers are going downhill? They used to be juicy & subtly seasoned, and now they taste a bit charred and bland.  Still love the goat cheese and the milkshakes, though.Just got finished eating.
Firstly, I ordered the bobbys blue bacon burger and I got it to go. They had everything individually packaged which was nice. I also got cheese fries.
The burger:
Wow. It had SO MUCH white cheese sauce in the box and on it, my bottom bun was completely soaked and mushy. It also tasted like someone spilled the salt and pepper shaker on my burger. It was a struggle to get through it but I was so hungry I didnt want it to go to waste. 
I felt so gross after the burger I had about 2 bites of fries and through the rest out.
Update: Its been a few hours and I got pretty sick. So stay away from here! 
I will not be back here ever. What a waste of $15I feel bad giving this place 3 stars, but 4 would be over doing it! Ultimately, the food is mediocre for the price they charge, and atmosphere and service is only "A-OK" too. 
FOOD: 3/5
Burgers are in my opinion pretty delicious and interestingly named. I always ask mine to be crunchified (when they add potato chips into your burgers)! It's an interesting texture and taste, and you mind as well add more calories since you're already splurging. I'm a huge fan of the Napa Valley Burger (for the goat cheese) and L.A. Burger (gotta represent my hometown! but actually more for the avocado paste). Price-wise? Wow, my poor poor wallet and health for a burger + fries + milkshake. It's always $15+ for my meal... In-N-Out back home offers this for less than $10 and is equally delicious; Copa on campus offers half off every Wednesday! So make that day for you to eat unhealthy and you'll save too. 
SERVICE: 4/5
Fairly speedy, pretty normal service and friendly staff. Tables are left unclean for a while sometimes so that's a bit of a bother. They offer a BBP card where you get a % discount (not sure how much), but I would stay away from getting it; otherwise, I guarantee you an empty checking account and an 15 lbs gain by the end of the year. 
AMBIANCE: 3/5
Sometimes, the place feels like a dining hall to me. Always crowded and sometimes difficult to find a place to sit down. 
TLDR: Tasty burgers but not worth the price. McDonald's is a couple doors down, and Copa is two blocks away and has half-off burgers every Wednesday before 5pm!Delicious! Their burgers all represent a different geographic location. You must try one of their spiked shakes and their crunch burger that is stuffed with potato chips. Their sweet potato fries are amazing!This place is definitely a place I would visit more often if given the chance.
The burger selections are pretty good, I usually get the one with bleu cheese crumbs w/ bacon. The burger patty is so juicy and it pretty much melts in your mouth.  They also have onion rings and french fries in a mini pail along with their different kinds of sauces to dip it in which are all pretty good imo. It also comes with a pickle.
They have a lot of options most I think are pretty decent. Also their service is relatively quick.i love burgers and milkshakes. as long as you serve them up to me and they taste delicious, you are guaranteed a 4 star review! 
what BBP does right is allowing the counter ordering style, but then they have someone deliver your food to you.  smart, because you dont want to be walking around to get your burger, it would burn wayyyy too many calories. 
the decor is lovely, and my eyes were constantly moving around looking at the cool materials in the space.  my milkshake was delicious, could have been a little bigger but i digress.   the burger was cooked to perfection and i crunchified it (added potato chips) which sounds so simple yet, is sooooooo good.  also got sweet potato fries, which were amazing and i didnt want to share (didnt really care for the sauce tho). they did have various sauces on the table, which someone came over to explain to us what each one tasted like. the little details really make a lasting impression.
will definitely be back as the price was right and the style was perfect for University city. oh yeah and because it was DELICIOUSI will start by saying that I strongly dislike Bobby Flay. He seems like a cocky jerk and ever since he disrespected the Iron Chef by jumping on his table I just can't get behind him on a personal level. That said, I am a fan of his burger palace.
The concept is refreshingly simple but offers plenty of unique options. The sweet potato fries are great and the medley of sauces is lots of fun to sample with fries, burger and fingers alike. The milkshake options looked amazing (add a shot of Kaluah?), though I maintained my willpower and chose to stare at other people's fatty ice blends rather than eat one myself. 
As for the burgers, the L.A. burger (with a turkey patty) is delish and I will have to be go back to systematically try them all. Luckily for my waistline, the closest one is more than 1500 miles away :)Me and my boyfriend went around 8pm on a Friday it was pretty busy but I must say we got our food quick!
I ordered the Palace Classic with Avocado Relish and a side of fries. It was delicious. If you're a fan of avocado like I am, try the relish! It was a simple burger, cheese, lettuce, tomato, and red onion. I like really simple classic burgers and it was perfect. My boyfriend had the Bobby blue (blue cheese,bacon,lettuce,tomato) they put solid blue cheese on the burger and also blue cheese dressing on the side which was interesting. I'm not a fan so I didn't try it but he loved it. overall everything tasted fresh and oh my god i was so full! 
Okay, 1 negative thing. The fries were very salty and not fresh at all. I just wasn't a fan but maybe it was just the day...
Loved the atmosphere, very warm interior colors with captivating images of X-ray veggies on the walls that I couldn't stop staring at lolI was in town for the week in University City, and we made it a point to visit Bobby Flay's restaurant. My friend asked the cashier if Bobby Flay ever comes to visit, and he said that he had actually just come by the previous week.
Bobby's Burger Palace is fast casual - you order and pay for your food at the counter, and bring a number back to your table. I believe that the appeal of this place is the inventive burger combinations on the menu, moreso than the quality of the burger itself. You can also order any burger "crunchified," i.e. with potato chips, but I wasn't tempted to try it.
I had the Dallas burger, medium, and a blueberry-pomegranate milkshake, and shared sweet potato fries and onion rings with friends. The Dallas comes with coleslaw, barbeque sauce, and monterey jack cheese. I thought it was OK, but nothing extraordinary. On the small side, really, and extremely messy to eat (make use of those napkins on the table!). My milkshake, however, was delicious! Best part of my visit here.
Hip and trendy space. Aside from my milkshake, I actually enjoyed the ambiance more than I enjoyed the food. Service was friendly and efficient. If I had to judge based on my Dallas burger, I think we have better burgers in Los Angeles, though.I'm a huge Bobby Flay fan.  Replicating his awesome recipes make me look like a better cook than I really am.  And I think he's more passionate about food than most of his celebrity chefs brethren.
I'm totally on board with the fast casual, lower price point BBB concept but it just didn't grab me the way I thought it would.
Service was fine.  Vanilla milkshake was well above average.  The fries?  I really don't remember them, honestly, which means I guess I didn't hate them.  Now, the burger...
I went "no frills" on my visit - the Palace Classic.  First, as someone who came up on the mean streets of Central PA, I give Chef Flay big ups for using a soft and spongy, sesame-seeded Martin's bun, a far better choice for a burger than any kaiser roll.  Burger itself was moist and tasty.  And, in keeping with my "no frills" approach, I didn't have it crunchified (wait, how do I type the little TM sign thingy) ;) because I really don't see how it adds to the burger experience.
In all honesty, I'd only come back if Chef were making an appearance so he can sign my copy of "Boy Meets Grill".It was good. Nothing special in the works of burgers. The only complaint was it was a little too salty for us.I had found BBP a few months ago and really enjoyed it so I decided to come again and try a different burger. The food is good unfortunately the service isn't just as good, the first time I came there were a lot more people in BBP and I got my food within 15 minutes, so I thought seeing a smaller crowd today it would be the same. I ordered a Dallas burger with no coleslaw and a vanilla milkshake, I waited 35 minutes to get my burger, it wasn't until I stood up at the food counter to see what was taking so long that my order was finally cooked. Other than time wise, I would say a little bigger milkshake would be nice for $5.25 it wouldn't hurt. Which by the time I received my food was just milk.I was really disappointed by my burger today. I got my favorite -- the Buffalo Blue, which has Red Hot sauce and bleu cheese crumbles melted on top. The burger itself was well cooked, but they put literally a CUP of cheese on top of my burger. I couldn't even find the meat under all of the cheese. Once I took 3/4 of the cheese off, it was fine, but my lord. Why!?The buns are exactly the same buns from my high school cafeteria back in the day . 
The patty however are better than the buns but still flavorless and dry . 
Onion ring are breaded heavily, the only good thing i guess is the sweet potato fries and the chipotle ketchup?I love the blueberry shake!!! I always just go in here for the shakes and just the shakes. I think the burgers are okay but the fries are delicious. I haven't tried the potato burger yet but it looks delicious.This place is consistently delicious! I've been there many times and have never had a bad meal!
I do have to say that I'm not a fan of the ordering system, but that's just me. There's usually a line and you'll probably have to snatch the nearest table even if it means getting into a fistfight over it.
You also should be aware that the burgers come out medium rare. While I enjoy my burgers this way, some don't so keep that in mind.
Also, the margueritas are pretty fantastic!This place sucks. I would not come back here again... ever. The fries were terrible... small ass pieces of fries and the sauces were watered down. I ordered a veggie burger which came out burnt, as I was waiting for my remake the manager came up to me and said they made the last veggie burger so I ordered a cheese burger which came out with no lettuce tomato or pickles just meat and cheese and a stale bun. HorrificService was terrible. Wait time was over 40 minutes for two bugers. People were coming back because their orders were wrong. Workers were taking trips to the soda machines for personal refills. By the looks of it it looked like they were over staffed but wait time is unacceptable especially when give an estimate wait time of 20 minutes. Never going to this chain again.Being a big fan of Bobby Flay, we wanted to come and try the food. As mentioned, the burgers are smaller than you would expect. My husband got the Miami burger and said it was pretty plain. I had the Dallas burger, because coleslaw on a burger cannot be passed up. It was fine, but I don't think I could go back and justify the price.
While the burgers were fine, the extras were all pretty fantastic! The onions rings were huge and so crispy and delicious and the quantity was surprising for the price. Same goes for the fries. The sauces were all very good with complicated flavored combining together. The burger sauce was unexpected! And I'm not normally a milk shake girl, but the black and white chocolate and vanilla combo was amazing! You could taste the vanilla bean and the big straw is a nice touch! I'm not sure if $5 is a fair price, though.
And now let's get to the service! We brought our 2 small kids and the waitress took a liking to our little girl and was so sweet and brought us an extra chocolate milk for them to share. Made with real chocolate mixed in the milk! Not just some store bought gallon in the fridge or a small carton. Based on service, I would have given it 5 stars. But the food was just so-so, which was a disappointment. I may go back just for the fries and onion rings sometime.After hearing my friend rave about this place, I knew I had to stop in on my visit. For a college town burger bar, Bobby's Burger Palace is a notch above the typical hole in the wall. The burgers are decent if not overwhelming and the decor is trendy, if a little generic. 
Where this place really shines though is its sauces. The Burger Sauce is tangy and tart, the chipotle ketchup has just the right kick and the jalapeño hot sauce is spicy without being overwhelming. 
Overall, this place is decent, but didn't live up to my expectations considering the hype.I love that their kitchen is set up in a way that let's you watch all the cooks laughing and talking while they're making your food. They are incredibly slow and the workers seem miserable. Their food is good but I almost always end up with a horrible stomachache afterwardsDear Bobby's,
Please consider different buns to compliment individual burgers. 
Signed, Caroline
Stopped by Bobby's with the boyfriend for a bite to eat not too long ago and have been meaning to write a review.. I ordered the napa valley burger w/ ground turkey, very interesting indeed. The flavors worked great together and I really liked the utilization of goat cheese. I just wish there were different buns, Bobby's appears to serve all burgers on the same seeded plain bun. Boring and doughy, I almost went bunless but would have lost all of the yummy lemon honey mustard. We also split an order of sweet potato fries - a must order - and a black and white shake - overpriced and under stimulating. 3/5 stars for Bobby, I've had better but I've for sure had worse.What to say about this place...well, the burger's better than your ordinary run of the mill fast food joint for sure, but not so good as a well put together "restaurant" burger.  So it's a pretty good burger, but nothing to write home about.  
The good thing about Bobby's is that the menu offers quite a bit in terms of variety.  You've got the LA Burger with avocado relish (pretty good by the way, especially if, like me, you love avocado), the Dallas Burger with BBQ sauce, and the Napa Valley Burger with fresh goat cheese.  They're all excellent, and I'll usually order a side of fries or onion rings.  I love the way they do the fries here--nice and crispy...my favorite.  
I do wish that they were a little less heavy on the salt here though.  It's noticeably salty here, unnecessarily so I think.I came in and got a crunch salad, it was drenched in dressing. The combo of Romaine, tomatoes, beans,  olives, click peas, cheese cubes and tortilla chips was a weird combo to me. Maybe I should have gotten a burger but would hope the burger isn't as confusing as this salad.Emailed on 1/13/2017 @ 625pm
Good evening my name is Corenia and I am actually currently in your University City location in Philadelphia. The purpose of my communication is to inquire about your company's expectations regarding customers names. I work in the customer service field so I am very particular about certain things specifically the  respect around both the pronunciation of my name and the spelling. The cashier Bud was very pleasant and exuded great energy but when he asked me my name and I attempted to spell it for him he found it more appropriate to disregard my efforts and spell it the way he thought was best. His exact words were " I'm going to go with a K and they can figure it out". Considering how reputable this restaurant is I would hope that customer treatment is something you take seriously however if it isn't that would be unfortunate. I'm sure "Bud" didn't mean any harm but I found it offensive because people mispronounce and spell my name wrong all the time but never have I had someone dismiss my attempt to correct them. I find that to be both rude and disrespectful. I am not seeking any type of compensation but rather just an acknowledgment of your employees behavior. 
Regards, 
Corenia White 
Company's immediate response on the same day @6:53 pm (I'm assuming he didn't mean to cc me on his email to Mike) 
Hey, Mike. Could you reach out and issue an apology? Let's just get back to her quickly and keep her off Yelp. I don't see a huge need to offer free food in this case, but I'll leave that up to you. 
Thanks!
Andrew Miller
Bobby's Burger Palace
Community Manager 
#FLAYFORALL
Mikes response on 1/14 @ 11:22pm
Hello Corenia,
My name is Mike Joy. I just received your Customer service email to review and I wanted to thank you for taking the time on your busy day to send us your feed back. I would also like to apologize to you for not meeting your expectations during your recent visit to our Philadelphia location. I was disappointed to read the cashier  did not spell or pronounce your name correctly or by his response. We take great pride in our customer service and are embarrassed that we missed the mark with your experience at BBP. 
As hospitality professionals, it is our goal to exceed each and every guests expectation. Obviously we failed in accomplishing our goal with your experience. We do realize that the expectation level of our guest is heightened and when we disappoint any guest, it is taken very serious and immediately addressed. I assure you that I will be sharing your feedback with the management team in Philadelphia, and working with the managers on retraining the staff on customer service.
Corenia, I would like to invite you back at a time of your choice to have a meal on us. You clearly did not get us at our best and that will not be the case again. Please contact me at (215)387-0378, so that we may know when to expect you.
Thank you,
To Andrew and Mike, expect a call from me sooner than later. Thank you for your time.Disappointed is the way I'd sum it up. Got the burger of the Month, Canadian burger (Canadian bacon, white cheddar, maple mustard) ordered medium.  Came out gray and dry.  Redeeming factor, plenty of cheese.  Won't go again, burger alone $9.00.This was my second time coming to bobby's burger palace and i love it the brunch burger is awesome (which is my favorite burger from here) the place is nice and clean and the service is great everyone was very nice and very helpful I definitely will be coming back a lot more often. Oh and there fry sauce is fantastic I'm addicted to it lolAte here twice in a week and both times they completely screwed up. Even though they fixed the issue, they lack attention to detail and they seem confused trying to get the orders out to the tables.Just okay food and service.  I was craving a burger and fries.  I had experienced Bobby's in Cherry Hill; so, it was the first restaurant that crossed my mind.  I don't usually go into the city;however, I thought I'd avoid the Friday night expressway traffic.  Bobby's in the University of Penn area was nearby. I quickly realize that it's better to go a little farther in order to experience great dining.  I tried to make the better of my dining experience; therefore, I sat outside! There were two open tables, great!  I thought.  Bad decision.   The table was dirty.  Random people kept sitting down next to me: to rest, talk on their phones and eat McDonald's.   There were no sauces, salt or pepper shakers, silverware to eat my food with or napkins on the table.  The server didn't check on me. I had to ask for the silverware, condiment basket and napkins. My food order was horrible.  The "undecided" (fries and onion rings) had a burnt taste and look.  The bacon on my Bobby blue burger was over cooked.  There was too much cheese sauce on the burger... it over powered the flavor of a medium burger.  What waste!  Totally ruined my experience and craving.  I would not recommend Bobby's in University City on a Friday night.I am certainly not a burger connoisseur, but I think this was the best burger I've had. I love blue cheese, so Bobby's Blue caught my attention right away. I got it "topless" which means it was served on some greens instead of a bun. It was really good! Like others have commented, it comes out more rare than you'd probably expect. My medium rare was definitely a little too rare for my taste.
Ooh, I also stole some of my friend's fries.. they were good but reallly salty. Had to dust off some salt every time I ate a fry to make it edible!If you're gonna charge me 9 dollars, at least fill me up!
My second time at BBP and I ordered the new mexico, medium rare. When my burger came the bun was already soggy, and the burger itself was warm, but not hot, making me think they forgot it on the line for a little while. 
The burger was flavorful, but so freaking small!! They do offer a pickle on the side, but after having just finished eating, I feel almost as hungry as I was when I came in. Of course some people have smaller appetites, so it would be a shame to give a huge burger and have a lot of wastes meat. So, how about bottomless fries with all burger orders? That should fill the left over space in my stomach and leave all customers 100% satisfied. Sounds like a good idea to me.
Being a student with little money and a big appetite,
I probably won't come here again.Best burgers and best service ever! Charles the Manager was AWESOME!  
Get a shake and "crunchify" your burger for the ultimate experience.I was actually a little disappointed by this place.  Burgers were just "eh", although I did enjoy the adult Vanilla Caramel Bourbon milkshake and the fries.  However, the service was pretty impressive, everyone was extremely friendly and attentive.  Now that I think about it, the service was better than the food.You get a 4th star for having cheap Sierra Nevada, and some pretty good shakes.
The burgers are still not my favorite amongst craft burger joints, but they're up there. I find myself just drinking and eating their comically oversized onion rings while my friends gorge themselves.
Also, consistently great service.Wanted to try something new so i came in for a quick bite tonight- and it was exactly that- quick!
I barely had to wait for my burger of the month the "Cheyenne burger" or my cookies and cream milkshake! Both were to die for! 
If you want a new guilty pleasure, come on by to Bobby's Burger Palace and you will not regret it!! If there was anything better than the food, I'd have to say it was the staff who made my next to nothing wait even more of a better experience! Keep up the good work, I'll be back!I always call this place "Bobby's Burger World".  Seems to fit better.  Anywho, I haven't had a burger, but I am in LOVE with the Napa Chicken and the LA Chicken.  Both are delicious.  And the sweet potato fries with horseradish honey mustard dipping sauce are the best I've had.  Good place for lunch or even casual dinner, but don't go if you're in a hurry.  Even if you call ahead, plan to wait at least 10 minutes for your order.  Worth it, if you ask me :)This place is a very solid "4 stars."  The food is great, and a good variety of flavors throughout their menu, but the buns can sometimes come out a little soggy.  Getting your food can also take a while here.  Even if the line to order isn't that long, it can still take a long time to get your food.  Seems like there are a tremendous amount of servers walking around but not really sending out many orders.  (And we almost always have to request silverware after they bring us our food since the server seems to forget).
Their spiked milkshakes are pricey, but absolutely delicious!  Have tried several of the flavors and never been disappointed.
Overall, we keep coming back here, so they must be doing something right!No Vegan options on the menu, unfortunately. When I asked about why they didn't add a veggie burger, their reply was, "Bobby is the King of Meat. We will never offer a veggie burger." Ummm...ok. For meat eaters, the LA Burger is the best. Their sweet potato fries are the best I've ever had.A bit pricey, burgers are really good but pretty small. Overall it was a good experience.Absolutely great! Friendly staff. Quick service. Everything FRESH. Real French fries. Amazing!N and I always saw long lines when we passed by while getting food from Chipotle. We finally made it and we were not disappointed. N was satisfied with his Philly burger but was not a big fan of fries. I liked the fries though and loved my LA turkey burger (with avocado relish). I was so proud of finally eating burger with N.
N and I came back again and I got the same thing. I think N got classic burger but like the Philly burger better.
Nice ambience, good service, well priced - all in all good place.I recently got a bacon crunchburger, fries, and a drink. My burger wasn't anything extraordinary given the cost...but that's the price you pay for fame. I did enjoy the chipotle ketchup though! It was a nice addition to my burger. My biggest issue was my service at the counter. It was my first time and I had one simple question about the menu and I got a tone and eye roll as if I were a bother. It's not like I was holding up the line or anything so it would have been nice to be greeted with some patience given the price I was paying.Great burgers! One of my favorite spots in the city for lunch while at work. A little pricey but if you don't mind paying a little extra for good food, it's worth it.I have always loved the burgers at this place. The meats are good quality and the variety is good. They also have options for non-red meat and vegetarians. HOWEVER, they always get my order wrong. Whether it's over the phone or in-person, I've only gone to this place once when the order was correct and it was when I was alone. That's right, they mistakes carry more weight because they have been when I'm bring food home for multiple people. Bobby, I love your burgers but I want what I order when I order it. I can't say I won't be back but it's definitely dropped on my list and I would not recommend for that reason. Oh well.You know what?  I was really expecting this place to suck.  Everyone talks about it being "overrated" and the consensus is "the burgers are pretty good but nothing special."  But I think this is the foodie (or wanna be foodie) just trying to act too cool for school.
The burgers are great, for a few reasons.
1) great selection of toppings
2) choice of beef, turkey, or chicken (beef=obvious choice, duh).
3) THEY ALWAYS COOK IT THE WAY YOU ORDER IT!!  I can't say enough about this.  The most important thing to me is that my burger comes out mooing, and here this happens.
I've had the Santa Fe Burger, L.A. Burger, Crunchburger, Mulberry Street Burger.  All of them were solid.
The fries kick ass, too.
Bobby, your love for "dipping sauces" (for anyone that watched America's Next Great Restaurant) may piss me off, but you've made a great burger joint.Went for a quick bite before the movies and enjoyed every bit.  The Dallas burger (spice crust, cheese, slaw, barbecue sauce and pickles) was tasty and cooked just as I requested.  The onion rings were wonderful, and the large $4.50 glass of wine was a bargain.  The service was very attentive, and two of us got out for $32 including tip.Always great food and service. There burgers are top notch and unique. Also try the milkshakes!!I'm a true fan of burgers!  This place is now my favorite spot.  On my first visit here, I ordered the Christmas burger which is only available during  the holidays I would imagine.  It was fantastic!  It tasted fresh, and the meat was grilled to perfection.  I does take a bit of time to order, but good things come to those who wait.So it's been over a year since I have been here and uhm... 
Well where to begin. The first time I had a burger it was amazing! Maybe because it was brand new, the anticipation and perhaps Bobby himself had a lot of say on how to do things. I also took it to go.
This time around I dined in. I guess it was UPenn's orientation or some sort of summer program because as soon as we sat down at the end of the table about 40 kids walked through the door and my initial reaction was oh my goodness... obnoxious teenagers who are loud, talking on their phone about glitter and rainbows to their BFF... will they sit next to me?!?! Please say no! please say no!
They did. Sad face. 
SO the burger. I got Bobby's Blue Burger I think is the correct name for it. Blue cheese and bacon. Well, it was ok I guess. If I have to rip the bacon myself and place it on the burger and fix it up so it's not sloppy... I shouldn't be paying you this much Mr. Flay. The onion rings were delicious! I want to go back and get an order. You only get like 7 but they are huge and paired with the chipotle ketchup- OMG! 
It's not the kind of place I think I'd be a regular.Definitely recommend. I got the New Mexico burger as I was intrigued by the queso sauce and roasted green chiles. It did not disappoint- just the right amount of spicy and the burger was cooked perfectly. My only criticism is that the burger isn't that big, so if you're hungry, don't forget to grab a side of fries (which also happen to be very good). Service was very friendly.I've never been disappointed with Bobby's. I love every burger I've tried and they're always cooked right. My favorite is the Dallas burger. The sweet potato fries with honey mustard horseradish sauce are delicious and the shakes are too. Lots of different sauces to put on your burger as well. Slightly overpriced but I can get over that.The burgers were cooked perfectly and don't forget the sweet potato fries!Great service, great fries, great atmosphere.  Iron chef burgers at student friendly prices is the key to my heart, plus I walked around with a full belly for hours.Though the food is a bit overpriced, I think it's a great place to go if you want a step-up from the typical greasy burger joint. The staff recommends ordering the burgers medium-well, with a little pink inside, and I'd suggest doing just that. The meat is tasty, well-seasoned, and perfectly juicy. The buns, a typical roll topped with sesame seeds, is okay, but the sauces and toppings are divine. 
I'd recommend trying the chipotle sauce and the Napa Valley burger. Goat cheese and watercress are a great twist on the typical burger! You MUST try the pistachio milkshake- thick, flavorful, and perfectly mixed, I definitely crave it at times! The fries are pretty unimpressive- don't waste your time. I wouldn't recommend the cactus pear margarita. Though it sounds good in theory, it's crammed with salt and not well-mixed. 
The staff is attentive and service is fast. The dining room is clean, hip, and cafeteria style. A great place to grab a quick bite when you're craving some fancy junk food!So I went into this being harassed by Bobby Flay's Iron Chef Pedigree, and all the local buzz regarding his new burger joint, so needless to say I was getting ready to be let-down.  I have to say I thoroughly enjoyed the Burger's here!!  The most compelling thing about the Burger's appears to be the high quality meat, as my taste buds could not discern anything else in the meat or preparation that contributed to the taste.  The meal was complimented by a great selection of specialty Ketchups and sauces.  The sweet potatoes fries, were a nice change up to the standard French fry fare.  Comparatively speaking the Burgers are on the pricey side, but well worth it.  Lines are long but go quickly, and seating is the type where you share tables and counters with fellow patrons!Good food, but pricey and easily substitutable.
I've been to Bobby's Burger Palace twice, once when my boyfriend came to visit me at school, and once with a group of friends. Both times I had a great time and felt that I spent my money well, and I'd definitely come here again.
Pros:
Amazing, well-cooked burgers. The menu has some of the more clever and diverse flavor combinations I've had. If you don't mind a few extra calories, get your burger "crunchified" - essentially, this just means they add a giant handful of chips to your burger. According to my boyfriend, "the most delicious burger I've ever had." I'm particularly a fan of Dallas burger and Bobby Blue burger.
The ambience is casual but trendy, and certainly more upscale than most burger joints. There's a "burger bar" where you can sit and treat yourself (and your burger) to several different burger sauces, all of which are delightful.
Convenient location for those in the University City area.
Service is attentive and friendly.
Cons:
Definitely pricey, especially for the portion sizes. I have a moderate appetite so a burger is quite filling for me, but 5 Guys and other burger places serve MUCH larger burgers. While my boyfriend found his burger delicious, it wasn't really filling enough for him.Worth the wait.  Wasn't crazy about the fries (regular or sweet potato) or the onion rings.  However, the burgers are top notch.  Not the biggest but everyone has great quality and flavor.  Somebody is making them with love.  The milk shakes are quite possibly the best I have ever had.  You pay a little more for the decor, location, and quality but it is totally worth it.Crunchified burgers: don't do it! It makes the burger too salty.
The burgers aren't terrible, but given the price, I expected more. You can get better food to go from Jimmy John's, Chipotle, or, heck, even McDonald's a few stores down. I might suggest trying this place once, but that'd be it.Pretty good, but you are definitely paying for the experience on top of the food.  A somewhat confusing seating scheme, and are you supposed to tip for the kind-of table service?  I like the food a lot, but clearly, if burgers are not your thing, there's not much else to choose from.  A healthy campus lunch crowd, but I can't speak for the evening service - something tells me that the spiked milkshakes might be a draw for the college crowd, for better or for worse.Bobbys Burger Palace has turned into my go-to place for burgers. I went this afternoon for a quick dinner and Charles was nice enough to chat with me briefly as I enjoyed my meal. The staff is warm and welcoming which can be hard to find in Philly!Burgers are delicious and savory. Five different sauces to choose from....The margaritas are good and delicious and it will put nice and right.Had the monthly burger special which was a bayou buger. Had tasso ham, remolade sauce, cheese. it was AWESOME! not to mention the fact you can get beer while you are there and the servers who work there are really nice and friendly. All of the sauces on the table make life much better. Who doesnt like a good sauce. Bobby Flay does and his sauces are awesome!Bobby's Burger Palace has been opened at the edge of Penn's campus for about a year. The burgers are well seasoned and made with fresh toppings and a tasty buns.  The onion rings are just about perfect and the fries are above average, but pretty tasty
It's nice that BBP serves alcohol, there are isn't a better pairing for a juicy, savory burger than a cold, crisp, hoppy beer. Milkshakes are also a good match for burgers, and I hear that Bobby's make good ones those I haven't tried them myself
My only criticism is that meals here can get a little pricey. My typical meal would be a $7.50 burgers, $3 onion rings, and $3 beer, which would make this about as expensive as the same meal at Royal Tavern, Local 44, Standard Tap, South Philly Taproom... BPP Is a nice occasional treat but it's not the best burger and definitely not a good value. The decor is cool and at least you know you'll get a quality product.We visited Bobby Flay's Burger Palace this Thursday evening on Walnut Street near the Penn campus. We compared our experience there to our family's reigning burger favorite, Shake Shack. We assessed our experience over five key areas including the quality of: the burger; the fries; the shakes;the onion rings and lastly,  the atmosphere. As we worked through a methodical 1 to5 rating on each item it became clear that Bobby Flay's 24 out of 25 overall rating was a hands-down five star winner!
In addition to great food that included hand cut french fries done to perfection and great quality shakes spun to perfection, the burgers were a cut above in both quality and size.  They really stood out from the competition! 
Frankie, the fabulous manager there also stood out and took time to share the Burger Palace story as well as some enticing details on the other dining options in the ever expanding Flay dining empire. Definitely 5-star service to go along with the great food!  
.Me and my husband went here for the first time a few weeks back. Never knew it existed but I am very glad we found it! The burgers are just delicious. Couldn't ask for a better place, nice set up. Great customer service, great job guys! Will be returning!We love coming here. The burgers are always fresh. The place is super clean and the servers are very friendly and helpful.  Try the sweet potato fries. YumGreat burger for the price! Meat was cooked and flavored right. Betsy casual environment and so was the presentation. Would come back again!Quality - 4 stars (Good)
Price - $$ (Pricy for Burger)  
Taste - High End Burger
Good: Philadelphia Burger
Under the name of American Iron Chief-Bobby Fley, Bobby's burger Palace has it's own standard and quality control.
I came to Bobby more than 20 times. I rarely switch my burger. Each burger on their list has it's own flavor and taste, the Philadelphia Burger just taste right in mouth.
It's pretty hard to consider a burger restaurant as a high end place, but Bobby did it.
There's one time, my girlfriend and I visited the palace. We are both very fancy food tasting. So we ordered our burgers, expecting the taste.
My girlfriend ordered LA Burger in medium well. However, the meat still comes pretty bloody. So we ask for cook more, the waiter was very nicely deal with it.
Then her burger came again. This time the meat get over cooked, dark burns on surface. So we asked for replace again.
The waiter came to our table, nicely hear our explanation of why we want to replace our burger and took it back to kitchen.
I felt I really saw service and quality control there. Even sometimes they can't not make their burger perfect, they are still able to fix it with good attitude.
I think beside the taste of burger. The service and quality control is really the key make Bobby's Burger Palace a high end burger restaurant.I can't even count how many times I've gone here for a turkey burger and sweet potato fries. This place just has me keep coming back because I can not find anything as AMAZING as this. The sauces on the table make the burger better, and the sauce for the sweet potato fries is so good I wish I could buy it (like you can many of the other sauces).
The food comes out very fast and the staff is really niceIf you're looking for a good tasty juicy burger this is definitely the place to go. I haven't had Bobby's burger for a couple of years since my college days and it still didn't disappoint. I ordered a classic with onion rings. Onion rings weren't great but I did enjoy the burger. Will be back again!Just bland. Way overpriced and overrated. There is absolutely nothing special about this place, and I would avoid eating here again.Great spot to grab a burger with friends after a long day,service is fast. I would not get the bobby flay burger though because its pretty salty with the blue cheese and bacon. But the burger was cooked to my liking so it wasn't a complete waste. The Philadelphia burger was amazing according to my friend, and the sweet potato fries hit the spot. The regular fries were extremely salty-when I mean salty, you could literally see the granules of salt on top of the fries. Kinda unsettling. But overall yum.There are two types of people in the world (well, three, if you count vegetarians, but we all know they're not really people): Those who eat steak, and those who eat hamburgers. I am definitely a hamburger type of girl, with the small requirement that it be a restaurant-style burger - it may not be steak, but you should still get to order it like one :)
Bobby's Burger Palace breaks a few rules of the restaurant-style burger, though. While you do get to choose how you want it cooked and the prices are indeed north of $6 (not exceedingly so, with the classic cheeseburger starting at $6.50), fries don't come with. And it's not a restaurant, it's a "palace."
You kind of have to go to understand what I mean when I say it looks like a restaurant, feels like a bar and functions like a fast food joint. You start by ordering and paying at the register, but then after you seat yourself (after all the work is done, right?) someone suddenly shows up who looks like a server and acts like a server but is mostly just there for moral support, because if you try to order a beverage from this person, they will do something like give you an empty cup and direct you to the self-serve soda fountain. But they do bring you your food, based on the number placard you set on your table (and bus your plates away after you're done). The system might sound a little awkward, but it actually runs completely smoothly and efficiently as far as I can tell. It's probably somehow a profitable strategy, but for the unassuming customer it means no hassle of splitting the bill or paying tip.
I've come on two occasions and on the first, I tried the L.A. Burger, which I thought was good but too salty (it's pretty heavily seasoned). The latter sentiment faded away as my taste buds readjusted so I was fully in burger heaven by the last few bites. The "avocado relish" is amazing and aptly named (it's sort of a pleasantly sweet, chunky guacamole), and I liked how instead of lettuce there were some sprigs of watercress. I also went all out on the sauces, which are in plastic squeeze bottles (the unmarked white vans of the condiment world) next to the salt and pepper shakers. I never took a bite without drizzling some chipotle ketchup or jalapeno hot sauce on it first. Because of this, the second time I went, I thought I could get away with getting the cheeseburger since I knew I'd be all about the sauces anyway. Bad idea, because the iceberg lettuce and onion were overpoweringly fresh (when have I ever complained about freshness?). I preferred the softer texture and more complex flavors of the L.A. rendition, which meshed better with the sauces.
As for drinks, I've ordered the frozen pear cactus margarita which is a complete steal at $4.50 because this thing is positively doused in alcohol, but that's about the only reason to feel good about getting it. It's the shade of peptol bismo, and tastes worse - like liquid salt. While "pear cactus" certainly sounds like an appealing flavor, all it did for the drink as far as I'm concerned is shock it into a color not occurring in nature, and make it "spiked." I've also tried the vanilla milkshake, which unfortunately looks better than it tastes and is definitely overpriced at $5. I can see how their milkshakes might bring some boys to the yard, but I was unimpressed. I think they use real ice cream (with visible specks of vanilla!) which is commendable but as the texture is too thin it starts getting runny pretty fast... Such potential but when it comes down to it, a real wet blanket. I've had better milkshakes at Wa-wa and Wendy's! (But then again I really like those.)
As good as the burgers are, the big draw of Bobby's Burger Palace for me has to be the layout, which somehow feels both retro and contemporary, both refined and informal. Because the countertop-style tables are communal, it's more of a public space than most restaurants where you get your own isolated cove; it's kind of like a family-friendly bar or an indoor picnic area. (At peak hours, I'd recommend going with one or two friends max to find seats easily.) The Palace's appeal may be its novelty; it feels trendy and gourmet but not bougie. But it's also the kind of place that you can't go to too often without wearing it out. While I loved it the first time and would recommend it to the uninitiated (omnivores, anyway), I personally feel decreasingly enthusiastic about it with each visit - not because it has changed, but precisely because nothing has.Overpriced but decent. The burgers aren't anything special and are actually quite small.BBP, while making a pretty tasty burger, occupies a limbo state in the stratification of restaurants. 
For example, there are times when you want a leisurely sit-down lunch, complete with waitress service, etc.  -- there is no dearth of options in West Philadelphia for this. Sometimes, you are nearing starvation, your ribs threatening to puncture your stylishly tight dress shirt, and have minutes to eat before your next meeting -- there are innumerable lunch trucks that fit the bill. Bobby's attempts to straddle the two, and, in its attempt at moderation, doesn't offer the comfort of waiter service nor the inexpensive rapidity of a food truck.
The BBP model requires one to wait in a (sometimes tortuous) line, order your food at a the counter, pay, take a number, locate a table (biggest challenge is this stage), and wait for a server to bring the food to you. Eh...
But, centrist service model aside, I must say the burgers here are pretty good. I highly recommend the Philadelphia burger with provolone (comes topped with fried onions and hot peppers, oh yes). And the array of fancy ketchups and hot sauces on the table really do serve to elevate the taste of the burger. Sweet potato fries are OK, but cut a little thin for my taste.
The pricing is a hair high for what it is, though. I paid $12 for the Philadelphia burger and an iced tea, with tip. That is getting dangerously close to making Pod the opportunity cost of coming here!Great burgers and the price was reasonable in my opinion . The only feedback I would give is that the buns they use are a bit soft and tend to fall apart.I really wanted to give this place 4 stars but they have one big problem that just takes away all of their 4 star credit: Terrible service. 
Sometimes the staff is lively and energetic. Other times they act like they can't wait to get done with work and walk around talking to each other instead of paying attention to people sitting around in the restaurant. Some of them only pay attention if you have a girl with you and then they stand around staring like they're on a street corner instead of peepin it on the sly. The sad truth is many of the workers are ghetto youths and not real familiar with manners or professionalism.   
Yes it is a burger joint so I don't expect the sun, moon and the stars when I go here, but quite frankly ALL you people in the service industry need to understand this: It is actually part of your job to pretend to be happy. That's right, you are not there to just bring food from point A to point B- I can do that myself and without a bad attitude. If you hate your life and hate your job, then quit, don't stand at your shift like you're a traffic cone who isn't supposed to move all day.
The food here is great when the "chefs" makes it right. Honestly this used to be one of my favorite burgers in Philadelphia. What I don't understand is why a burger can come to you 3 different ways when you order the same burger and order it medium each time. Sometimes it's stiff, other times it's made perfect, and other times it's so soft you're not even sure that it was cooked at all.
Still, when it is good, I really love the burgers here. Their fries and all their sauces are also great and I love that about them. The shakes are also really good and thick. Seriously, this place has a lot of great potential which is why it's even more upsetting that the clowns who work here are ruining it.
On to less important stuff: The place is clean and usually has a nice crowd, plus it's close to the movie theater (the ghetto one). I would probably eat here anyway regardless of the service because of how much I like the burgers but it's a bit out of my way so I don't go as often as I'd like.
I'll definitely be back here anyway, but I'm really disappointed that I'll have to cross my fingers every time and hope that everything goes well.I always get the Dallas burger when I come here, and it is delicious! Fries and shakes are yums too.However, I think one of the downfalls of this place is the dinkiness of the burger. Not that the burger isn't worth the money, because I think it is. It is a delicious, flavorful, delightful burger. Absolutely mouth watering. It's just that it doesn't seem as substantial as other burgers in Philadelphia. Like, Five guys is a lot more satisfying.
These are dainty, yummy burgers. I would not come here if you are craving a REAL burger.The classic Crunch Burger has potato chips in it, and is always cooked to order; I typically go for medium rare. The LA Burger is also pretty delicious. If you love breakfast foods, the Breakfast Burger has bacon and a fried egg on it, it's pretty epic. Their milkshakes are rich, creamy, and worth the money. Casual sit-down dining. They have a couple different sauces available: burger, jalapeno, chipotle ketchup, and regular ketchup. That jalapeno sauce is something special, I really think it goes better on burgers than the actual burger sauce, which kind of tastes like a sweet A-1.In terms of burgers, I find these to be better than 5 Guys and Shake Shack. The burgers are always cooked the way you want and the french fries and onion rings are tasty. 
Beer and spiked milkshakes are always a good pairing with the burgers. 
Conveniently located for UPenn students and families visiting.Finally, after several attempts to beat a ridiculous line, I tried Bobby's Burger Place!  The wait was not that bad (if you want to be seated right away try coming during the week at off hours) but I would not recommend coming here with more than 3 people at a time because the seating availability is pretty much first come, first serve.  A little annoying, but the burgers are great!  I wanted to have a regular burger before I tried some of the more adventurous ones.  It was surprisingly very good and the milkshakes are great, too!  Fun and affordable, I will definitely come back for more :)Bobby's was a staple to my diet during my college years--for better or worse--and years later I still feel the call every once in a while for a crunchburger. 
You really can't go wrong with the crunchburger.  To mix it up, I always recommend the Napa Valley burger, or if you're there during the right month for the special, the Canadian burger.  The fries are great--I recommend mixing the fry sauce they provide with a little bit of ketchup, as it takes the edge off of the spiceAmazing burgers!! Horrible, slow, and rude service. 
Definitely worth it for the burgers, but maybe do take out. Also the restaurant stays messy and doesn't have anyone walking around cleaning it. Sat here for an hour and watched 5 main tables stay completely covered in plates and left food. Also they let like 8-10 orders just sit in the window for like 15-20 mins getting cold.all image, no content. trying to cash in on the hipster burger joint vibe, but not quite pulling it off.
the food was totally boring but not actually offensive, and would do in a pinch if there weren't so many other, better, places within a block or two.My first experience at Bobby's Burger Palace was definitely one to remember.  Before I knew it I went from the line at the counter to my seat, where my Crunchburger (garnished with American cheese and potato chips) and sweet potato fries were brought to me.  AMAZING!  The staff is friendly and eager to serve and the layout of the place is modern, inviting, and conducive to parties of any size, from 1 to 20!  Nice job, Bobby Flay!  I'll definitely be back!Went here with my friend and fiancé. We all were first timers. Everything was overly salted and overly priced. The burgers were small, and the fries were over cooked. The milkshakes tasted like real strawberries in it. Not bad. Small shakes. Probably won't be back again, but it was fun to try something new. Just disappointingI have a huge crush on Bobby Flay and def would bone him if I could, but BBP was pretty mediocre. Sorry!!!!!!!!!
I found the sauces heavy-handed and the bun unremarkable. The meat was delicious, but too many ingreds?
I had the Dallas Burger. 
But I guess I like LA hamburgers better.... they tend to have more upscale ingredients that are a bit more texturally variable and flavor-ally subtle.
awk!Amazing burgers! They will make a real rare burger. The decor is retro and fun. Sad that they took the Napa Burger off of the regular menu, but they occasionally bring it back as the burger-of-the-month so I guess I will survive.Burgers, fries, and a large soda. The epitome of American comfort food. Bobby Flays really differentiates itself from other burger joints because it presents a favorite classic in creative and unique way. 
I recently discovered the "Topless" burger option and it is an absolute game changer. You can make any of the burgers "topless" by foregoing the buns and adding a bed of mixed greens in balsamic vinaigrette dressing underneath the fully dressed burger. It is akin to the "protein style" option at In n Out and it is my favorite way to consume a burger. 
My favorite side are the bacon cheese fries. The french fries are hand cut and taste magnificent drenched in cheese. 
This particular location always has friendly customer service. I always ask for extra pickle spears which they happily accommodate. Take Out is quite convenient, but dine in typically requires a wait of around 15 minutes. 
My one tiny qualm is that the dining area  is not kept very clean. The tabletops are often sticky and the utensils look like they have only been given a cursory rinse. The price point for this burger joint is definitely on the pricier side ($8+ burgers) so I would expect a commensurate dining space.The thing I like about Bobby's burgers is that they are always served ready-to-go; you never have to worry about adding salt, pepper, ketchup, or anything like that -- just pick it up and eat it, and your mouth explodes with flavor. They have some pretty zesty combinations here -- two of my favorites are the Miami (w ham and swiss cheese) and the Dallas (spices w BBQ sauce), crunchified (with potato chips). The Dallas in particular has a pretty nice kick and reminds me of southern style barbecue, whereas the Miami is milder. The burgers themselves are consistently cooked and pretty juicy, although I've heard people complain that they tend to be on the small side. But why not just order two?I am a burger lover and this was my dream come true. They treat burgers in a serious manner. When the guy brought me my burger he acted like he was bringing me my porterhouse at a high end steak house. He explained the various sauces available to me and bowed a little as he told me to enjoy. 
My wife will tell you that I am the harshest of burger critics. This burger was phenomenal. I may have had a better burger before but I can't remember when (Smith and Wollensky) in manhattan comes to mind). I got the crunch burger which has double American cheese and potato chips on top. I asked for it medium rare and that's exactly what I got. To those around me I may have looked like a famine survivor eating his first meal in months. I tried to slow myself down to savor the experience but I struggled to do so.  
The fries were great too. Perfectly fried, flavorful, fresh...just perfect. Side note: the onion rings looked great and next time I will get those instead of the fries. I loved the condiment  choices at my disposal: regular ketchup, yellow mustard, chipotle ketchup (with a gentlemanly kick), burger sauce (appropriately described as similar to a traditional steak sauce), and a jalapeño sauce. I tried each individually and I blended them several different ways and enjoyed my creations with the fries. I'm way too into it, I know. 
I'm not sure what someone wouldn't like about this place but I love it and ill be back soon.Love this place all the burgers are great!But being from Philly it was hard for me to order the Dallas burger (EAGLES) but after 6 months of being stubborn I finally ordered the Dallas burger medium and half&half fries with a shake it was Awsome. Sigh up for the bobby card and you get a free burger at some point ( I did get one) but I forget  how long it took maybe 10. 
THIS JOINT ROCKS!!!Bobby's is just ok to me. I'll stick to Red Robin for my chicken burgers. I ordered the Dallas Burger:  spicy chicken, coleslaw, pickles, monterey jack cheese, and bbq sauce on a roll.  Mediocre.  Maybe because I got it to go. Perhaps if I had eaten it at the restaurant I'd have enjoyed it more, who knows? 
Equally unimpressive were the fries and the "fry sauce."  I saw no need for the spicy fry sauce because my burger was already spicy. Overall, I'd say Bobby's would be ok in a pinch, but not my first choice for a burger.great burgers and shakes. the burgers are different and aren't your average run of the mill. not pricey at all. much better alternative to wendy's or McDonald's. i hate eating tasteless food thats why im glad i found the palace because it definitely has lots of flavor. and the menu has something for everyone.FAVORITE burger place. You order at the register then sit and wait at the winding "bar" or at a table. Great atmosphere and decor and simply the best burgers. The fries come with the most delicious sauce and the milkshakes are the best I've ever tasted. Highly recommend.Great burgers and shakes here! I had the Bobby Blue + Bacon Burger with a side of fries and the special shake of the month--Strawberry Shortcake. My wife, who is gluten-free, enjoyed her Green Chili Cheeseburger minus the bun. I wish they offered the option of a gluten-free bun, but they don't. My one son went with a plain burger and my other simply had grilled cheese. It wasn't overly crowded when we were here, so no difficulties in getting seats, but it's basically community seating here. Food came out within about 10 minutes, so not bad at all. Definitely will be back next time we are in the area.Bobby's Burger Palace has some really tasty burgers and some nice onion rings.  Make sure to get your burger crunchified for some extra chips and crunch.  The onion rings are decent and the fries (both regular and sweet potato) are flavorful with the right amount of crunch and softness, but are all a little overprices.   Staff is nice and helpful.  Enjoy!I enjoyed my first and only experience here.  It was a long time ago so I forget what I even got but I remember it being on the smaller side and sloppy.
They also serve beer which is always nice.  Big selection and you can customize your burger with anything you want
Worth a visit (If your in University City)Needing lunch in West Philly, and without enough time for a sitdown meal, we popped into Bobby's Burger Palace. I'm a sucker for bacon and blue cheese, so I pretty much had to get the Bobby Blue Burger. Kudos to the cooks for actually turning out my burger properly medium, based on everyone's consensus that the burgers were properly done to order, I might have the confidence to order a medium rare in the future. Also, good job with the onion rings, which edibly survived a cold walk back to a conference room at Penn.My name is Louise and my husband's name is Chuck. We really like your restaurant. When we enter,  we are greeted by a very nice cashier named Sherrell. She is always so pleasant. Normally our visit is uneventful, we enjoy our meal and get on with our day. 
However; we were there on Saturday 1/20/18 and had a little problem with our silverware for our milk shakes. You see my husband is allergic to peanuts and something was dried up on his spoon, which he did not share with me. He just started calling for the manager. The manager told us that it was nutella and sometimes it does not come off in the wash. That teally upset ne because my husband can die from peanuts. I decided that I should check my spoon and I took it out of my milkshake and discovered I had something similar stuck to my spoon. I was a very upset that it happen twice.The manager apologized and gave us clean spoons and a $20.00 gift card.
My husband was not satisfied so he asked for the general manager.  He came out and was so apologetic. He gave us new milkshakes. I think we should have had our bill taken care of. That was very unsanitary. My husband says we will not stop coming to your establishment. I just hope this never happens again. Thanks!Love it love it love it!!! 
The Food and staff here at U-City is amazing!!! 
The Cheyenne Burger is everything!!  
Deff a must visit!Best Burger hands down. Chef Bobby Flay owns this fast food joint who serve the best burgers, fries, onion rings and shakes money can buy. I don't know what it is, but their burgers are always juicy and cooked to perfection. Highly recommended to everyone. Check it out people.Decent place to grab a quick bite. I always go with the chicken sandwich "crunched", meaning they put potatoes chips on it! Sweet potato fries are a must and if I had to pick a milkshake, it would be the dark chocolate shake. I haven't had a burger from here, but always here positives. The service has been good for me each time I've gone. The wait time seemed reasonable, too. Great selection of food and drinks!We were looking forward to this for awhile, so our expectations were quite high coming in.
More like going to Noodles where you order and they deliver to your table, unfortunately, unlike Noodles, the line was like 30 deep to order and they weren't efficient getting people through it.
As for the food, the burgers were okay (nothing approaching a Rouge burger), the vanilla milkshake was fantastic (best in some time), and the sweet potato fries are a necessity.The food is expensive for essentially a fast food burger joint.
For $12 I got the burger of the month, a Carolina burger, and regular fries. The burger was minuscule, but it was tasty and flavorful. I could have had two, maybe three before I was satisfied. The main ding on the burger was the size. 
The fries simply were not good. Some soggy, some too crispy, overall bland. There were a variety of sauces to dip them in, but none stood out.
I would good back for just the burger, if I was craving an expensive snack.The line wasn't that bad so I finally decided to try Bobby's Burger Palace. Pretty solid burgers at a very reasonable price. A little overseasoned for my taste, but I enjoyed the sauce selection on the table. If there was no line I would eat here again but it did not exceed my expectations enough to warrant waiting again.I am the short and sweet type of person.  I am a foodie, so you can trust my review lol!
Burger:  I got the L.A. Burger; 7.50 for this burger is definitely gets your money's worth.  I got it medium, and it came a little on the medium rare side.  I really liked the avocado on the burger.  This burger definitely met my high expectations for Bobby Flay, but it didn't exceed it.  I mean, how great can a burger really get?  He would have had to do something really special to make an AMAZING burger.  However with that being said, it might have been the best 7.50 burger I've ever ate.  Hopefully you guys can understand where I'm coming from.
Fries:  Got both the sweet potato and regular fries.  The sweet potato fries were pretty good, however, the regular fries were soggy and bit too greasy.  Think worse version of 5 guys fries.  
Onion rings:  "Standard" huge onion rings.  Good, but just your average huge onion rings.  Feel me?  
Sauces:  Fry sauce is top notch, the best sauce of the bunch.  The rest of the sauces were okay, but nothing noteworthy.  The horseradish sauce that came with the sweet potato fries was okay/relatively good.
All in all, the experience met my expectations, but didn't exceed it.  If you're looking for a great burger, I'd definitely come here, but if you're looking for the greatest burger you've ever eaten, look elsewhere.Wear a bib.  The cooks here seem to have mastered the art of searing a burger so none of the juices escaped.  Your first bite will unleashed the fury of a thousand Krakens as the imprisoned purple goodness escapes.
Other than that impressive liquid flourish, everything else is above average.  The burgers are tasty, the service is fast, the array of sauce choices is refreshing, and they seem to have their act together.
Everything on the menu seems a bit "mass-produced" - particularly the salads, which seem depressed to be surrounded by a bunch of burgers - but it's Bobby Flay.  His solution to every problem is to grill it.  God help you if you rear end him one day in a crowded parking lot.Bobby's was A-ok. I've actually had better burgers at Elevation Burger. We came on a Thursday and it was moderately crowded. We grabbed seats near the kitchen. The general manager was much more friendly than the cashier and talked with us for a bit. I ordered the LA burger and my boyfriend ordered the blue burger, which we both enjoyed. 2 thumbs up for the avocado relish. I was not a fan of the fries and the special sauces were just ok. The spiked milkshakes were yummy. Overall I would return but not a favorite burger place for me. I guess with the Bobby Flay name I was expecting the wow factor - 3.5/5 for BBPFood was pretty salty. The burger, sweet potatoes fries and the pickle. The shake was ok but not worth $5.00.
I thought the same think the last time I was here about a year ago. Now this will be my last time.Spend the extra $2 and opt to go here instead of McDonald's - it's not nearly as good as Village Whiskey, but you're also paying about 1/5th the price.  
It gets a little overcrowded at times, but they've got a fun menu, and a nice relaxed ambiance to the place.While visiting Philadelphia, I got to try out two burgers here. The Miami burger and the New Mexico burger. I liked the New Mexico better but I recommend both. The ham on the Miami was a big thick piece so I didn't care for it myself but maybe others do. I thought it was going to be thin slices of deli ham. You can get potato chips added to any burger for free. The burgers don't come with fries but can order separately. The milkshakes look really good. Burgers could be a little bigger. Excellent meat on the burgers. They cooked it to the correct doneness. The atmosphere is lovely and the employees are friendly.I've been to Bobby's Burger Palace a couple times over the years.  It has some creative options for burgers including whether to "crunchify" (i.e. add chips) your burger selection.  The burgers are pretty good, although I wish they would include fries with each order as I always forget to order them.  Also good are the milkshakes which can also include alcohol if you are so inclined.I was on my way to the Bobby's Burger Palace in Cherry Hill until I realized it was no longer there. I ventured over to the Bobby's in Philly and just the same as all locations food was great! I especially enjoyed the margarita, very strong and very tasty. I will definitely be back when I'm in the area!Have you ever waited in line for a theme-park ride? You enter Bobby's Burger Palace the same way. To your left is an elephant sized menu of Burgers, Naked Burgers (i.e. meat atop a salad) , drinks and Alcoholic milkshakes.   Judging by the prices you think two things: 
1. The cows were fed grass clippings from Buckingham Palace
2. You were teleported to a fashionable bistro in San Francisco, not the collegiate nightmare that is U City. 
The Inside is very bright, plasticy, and has a McDonald's meets  Ikea feel to it. The communal seating makes this place feel like an old school canteen. If you don't like sharing space, please don't eat here. 
Oh, and the staff are all revenants summoned from their eternal sleep by the chef-necromancer Bobby Flay. They are dead inside, mumbling your order back to you like ghosts to insipid families in their beloved houses.
I had a naked burger because I had my fill of bread at the movies. My burger was salty, the greens were limp from a steamy hot burger plopped on top, and there wasn't enough cheese. My date BF had a bourbon, vanilla caramel shake that almost made up for the unimpressive experience so far. 
Bourbon + Vanilla Ice Cream+ Caramel Sauce = Bliss. 
But you can make this with a visit to the State Store, Aldi (Whole Foods if you're Bougie) and to your own Kitchen's Blender. 
Go if you have the munchies.We went before the movie theater. We were excited to try because it's BObby Flay but the burgers were just ok. For an $8 burger, it was small and underwhelming. The French fries and onion rings were their saving grace. The service was excellent and they came over a few times to see if we needed anything. My friends got the pistachio milk shake and felt it was decent. If they came again they would get it but would not go out of their way to come for a shake. I think for the prices and the underwhelming burgers I wouldn't come back. Shake shack is better and prices are cheaper.Really rude service. I went with my children to get a quick burger. I was about to sit my children when told no saving seats. How does it make sense that my children can sit down and cannot save a seat for me? I waked out due to the demeanor and attitude of how I was welcomed.This is a good place to get a good burger but it's very expensive and they use cheap products like sesame seed buns that look like they came from the dollar store. Also the drinks are expensive but service is Fast, the restaurant is clean and is in a good location.Seriously good burgers. Great "adult" shakes. Service was quick and friendly. Loved my burger "crunchified".  I will be back.Amazing grilled chesse and the burgers look great. The only thing missing is a soy/veggie patty that you cab sub in for any burger.Any place that has onion rings the size of my fist is getting five stars. 
I tried to talk to my boyfriend while eating here, but couldn't. 
Why? Because my face was stuffed with delicious food. 
The service was really friendly and attentive!
I have been to Bobby's twice. 
First time I got the classic. The burger was cooked perfect, and the ingredients fresh. 
Second time I decided to get the texas, but went with chicken breast. Not a mis-step folks! Again delicious. 
Also they have chipotle ketchup. After having this ketchup I feel the new standard should be chipotle ketchup. I don't even understand why anyone would have regular ketchup anymore. 
This is a problem for me, because now when I go to other resturants I just throw the ketchup bottle on the floor. 
I have been thrown out of three places so far.First time here, I won't be back.  
A simple request like no cheese add tomato can't be followed.  
When I sent the burger back they only scraped the cheese off leaving a cheese residue.  
After the third error I gave up and just ate as quickly as possible to end the experience.I love this place. I'm pretty picky with my burgers, and I've loved every single one that I've tried here. The best fries that I've had, ever. Staff is pretty hit or miss as I've had great and bad experiences with them here. All in all, it's a really fun place to eat with it's unique environment and decor. Would recommend anyone to try it, you'll love it!I'm back in LA now, but I'm writing this because I can't stop thinking about this place.  I had the L.A. Burger and it certainly has to be one of the best burgers I've ever had.  I've had LA's allegedly best Kobe burger at Red White + Bluezz, but this is a fierce competitor along with Rouge in Rittenhouse (truffle fries are hard to beat).  I actually was moseying around U Penn and got hungry and when I spotted this place, it was bustling well past lunching hour, clearly for a good reason.  The service was a bit so-so, but their burgers will make anything better.  Trying a burger without a side of their sweet potato fries should be a crime.  Lastly, considering how much they're charging for their shakes, you know they can probably afford to put a pint of Haagen Dazs in there - and they probably do - making for an epic shake.When I have a craving for burgers this is where I usually end up at. I go for the LA burger and get it medium rare. So far they have always cooked the patty perfectly. I do like that the burger is on the smaller size it leaves enough room to enjoy all of my cheese fries. I have tried the sweet potato fries and the onion rings and everything has been crispy! Service has been fine. It's more of a fast food style place: you order at the counter, you get a number and somebody drops the food at your table. Nothing much to complain about. I am weird so I need cutlery when I eat my burger and they always accommodate me without rolling their eyes haha (my friends do ). The burger menu has lots of choices, they have all kinds of fries and spiked shakes! The price is on the higher side but the quality of the meat and other ingredients makes it worth it.The Miami burger is fine, as is the Napa burger. Don't try the "Classic"--too much cheese (American!). Service was very friendly but the place has the feel of a fast-food restaurant. You walk in, stand in line, order your food and then...good luck finding a seat.This is just a burger place. 
The black and white milkshake was good, the fries were only okay, and the burgers were just burgers.  If anything, the popularity of this place is a testament to how many bad hamburgers exist out in the world. I guess we should be grateful that Flay is pointing out that you can eat quick and good.  You don't have to eat quick and crap.  Maybe it'll catch on.
A little pricey, though.
And the kid's burger my son had was like a salt lick.  He couldn't eat it and didn't want to order a replacement.I only have a couple of "beefs" with this place, so to speak.
First of all, I'm a vegetarian.  Most good restaurants I've been to have some sort of veggie burger option apparent on their menu; however, although the Palace gives you the option to "crunchify" any burger you order, there doesn't seem to be any sort of vegetarian patty on the menu.  I'm fine with that, personally; I absolutely love their grilled cheese (the one without bacon).  I've just come to expect better.
Second, their milkshakes are really tiny and cost $5 each.  Now, I haven't actually ordered one due to financial constraints (because $5 is sooo much money am I right), but for their price, I'd expect a little more.
Boyd and I have been a few times, and we've both really enjoyed our food each time.  The fries are excellent, and Boyd seemed to like the dipping sauce (I'm not a fan of cheese on my fries, so I just chose from the numerous other condiment options present at our seat).  They also have the best pickles I've ever eaten - crisp and just the right flavor.
We're probably going again this afternoon.I was in philly yesterday and was searching for somewhere to grab lunch ! Bobbys Burger Palace hands down has the Best burgers ever ! It was amazing, cooked to perfection ! I will definitely go here againIt's pretty good.  I'm not a huge fan of their bun and the fact that my medium cooked classic soaked thru the bun half thru me finishing it.  Nice decor but I will stick with 500 Degrees.  Better than 5 guys but not worth the trek to University City to be honest.Real simple place with a pretty awesome menu. Juicy gourmet cheeseburgers cooked and served at a good pace makes this place a must for the neighboring college student. 
I highly recommend the LA Burger. Avocado relish. That's all you need to know. Their milkshakes are also really good, both regular and spiked. And their side orders aren't bad either. Huge onion rings and delicious sweet potato fries just to name some. 
And I'll add that all burgers can be crunchified!When I want an all-american burger, I go to bobby's. I love going in, and getting the really fun vibes from the orange and red modern decor, anticipating the california burger + sweet potato fries goodness I usually go for. thanks bobby flay, for thinking of philadelphia when you decided to open up a burger joint!I really can't stand this location!! They're so inconsistent... well consistently horrible. When we sit in its actually much better than their takeout experience. With the takeout my burger is always over or under cooked I am a creature of habit and always order the same Dallas burger and I don't under how it can taste so different every time. The last time I ordered I tried half and half with the onion rings and sweet potato fries, I got wet onion rings and burnt fries... needless to say I will not be returning.When I found out that Bobby Flay opened a burger place in Philly I was excited. When I found out I was going to Philly on business I got even more excited because I could have it on my company's dime. But after going I would go on my own dime time and time again if I only did not live 2 and a half hours away. I had the Miami burger which is like a Cuban sandwich burger. I love a good Cuban sandwich so I was intrigued to have it as kind of a burger. Since I do not eat beef I got it as a turkey burger. I also got an order of fries and a frozen cactus pear margarita. Everything was soooooo good. The burger was moist not even a bit dry like some turkey burgers can be. The fries were crisp with just the right amount of salt and the fry sauce was amazing. A little kick but not overwhelming. The margarita was tasty as well. Stronger than I though it would be. My co-worker had the L.A. burger, fries, and the mocha Kahlua vodka shake. She liked them all as well except hers took a lot longer to come out than mine so I watched her eat most of her meal.  Besides the wait for her burger I have no complaints. I really hope Bobby keeps moving south and opens a Burger Palace in DC or even Baltimore.The burger's are pretty tasty, but a bit on the expensive side. $6 for a plain burger, and $7-8 for a specialty burger. I also had some of the sweet potato fries, which were delicious. Has a fun retro feel to it and unique seating/set up that you can't really see from the street.Whenever they initially opened.. that was the last time I was here. I was a broke-a$$ college student the last time, the reason for my not visiting. 
Their burgers are good, solid.. and I really think at $7.95 it's not terribly unreasonable! 
My mom loved her Philadelphia Burger yesterday -- I don't eat beef but I saw it was perfectly cooked a bit medium rare in the middle. She loved the hot peppers and onions that really gave it that Philly kick
I got the ground turkey LA Burger. The avocado relish was more like a guacamole, but I thought it paired really well with the watercress, and my burger was nice and juicy. Sweet potato fries were great. 
Make sure to try all of their dipping sauces to see which one you like!
Service -- could use a bit of work. They were all really nice and friendly, but a lot of people just walking around not doing much. We were both waiting for take out, and could see them sitting in the take out window. Saw a couple of employees walk past the orders, seeing they were finished and not checking to see if they were ours. Just walking by like " it's not my job.. I'm just sweeping.."
Good food, reasonably priced. (Consider the brand name slapped on there..)Stopped in here over the weekend(Sun, 3/27). I'm a supporter of Bobby Flay, so I wanted to give his burger palace a try and I wasn't disappointed. Keep in mind though, Bobby Flay is not the one on the grill. The burger was great. The fries were great. The dipping sauce for the fries was tasty. They have several different types of ketchup(sauces) to put on your burger, but I didn't need to use any of them. The Bobby Blue Burger was just right as is.  The only negatives were the server never brought my lemonade. After 10 minutes,I had to go up to the counter and ask for it. Secondly, for a burger joint, I thought it was a little pricey. $23 for 2 burgers fries and a drink. For the record, I'd pay it again.BBP is my #1 pick for a burger the cashier clearly informed me that the burger are medium well and you have to specify if you want well done, which I did.  My simple American burger was perfection...a little pricey.  The size of the burger is perfect and the texture to great!  I'll stop in again when I'm in the neighborhood!I had a crappy day but Bobby's made it all better.
I was in cheesy heaven with my Napa Valley Burger ($7.50: fresh goat cheese, watercress, turkey burger and meyer lemon honey mustard). The sweet potato fries were so/so but I ate them until I was the happiest girl in the world. The boyfriend had the Dallas Burger ($7.50: spice crusted, coleslaw, monterey jack, bbq sauce and pickles) and told me to tell ya'll it was some kind of delicious. Beers are $3.50, wine is $4.50, milkshakes $5.00, side dishes $3.00 and salads $7.50.
The ordering process/table grabbing process is weird for new customers. Since it was packed inside, I pictured getting my order and then being forced to stand there and eat it because it was too busy for a seat. No problems though and service was perfect.Let me start this out by saying I didn't really intend on going here ever, because I am not a fan of Bobby Flay.
This place opened after I'd already moved across the company, and last week was the first time I was able to try it. I loved the restaurant's ordering style (order, pay, get food brought to you), and the wait for the food wasn't long at all. I had an "LA burger" which had guacamole relish and chedder cheese. I thought it was fabulous (oh, they also ask you how you want your burger cooked when you order, so points for that, too). The fries were pleasantly salty with an interesting sauce to dip them in. Friend and I split a black and white shake which was probably one of the best milkshakes I've ever had. I wish I had an opportunity to go back and try different burgers! Next to Steak N Shake and In N Out, this is one of the best burger chains I've ever been to.Superb burgers and friendly service! Just loooove the buttermilk onion rings!You guys. These onion rings are insane.
Stopped in here for a quick snack after City Tap House with my brother and only got fries and onion rings. Left wishing we had gotten two orders of onion rings. I barely even like onion rings. Not too battery with the perfect amount of flaky sea salt right around the top. Skip the fries next time, the onion rings are what's up.I enjoyed myself. I went for lunch. The view is nice and not a lot of people; so you can really enjoy your food with out all the noise. I do see myself coming back. I had the LA burger with sweet potato fries (Med). It was a pretty decent burger, and the fries was crispy. A very good place to kick it with the guys or grab a fast bite when your with your lady.Take out, Carry Away, or Bag and Go - whatever you call it, they have it! Do not try to call ahead and place the order, though. For some reason they "don't have telephone ordering" yet. Really?! But it is still possible to go there and place a to go order. Three of my coworkers and I decided to get burgers to go today, and they were just as amazing and tasty as eating them in the restaurant! I had the Nappa Valley burger (goat cheese and watercress), which was heavenly! I'm going to keep going back until I have sampled all of their burgers!Last Thursday my husband and I ordered two burgers coleslaw, barbeque sauce and ordered fries and a milkshake. The burger roll was falling apart, a stale roll, fries was broken up and taste below average.  Didn't get fries until we consumed 50% of burger. Milkshake was not worth  $6. Chick fil a milkshake puts Bobby flay shakes to shame. That was my second experience at this place, and the last. Maybe, Bobby flay needs to,come to this place and cook his name sake food. Horrible for almost $30.So I went this month, Almost two years after my last bad review where I stated I would not return. The food was really good. Omg love the new onion ring recipe. The batter is like no other. The place was clean again and service was good.I sort of despise Bobby Flay, so it took a lot of effort to put aside my disdain for him and walk into this place.  I managed to remain neutral up until the point I bit into my burger, as the layout of the place place is sort of nifty and the menu looked promising.  But wow, I've never had such a bland burger in my life.  For reference, I ordered the classic.  It's not juicy, it's not flavorful.... it's not really anything, except oversized.  The fries were also a big disappointment as well.  Kinda soggy, way too salty.  The sauce that comes with the fries was nothing to write home about, I ditched it for ketchup.  I can only describe this place as being like a Five Guys: same price, minus the flavor.
I'm giving Bobby's 2 instead of 1 stars because at least my order came out fast.  But really I should have just gone to McD's across the street.I tried the onion rings and sweet potato fries and a vanilla milk shake...I like everything that I had...except I found the price of the milk shake a lil pricey for the size...come on bobby add a veggie burger...you just can't feed us vegetarians with a grilled cheese sandwich...I finally stopped in last week to try Bobby's in hopes of finding the Phila version of Mr. Bartley's.  Alas, I will be continuing on my quest.  The Dallas burger were merely okay and there was nothing spectacular about the bbq sauce.  It was good, just not amazing.  I did enjoy the sweet potato fries, which were nice and crispy and a change from the standard.  The honey mustard dipping sauce went quite well with them; it had just the hint of horseradish which gave it a nice twist and made it stand out from the bottled Ken's.  I sampled both the black and white milkshake and the spiked mocha Kahlua vodka.  The spiked milkshake was excellent and definitely one of a kind.  While the black and white was pretty good, it wasn't the best that I have had (again, Mr. Bartley's frappes).  Overall, this is a decent place and I will stop by in the future for the spiked shakes, in addition to giving the burgers another shot since I have been wanting to try their turkey burgers.I have a love/hate relationship with Bobby Flay overall ... my sentiments also reign true with his restaurant. 
Bobby's Burger Palace is more about the "semi cool" atmosphere than it is about the food. The burgers are not bad - but they're not fantastic either. Stay away from the margaritas - you'll be mad that you wasted your money...I was expecting more from this place.  It was good, but not exceptional, when you consider the big-name reputation of Bobby Flay -- and how the sign above the joint blares like nothing else on the street.  I ordered a Dallas burger medium-rare, which came out medium-well-done, and my burger was the only one who was over-cooked.  The toppings were okay.  The sweet potato fries were the best, with the horseradish sauce. We had a milkshake, but it did not even come close to holding a candle to an In-N-Out shake. (mmm.)  Maybe next time I'll try a Napa burger.
The service was pretty good, though.  There was a mistake with our order, and they were very accommodating and polite about it.Bobby's is definitely a great burger and quite possibly one of the best I've ever had ( I'm from so-cal and yes better than In N Out).  Been in Philly for less than a few weeks and have already returned twice.  The first time I tried the buffalo burger and the second time, I tried the burger of the month.  The meat quality is excellent, and surprisingly how well they cooked the burger and how fast the service was for a burger of this quality.  I enjoy the second burger crunchified.. but wouldn't recommend it only because the meat tastes great as is and adding the chips sort of distracted from the great taste.  Also the amount of sauces and dips is amazing.It was a good burger, much like an Elevation Burger. The hype is in the decor and the Bobby Flay name, but it about ends there. How many 'better-burger' places do we need? At least they made the place look like one of a kind inside. I just can't get past the price you pay for a cheeseburger, that is a step down from many sit down restaurants but priced the same, and perhaps a bit smaller.This is a pretty solid burger place.  I always get the L.A. burger because I love avocado on my burgers and the boyfriend always gets the Dallas burger because most of the others have something pork related.  I always get the sweet potato fries (and honestly this is why go to BBP on occasion instead of going to Five Guys every time I want a burger) and the boyfriend gets the regular fries.  The lemonade comes with free refills which is nice, and the table servers are more than happy to add to your order if you see something else you want.  I generally leave satisfied but deep down I question whether it was really worth it (the money and the calories haha).  If it weren't for the SP fries I probably would never go, but there really aren't many other options for SP fries in Philly.I came here to get a bite to eat before I went to the movies. People were raving about it so I decided I must go. I came at a perfect time because shortly after I got in line the line got really long. I got the Santa Fe Burger. I liked everything about the burger minus the tortilla chips. I thought it would go well with the burger but I felt it didn't taste well with the burger. Everything else was good. I got the onion rings. They were to die for. I can honestly say they were the best I ever tasted. To drink I just got a fountain soda. It was only $2 and free refills and you can't beat that. As I look back on this day the food was better than the movie lolThis place is great, much better than Shake Shack or Bareburger. I love that they ask how you want your burger done and tend to undercook it rather than overcook it. Their burgers are always juicy and delicious and aren't so huge that you feel overstuffed when you're done. You get all orders with a pickle which I love, it isn't unique to only them but I love it. If you order to go, they will provide you with that pickle-In its own special little pickle bag. Their french fries and shakes are also the best ever! I have never tried their unique burgers, only the crunch and brunch varieties, both of which are delicious. The staff in the university city location is always so friendly. They give you clean silverware and the place is always stuffed with condiments. I always have a great experience here, the food is always great and the people are nice!I was fortunate enough to be the first customer to enter the doors--literally, and quite by chance.  Aside from the waitstaff, my friend and I were the only ones in the restaurant eating and trying the food (and all for free!).  It was definitely a nice experience--not sure how and why I was permitted entry, but it was definitely fun to smirk at those denied entry after me.  now onto the food....
Money has obviously gone into this place, as expected of an establishment bearing the name of the rather conceited Bobby Flay.  I decided upon the Napa Valley burger, simply because "goat cheese" immediately caught my attention.  I ordered my burger to a medium doneness, and it was cooked perfectly so.  My Napa Valley came with a substantial amount of goat cheese that melted and oozed pleasantly with the patty.  I also ordered a side of the sweet potato fries that came with a delicious honey mustard horseradish sauce (tables come with an assortment of condiments as well--jalapeno sauce, which was my friend's favorite, a chipotle ketchup, a burger sauce, and a honey mustard, off the top of my head).
i enjoyed what i had.  especially cuz it was free.  that having been said, i dunno if i would come back to pay $8 for one of those burgers.  if you want fries?  another $3.  and a milkshake?  tack on another $5, and suddenly you're looking at a $15 bill.  now, if they had some sort of meal plan, or HAPPY HOUR (!!!!).... bump this review up to four stars immediately.  until then.... three.Delicious Burgers and fries with no fuss.
This place serves delicious all american burgers with any toppings you could think of. you can even sub in ground turkey or chicken instead of beef. Its better burgers than what some of the popular bars serve. (e.g. PYT)
service is friendly and fast. 
A great option for a no frill fast food burger thats not greasy and is well prepared.Service was painful,  while I watched management joking around while I watched my Ice Tea sit in window until Ice was melted. My burger was ordered medium rare but sat in window so long I received it well done.I'm not the burger-eating type, but when I'm craving one it better well be damn good!  My guy, on the other hand, is a burger connoisseur. We've had all the usual suspects (shake shack, 5 guys) and many others from fancy joints.  I have to give it to red-head Bobby for doing it right with his burger palace.  Customer service is great and if you sit close enough you can watch the guys on the grill. They are professional and seem concentrated on their job.  I had the regular burger and he got his crunchified, which basically means adding chips to your burger.  Ordered medium and got it.  Sweet potato fries are amazing and onion rings are huge, as in you get a whole onion huge (even a bit too much for my guy).  Burgers are flavorful and is enough to stuff you.  The decor is relaxed but still classy.  I'll definitely go again when I get my craving. I have a feeling my guy has already been a few more times!Finally made our way to BBP last weekend.  The decor was fun and cute!
I got the burger of the month which was pretty solid; cremini mushroom, red wine BBQ sauce (this sauce was awesome!) and American cheese. I also loved the fries.  Super crispy and seasoned well.  Hubby had the Philadelphia burger and said it was pretty good.  The black n white milkshake was thick and yummy.
Can't give em another star because my burger was a bit pink when I asked for well-done :( also didn't like onion rings, too thick and no flavor.  Boo! I heart onion rings...To be fair, I tried this place twice before I wrote this review. 
The first time I went to this place, I came here just because its Bobby Flay's. I order the 'L.A Turkey Burger', and my husband order 'Bobby's Blue Burger' Turkey as well. We've had had Turkey burgers before, and turkey takes an extra amount of spices unlike beef to really savor the flavor. But these Turkey burgers where overly spiced. They tasted like they had a little too much pepper, and something was missing, but they where O.K. We've had better. 
The second time, we decided to try the beef. After everyone had said, you have to have the burger in beef to enjoy it better. Fine. I order 'Bobby's Blue Burger' in Beef and my husband order the 'Palace Classic Burger' as well in beef. My burger this time lacked flavor, and my husband just said it was good. Nothing special, nothing to say "OMG- Best Burger Ever!" If anything I left thinking that In-N-Out in CA is way better than this. My husband did not agree in the comparison. However, ironically enough a few days later, while at his conference they got fed burgers and felt that it hands down was way better than Bobby's Burger Palace. 
I would say, try it. Just so you can say you had Bobby Flay's Burgers, but do not expect anything than just mediocre burgers.Went in for lunch today for the first time because I've been wanting to try it forever, I love Bobby Flay. I got the signature crunch burger with classic fries. Overall, I enjoyed my meal, the burger was tasty and cooked well. The fries I liked, they were crunchy and delicious, although a few burnt ones were in the mix, which I'm fine with. I would go here more often, however I feel like it's a bit overpriced, especially with my college student budget. I paid $23 for two crunch burgers and two orders of fries.The "Bobby Blue" burger, a standard burger that comes with blue cheese and bacon, was quite scrumptious although a messy eat.  I used a ton of napkins.  I also ordered a side of onion rings which were thick, hot and delicious~!  The onion rings were truly excellent, and while not the best I have had ever, they are up in my top 5 I would say.  Husband got a brunch burger that came with an egg on it and said it was quite tasty.  They also had beer and a cool and very tasty alcoholic milkshake with caramel and bourbon.  You pay in advance and order with the cashier when you arrive and then seat yourself - they bring the stuff to your table.  Atmosphere was kind of like being in a trendy cafeteria.
All in all, this was a very positive experience and the food/drinks were really good!  Four stars!Awesome burgers. I honestly think they are better than Shake Shack.
In the very least, the buns are definitely a lot better than Shake Shack.
Only one complaint that knocked out the one star is the fries. They're not very good (I think they're made from sweet potatoes?)... they're not crisp but are somewhat sogged with oil....
so go with the burgers at Bobby's Burger Palace !Hands down best sweet potato fries w/ the perfect dipping sauce out there. Love the many burger varieties available for guests. The burgers are delicious, I love his choice of sesame buns, I love how you have the option to crunchify any burgers (adding a layer of plain potato chips to the burger). The only downside is that there's no veggie burgers which means I could never take my sister there. The milkshakes are delicious, you also have the option to spike it w/ several kinds of alcohol.Let me start this review by informing you that since my first trip here, I've begun dreaming about these burgers on a fairly regular basis. I've tried a number of the burgers here, the Dallas and Santa Fe were both excellent, but at the end of the day I usually stick with a Crunch Burger because it's the only option they have that really allows you to enjoy the flavor of the meat. The toppings on the other burgers are great, but a little over powering if you, like me, enjoy your burgers for the quality of the beef you're eating. 
One of my many trips here was with my mother who is notoriously hard to please with food. She was also feeling queasy and a burger wasn't really going to cut it for her stomach, so she ordered the grilled cheese and proclaimed it the best grilled cheese she's ever had. 
My only complaint is on the service when the restaurant is even somewhat crowded. Service can be fairly disorganized if they're even slightly full, which means that sometimes your burger will come out ten minutes before your milkshake or, even worse, you'll see your milkshake or burger waiting in the window but no waiter can take the time to pick it up and bring it to you and it's melted  or cold by the time they've brought it over. 
It's also a pretty solid choice for take-out, though you have to time your order carefully. They ought to have a separate take-out line because if you arrive at the same time as a lot of other people, you (again) may have to watch your food get cold in the window while you wait in line. Burgers that come with chips on them usually are a bit soggy by the time you get them home.