Bok Bar has amazing views, but I was a little disappointed by the menu. All of the beers are canned and there aren't many food options. I was also expecting more games/activities, but there weren't any. If you live in the area, it's a convenient hangout area, but it definitely isn't worth the journey if you aren't within walking distance.Friendly staff, great beer/wine selection and rotating chefs!
On Sundays, dogs are allowed:)
Such a cool scene, shaded areas and misters available for those wanting to stay out of the sun!Shawn the bartender was super knowledgeable about the wine selection and helped me choose a wine to compliment my watermelon salad, which was also awesome! Great views, food and drinksThe view will take your breath away. Incredible. Beers were a bit expensive ($50 for 5 cans) but when we went on Thursday, August 9 the crowd was relaxed and it wasn't super crowded. We had planned to stay for one round just to see the skyline but the music was great and the crowd relaxed so we stayed for 2. Had a great time. Defiantly a good place to bring out of town guests.Hip spot in South Philly on top of the now closed Bok Vocational School. Beautiful building, loved walking through the school hallways and past the auditorium to the elevators. Have been 2x's, first visited with the kids, they allow children on Sundays noon-6, we had lunch and enjoyed the view. Visited again at night for drinks, great spot!Unusually located Beer Garden atop an abandoned school.  Free parking in lot across the street.  I went for a sponsored event early on a Wednesday evening, and had no clue we were heading for the roof. Cool!  The view of is expansive and amazing, from the 8th floor rooftop. Since it was still light we could see everything from NJ to the western suburbs.
 Didn't have a drink, the food menu extremely limited but portion and quality decent for the price. They were very accomodating on my gluten free food request.  We were there on the early side so seating was ample. Also cool use of former school desks put together as tables. It opened in March the owner told me. What an awesome idea!  They also took the time to decorate walls of the elevator with site history.Amazing view of the city! Loved coming to this bar although it was very far away from center city. The food was subpar and pretty expensive for what it was, but the drinks and the views made up for it! The bar area is very expansive so there is tons of room for everyone to enjoy the view & the atmosphere!This is one of my favorite places to visit when I'm visiting the city. It's a little on the pricy side ($6-$8 for a 12 oz bottle of 6% beer) but the view is worth it. It's on the roof of an old school and has the perfect view of the Philadelphia skyline. I recommend visiting at least once.Best part of my visit to Philadelphia. This rooftop "bar" has beer and wine, as well as a great dance scene. Don't leave Philadelphia without checking this place out. It's worth the cover!I was having so much fun at Bok Bar I didn't want to interrupt it with writing a review. It's a gorgeous view, sunset is bananas. I love my city and it looks awesome from Bok Bar. 
My cliff notes...
1. No smoking on the rooftop. Take the slow ass elevator (yes that's singular) downstairs and go back outside to the curb. Lame
2. No cocktails or liquor. Beer and Wine is sooo 12th grade.
3. What happened to the menu? It went from Asian fusion to Country club poolside snacks. Shrug just sell cafeteria classics. 
Despite the little flaws I'm excited to get back next summerThis place was definitely overrated. I had high hopes for the concept but everything was way too pricey (we are in south philly - let's get real), and food was small portions and also overpriced for what it was. Concept of cans is weird given part of the place feels like it's striving for a higher end feel. It's a one time go-to.Bok lived up to the hype!  Vibe is chill & trendy.  Best view of the city skyline.  Prices for food/drinks were reasonable. We stayed until they kicked us out at 1AM.  We WILL be back.4stars only because the chicken was a bit salty. Sorry guys. Other than that it was great being my first time and all!!! Atmosphere is very casual. All of the staff were friendly and approachable. It's one of the schools closed down in philly. So you walk thru the school, take an elevator to the roof. Food & drinks to the left. Chairs & tables all over. Very open to walk about. Don't be shy, TAKE PICTURES!! I went on a Sunday evening, and there were kids and dogs. Spoke to one of the staff, was told that both are allowed only on Sundays, not bad at all. Plan on bringing my nieces & nephews here on a Sunday. Just a cool place to relax and take in the view. I think there were games for kids but not sure. Highly recommended if you just wanna be casual relaxing with a beer on a rooftopFinally I got to check out this Bok Bar I've heard so much about! We had dinner reservations nearby in South Philly and really wanted a rooftop bar to check out, so this one fit the bill!  We arrived shortly after 6pm opening time and there was already a line--- obviously a good sign.  the line moved quickly after a brief ID check and a little wait for the elevator. 
Once we got up to the 8th floor, i was impressed with the size of the place, and the VIEW!  Pics dont really do it justice, in my opinion.  We also lucked out with perfect rooftop weather making the whole experience fantastic.  Its a huge space, with 2 large bars on either end, so despite a busy evening, there was little or no wait at the bar. They have a decent list of beer and wine but no liquor -- my only complaint.
There are a variety of seating options up there, from a weird lunch table thing to Adirondack chairs and some contraption made of wood and pool noodles, I think. The experience walking through the school was interesting and different, and the bathrooms were a total throwback. 
overall- i will 100% return. 
Vegetarian food BONUS - they have a few menu items and ALL of them can be made vegetarian.  I should probably return that star lost for no liquor for this one. maybe i will once I actually try the food!Came for drinks after dinner in a Friday night. The entrance was confusing but we made it up (after some pretty impressive ID check). There can be a line for the elevator but it moves pretty fast. They have a good selection of wine, beers, and ciders and although we were stuffed the menu was enticing. Great views of the city are the highlight. The crowd is very hip and on the younger side. It was pretty full when we went (10pm) but it never felt crowded or overwhelming. It's a great place to take visitors but I don't know if I'd choose Bok Bar for a regular bar.Pretty nice. It was great to go on a September night on a Sunday, as it was breezy and laid-back. The scallion pancake was great, and I enjoyed the champagne. All in all a chill atmosphere once I got past it being an old school and that feeling of "I am drinking champagne on the top of a school building". I grew up not very far from here, so yeah, it was kind of a bittersweet feeling.  But the skyline is very beautiful here and you get a great view.Nothing matters but the view and good drinks! Sunday's have a pretty cool vibe as well, dogs are welcome!I finally made it here after hearing about it for 2 summers. I have to say, the view was awesome. Everything you hear about. It was a bit more crowded than I was expecting for Labor Day Weekend, but the weather was perfect. The wine I had was delish. I didn't get to the food, but overall it was a great experience. The reason for 4 stars instead of 5 is that I think there should be more seating to give it more of a lounge feel and I also feel that the bathrooms were disgusting and they could definitely step up their game on that.... Big time.Such a cool view. Too bad it's seasonal and only open in the warmer months. But it's entirely outside so understand. Try to come before sunset so you can grab chairs by the railing and watch the sunset/admire the city. Had the grapefruit seltzer which was quite good and a philly brew. They have cans of beer, wine and the like and a small selection of food like hummus and veggies. Would recommend.Amazing place to go with friends and family. I was surprised that this place use to be a public school. Very interesting! Anyway I didn't got to try there food last night I went. I was full already so I just grab a can of beer and enjoy the view from the rooftop. Definitely will come back day and night sometimes in the future.This is by far one of the best rooftop bars in the city.  The venue is actually the roof of what used to be a high school.  You enter and walk through the school and go up an elevator which has a months worth of events posted all over the walls inside.
Once you get to the roof the view is amazing.  At night, you can see the whole city lit up across the horizon.  
It was a Friday night and opening weekend, but thankfully wasn't too crowded.  There was no wait to get in.  I came with a group of about 10 people and there was plenty of space and seating for us.
They have two bars where you can order beer and wine.  The prices range is around $7-10 for each drink.  They carry various of bottled/canned beer and serve wine in plastic cups.  I ordered a Max Fox 360 IPA, which had a nice hoppy and full body taste.
Come to Bok Bar if you want a really cool "I'm in the city" feeling.Great (amazing) views and affordable drinks, but literally saw several LARGE cockroaches crawling around my feet and on the walls.  Other patrons were picking their feet up off the floor to avoid roaches touching their feet.Poor customer service - ended up talking to the manager after an incident with the customer service.  Multiple members of the the staff were rude and lied to my face.  Kind of poor experience given all the hype - not worth the trip.Let's be honest, the view is the main course here. People watching is top notch too. If it gets too hot, simply plant yourself next to the people sprinklers...or have another drink. Did I mention the view?Great place to grab a drink but not for food...all the food sucked. I never had salty hummus before.  Great view2009 music + awkward crowd = bad use of a good space.
Either this place needs to hire a Dj or hire someone to resign the space. There are 4-5 plants that are dying and and large awkward space between seats. I'm not sure what they were going for but my friends and I had a drink and quickly decided this wasn't a fun place to hang out.
It's also a shame that this beautiful view of the skyline is going to waste.
Hopefully by next year they can fix these issues and draw a more diverse crowded.
Gentrifiers very welcome!- located on top of high school 
- best views of Philly 
- hipster vibe 
- nice selection of beers and wine only 
- plenty of open spaces to sit
- you can bring your dog and kids on Sunday's 
Only neg part is that food sucked compared to the prices you're paying.No one will tell you to, but you best read the walls of the elevator lest a bouncer may walk up to you and say "thanks for the leave" which means in bouncer speak that he's kicked you out. The elevator walls are the only place rules are posted. 
Great views. Poor communication by staff to patrons. 
They close out your tab after every transaction.Get there before the summer ends.  Or don't, what do I care?
Bok Bar's excellence is in it's simplicity.  On the roof of a closed down school, they have built a simple bottle bar.  Very nice views of the city and the sunset, the selection of beer and wine isn't bad considering they are just working out of a few refrigerators, and you can even get a bite to eat.  
I tasted the tofu banh mi.  It was okay, while not my favorite, I'll forgive that when I am sitting 8 stories up with a view.  The fried banana was very good, and tasted even better when it cooled down a little and some of the caramelization crunchified.  
Good music, chill vibe, lot's of seating, friendly enough staff.  You can pay by card with an ipad.  A nice, simple business model.  I hope they do more interesting stuff with this building.WOW. This place is incredible. For a beautiful (and affordable) night out, you can't beat these incredible views. I was blown away by how much they've improved the space since last summer, adding decking to the roof and making the bars more permanent. It truly looks incredible, plus you have the entire skyline view to enjoy!!
The bartenders are very friendly and helpful to make recommendations. Beer and wine only, but that's fine with me! The prices are what you would expect, nothing outrageous. The music here is always great too!
I can't say enough about this spot. I tell everyone I meet to go here!!Really nice view of the city of Philadelphia and cool bar on the top of the roof but the beer is garbage and they are charging $6 a beer which is ridiculous for an IPA. By the way as far as beers go everything on the menu is IPA. So if you like lagers, pilsners and stouts you won't find it here. Food Is terribly bad too. It's more of a place were hipsters with no tastebuds go to. The only thing good about this place is the view that's about. Can't wait until this place has a new owner. Crossing my fingers for a hookah lounge/bar by Arab owners.5 Stars for one of the coolest bars I've ever experienced. It's on top of an old school. That's hard to beat, guys.
We pulled up to the address on Yelp and found ourselves standing in front of a dark, abandoned school. I immediately thought we were victims of a cruel prank. We had asked a random guy on the street for his favorite bar and he mentioned a bar on the roof of an old school. We might as well have bought tickets to the "secret pool on the roof" of our middle school... But at second glance, the sign on the doors said to walk around to the other side for entrance.
After having our IDs checked at the door we waited for our turn on the elevator. It was weirdly exhilarating being in the dark, empty hallways of the old school. It was either going to be amazing or we were all walking into a horror movie scenario.
Walking out onto the roof, it was clearly going to be awesome. The view of the city was unbelievable, it wasn't too crowded (because it was huge and only a week old), the bartender was relaxed and friendly, and the drinks were reasonably priced (beer and wine). We wandered around and each one of us commented about how we wished there was a bar like this in our city. 
But possibly my favorite part of this crazy-awesome concept was the bathrooms. They are the same as when it was a school and that means the stall doors are tiny and super short. Is it awkward? Oh yeah. Is it also kind of awesome? M-hm.Fantastic view of the city skyline and affordable drinks. The wait to go upstairs was pretty long, but it just depends on when you get there. It's definitely a unique experience worth checking out. The crowd is younger and there isn't a long wait for drinks at the bar since there are two (one at each end of the roof).The view is amazing . The dumplings were delicious and all the seating was pretty cool. We heard we should go back for Sunday Funday. Go early because it gets crowded!This place is awesome for a night out in the summer. The most beautiful views of the city are on this rooftop. It looks very deceiving from the outside that you are entering into a school, but it works for their secret bar vibe. I will be back when it gets warm again!This rooftop is soooooooooo cool! Omg! 
I came here twice, once with my friend just to see it and once on a date & I just love the concept of it so much. The view is amazing; you can see all of south philly + the center city skyline + parts of jersey + the ben franklin bridge IM LITERALLY GETTING EXCITED JUST THINKING BACK ON IT LOL. Its in an old school building which is so cool and it really stands out for that. Theres nothing fancy or bougie about it and I love that about it too because I feel like rooftops in the city have a more stuck up feel but not Bok. I haven't tried their food but I will one day because I'm definitely going back. 
The bar is only beer and wine which is another awesome part about it (I don't feel like you need liquor up here, its a more chill vibe)  and it's fairly priced. A bottle of prosecco is about 45$ which pours about 5 glasses (they use plastic cups), btwn 2 people that is really not bad. If you went anywhere else you'd rack up at least 70$ for a bottle. Also there is so much space you could literally run around (unfortunately we are adults & this is not acceptable). 
ANYWAY ! Come here! At least once while it's still hot out! It is amazing! The onlyyyy thing that sucks is there is no indoor space & only one bar to the far left but you could have a sick party up here. 
Omg also the playlist both times I went was so good. There was no live DJ but I didn't care because whatever spotify station was on was awesome lol.Great atmosphere , breathe taking views and good beer. What else could you ask for. The seating is a little limited but definitely worth the wait.Bok Bar is a sensational seasonal rooftop bar in Philly! A transformed elementary school to rooftop bar during the summer months, Bok Bar has managed to generate a lot of hype and interest from parties of all ages. 
Nothing feels like it's summertime more than drinking on the rooftop of an old school with magnificent sweeping views of the Philly skyline with a good crowd. From only the 6th floor up, you're able to see the full skyline on both sides of the river. 
The rooftop has two bars on either end of the long open patio and can likely hold 250 people but it never feels that crowded given they run a tight ship on the ground floor (one in, one out). 
They offer some light bar food/appetizers but the real draw is their beer menu. They probably have every local beer brewed with 50 miles of Philadelphia. The majority of the beers are also seasonal and hit the spot as you're watching the setting sun. Not much of a cocktail list so I hope you like beer!Opened yesterday. Get it right Yelp! ;)
Hoping it's not super crowded because yesterday was the opening night. Come out and enjoy south Phillys highest bar!Much love to the two Asian homies (probably my cousins) outside of John's Water Ice who both recommended this joint (which we corroborated with Yelp), because Bok Bar, undoubtedly, is the greatest establishment in the history of mankind. 
Forget the speakeasy in that one neighborhood with the sublime hipster interior yet pretentious mixologists selling year 2050 priced liquid concoctions, because this Philly new kid on the block IS LOCATED ON THE ROOFTOP OF GIGANTIC AND FORMER ELEMENTARY/ MIDDLE SCHOOL.
And if THAT weren't amazing enough, the panorama over Philadelphia's incredibly gorgeously magical skyline and Benjamin Franklin Bridge is simply breathtaking. It's analogous to having amazing sex, then receiving a full body massage from a person with iron fingers, and then eating, like, the best ice cream ever (salted caramel). It's almost, in a sense, overwhelmingly stunning.
Things to know:
*****
I. LOCATION & PARKING
Bok Bar is located in the quaint East Passyunk Crossing 'hood that has scattered and narrow street parking. I suggest hailing an Uber, calling upon a retired race horse, or using your hover board. However, be aware that the address listed on Yelp will take you to one corner of now abandoned school. Make your way over to the opposite corner of 8th and Mifflin.
A man will direct you inside. Walk down the hall, take a right and BAM! You're waiting to take the service elevator up to the 8th Floor.
II. FOOD & DRINK
They have a weak assortment of Southeast Asian bar food, so don't expect anything filling. Visit to grab a craft beer or glass of bubbles, red, or white, and enjoy the view. I would love to hangout there all day and night, pounding Chardonnay like it was my job. (WHERE IS THIS JOB?)
III. SERVICE
Super chill, not pretentious. Yeah, I would chill with the people there.
IV. AMBIENCE & DÉCOR
Yo, did you read the part in my review that Bok Bar resides on the rooftop of an elementary/ middle school? I mean, it's mind-blowingly Selma Hayek sexy. And guess what? For a Saturday night, it wasn't busy at all.
Also, even though the bathrooms are clean, the four to five foot high stalls make it hard to have any privacy when trying to do #2. But if you're like #YOLO, I respect dat.
GO HERE FOR THE AMAZING VIEW.
V. PRICES
$5-6 a beer. $7-9 for a glass of wine. Very reasonable. Ooh, and they use Square, or some other electronic form to accept plastic. 
VI. OVERALL
I'm not sure who I have to threaten to duplicate an establishment like Bok Bar in Atlanta - where I live - but I am truly envious of locals for having this (new) Philly gem. Damn. You. All.Great walk to this transformed south philly old high school. you need to walk through the hallways to the elevator. I recommend getting there as soon as they open so you can get unobstructed views of the skyline. Great background music and ample seating areas to soak in the gorgeous views. Food was pretty solid. The only thing I would knock is the fact you have to close out after every transaction. Great south philly landmark.New favorite bar in the city.
Its not a center city crowd---you can take that how you wanna. 
The view is easily the best view in, and of, the city. Sunsets are great.
The bar bites are great, and beer list is good. 
A++UGH what a bar. gotta go on a great sunset night. the view is just spectacular. It's great for a date night, catching up with some friends or bringing some friends that don't live in the area for a great philly skyline experience. i love the selection of drinks here, wine, beer and seltzers. splitting a bottle of wine with a friend is the best way to go. keep it up bok!I kept hearing about this place so I had to check it out for myself. I was not disappointed with the view. I don't see what all the hype is about though....
Drink menu kinda sucks. Not much to choose from. Price is reasonable. Music is eh. Crowd is ok. 
One last thing. Body odor and a stuffy elevator does not mix well.The most amazing view of the Philadelphia Skyline, worth the trip for that alone, especially at sunset.  This iteration of the bar on the 8th floor of the old Bok Vocational High School, is a more permanent fixture than last year's Le Bok Fin. The design is stylish and there are many different seating and lounge areas for visitors to eat, drink, and take in the view.  There's a nice variety of both beer and wine.  I went on opening night and it seemed like the bar staff was still hammering out the kinks, but aside from that the service was smooth.  It's also worth ordering some food, a combination of Vietnamese and Filipino fare.  The bahn mi is served casually and is pretty tasty, as are the appetizers.  Definitely worth checking out!They aren't joking when they say it's the best view in the city! Perfect place for a summer night to enjoy the sunset and some drinks. The menu is decent, a little over-priced but I guess that's typical for this type of beer garden. This was a little out of the way for me and my girlfriend but definitely worth the ride. Will go back soon! If you Uber/lyft here, they have a terrible time finding it as it's at the top of an old school. Other then that, it's awesome!The atmosphere of the Bok Bar reminds me of summers spent frolicking through the shores of cape may. I experienced mild disappointment as I could not find the liquor but the views vanished our sorrows. I would most definitely send my child to Bok Highschool.5 stars for the view- self explanatory 
3 stars for the atmosphere - appreciate the effort for using school chairs and desks for people to sit at... but there's barely any music and they should incorporate games for people to play with... 
4 stars for the food - cheap and good 
2 stars for the drinks - in cheap plastic cups... not many options eitherThe only special thing about this rooftop bar is the view. Don't expect much. Servers were friendly.This is my go to summer place especially when visitors are in town. The view is unbeatable especially if you can make it while the sun sets. Once the sun does go down the place gets busy quick. Drinks are reasonable priced and they have a pretty good sized list. I always go for the cava. It is also a very unpretentious vibe and a good mix of people. Definitely worth a visit!If i could give it 4.5 stars, I would. My cousin came here last year and raved about it, so we went this past weekend and I was not disappointed. The views are simply unmatched! It was hot, but as the sun set and the breeze picked up I could have stayed there all night! The drinks are interesting, albeit a bit pricey for wine served in a plastic cup. The food is on point - the beef satay was delicious - best thing we had! The scallion pancake was good (the sauce made it) and the sesame ball was not my favorite, but still interesting. Overall the atmosphere, and sheer ingenuity of this place makes it a winner!Wonderful view - no cover - minimal wait - can be around 20 min if going at peak time. No liquor, but good beer and wine prices. This for sure is my go-to.My 2 stars are for the bartenders and the view. (Bartenders you honestly deserve 5 stars) they were SO attentive on an extremely busy Saturday night during the summer and they were so nice too (made a pit stop at a bar on each side) the view is incredible and it's just a cool environment. HOWEVER. 2 members of the staff were extremely rude. I was kicked out for smoking a small vape on the rooftop.. was never warned just thrown out. Another staff member tried to tell the guy it was unfair and not right to kick me out with no warning but he wasn't having it. Okay fine I left peacefully.. not that big of a deal. So I take the elevator down stairs to leave and stop to use the restroom on my way out.. I open the door and a girl and guy walk out of the women's room, I go in and a short woman of the staff runs in on her walkie talkie talking about me and rips me out of the bathroom. But a guy and girl can do whatever they were doing and that's okay... haha k. I won't be back here i was treated as someone who truly disturbed the peace in a classy establishment what a JOKE. I go out A LOT and I go out with A LOT of people all whom spend A LOT of money and talk to A LOT of different people all over the place... non of us will return. That short girl really needs a reality check and the establishment should make sure their staff is not touching customers. She's lucky I didn't cause a scene. Get your staff together BokLove the concept of this breezy rooftop bar! The atmosphere of this repurposed high school makes you feel kind of rebellious that you're getting buzzed while feeling like you're back in high school. The views of Philly are unparallel here and you're high up enough where the sounds of the city melt away. There is plenty of space on this large rooftop terrace and plenty of tables to sit at. I didn't try a mix drink so I can't really speak for the menu here, but the atmosphere for a nice getaway drink during the day is perfect here.Bok Bar is the perfect hidden gem outside of center city. It offers the most amazing view of the sunsets and Philly skyline. This is a great place to meet up with friends when you are looking for a bar under the radar to meet up with friends. The drink prices are the same as they would be at any Philly bar and offer a decently wide variety of alcohol choices.Really a unique, cool spot that is an excellent addition to the scene. It was hyped up but exceeded expectations, and I would highly recommend anyone going and checking it out. Went on a Thursday night that was beautiful, and I was impressed from the jump with the organization and the signage - it was very organized and professionally run, and there was no confusion as to where to get dropped off, picked up a car service, or enjoy. The views were fabulous, and the drink menu was strong. Plenty of good beer choices, with a bunch of local options. An ideal summertime spot. Food looked good although we didn't indulge, just enjoyed a few drinks and the fun, festive crowd. Would happily go back and enjoy another evening there. Thanks!I was lucky to visit Bok Bar on a beautiful Saturday afternoon when there weren't a ton of people and the weather was excellent, albeit a bit hot.
The entrance and path up to Bok was a bit odd because it's located in an old school.  I'm not sure if the caution tape was left as an aesthetic but it certainly didn't make me feel welcomed.  It doesn't seem like much of the school has been touched so it's still old and busted.
The roof top itself is beautiful.  Composite decking was added to the roof and they have setup shaded and non-shaded areas (tables, chairs and blocks to sit on) which make the capacity of this place pretty sizeable.  One bar is off to the right side (when you walk in) that has decent prices on beer.  No glasses sadly, just plastic cups.  I didn't get to experience food as the kitchen wasn't open.
This is a nice space and I can imagine there being a line for drinks when it's full due to its size and only one bar.  Still, the view is remarkable and certainly worth at least one trip.Really nice view, try to get there at sunset!! Wasn't too crowded around 7, it got way busier later on. Drink prices are ok, but the selections are different so I enjoyed that and trying new beers, bartenders were nice and helpful with suggestions. We didn't get a place to sit until later on when people left but standing by the edge wasn't bad at all for the view you get.My favorite rooftop bar in Philly. The view is incredible. The space is extremely large, with a bar on each side of the roof.  The bartenders are always nice and very accommodating. The menu is asian. It changed this year from last. The menu was Vietnamese last year, and now it is Chinese (dumplings and rice bowls). I didn't get food yet this year but last year the food was really good. The music is always pretty good. It's always a good crowd too. 
There is more seating this year.  It's a perfect spot to watch the sunset. Walking to the elevator is kind of nostalgic. I didn't go to this school, but it had the common characteristics that made me think of my elementary school. All round, this place is a great experience.just beautiful. One of the best rooftop bars in Philly. Low key gorgeous south philly bar. Enough to accommodate large groups without being overcrowded. It's also got reasonably priced drinks.
The only downside is they don't have liquor (only bc i'm not huge on beer) but other than that a great spot to hang out.
If watching a sunset in philly is on your bucket list, this HAS to be the place to watch it go down.
The service is always friendly.Best spot in philly and definitely the best view. The prices are pretty decent also.  Any information on when it is opening this year?Love at first site! I've literally been to Bok Bar over ten times and every visit I am still amazed. Views for days, and in my opinion the best view of the city by far.  This hidden gem is my favorite rooftop in the city. Last year, I still can remember the first time I saw the spectacular view, and immediately thought "is this real life". Atmosphere wise, the place is super causal and chill with options for beer and wine. All the prices for the drinks are fairly priced, especially with the views and not charging for entrance fees. 
Tip: Go right before the sunset, so you can see both the daytime and night time views.Probably the coolest, hippest, hottest place in town! The view of the city is spectacular and the sunsets are amazing. Because you are on the 8th floor of a building roof it's breezy! The staff is over friendly. Perfect to chill and hang out to watch the sunset.Bok Bar has a really incredible view and a nice selection of beer. I found most of the staff to be very friendly. Except for the manager who was a complete asshole. 
My husband and I brought our dog here on Sunday afternoon. We are new to Philadelphia, so not sure of dog-etiquette yet, I asked the bartender if we could let our dog off the leash. She said yes it was fine, as long as he behaved. Minutes later, the manager came up to us and started screaming at me for having the dog off of the leash. As I was trying to explain that I just asked permission, he interrupted and said 'YOU JUST ASKED THE BARTENDER AND SHE SAID NO!!' While I was trying to explain that, in fact, she had said yes, he continued to berate me. I turned to the bartender and asked her to tell him that she had said yes. She just shrugged and said 'sorry, he's my manager' as the asshole-manager just walked away. I have no problem keeping the dog on a leash, but I have a big problem with people treating me so disrespectfully. After I calmed down a little, the bartender came up and apologized and offered to buy us a round. 
Again, I have no problem keeping my dog on a leash. But don't scream at me when I did my part to ask. It's not my fault that I was given the wrong information. I was glad that the bartender bought us a round, but I really think the manager should have apologized to us directly.This is a great spot to hang with friends or the start/end of a wonderful date night. The views of Philly are amazing. So be Instagram/Snapchat ready. There are two bar locations and they sell small bites. Last night was a more Mediterranean menu with falafel and chicken shiskabobs type of fare. It wasn't bad.....but you're not gonna get full off of the food up there. So I would recommend adding this to your restaurant routine. It would be a great place to check out after you've eaten. You can have some drinks, laugh, feel the great breezes, and enjoy one of the best views of the city. The Bok staff is very friendly. Just an overall great spot on a nice summer night.When I was first told that this place was located on the roof of an old middle school in South Philly, I was intrigued but not entirely sure what expect. That being said, if you're tired of the general bar scene in Center City and looking for something unique and different, I would without a doubt recommend this spot to others. Good food and drinks, great music, and an amazing skyline view of the city made for an awesome night. 5 stars for the unique location and picture perfect views.I love to bring my friends from out of town here - it really showcases the city in a positive light. Great music and beer, and normal people. The view is absolutely STUNNING. I'm just wondering when they are closing up this year..... can't find a closing date so I'm curious about what they will do and a lil nervous I'll bring an out of towner here and it will be closed!Bok bar was cool and definitely creative. It's in a high school which was a shock to me. There was an amazing view, it was crowed but it wasn't hard to find a spot because everyone is moving around. Entering the high school your bags get check then your ID before you enter the elevator. 
For drinks- I had a pineapple cider which I've never had before, it was tasty my girlfriend had a dog fish IPA. There were 2 bars and a lot of benches/high bar tables we stayed for about 30 mins and moved to our next location. Great night out!I went to Bok with a group of friends for her birthday and we had a wonderful time! The bartenders were friendly, fast and readily available. The bottle of rose we ordered was semi-dry and the perfect accompaniment for the amazing view. We managed to watch sunset and the fading light with the Philly skyline is a summer must do!! I highly recommend it! Of note, you enter off of Mifflin St.I live a stone throw away from this joint and no matter what the elderly folk in my hood say I still vouch the thought that they set this bar up here instead of wasting the view and just have the pigeons enjoy it. 
Boks vibe is to really give you the feel you're on a deck of a cruise ship all breezy flag waving at the pole everybody just taking in the sunset view Of the city skyline, the music playlist with a little lounge house feel really sets the tone. The secondary reason going here besides the best rooftop view in Philadelphia is the Pork  Sisig which is a delicacy in the Philippines which is often described by Anthony Bourdain as one if the best Pork dishes he's had pair it with a Troegs Senders Ale you are set and you can thank me later. Try the Turon as well you won't be disappointed. Keep it up Bok bar you're welcome in my hood anytime.A gem in the heart of the city. Great ambiance, view and pricing. But the highlight is the view! This is a true rooftop bar! And free parking.The bar is located on the rooftop of an old school. It's a curious experience going to a bar in a school - you're literally gonna walk by classrooms as you make your way to the bar. The bar has an amazing view of Center city, two big bars - which makes it quick and easy to get drinks -, and, at least when I went there, there was just the right amount people - enough for you to have fun, but not so crowded you cannot enjoy yourself. I'm definitely coming back summer ends.Definitely would recommend this bar, fun atmosphere and terrific view of the Philly skyline. They only serve beer and wine FYI but the IPAs were great.best view of the city. food is ok (not the best bahn mi I've had). beer about $6 with decent selection.Third time here this summer as the spacious rooftop bar does not disappoint! The converted school roof offers beautiful city views with extremely friendly and welcoming staff. Perfect for a group or date night. Free parking is available directly across the street. Liquor is not offered however there is a nice selection of beer, wine, and other non-alcholic beverages.So sad this place is closing this weekend. Always a great time. A ton of rooftop space. Amazing views. Everything is $5 during happy hour. Food is pretty decent. And just a cool atmosphere being in a middle/high school.This place is pretty cool if you want to get a good view of Philly. I recommend it for people who have friends or family from out of town and they are looking for a place to bring them to show off a beautiful side of Philadelphia.
The overall vibe is pretty relaxed most of the time but I would imagine that this place is packed on a Saturday night and the crowd might not be as friendly.
I am knocking off one star for my review because I was really hoping that you still had kombucha like you had last year, I brought a friend here who didn't drink and we were very disappointed to find out that you don't have it anymore.Great view, good service, tasty dumplings and reasonably priced drinks. I like that they keep the space open enough and the music has been pretty good all the nights we've found ourselves there. I hope they keep in down to earth for us Philadelphians as they have really skyrocketed in terms of popularity. It's a nicely done space without being overdone. Definitely do yourself a favor and go.
Minus one star for them closing Sept.29th- it should be weather pending.Amazing view during sunset and ample space, even during peak hours. The beer selection is okay, although I wish they would do drafts (so far they only seem to have cans). Food menu is a bit limited as well. However, it's well worth visiting for the views.Rooftop bar in a renovated vocational school in South Philly. They take credit card. Skyline is beautiful, prices for drinks are steep at $9-$10. Really friendly service, and mellow crowd up here. Definitely a good spot to just chill and relax.Absolutely loved it there! The view is amazing and the area is large. It was super busy on a Thursday early evening but ppl were coming and going so we were able to secure a good spot. Prices good although all they have is beer/wine (no fancy cocktails). Super neat place!Bok Bar is definitely a cool concept - it's a rooftop bar in South Philly on top of an old high school. You honestly wouldn't even know it's a bar by the layout of it which I think is cool - it definitely has a hipster vibe. You have to walk through the high school to get to the roof so it's cool to see the building itself before getting to the bar. 
The drinks are reasonably priced - I had gotten a spiked seltzer for about $5. 
If you're able to get there for sunset definitely do as it is such a great view of the city skyline, the night time views are just as beautiful tho!Have to admit, as an urban teacher, it was weird the first couple times drinking beer at a closed down high school in South Philly.
While its very existence(not to mention all the hipsters,young professionals, and other assorted Philly transplants that make up the majority of Bok Bar's patronage)screams gentrification, the view of Philly/Camden and the beer selection softens the blow...especially if you're going hard on their delicious beers ;) also, the staff is super friendly.It is a really cool spot, a little further away from center city but that's why the great views. They have only beer and wine and they may have their reasons but we are not beer or wine drinkers, that is why stayed for a short time. 
Cool place to bring a group of friends on a warm summer night. 
They do have yoga and hip hop classes on some weekdays. 
It should definitely be on your Philly summer to do list!1 year later, no longer a pop-up rooftop bar, and just as good as I remembered it.
I frequented Bok Bar's predecessor "Le Bok Fin" multiple times last year when it was still a pop-up spot, and was immediately a fan. The idea of an obsolete school building turning its rooftop into a bar was a fun and novel concept. I came here 3-4 times then and remember thinking "Oh man, I'm going to be so sad when this is gone after the summer" because I enjoyed my time here so much. Well, I'm glad that's no longer a concern because Bok Bar is here to stay this time.
Things that haven't changed: the chill/casual vibe, the unparalleled view of Center City skyline, the awesome restroom stalls that remind us how short we used to be as kids (when you stand up your head towers over the height of the restroom stall door). The friendly staff who provides personable and timely service w/ every order.
Things that feel different: the drink prices (I remember getting an entire bottle of wine for under 20 bucks, and looking at the menu this time they are in the $40-45 range), although still reasonable priced vs. other comparable bars in the city. The decor is nicer and more organized, but still spacious and unpretentious. The food menu: it has expanded to include multiple banhmi options, scallion pancakes, sesame balls, and etc.. The hours: now open until 2am on Fri/Sat nights instead of 11pm. I believe on week nights it still closes by 11pm but let's be real, the best time to come here, anyway, is right before sunset so you can soak in the view of this city in all of its glory.
1 year later, still a huge fan.One of the most scenic bars or places on beer gardens to drink at. Just being outside there was plenty more do. It was just perfect for relaxing enjoying beer and looking out to gather your thoughts I reflect on life. I loved there, I would definitely go back.Came here on a Friday evening right when they opened. You have to walk through the school to get to the roof top, which is really interesting. They have a pretty large selection of can/bottle beers but their wine selection is fairly limited. This is a great place to enjoy a drink while watching the sunset. I just wish they also offered draft beers.Without knowing the history or politics of the Bok Vocational High School, I am impressed with the commercial reinvention of this building, and the sprawling rooftop bar. There is one big bar and a secondary bar window for drinks and some decent bar snacks - chicken bites had good seasoning but could have used a few more seconds in the hot oil or perhaps hotter oil to get a better crust while maintaining moisture. If you and your friends can get a good spot to sit, this is a fantastic place to see all of Philadelphia and soak in the summer night air.A must in the city!  What appears to be an abandoned building is one of the best rooftop bars with an amazing view of the city. 
Know that there are bag checks and they will scan your id as you enter the bar. This bar has a wide range of customers which are dressed from causal attire to the most done up!  Ladies... don't wear a dress here... it can get dangerous with the gusty winds!Not disappointed by the venue - the panorama view of the city is just as stunning as I imagined! The patio itself is also very nice with some shaded seating areas and outdoor tables. My boyfriend and I also highly enjoyed the music selection - not too loud, very chill. I do think the food and drinks were a little pricey for what you got, but I guess you're paying for the view. That being said they've got a pretty good beer selection. The food was the best part - I loved the tofu banh mi and the coconut jackfruit popsicle.
My only complaints: One of the bartenders was very rude to us (but overall the staff is ok). It gets really crowded after 6:30-7. It's really much more beautiful and exclusive when there aren't people leaning against the balcony railing in front of your table and blocking your view.
Overall I had a great time, and I'd recommend going (earlier in the day rather than later!)The view! The view! I have been to a couple rooftop bars and this by far has the best view. Upon entering the girl checking ID was super sweet and funny. It's on the rooftop of an old school so entering high school memories came flooding back. I only took 1 stars off cause they only serve beer and wine, no cocktails or liquor and the food menu is very limiting. But service at the bar is friendly and quick. We stopped by on a Wednesday night and it was pretty good amount of people. The view is so beautiful and watching the sun set from here is perfect place to hang out with friends. Definitely will be back.Come here for the view! It's a great place to bring friends from out of town (especially as the sun goes down). Also, v cool that it's in an abandoned tech school. 5/5 for the aesthetic.
Food and drinks are just okay. Overpriced and nothing to write home about.
Would I recommend this place? Yes--especially with friends from outside the city. 
Would I get food here? No! Head to Passyunk for something good to eat.This is really as good as it gets. Bok Bar has set the benchmark for what a rooftop bar should be. Affordable drinks, Excellent music, Breathtaking view, Open space, Impeccable lighting. When you first step out of that service elevator to the 8th floor of the old Bok High School, you step into newly renovated floorboards, minimalistic decor and quite possibly the best view in the entire city.
If I ever have friends or family visiting the city and they're looking for a good night out, this is my number one recommendation. Words can't describe how great the view is. For a relaxing night out, taking pictures and having a good beer, nothing will beat Bok Bar.This! You want to go here for your pictures and instagrams of the city skyline during golden hour (usually half hour before and after sunset). Amazing view, interesting concept being on top of the original Bok School. You walk into the school and it looks like a city high school and then take the elevator to the 8th floor. Once you're up there you immediately see the view and it's breathtaking. I got the pineapple cider from the bar. Didn't get any food so I don't have any intel on that but they had an interesting menu which included gyros!School's back for summer!
Bok Bar forever!
Have you ever wanted to be a cool kid and explore around an abandoned building?
Bok Bar gives you the chance to be the rebel you've always dreamed of being! 
You can even tell your mom without getting grounded (given that you're 21+)! 
The view here is phenomenal and to be honest, what you come here for. I recommend coming a little before sunset so you can marvel at the panorama. 
I was excited that they had Vietnamese and Filipino cuisine for the 2016 season. I ordered sisig and turon, which were really just light bites (see figure 2 below). I'm Filipino and both of the dishes didn't cater to my palette - but my partner (who is not Filipino) enjoyed both dishes. I commend them for exposing Filipino dishes to the public and definitely think it's worth a try since we don't have any Filipino restaurants in Philly. On the other hand, get that pineapple cider!
Take notes y'all - Bok Bar is one of the best pop up bars in Philly.
**Note to the owner - please replace your plant selection. Ferns prefer low light and those little babies are dying in that summer sun.I'm literally in love with this place. It is an old high school. So at first it feels wrong walking in to grab a beer. There are staff to direct up to the rooftop. It has the best view of the city. Lots of seating and the music is awesome! Beer is around $6 a piece. Not bad for the amazing view! Can't wait to bring people here.The website needs the help of an expert English grammarian. In addition it'd helps if that grammarian has perfected the art art of diplomatic communication.I came here after hearing some great reviews from friends about the view and the atmosphere. I visited around 5:00 pm on a Thursday and overall, it was okay. 
To get to the rooftop, you go through the school and up the elevator. The guy checking IDs was awesome and the ride up was cool. Once you're at the rooftop, you'll notice that there's a lot of space with a great view of the city. 
As a heads up, this is a beer and wine only bar (I learned this after trying to order liquor) and they don't have any beer on draft. I ordered one of their beers, which comes in a can, for $8. For a beer that's served in its original can, it was pricey. My boyfriend and I then ordered some food. We got the fries and the chicken bites. For a $6 order of fries and an $8 order of chicken bites, the portion was tiny and there wasn't anything memorable about the food. 
Ultimately, you come to a place like Bok Bar for the unique view and atmosphere. This is great on a summer evening. I'm not a fan of the food or drinks but I'll probably come back on Sundays, which is dog-friendly.5 stars all the way. 5 stars for the magnificent view and the sooper dope school turned rooftop experience. Everything from entering the school, walking the hallways  to meet the bouncer and up the elevators is genius. Stumbled into this place on a quick trip to philly and experienced love at first site! The view at this place is breathtaking. Awesome staff, very friendly and helpful. 
Picture you...cup of rose in hand... sitting on a stool... nice sunset...overlooking the city.. feeling like your on top of the world!!! 
I will always drop in anytime I'm in the area and that's a promise! 
PS* check out the bathrooms, you'll feel like a giant!Amazing finds like this = one of the main reasons I LOVE Yelp. Where else would I have been able to discover an awesome rooftop bar on repurposed school in the middle of nowhere in Philly? Nowhere, that's where.
Breathtaking views. Ample amount of space and not too crowded, even on a Saturday night. Calm atmosphere with chill music, Bok is very low-key. It's a great place to start off the night before moving on to something more poppin' and lively.
No hard stuff available, just a few craft beers and some wine to choose from. But prices are surprisingly low considering the level of swank this place has.
To top it off, their food is off the chain. I ordered the tofu Bahn mi sandwich and wow, this ain't your typical cafeteria fare. Everything from the bread to the cilantro to the jalapeño was so fresh. Altogether it made a sandwich so tasty, I actually wanna go back just for that. Did I mention I live in North Jersey? Yeah. Frickin' props, Bok.
So yeah, this place is kind of a big deal. Absolutely worth driving into a random residential area of Philly to check out.The view is amazing, definitely bring your out of town friends here before going out.  There's a pretty large selection of wine and beer but it's definitely not the cheapest option in the area.Bok Bar is pretty freaking fantastic. Great view of Philly and amazing on nice nights. You can see the entire city. Who would have thought that you can do this with an old school. It's not fancy, but certainly a fun place to grab a drink with friends. Different, but fun. Instead of a bar or restaurant, it feels a bit like showing up for a basketball game. All of their drinks are canned. When I asked for a beer, I didn't expect it to be in a can. Guess it's much easier to do this, than bring heavy kegs to the roof top? It's not the best quality drinks, okay it works. 
Getting to the rooftop requires waiting for the elevator. It was quite warm on this night and super stuffy inside the elevator. Definitely no A/C in the elevator. It was also packed on the way up and on the way down. I'm sure it gets backed up on busier nights. They've recycled old school furniture for seating on the rooftop.Such a cool place to hang out at. On Sunday's it's family day where kids can go and pets. My daughter got the chicken salad today she loved it. Awesome place to look at the skyline and take pics. Sat at a chalkboard table which was fun. Hurry up people last day is September 29th.I think this place is kinda overrated. The view is nice, but it's such a pain in the ass to get to from CC. The bartenders automatically put a 20% tip on the iPad when you check out. No happy hour for drinks/food (wah). Just wine/beer/cider! Their music was great, and the chalkboard tables are a lot of fun. I'm glad I went, but I probably won't be back.I had a wonderful Sunday evening at Bok Bar! It is located on the rooftop of an now defunct South Philly elementary school (8th floor) and there is no cover. Sundays are nice because dogs (!!!) and children are allowed, giving it more of a laid back family vibe than on the other weekend nights. I got there around 7:45 to catch the 8:30 pm sunset and there was plenty of seating, including the very comfortable and fun reclining chairs. There was a mix of music types at a relaxing background music volume level that allowed you to comfortably hear people around you. Plenty of great spots for pics and the crowd I encountered was an incredibly yuppie population that was more than happy to take several photos for us from every angle. I didn't get food or drinks from here this time, but rather just went to enjoy the romantic and beautiful view. The spacious layout prevented you from feeling crowded and there was plenty of space to watch the sunset from behind the ledge instead of behind people. I honestly can't think of anything this place needs to improve, it was fabulous! Definitely recommending it to everyone. 5/5This place is way overrated. It is situated on the rooftop of a former school and you can see a view of Philly but that's the only single positive point about it. The food is finger food small bites and nothing to write home about. I ordered a falafel platter, a wine and a beer which totaled 30 bucks. The bartender automatically includes 20 percent tip just for opening a can and pouring wine into a clear plastic tiny cup. Total bill came to 36 bucks after tip was added on without my permission. You pick up your own small bites aka food as they call it off to the side of the bar station. For a 20 percent tip added on without asking permission , you would expect them to deliver it to your table right ? I absolutely will NOT return. If you are looking for quality restaurant food you will not find it here , so keep your expectations low and have a great time. Otherwise , check out other places around town as there are plenty !!!!Great Bar with a great view. Everyone should check this place out. Good drink list lots of choices. My friends say the food is great too. Staff is very attentive. Plenty of room to sit and stand.What can I say, any bar that requires you to enter through the front door of a school is an automatic 4 stars in my book. 
Atmosphere: Doesn't get any better than the Bok Bar (BEST VIEW OF THE CITY) 
Drink selection: 4 out of 5
Food: on paper, the limited food menu looks terrific.. unfortunately, in reality, that doesn't ring true. We ordered the veggie dumplings (6 dollars) and veggie tacos (11 dollars). Both items were mediocre at best. The tacos were incredibly overpriced considering they were smaller than the dumplings (in what world is this possible?!?). 
Final Reccomendation: GO! eat some food before you do so and if you get hungry once your there, leave the bar and walk to La Rosa for a slice of the best pizza in the city.I have visited Bok Bar several times in the past and had loved the view and atmosphere. I thought this would be a great place to enjoy my birthday with 18 guests. Upon arriving, I was barred from entering for having 12 cupcakes. We asked to speak to the manager, who was too busy to come downstairs, so we were greeted by a condescending security manager calling me "cake boss." 
Eventually, we spoke with the manager, Morgan, who stated "you would never show up to a restaurant with cake, why would you come here with that, this is a restaurant." I have never had an issue in any restaurant in Philadelphia bringing cake or cupcakes for a birthday, have you? Especially when the restaurant, or in this case, food stand offering 3 types of snacks, doesn't offer dessert. This was such a bizarre and patronizing response. Some places require a plating fee, which I had offered to pay but the manager refused. The general manager also gave us the same script. I've never been treated so rudely as a customer. We were not even offered any alternative to the situation.
Bok, you should definitely consider a plating fee in the future. 
If you want to experience a beautiful view with friends, I'd suggest checking out Cira Green or SkyGarten.
After this ordeal, we ended up going to Garage South where the staff was very kind and allowed us in with our birthday treats. Garage is great for groups and offers ski ball and billiards. 
I will never return to Bok bar after this experience.Love this cool laid back spot. Great view of The city and they have some yard games as well. On Sundays they let you bring your dog which is always really cute to see and it's a good spot for families as well. It's too bad this place is only open in the summerHad a severe allergic reaction to their dumplings. Left a few voicemails over the week to find out the ingredients. They don't even have the human decency to call me back and let me know what's in their food. Ridiculous.Hands down my favorite bar simply for the atmosphere. The city view is amazing and their beer selection is small but there's enough to find something good to drink. Get there early as it fills up and can have a wait. I've not tried their food yet so my 5 stars is the result of the excellent views.Eat before or after, but not at BOK. The food/snaks last year were ok, not fantastic but good enough. This year, not, not at all.  Fryed to death falafel, water logged flavorless pickled veggies, tasteless fryed pitas. The chicken bites were ok'ish, but they were fracking chicken bites. Fantastic view, nice crowd, good beer, reasonable priced, go.... just don't eat.Bar is a 5/5.  Food is standard pub fare with a Mediterranean twist.  Come here to get your drank on, and for a couple bites.  Great views during the day and night.Wow totally loved this place. The view was amazing ! Went on a Friday night so it was relatively crowded but nothing to turn us away. The beer wine and alcohol selection was great. I was able to find a gluten free choice which was a plus ! The vibe was great and the servers were very attentive. Will be back for sure !I would give this place 5 stars if it stayed open through the fall season and had a more extensive menu. I still don't understand why they close the last week of September every season -- this would be the place everyone came until end of November. It has the best view of the entire city, no where can beat this view. They bartenders are so friendly and always have wonderful recommendations for their revolving seasonal drink menu. One Sunday, they had Questlove doing a surprise pop up 8 hour set which was one of the best days... they need more unique events like this with live music! Hopefully one day they may be a venue that's opened all the time!Great place, amazing view, quality food. Was there once in September and will definitely be coming back. Good for hanging out with friends and romantic date.The view from the Bok is outstanding and the interactions I had with the staff was pleasant. I didn't find the atmosphere to be all that great, to be honest. The beer selection is all craft brew which is cool but some people just want a miller lite without being laughed at. Getting up to the bar can take a few minutes due to the only having one elevator in operation. Probably won't visit here in the near future.This place is such a find! I heard about it and thought it was going to be underwhelming, but it was really sweet and such a different experience than any other rooftop bar. It's in an old school, so the aesthetic is very "saved by the bell" as my friend coined it. The beers are responsibly priced and we found there was plenty of room (this was on a Thursday). The bathrooms are a major throwback with short stalls and all, which adds to the funky appeal. Really looking forward to making this place a go-to with friends that are visiting that want a taste for the non- traditional locations for rooftop bars. It's pretty incredible to have a full, uninterrupted view of the entire skyline!The view is absolutely incredible and makes this place a must try (at least once). I've been here several times over the past few seasons it has been open and every single time I am blown away by the view no matter if it's daytime or night time. If this review were about the view only it would easily be five stars. However, it is a bar and therefore there is more to comment on then just the view. The drinks are a bit overpriced and I find the selection limited seeing as how they do not offer cocktails/liquor drinks just beer and wine. Depending when you come you may have to wait in a line but that is to be expected with this type of venue. They have lots of seating options and is a great place to go with a group of friends or just that special someone.
AGAIN THE VIEW IS AMAZING!!! If nothing else at least try it out just for the view!Love love love this place. Wonderful atmosphere and people. You can order beer or wine by the bottle. View is spectacular and especially during the sunset. The décor is simple but you get to see all of Philly !I went to Bok Bar for the first time tonight, and I went for the Thursday Hip-hop yoga class! It was amazing!!! The yoga class was exceptional (kudos to the teacher) and the view was great! I got there on time, and the group of us got to sit near each other. The class was also free! (Or pay as you go). We were able to get drinks after the class and that was also great. If it wasn't for the rain, we would have stayed longer. But I'll definitely be back!Very cool place, it is on the roof of an old Philly school. You walk into this school  and go up the elevator to the roof! Amazing view of the city! There's a bar and also some food items. The place was popping.So, this place has a fabulous view of Philadelphia skyline (the best I've ever experienced), unpretentious and pleasant atmosphere, and a reasonable selection of beer. It's an amazing place to spend a relaxed afternoon or evening with friends.
So how does it manage to score only three stars? This is how: They have those nifty little card readers that put 20% Tip as the default tip. Yes, there is a "No Tip" option that might as well read "jerk", and then the next one is 18%, and up and up, well into high twenties. So you click on, say, 20%. What does that 20% get you? They'll open *a can* of beer for you at the bar counter and then send you to wait in a line for your food for 5-15 minutes. They'll also have run out of half of their food and drinks menu by 7PM on a weekend (it wasn't too crowded, mind you) and they'll also get your order wrong so you can wait some more while they fix it (happened to both me and my friend). Oh yes, they'll also clean up the plates and trash -- once per day, when they are ready to close. Never before. All of this is fine for a beer garden. It's a relaxed place to sip beer and enjoy the view. But it also does not get an astronomical tip. I don't think so.
This came on top of valet guys trying to scare us into using valet parking even though the street parking was perfectly fine on Sunday. Altogether the place seriously needs to move away from nickel-and-diming. In the meantime people should absolutely go and enjoy this fantastic addition to the Philly scene, while probably also being ready to click on "No Tip" and perhaps leaving a buck if they feel opening a can is worth that much.As you probably know, the Bok Bar is a bar on the roof of an old school. When you first walk in you show ID, then you line up to wait for the elevator. The day we went was a rainy one so the line wasn't too bad; but I can see how it the line can get backed up on a busier day with the infrequent elevator. 
The views were fantastic of course; we loved the way they up-cycled a lot of old school furniture for their seating. Although it was cold and rainy when I went, I still enjoyed myself and I am not a huge fan of crowds so I preferred having the roof to ourselves! 
The bar wasn't anything special; you order a beer and they give you a can with no glass. It is still a great experience looking at philly, and I can only imagine how romantic it might be if you time it perfectly to watch the sunset!We enjoyed our experience at Bok Bar. It was fun walking through the school on our way to the elevator. We didn't mind waiting because of the novelty of the experience, but I can see how this would get old on a routine basis. The views at the top are phenomenal, especially at sunset. If you come here looking for a cool spot with decent food at drink (nothing out of the ordinary) you will have a great time. I would love to see how they can continue to use the rest of the building in future... for example, that night they had rented out the gym for a wedding reception -how cool! 
I also love how this bar is drawing people to this south philly neighborhood they probably wouldn't have traveled to before. If you want some amazing food after your roof top happy hour, try some of the nearby local spots!Such a great panoramic view of Philadelphia you can see everything from center city building to the Ben Franklin bridge! 
Definitely a must see as a Philly native and visitor. Drinks and food is reasonably priced, music was mainly 90s to main stream. Who would have thought a random high school would have this view. I liked that there were plenty of seats and room to stand if you wanted. The bathrooms are small and the doors to the stalls are short, it's a little awkward but everyone laughs it off. Also there is a little wait when there's too many people on the roof. Other than that, whoever thought to made this place a bar kudos to you.I've never been to any place like Bok Bar.
Just to explain to explain why - the bar is on the top floor of basically an abandoned high school. How cool is that?? You enter the school and actually have to walk through the halls and onto an elevator to reach the 8th floor. Also, the bathroom is a high school locker room which just felt creepy.
When I walked in I brought outside food, bouncer was cool in letting me not throw it out and in helping me "stash" away my food like I was bringing drugs into a school.
Coming from New York, you can get a view of the skyline from just about anywhere. However, getting the Philly skyline view from Bok Bar just feels different. I don't know where else in Philly you can get a skyline view but I believe it will be hard to beat Bok Bar. The pictures I took really don't do the skyline justice!
The bar is very minimalistic as it has floor boards, a couple chairs and tables, and small canopies to sit in. It's very simple on the eyes. Also, the floor from end to end is deceivingly big. 
I was lucky to come on a weekend night in which wasn't crowded at all and I got stand and lean on the edge to take in the view.
The drink menu includes a small selection of wine and beer for an affordable price.
Truely an awesome experience, and won't be surprised to see more of these types of places pop up in the Philly area.I love rooftop bars. I love rooftop bars so much that I want to shout it off a rooftop bar.
Bok Bar is that rooftop bar in Philly.
After the security check, walking through the old school, waiting in line, and riding in the not-great elevator, you think to yourself, "What is this again? What have I gotten myself into?"
BUT THEN. The elevator opens up, you walk up to the bar, and immediately you exclaim (eyes wide), "Wowwww." Stunning, expansive view of Philly, and really well done set-up. During the day it's beautiful, during the night it's gorgeous. It makes you feel grateful to be alive and feel like the world is full of possibilities.
The drinks are decent and the food is also decent (though the portions are small), but really anything is nice here.
Sadly, it is closed for the season, but I can't wait until it opens back up so that I can experience the magic of Bok Bar again.I can't believe I only discovered this place and it's closing for the season soon! What a beautiful view and relaxing vibe. The beers are all in cans and they do have some food options..fries and chicken nuggets. The fries had a really good seasoning on them too! 
After a while, i went and checked out Irwin's which is the opposite side of the rooftop. It was a bit more high end and they served the drinks in glasses. There was a lot more food options though didn't try anything. I liked both places a lot and hopefully will go more next summer!Bok has an absolutely fantastic view of the city, great drinks, and a comfortable atmosphere. I wish there were more places like this in Philly. It reminds me of bars I go to in Dallas! Sundays are the best because families and dogs can come in! I can't wait to go back.Good beer. Yummy snacks. Amazing view. 
Sat atop an old school this is an amazing use of space that I hope returns next year. 
Both food and drink are served at "take away" Windows.   Beer on one side and food on the other. The food comes out very quickly (the scallion pancakes were delicious and came with a spicy dipping sauce). 
While you are only 8 stories up it provides for an amazing view of center city, especially to watch the sun set. (So so many selfies are taken...make a game and see how many you can photobomb). 
The staff was really nice. 
The bathrooms will totally give you flashbacks to elementary school!As other reviewers have mentioned, this is a great place to bring your out-of-town guests for a quick overview of the city, then to leave after about 10 minutes. 
5-stars for the view. You just can't beat walking out of that elevator and seeing the panorama of the city appear before you, night or day. 
2-stars for the clientele after sunset. Boozy college kids, or yuppies I suppose. Gemme out of that elevator. 
3-stars for the clientele on Sundays. (Dogs n' kids better than the yuppies.)
1-star for the drinks. $10 for a 1/4 glass of wine. Keeps me honest!
5-stars for the fact you can just see the view and leave and not buy a drink. 
I appreciate the mist-makers in the hot weather, and the many seating options.3 stars is for the the pretty awesome view and vibe, and decent beer list. Would have been 4 stars for any type of friendly service, would have been 5 with at least average food.
Come here for the view, possibly a first stop on a date or before dinner, but that's about it. The people at the bar were pretty rude and could not be bothered to deal with you except to get your money, (which when the bartenders rudely slide the Ipad back to you to sign, they default themselves to a 20% tip...for them to just open your can of beer and not make eye contact). 
I probably would not order anything to eat here again. The fries were not any better than McDonald's quality, and had sesame seeds on them? If this was on purpose...its weird and does nothing...and if it was by accident...well... I realized you don't come here for food. But if they did at least 5 items that were good...it would serve them well. 
The hummus is more texture of applesauce than actual hummus...and the "pitas" are more like baked soft taco shells.This place is amazing... great views offering Philadelphia skyline and a cool location to hang out with friends and loved ones. Vibrant crowd and packed druing the weekends. There could be a line to wait like any other rooftop lounge as they allow more people to come inside if people move outI just went to Bok Bar with a friend on Sunday evening. It was very enjoyable and pleasant atmosphere that you wouldn't expect from a converted rooftop, once abandoned public school. 
I would get there on the early side if you are driving there. However I do recommend Public transportation or walking as parking is an issue.Best view of Philly absolutely. They have this hands down. It's hard to see the city when you are actually in the midst, you wind up looking out at the 'burbs. Limited drink menu beer & wine which is not bad. Not sure I want anyone getting to crazy at that height. I only had the scallion pancakes which weren't. They were more like scallion pillows. Pretty good but not what I expected. I need to try more of the menu to give a better read. Not sure if this is going to be a seasonal place or not. I can't see everyone outside in the brutal winter view or not.The view on the rooftop is cool, and the staff is always friendly.  It would be great if they had cocktails, too.They took over the rooftop of an abandoned school and turned it into a rooftop beer garden! There are a couple other places within the building for food or drinks as well but BOK BAR has the amazing panoramic view of the city!
WINE AND BEER only and a couple food options as well 
There was plenty of seating when I came but I can see this place getting crowded when everyone is in town and the weather is awesome 
NOTE: there's a parking lot across the street for the building5 stars for the view, 1 star for the super small portions, small pours of wine and way overpriced menuVIEWS: SUMMER SIXTEEN. Drake really summed up Bok Bar with his latest album. It offers reasonably priced drinks (around $6 for a can of cider of a bottle of beer) with a decent selection of apps as well. The view really cannot be beat. Located on the roof of an old (no longer used) middle school, Bok Bar shows you all of Center City from a beautiful vantage point in South Philly. I would highly recommend for a fun, relaxed evening with friends.AMAZINGGG view & delicious food. Definitely a hidden gem.I love this place! It's definitely worth going for the view but go early because it can get super packed!I almost don't want to review Bok Bar because that means more people will want to go and I want to keep it to myself. But I will!!
First of all, Bok Bar is in an old high school which sounds weird, and kind of is, but in a very cool, unique way. You get carded downstairs and then head up to the bar in a huge elevator. All part of the experience. 
Then the bar itself is a perfect rooftop view of the city. Like, almost cried because of how beautiful it was at sunset, perfect rooftop view. 
And they have decent happy hour deals/fairly inexpensive drinks to begin with. Lots of beer, lots of wine...what more could you ask for?!
If you are for some reason not satisfied or are perfectly satisfied and just want more food than Bok Bar can offer, literally right across the hallway is Irwin's, which is delicious.The views are enough to give this place 5 stars however, I just think their food could be a little bit better! The hummus was blah- needed some garlic or some sort of flavoring other than tahini! They are very strict about mask wearing and you are not allowed to stand up and take pictures like you normally would. It was beautiful regardless!Best rooftop bar in the city! Beautiful panoramic view of the city from West Philly to the Ben Franklin and over into Camden. My first visit here, I walked out, and my jaw dropped! I'd advise a daytime/ sunset visit! It's a great view at night, but during the day, it's "wow!" 
Drinks generally range from $5-8, a consisting a handful of craft beer cans, a small selection of wines and cocktails; not a full bar, but enough to wet the whistle. I loved the music, a mix of good dance hits and top 40's, but nobody really dances (that didn't stop me, tho - heyyyyyyyyyyy). I wouldn't plan to spend an entire evening here, but it's a solid joint to start your night, or a great place for a date.
Parking is AWESOME! There's a free lot specifically for Bok Bar patrons on Mifflin St between 8th & 9th, and there's plenty of free street parking nearby too. 
My biggest complaint is that the area immediately around here is kind of a dead zone in regards to other bars, restaurants, and nightlife. There are other joints in South Philly, but be prepared for a little bit of walk. 
This isn't a place I'd frequent super regularly, but it's definitely worth a visit!Come for the view and vibes, but not for the food. That was my experience as my first visit last night. 
The food was highly disappointing last night. The wings were tasty, but honestly $14 for 5 wings is really pushing it. I was legitimately surprised when the fries came out. For  $13 frozen french fries with a little cheese whiz, tiny portions. 
But honestly, don't let that stop you from coming. Their drink prices are fair with beers and seltzers averaging from $6-10, cocktails roughly $10-12. The experience, one of the best views of the entire city in itself, is entirely worth your while to come check this rooftop bar out. 
Would I return? Absolutely. I think this is a beautiful spot to enjoy some good times, soak in the views and enjoy some nice cold drinks on the roof. I absolutely will return and bring out of town guests as well. The building itself is very interesting, a former high school which now houses not only Bok, but a number of other businesses within the same building. I would heed caution with ordering food though... although from what I know they rotate the menu and offerings.This rooftop bar was my most interesting find of the year.  When I think of a rooftop bar I typically envison a fancy setting where they only let a few people in at a time, this is the opposite. It appears to be a converted old high school building (I asked the bouncer in charge of letting people in if this was the case and he relied it is now home to more then 180 independent businesses ~ I didn't really follow but ahhh point of the paragraph is its a unique spot and vibe for sure.
The bar is definitely not fully stocked but it just works for this place, feels like a neighborbood chill spot where you MAY be able to actually meet people unlike Morgan's Pier where I feel everyone is in their own clique.
The food from the pictures looks unique and delish as well. I did not get to try but looked affordable and small dishes by design. 
Not sure the next time I will be out this way to try Bok again but highly recommend if your looking to experience something different than your typical sports bar.
As always people SYOY!!!First time here and it the over all experience was one like never had before! 
Amazing views of Philadelphia. The vibes on the roof top were relaxing and fun. There was free parking in front of the school which was awesome. Being in an abandoned school makes th experience well worth it. It was so different and (kinda creepy) but.. once you get to the top its great. There is only one elevator up to the roof top so it can get a bit crowded if there is a lot of people there. Nice place to hangout for drinks with an awesome view. I do believe that they hold other events there too, they had a lot of postings through out the school and in the elevator. 
Make sure you go on a day where the weather is perfect because we went after a rain storm that happened in the morning and we went later that night but they closed the rooftop due to the weather.This bar is amazing. The best part about it is the view and cool high school vibes. The problem was the rude staff. They do not let you take a picture or get close to the side of the bar with a view because you would be in a tables 'bubble,' which is entirely incorrect. There was ample space at least 7 feet or more of space between a table and where you can stand to take a picture. There is a particular red headed (balding) man who was especially rude to us twice and wouldn't let us take a picture after asking very nicely. I would never speak to anyone the way he did. If he is going to talk to customers, especially after spending 150 dollars for 3 people, he should not work there. I am all about social distancing and following guidelines, but this is just above and beyond and definitely hurting your business. I will maybe return next year, hopefully there will be different rules and different employees.Bok Bar is always a great spot especially for sunset! Getting into the actual building is a struggle if you don't know where youre going so allow extra time for that! Once you're inside though it's an awesome feel. You go to the eighth floor and see the city skyline! Best view in the South Philly! 
They take reservations and hold them for 15 minutes if you are running late! They also take walk-ins but that's slightly more risky.
Bok Bar always has a great drink menu and food that changes every now and again. I follow them on Instagram to stay up-to-date with their menu options.
This time around they had food from Strong Roots 9 (Gullah Cusine). The rice fritter was amazing! Very flavorful and filling. The beer bread and feta was delicious and even went well with the fritter. The goobers were soaked in brine and served chilled. They were soggy and not easy to eat. Definitely not my favorite thing but worth is $2 try!Great for scenic views, cheap drinks and taking a deep breath while being above the world. I have been a Philly resident since Bok was a school and uncovering this new gem was a treat. I was excited to see the full view of the city from a different angle but also there's plenty of seating and good ambient music. Pretty romantic for a date or chill enough to have conversations with friends.Jealousy. Envy. Bitterness. These are all of the feelings I felt when I heard about this place. WHY CAN'T I HAVE A PLACE LIKE THIS BACK HOME? I love South Florida....but seriously....this concept in BPB would be AMAZING.
First off...let's start with the fact this place was a school at one point. Elementary school I assume judging by the size of the stalls in the men's room. Yeah, they kept basically everything in tact. We even saw some school desks scattered throughout.
We walk in - and get IDs checked. I almost want to knock off a star because they don't have the bouncers wearing patrol belts (http://thumbs.worthpoint.com/zoom/images1/1/0413/12/vintage-aaa-school-safety-patrol_1_18199e48d2919208bfe177e8bfc14f9b.jpg) That would be a dope attention to detail lol. Just kidding, I could never give this place less than 5 stars. Let me continue telling you why and weave my obnoxious school jokes into this review...
This isn't college so there's no cost for admission. There's no cover charge.  (see what I did there?) We piled in and took the elevator up to the roof. That's where the party is. Yea, that's like the most traditional joke that seniors played on freshmen. "Have you checked out the pool? It's on the roof, but only seniors have a key for the elevator." --- actually we found out about this place from strangers on the street (read Jonathan T's review for deets on that) and when they said it was on the roof of a school, I wanted to tell them to go screw themselves and not to prank the tourists. Luckily they had an unspoken bond with Jon and didn't lie to us.
So you get off the elevator and turn to your left. There, before your eyes....a beautiful view of Philly. Shiny lights, a nice breeze. It was unreal.
The are only serving beer and wine (I'm guessing a liquor license is harder to get) but they had a great selection of craft beers - just $5 a pop - that I really enjoyed. The cafeteria staff - err bar staff - was super sociable and eager to talk about the new spot. They had only been open a few weeks, and they all seemed pumped to work there.
We spent a few hours here and it was a really nice time chatting with some of my closest friends, enjoying a locally crafted beer, in one of the most unique venues I've ever been in. For a second there I considered the reason we were all together in Philly. The sadness of the situation...and then was able to smile a bit knowing we were all in it together. It's easily one of my favorite memories - regardless of the unfortunate circumstances that brought us together.
I hope I can see all my friends in homeroom next year. Fingers crossed.I had heard a lot of good things about this bar but was really wowed by the whole experience. Definitely worth a visit. We watched a beautiful sunset and all of the cocktails were dreamy! I would recommend the "Golden Hour" for any gin drinkers. The menu highlights some philly locally made products, black-owned, woman-owned, and LGBTQIA+ own companies. We will have to go back for a live music event!Loved Bok Bar - it's in the Bok building in South Philly and is the only rooftop bar in the area with beautiful views of the city. Drinks were good and they have a rotating menu! Would definitely recommend visiting.So hard not to start with the amazing ambiance but let's talk about the waffles first!  Omg, delicious! Frozen or not, that's probably why we had to patiently wait in the line wrapped around the block.  The hype is real and I'll never go to another waffle roof top as long as Bok Bar is in business.  Only complaint is they should be open 24/7!!True story: I LOVED school. From Kindergarten to college, I never wanted it to end. Walking into Bok Bar, I had all the nostalgic feels. Even in the bathrooms with the tiny doors that my 5'1 self could see over, I was smitten. 
So yes, Bok Bar is located on the rooftop of an old school. After getting our IDs checked at the door, we made our way to wait for the elevator which led us up to the rooftop. With breathtaking views of the Philadelphia skyline, plenty of seating, and a couple of easily accessible bars, how can you complain? 
They offer a wide selection of affordable beer and wine, as well as a smattering of Asian eats that we didn't have a chance to try (think bánh mì). There was also a cute shop near the elevator we didn't have the chance to check out, but I'd imagine this building will soon be bustling with all sorts of fun things! 
If I'd live in Philly, I'd definitely hang out here ALL. THE. TIME. Get there now before the crowds really descend!As an educator, walking through an old, abandoned school brings up lots of feelings. However, by the time I reached the eighth floor and had a drink, those feelings were quelled for the time being.
Bok is a beautiful outdoor space with a view that goes on for miles. You can see the Ben Franklin Bridge and the iconic Philly skyline at the same time. This is possibly the best view in the city.
The space is large with small tables scattered throughout. They have huge bar service windows with friendly bartenders, so you won't really have to wait in long lines for a drink. For food, it's more on the snacky side - we had a banh-mi and it was pretty tasty. 
Go here before they close for the season - you won't regret it!Bok Bar is the best. Really friendly bartenders, amazing view, casual vibe. This is the perfect place to go when you want a night out but not in a dancey loud bar. The view is unbeatable in Philly! I wish there were a way that Bok Bar could be open year round because it's one of my absolute favorite places to go in Philly.The only reason I gave this place 1 Star was because our waiter was very nice. Don't come here if you want to have funMy sister made reservations at Bok Bar for 5pm. We checked in at the bottom floor and then stood in line for the elevators. Once we arrived to the top floor, Bok Bar was to the right of the elevators. 
Bok Bar totally has a cool concept though. I'll give it that. I believe Bok building was formerly a school, but the rooftop has been repurposed to establish a rooftop bar (Bok Bar) and an Italian restaurant (Irwin's). 
Bok Bar also stayed true to the school theme. The seating area, for example, was comprised of legit school desks and chairs. It was cute for a second, but then the gimmick got old fast when I realized that we were being served $14 drinks out of small, plastic Dixie cups and $10 mushroom and rice fritters out of paper state fair trays. Not only were the drinks overpriced, but they were full of ice. 
With that said, Bok Bar isn't my favorite rooftop bar in Philadelphia. It has some of the best views of the city, but that's all you're really paying for - not so much great quality food or drinks.The views here are great. 
The drink menu is limited to only cans, bottles, and whatever premixed cocktail they have on hand. When I go to a bar I like having a nice cool refreshing draft beverage. Something I could not just go to the corner store and pick up myself. The blood orange spiked soda is probably my favorite drink on their menu. I highly recommend it. 
The kitchen area for whatever pop up restaurant they are hosting is super limited. The food portions are tiny. I would not recommend trying to come here for a meal. 
This place is cool for grabbing and drink and enjoying the view. 
Hard pass on their food.You are really paying for the views, the drinks are small, and the food servings are tiny. I would also recommend you check the weather before. We came on a cold, windy night and they had no outdoor heaters or anything to keep us warm. The food was cold as soon as they brought it out to us and the drinks were iced, so that did not heelp. It was hard to enjoy the views when we were freezing.I've read all these good things about Bok Bar and had to see it for myself. We stopped by for pre-dinner drinks last week and loved it. The view of the city from the roof is stunning. There is so much space up there, and tables are spread a good distance apart. It is a very nice place to hang out, drink, and enjoy the views.
Drinks wise, the cocktails are pretty weak. I would recommend sticking with the beer selection. You are also required to order food, but an order of fries or chips for the table to share is perfectly fine.
I also loved that our server kept coming by to check on us to see if we would like more drinks. I was completely expecting Morgan's Pier type of service, so this was really great.
The only thing that sucks is finding street parking in the area. It can be a bit of a pain.It was a sunny afternoon and I thought...Hmmmm-South Philly is not my usual destination-then I remembered I bookmarked the 'Bok Bar'!  I was pleasantly surprised to see how large the rooftop area was with plenty of seating--that doesn't mean you shouldn't arrive early because it gets crowded quickly!  This is a couples; friends and family type of venue--I say this because I don't want anyone to call 'child services' when they see 'babies at the bar'!  Yes--babies..Lol 
Now--they have finger food and overpriced drinks--but remember--The View...The View...The View is why you are here!   
I appreciate the repurposed spaces that are being utilized by artisans and entrepreneurs-it is a great concept that I hope inspires other developers around the city!Amazing views perfect for warm summer days! The drinks and food here are definitely a little pricey (around $6-$8 on average for a can of beer) but it's a nice place to visit at least once to get those amazing photos of the philly skyline.Bok Bar is my favorite bar in the city for low key drinks with friends mostly because of its insane view. You just can't beat Bok's view of the Philly skyline and it's definitely worth getting there early to watch the sunset (plus you'll beat the line). The bar offers a great selection of drinks (reasonably priced at $6/$7 for beers and ciders) and a solid food menu too. 
The bathrooms are hysterical--you can see right over the stalls! I guess that's the charm of drinking in a converted school building?Since it's a bar, I was expecting more drink options especially cocktail drinks. The food was terrible; the meat was hard with no flavor and really greasy. To top it off the service was horrible. The app to place your order working and even after asking the server not once did they came to our table to ask us what we wanted to order or if we were okay. They only good thing about this bar is the amazing view. I will not be coming back or recommending it to my family and friends.While I really love the concept and rooftop location of this bar, the drink options and food were underwhelming. The drink options are fairly limited and the pour of wine for 9.5 was smaller than expected. For food: fries were the highlight, corn and lamb burger were ok, and the fried rice was not good at all. The rice wasn't what was expected: it was unseasoned black rice with a sprinkle of edamame and pineapple. 
The waitstaff was super attentive, the view was incredible and it was located in an old school which was so cool.This is the shittiest Place I've ever been to. The bouncer are all ASSHOLES, the drinks are watered down, and the bouncers are actual fuckheads who are uneducated. Losers. These people are literally a joke-I used to live in Los Angeles and this place wouldn't survive a week in LA fuck all these bitchesI'm giving it three because the experience was fun, and the view was beautiful. The waitress was nice but she didn't really come to the table a lot. I think once she came after our food and that was all. The ambiance was nice BUT the lantern flies are DISGUSTING. Out of this world infested. They were flying all over and smeared all over the deck. 2 even flew onto my friends face and hair. They need to do something about this. Like a spray or some sort barrier. It took the joy out because of how bad they were and how anxious we were sitting there.Rented a newly available private space for a party of about 150 people. Unfortunately getting in touch with the manager was very difficult (He was extremely slow at responding to emails and returning calls). Against all odds everything came together though. Had a bouncer at the door to only let people from our party enter the southern deck. Had a private bar that was staffed. Could also use one of the bars on the other side for food and drink orders and it all went to a tab. Fried rice bowl was good but "Tacos" were not that great. Kitchen also got extremely backed up and people were waiting for an hour, or just not allowed to order. View from the south side isn't as nice as the north and you don't get as great of a view of sunset but not being in the crowded side on a Saturday night was fantastic. Price was very reasonable. Would do it again.This rooftop bar had stunning views, and was in a cool historic building from FDR's Public Works Administration as a former vocational school.
There were some small eats and drinks, but note that they don't have a fully stocked bar, you just get what's on the menu! I had the Blood Orange Italian Hard Soda, and it was great. Our waiter suggested the Cuban Meat Hand Pie and that was also delicious.
Our server was awesome and super attentive, and even gave us some iPhone tips for taking better group pictures.My friends and I decided to attend a drag brunch here. The queens were so fun but we were disappointed when we didn't hear any Gaga or WAP. The food was OK as well. They always have dinner food places come in so it's different most of the time. My friend got the funnel cake French toast and she said it was good but it didn't come with syrup. My other friend got the salad and it just looked so sad (see image).To wit:  
Formerly, Le Bok Fin was, arguably, voted one of the best rooftop bars in the city.
Currently Bok Bar, still has good ground to be, not just one of, but THE best rooftop bars in the city. Why, you ask? 
a) Phenomenal Philly skyline view. Just bring your Camera & creativity and get great shots.
b) Relaxed atmosphere and not too obnoxious crowd (relatively). You may meet interesting people to chat with for couple of hours. ( Nando F agree?)
c) Surprisingly reasonable prices. 
Summer's not over just yet.  Make sure you check Bok Bar out; if you haven't already:-)
Four and Half Yelps.Fun rooftop bar in Philadelphia. Took an Uber here but the free parking lot seemed to have enough spots. Small drink menu but great place to catch amazing views and relax with friends. There's plenty of room for everyone and it didn't feel cro
wded.Amazing views. Staff is a bit rude, the food is a bit bland, and the drinks are a bit over priced. Nice mobile paying set up.My first question to you is, why haven't you been here already? 
My gosh this place is too cute.  How cool is it to be reminded of high school, but now you dont have to sneak to the rood to drink beer, your ALLOWED to go to the roof and drink beer.  
Some advice for going here: 
1. Arrive before 8:30pm.  I met a few friends here this past weekend and there was an notable difference between arriving at 8:15 and 8:35 because the line begins to grown at 8:30 and it'll be a 20-45 minute wait to get on the elevator to go up. Also, you have to be there to catch the sunset, it's wonderful! 
2. Eat before hand.  The food here is not hardy at all and you will notice that people become super drunk here quickly probably because there are no real food options.  This isn't a bad thing because who wants a full meal here, but just letting you know. 
3. Buy the bottle.  We got a two cups of rosé, which came out to 16 bucks.  A whole bottle came out to $30 and there are more than 4 cups in that bottle. Fiscally, it makes sense! 
4. Be mindful in the ladies bathroom.  You will literally be looking another woman in the face as you relieve yourself because the stall walls are so short.  It's awkward at first but then it's just downright silly haha 
5. The music is not thumping.  This is a bar you want to go to if you want to talk to your friends and be able to hear them.  There are like 2-4 speakers that play music that you can barely hear when you are not near them (i.e. at one of either bars at the sides of the venue).  Don't expect to come here and dance, because you will be dancing with the 5 people who are brave enough to dance alone next to a speaker.  So, if you are expecting a lounge, this isn't your place, but it's still fun. 
6. There are not many seats.  Ladies (and gentlemen) please do not wear your highest heels here expecting to be able to sit down because seating is SUPER limited.  I came here at 8:30 and left at 12:30 didn't find a seat the whole time.  
This is a great place and a must visit for everyone in Philadelphia.  You wont see a view like this anywhere else in this city!Old highschool spot and looks like one from the entrance .... But u come to this venue for the VIEWS, incredibly rooftop views while sipping a rose with some non-fancy eats on their old school highschool chairs.
I just love it. But the most annoying thing is everyone is taking a selfie or a picture on for their Gram.This place is nice and the drinks are nice. But I'm only giving this place 1 star because they do not care about human safety. There are no stairs that they allow you to use because they claim that there is not enough security to regulate the stairs. I hope the PFD come check this place and make them change the way they operate to ensure all their customer's safety.One of the best rooftop bars Philly has to offer! Seriously!
Bok Bar is in an old abandoned school. There was a little confusion about where to enter upon arriving at the building. Once we got in, we were told to get in the elevator and push the top button titled "views." And let me tell you - the button was very appropriately titled. Bok Bar most definitely has one of the best views of Philadelphia (and South Jersey too).
The atmosphere was great - the minimalistic decor and soft music playing in the background made for a very relaxed vibe. Bok Bar has two large bars with a nice selection of beer and wine. Prices are reasonable - beer is about $6 and under and wine is between $7-9. They also have an extensive selection of small bites. We opted to skip this and try the lychee and coconut popsicles instead. It was nothing short of amazing (note: there were chunks of fresh fruit inside... yum!). Very refreshing on a hot summer day.
Definitely check out Bok Bar this summer... You won't regret it!Another year and still the best bar in philly! The staff, the drinks, and lets not forget the ambiance and the VIEW!Hard to be unhappy in this space...phenomenal views over the Philadelphia City Skyline. Took a reservation at sunset, which was totally the move and quite a romantic setting we thought! Although food vendors are frequently rotated, we didn't find our options or meal overly impressive. The staff was super attentive. Together we would easily recommend this place for a special occasion, the view makes it really worth it!Gentrification at its finest. If overpriced beers & drinks your thing then you're at the right place. This building moreso is a pass for me. Something doesn't sit right with me on how the school was shut down for this and other businesses due to Philly's shortage of and lack of educational resources in this city. To eachs own, I guess 
Philly, do better and be betterBreathtaking view and everyone that worked here were so friendly to me and my crew! Drinks were priced appropriately and music was to my taste. Can't wait to be back.Such a great bar! I love the view of the city up top. Prices are moderate but for what you get it's an incredible place.Back in my day, Bok was a school, not a bar #thisprobablymakesmeold . But the building's reimagining transformed this space into a great spot for groups or date nights, as the rooftop bar offers one of the best southern views of the Philly skyline. Make sure to check the rotating menu if you plan on eating there though.Great views. Love that they sponsor local gourmet businesses and take Covid precautions seriously. Best quarantine outdoor experience!I never made it to bok last year so I was pretty excited to check it out this summer. While a little off the beaten path, Bok delivers with awesome views, a relaxed vibe, and delicious food and drinks. An old high school is little bit of an odd place to drink, especially when the bathrooms throw you right back to days of homeroom and high school gossip, but it works. The view is pretty spectacular and you could find lots of people snapchatting a panorama to show off to their friends. The rooftop itself is pretty large and feels very spacious- none of those feelings of being packed in like some other outdoor beer gardens. They have a nice selection of beers and wines and the beers are pretty cheap at 5-6 bucks. I loved the pineapple cider! The food menu is small but everything is delicious- I highly recommend the pork bahn mi and the sesame balls. 
I hope bok is here to stay because it's definitely one of my new favorite places!I've never seen so many yuppies, Jesus Christ. It was like Manayunk pole vaulted its entire population across the Schuylkill and they landed on 8th and Mifflin.
But like aside from my issues with belted salmon shorts and boat shoes, the beer was also too expensive, the wine pours were small, and the food options were few. The view was nice tho ¯\_(ツ)_/¯Why 5 stars? This was not only my favorite stop on my visit to Philadelphia, but it's one of the coolest places I have ever been... ever.
   ---   ---   ---
As soon as I am done typing this review, I will be adding it to a Yelp list called "All-Time Favorites." It's a first ballot Hall-of-Famer.
Bok Bar is an old elementary school, that apparently sat vacant for a long time. Recently someone installed a bar on the roof of said school. As if that isn't cool enough, the inside of the school is still very preserved. It still looks like a school and smells like a school. With historic, marble floors and walls throughout, it really feels like you've gone back in time.
As you walk through the halls, you're carded at a certain point before being allowed through. You then have to get in an elevator and be sent up to the roof. Once you exit the elevator, prepare to be in awe. There's probably no better view of the entire city of Philadelphia and the skyline, than there is from right here. It's pretty incredible.
We grabbed a table and some really great local beer, and proceeded to talk the night away. We initially planned on only having one drink, but that turned into two... and then in to three. Why would we want to leave this perfect and amazing place? 
It's funny because, on paper, having a couple of beers on a rooftop sounds pretty cool. But this was so much better than pretty cool. How many times in your life have you walked through a historic elementary school to get to said rooftop bar? Never, unless you've been to Bok Bar.
To the folks responsible for this creation: thank you for making something I will absolutely never forget. And please make Bok Bar II in Tampa Bay :)An off the beaten path beer garden with unobstructed city skyline views? Don't mind if I do! This place has a 5 star view especially at night. It's worth going just for that. Entrance is free, and there's a parking lot for guests. It's great for large or small groups, but seating is limited. 
All the prices are reasonable for the location plus there's no cover. $5-$9 beers and some wine. It's a varied list. Mostly bottles and cans. Food is limited and reasonably priced. You can really do better on food somewhere else, but we gotta have snacks.Overpriced drinks for the amount you receive. Not great food selections. Only came and stayed for the views.I was veryyy hesitant to come back to Bok Bar after a less than stellar previous experience (after reading other reviews, I was happy to know I wasn't the only one who experienced this). We came for a drink before dinner at Irwin's. Staff was much nicer, our server was very friendly. This was the Bok bar I remember.I came here for a friend's birthday, which we had made reservations for a week prior. We were excited for the great views and food but unfortunately the experience fell short of the hype. We arrived on time for our reservation and it wasn't crowded so we expected we would get a table with a good view. Unfortunately, they placed us at a table that could not have been more far away, meanwhile there were plenty of other open tables available. We politely asked if we could switch to an open table but they not so kindly rejected that. Since we could not experience the view from our table we did get up at one point to walk over and take a few pictures. We made sure we were only near the open tables (that we were not allowed to sit at) and followed COVID guidelines. Immediately the hostess came out to ask us to go back to our table. I fully understand the importance and need to follow COVID guidelines however we were not close to other people and there was no one sitting at the tables we were standing near. I will note our server was awesome but unfortunately we continued to experience more hiccups throughout our dining experience. The food menu was extremely limited (only 5 items) and honestly wasn't anything spectacular. Our server asked us if we wanted another round of drinks and we said yes. A few moments after receiving the drinks the hostess ran by our table and quickly warned us we only had 10 minutes left of our 90 minute reservation. At no point were we informed of only getting 90 minutes and why wouldn't you tell us of that before we got more drinks? Maybe this place would be better in a non-covid world but with the poor service and   general rudeness I don't think I will be coming back.So I like this place a lot. It's trendy, has a nice view and food is pretty good this year. 
Best of all, weekends are family days where you can bring dogs and kids. 
We had a never ending run of beers and wine. They have a bunch of pretty good beers ranging from lagers, ciders, ipa, and hard seltzers. One good beer that I got was the golden road mange cart wheat. Super mango-y and easy to drink. We also got three rounds of food cause when you get alcohol, you definitely need the food too. 
For the food, the za'tar fried chicken bites were a definite go. We got them three times. The crispy yet tender bites of chicken were perfectly seasoned and perfect finger food to pair with beer. We also got the pickled veggies, hummus plate with crudités, fresh pita, and pita chips, and finally the watermelon kabobs with mint and labneh. Some may say the fried pita chips were a bit greasy but I thought they were the perfect touch of burnt and crisp. No sarcasm. Really. The watermelon kabobs we're definitely interesting, with the sumac, olive oil and labneh, the contrast of salty and sweet was lovely. 
Best of all, the view of philly's skyline is unparalleled. I'll be back all summer.Great place to spend time with friends or lover! The "school experience" it's just different experience if you like new stuff, you have to walk over a school, you get into a elevator and take you to the roof, when you're there you will find two different restaurants one is the BOK bar. You'll find a small list of food. BUT tacos Are amazing!!! Also cocktails list is short but I love it!!Food selection could be better. There could also be much more of a variety in terms of beverages as well. However, the servers were friendly and the atmosphere and views were like no else.Stopped in on a beautiful sunny afternoon and was happy I did. It was Labor Day and I was looking specifically for a rooftop bar and could not have chosen a better one than Bok Bar for the view. Located in South Philly with fantastic views to the north, the entire city of Philadelphia is there to look at. This place wins just because of the view.  The building itself is also pretty interesting, an old school that definitely reminded me of my high school.
Everyone we interacted with was really nice. The doorman, the ID check, line/elevator attendant, bouncers, bartenders, everyone was really nice with a positive attitude. They have wine and beer with a decent selection of both. I had a few beers and tasted a couple rosé wines and was happy with the choices. There is a variety of seating from small cafe tables, benches, long communal tables, and wood and canvas deck chairs. Half of the space is completely open and the other half is shaded. The shade was perfect for the day I visited since it really hot and sunny. There are water misters at one end in case it's hot enough that you don't mind getting sprayed while out at a bar. 
Overall, I really enjoyed the venue and the friendly staff and would certainly return to enjoy more drinks with an excellent view.Food was not worth the price BUT, the view is!!! The ambiance is really what you are paying for. Can't get over the view and will return!