I Came into town to visit and a buddy of mine wanted to eat here.  Food and atmosphere reminded me a bit of my year in Korea.  The chicken was amazing!!!!!!Finally!! Been stalking this place day-in-day-out relentlessly for the grand opening. bon chon is known for the chicken so get that before anything else.Bon Chon has decent food but it takes forever to come to your table. Each time we try to go, even when the restaurant is empty, it takes almost an hour to bring out our food (which is usually the Bon Chon Chicken and those are basically chicken fingers with a Korean flare). It is very frustrating so I suggest if you want any food here order it ahead and take out. I have a feeling that's why it takes so long when you're in the restaurant, they prioritize for the take out customers. 
As for the food, I do recommend the Bon Chon Chicken Strips. They are flavorful and not over breaded. They have a great spicy kimchi mayo for dipping the chicken so ask for that. BEWARE: the "spicy" flavor is obnoxiously spicy. I don't mind but many of my friends decided not to eat it after a poor choice in flavor bc it was too intense for them.I lived in Korea for 2 hours and feel pretty confident in the accuracy of the following statements. 
- It's atmosphere is authentic. 
- The fried chicken is good but not 'addictive-good' as they claim. 
- They have Korean beers and soju cocktails. Which is enough to keep me coming back. 
- The bull dak is similar to one of my favorite Korean foods, dak galbi, but has made my butt sick both times after eating it. 
I hope they fix whatever cheap ingredients are effecting the bull dak because the taste is there it should just come with a warning sign.The food is great. The service is extremely slow. Every time we go here, it takes average 55min to get food out. Sometimes one hour. No joke. If they tell you beforehand, at least you put enough coins for parking. Go to Cafe Soho to get almost same quality chicken and much quicker serve.Chicken was good, some pieces were over cooked, but the annoying thing was that they charged $2 for extra raddish. Yes it's just an additional $2, but if I spend that much on XL chicken, and additional dish and appetizers for 2 people, you would think they would just give me extra raddish. Maybe I'm spoiled by Korean restaurants where they freely refill side dishes, but it just detracted from the experience.I friggin love this place! Their chicken wings are great, fried light and crispy each and every time! You get your choice of soy garlic, spicy or half and half.  Aside from wings you could also get drums or strips served the same way...aside from great Korean fried chicken they also serve other great Korean appetizers and main dishes.  Another favorite of mine are the potstickers and the shrimp shumai.  They have a fully stocked bar and also offer Korean beers and they also keep yamakazi 12 yr Japanese whisky in stock too.  They close at 2 am and also offer a late night menu and drink specials as well.  The look and feel of the restaurant is very modern, they have huge flat screen tv's all over that play different ball games as well as tons of K-pop music videos. The place is small so when it's crowded they fill up quickly, great place to hangout with friends and the staff are all friendly and pretty attractive tooMy girlfriends and I decided to come here as we were craving KFC. We all live in the city so insead of the usual Cafe Soho, we decided to come here for convenience. We were greeted and there was no wait for a Sunday evening. The place has two floors with a bar; modern/hip space. Happy Hour menu was definitely tempting but we missed it and decided to just order from the regular menu.
We got a carafe of lychee soju - disappointed that we mostly just tasted juice. Takoyaki were good but nothing special. We ordered half & half of the spicy and soy wings. Although the wings were not greasy, crispy and meatier than Cafe Soho's, they were less flavorful. The food didn't take long to come out, unlike Cafe Soho. I would come back for convenience and speedy service but most definitely prefer the flavors of the wings at Soho.Came here around 11pm on a Saturday night and got seated pretty quickly. Staff was really nice and quick. We ordered the medium combo of drums and wings, salmon ball, and kimchi. All were spectacular! We did a spicy/ honey garlic on the wings...the spicy was definitely spicy! Be careful! Would totally recommend this place. I love that they're open until 2am as well, the perfect place to end the night!I got the spicy chicken bibimbap bowl and it was decent. The fried dumplings though are fantastic! Would def order again. The dumplings were coated with the same glaze as the wings!The chicken is hot, crunchy yet succulent and the drinks are awesome. Service is also fast. Get the pickled radishes they compliment the chicken well.I heard great things about this place, but I am not a fan. You can get either a spicy or a soy garlic sauce on most things. I got the soy garlic and it was way too salty, almost the point where I couldn't finish my otherwise delicious food. My friends said the same thing of the sauce, and they got the sauce on another dish. The wait staff said they were not able to put it on the side.Have only ever been here for the chicken wings so I may be biased, however they are fantastic. Always crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. I've heard people say the spicy is too much for them, while others complain it's not spicy enough. I always get soy garlic! This place never disappoints and is always consistent.Few years after its opening and I'm still happy about it's here in Chinatown. Sometimes the wings could take a little longer than usual to come out (aka gon be real fresh when it does) but oh well because they're delicious every single time.I came here with my mom a view days ago at lunch time. Was hoping for a good korean chicken wings which i got!
The place looked new and clean with 2 floors, not too big but not too small. It was not too crowd, maybe because we came on weekdays at 1pm. The waiter gave us water and menu directly when we sat.
We're orderer some spicy wings, chicken bimbimbab, and bulgogi. The food served in a hot plate, which i like. And all of them tasted great. The only reason why that i give 4 stars just because i was hoping for some side dishes which i usually got in korean restaurant. I only got kimchi as chicken wings companion. Overall, it was a great place to go, they have some beers and soju as wellEverything I ate here was fantastic, good service and a lovely atmosphere, Definitely coming back soonWent here Tuesday night with a couple friends and honestly service was great. They greeted us right away..BUT my only problem was where they seated us. They have a really mini table by the bathroom and also near the kitchen. Which I did not like because me? I am not a small person so I had trouble being careful and comfortable. I mean we were sitting under the stairs.. Yeah not so great for my first time there and I'm a girl who absolutely loves Korean food, music and culture. Also I heard more than one music which was a bit disturbing because it was from the kitchen and the main. Other than that food and service was great and my server was adorable so I had to tip her big lol all servers were friendly. Hopefully I'll get a better seat next time though.Their wings are sooo good! OMG will come back for more :) especially soy garlic to die for ! Great service friendly and nice environment ! Will come back for more wings on my day off and cool off with a nice martini :)Fried chicken is clutch and amazing. They opened a beer on accident, so I got an extra one for free, on the house! Great service and really nice. The salmon avocado ball (I think thats what it was called) was effing deliciousOnly ordered takeout so I'm not sure about the dining experience. I called in and ordered the large drumsticks to-go and that's about $33.95 for 15 drumsticks before tax. 
The order took about 20-25 minutes to make so I do suggest ordering ahead of time. The girls at the counter were nice and the fried chicken was as good as I would've expected them to be, considering I did drive an hour back to Jersey to eat them! 
Overall my experience was decent for what it was and would order again.Never had Korean fried chicken before I never even knew it existed and that stuff is crazy good this place is awesome the atmosphere is cool the staff friendly and the food perfect. I read some of the reviews and I guess because this was my first experience with this type of fried chicken I'm just overly impressed and I have nothing to compare it to but I do know good food I also know fresh food and this place has it .
The overall menu simple and appetizing but that fried chicken is crazy good a must tryThe battle of the KFC = Korean Fried Chicken.  
I made the mistake of coming here on a Friday night and waited over an hour for a table of 4.  You know what also sucks?  Having people come here in large parties when you know there are empty tables but obviously waiting on other parties to leave so they can make the seating arrangement for parties of 6+.  I do appreciate it when you can leave your name and they'll call you when the table is ready but when you have a mob of hangry people... it gets tough when you see empty tables reserved for people and you were waiting inside the whole time.  It's also a problem when the restaurant was not created with larger parties in mind since there's only so many tables to be seated at and a larger bar in the middle of the restaurant floor.  It was hard to get a drink at the bar since everyone seating barside was enjoying their meals to even wait to have a drink while waiting for your table.  The waiting area is minimal especially since it opened during the cold winter months when you dont want to wait outside but corral inside.
I waited for 1.15 hours until I saw an opening at the bar and since that area is first come first serve, we ran towards the seats.  I told the hostess that we'll be sitting here so it was fine.  At this time it was 9 pm when I arrived at 7:45 pm so my stomach was eating itself at this point.  It wasn't until another 20 minutes that someone called our phone saying the table was available but clearly we noted when we sat down?!
Bonchon has a variety of offerings aside from the fried chicken.  I had the ddukboki (very spicy, caution to everyone out there), the salmon (which was really good! full of flavor, variety of crunch and fresh), and fries (crispy and crunchy).  Don't be fooled I also ordered the chicken but by the time I finished all the other dishes, I was not hungry for the chicken since it was another 45 minutes until it arrived.  
I had Soho chicken so I had something to compare this against.  Bonchon's chicken is crispy but the meat itself was dry and the flavor doesn't go past the crunch of the skin.  I officially ate at 10 pm and asked for the check so I can make it to my next Friday night destination.  
I'll probably return to give it another shot a year from now but not going back any time soon.This place was amazing! By far the best food we had in Philly! We had the chicken strips (half and half). The spicy was seriously spicy and the garlic were unbelievable! Wish we would have ordered more. The udon was firm and so good, not mealy like most you get. Eat here. It's worth it.I love the wings here. Place was clean and nice. Service was kinda slow but overall the food is amazing good!A trendy chain restaurant with lots of wood with red seats. There's indoor/outdoor seating and an upstairs. The place in covered with TVs and screens playing K-pop which can be distracting. We sat upstairs and our server was friendly but mostly absent. 
The chicken strips were good overall, however some of the smaller pieces were tough. The spicy sauce was nice and went well with the pickled daikon radish side. The fries were great and came in a large paper cone. 
We also had the Pineapple Froju which was a mix of rice wine, fruit, and yogurt in a carafe. It came with tiny shot glasses for each person. It was okay, cold and frothy. But at $20 I don't know if I would order it again. 
Would definitely visit again for the wings and other dishes.Okay so food is good.  It's bonchon.  Yummy chicken, pretty good everything else. 
The low rating is basically for service.  I think my group waited like 45 minutes for our chicken and we didn't even order a lot.  No explanations or anything.  They legitimately forgot.  We asked our waitress finally and she goes "uhhhhh let me check......"  and finally brings our food like 10 minutes later. 
Seriously,  people are sitting, not eating, silent, and looking very unhappy and no one approaches us at all. The table next to us literally got three orders of chicken before we got one. 
Just unfortunate that service ruined my visit here...  Not sure if I'll frequent this bonchon location anymore.These are probably the best fried chicken wings i've ever had. I'm not a huge expert on Korean chicken wings but these are really delicious, well seasoned and always filling. The service is consistent and usually quick. Love this placeThe spicy wings are SPICY! Service was fine, our waiter came about 10 times to our table. The food took awhile to come out, but man was it tasty. Well worth the wait and the hype!I love the wings, tasty. I also ordered salmon avocado balls, not bad. The last I ordered is shrimp shumai, normal. From my point of view, I prefer wings, the space is not big enough but not too bad, the music quite loudly. To conclude, will come back for the wings.The fried chicken is great. But the Korean dishes are very mediocre. I hope the quality of the korean dishes can improve. much better Korean food in Utown, upper darby Hmart food court.Mikey is usually our server 
He's just the best 
My girlfriend is very huge about service and mike has exceeded her expectationsI'll get to the point. I've never enjoyed such crispy, flavorful chicken wings as those I ate at Bonchon. However, I was disappointed by the "Spicy" option. It must be the chronic sriracha use on my part, but they were simply sweet but lacked any "hotness". Nevertheless, I want them again.
Their french fries are excellent and worth combining with some wings, but I personally enjoy the play between kimchi and chicken wings. If you haven't had kimchi, definitely give it a try.
You really can't beat $8.95 for 8 wings with french fries for lunch every day.So Bonchon is my go to place for korean fried chicken wings whenever I feel that craving. I've eaten here a good amount of times with friends of mine. So the wings itself are pretty good but inconsistent with how they are made. To me, there are days where the wings are real crispy, juicy, and coated with the sauce, but other days, there would be feathers on the wings, or it wouldn't taste as juicy and strong like usual. Its not something that doesn't make me want to come back, because I still do go here whenever I want korean wings, but compared to Soho, I believe Soho makes the better wings. The interior of the place is small in my opinion. It gets filled up pretty easily at night, and people are often waiting to be seated. I've had experiences myself where my friends and I would have to wait (at night). If you're looking for some korean inspired wings in chinatown, Bonchon is the place to go to.I'm a huge fan of chicken wings and I also love Korean food. This place had my idea kind of wing. Nice and crunchy, lightly glazed with a bang of flavor. I got half soy garlic and half spicy. The spicy carried a big kick of hot, but it hurt soooo good. The soy garlic was my favorite flavor though. I love garlic (My apologies to potential single hot vampires who were interested) 
I'm from the Westcoast so I already missed the wings as I was eating them, but luckily I saw they have a location less than 2 hours away. I'm definitely down for the drive. 
This location is nestled in an alley like spot on Cherry ST. It's a perfect spot to eat wings and drink with friends and a plus if you're into Kpop. (Spoiler alert: I'm into Kpop) We parked at a nearby spot for 8 bucks. The lot was literally about a 6 min walk. And there's some tea and boba places near by too if your interested in a little after dinner drink.The wings were good. We got the medium combos with drums, takoyaki, and tteokbokki, and the amount was just right
The stair and the second floor was really slippery for some reason, however.Bonchon soy and garlic wings are my FAVORITE. I will definitely come here time and time again just for the wings.
However, I was disappointed to find that the menu lacked Korean soups, which are some of my favorite foods. There are less authentic Korean dishes on the menu and the Bonchon Philly location definitely seems to be Americanized, which is so odd because their menu differs a lot from the Boston Bonchon location, which is great.Got the bibimbap - great! 
bonchon fried chicken - also great! 
Will be back to get my korean fried chicken when I'm craving it! =]We used to live close to the Bonchon in Annandale (outside of DC), and I gotta say, despite the crappy service that we got in Annandale, the chicken was so much better there.
Bonchon is our go-to place for Korean food in Philly proper--this location has korean food (not just chicken and ramen, like the Annandale location), which is nice.  Their kimchi bokkeumbap (fried rice) is pretty good, and their bibimbap was fine.  I was sorely disappointed by the tteokbokki we got last time we were there, though.
But really, we go to Bonchon for the chicken, right?  Well, one time when we went, chicken was delicious, spicy and crispy and juicy and flavorful...and when I went back again, we got these completely un-sauced, not crispy chicken.  After we finished our food, we looked around, and realized we apparently just got a bad batch--everyone else's looked visibly better than the plate that we had gotten.  Minus points for inconsistency.
Ambience here is rather distracting, with sports games and kpop MV's on repeat...it's rather amusing, but can also detract from...you know, real conversation with your friends.We ordered a dozen soy garlic chicken tenders. The seasoning is tasty and the first bite sent me to the moon. But the chicken is actually very, very dry. I wish it came with more sauce or some other type of dipping sauce.
I liked the ambiance - modern and chic with red chairs and lots of tv's playing k-pop music videos. However, it is too expensive -- it's located in Philadelphia's Chinatown and charging NYC prices, like what?3.5 stars. I wanted to wait a little while after their grand opening to try it out because of the wait time. We were here early on a Friday evening (7pm) on a snowy day. There was a 30 minute wait. The food didn't take too long to come out -- about 30 minutes. When you walk in-- the bar is in the left and they also have seating upstairs. The restaurant doesn't look that big. Our group of 8 got seated downstairs in a semi-enclosed area which was nice. The decor is black, red, white with a modern look. 
Soy wings- the wings are really big. They were okay. They're not as flavorful as Soho in Cheltenham. 
Hot wings- I didn't have any but my friends liked them. Supposedly they're hotter than SoHo. 
Salmon Avocado Ball- it was good but it's more like a salmon cucumber ball. There was a lot of cucumber. I think there were like 3 tiny pieces of avocado in it. 
Tacoyaki- they're okay. Nothing special. 
Sliders- taste like a mini burger with spicy mayo which is what gives it the flavor. 
Seasoned fries- you'd like this if you like paramasean cheese. Fries were typical. 
Beer- $15 Sapporo pitcher specialI came here during the soft opening. I will not factor in how crowded it was or go into details about the long wait or the lack of seats in my review. All of that was somewhat expected. But It was still surprised at the overwhelming amount of people who came out. I have to give a big prop to the advertising that was done. I will review BonChon solely on their chicken, which to me tasted a lot like MSG and wasn't crispy at all. The double frying, I don't think was done. In the end, I still think Cafe Soho has the better wings. I didn't get a chance to try out other foods, but based on reviews from others I don't think I want to try them. Maybe I wait sometime for BonChon to settle down and focus on making their food good. Perhaps then I will return.It's very delicious. One shortage is the business is so occupied that you need to wait very long to get your food.I had a great experience today at Bonchon, I got the vegetable fried rice with tofu (see photo below) and I had a really friendly and amicable waiter named Zach. The hostess was also very sweet and helped me with directions, told me about the city, and spoke to me like a friend would. It was a really nice and welcoming environment. Chic too. Being from NY originally, I can tell when a lot of money has gone into making a restaurant come alive. This place felt alive and yet like a club. I highly recommend going here. The portions were very generous, the place was clean, and the people were nice. 
I could've done without the blasting provocative Korean music videos all around.The soy sause garlic chicken strips was okay, it was a bit too dry compared to the other times I ordered. The chicken katsu was pretty good, it was crispy. I love the atmosphere, great place to hang with a group of friends.Came here with a group of friends to see what the hype was about. When I came it was super crowded and there was a wait. I probably ended up waiting for a good 30mins before I was seated. My friends and I ordered 40 wings with half of them being spicy and the half was soy sauce favored. Double fried chicken wings take about 20-30 mins to make because of the double frying part, so it was an additional 40-50 mins of wait time before the food came.  I'll admit this place serves the best double fried wings in Chinatown. But I don't know if I'll be coming back any time soon due to the long wait time. They don't do take out orders through the phoneLove Bonchon but unfortunately this one is a major fail with the chicken itself, the servers are awesome and the ambiance plus the bulgogi bibimbap is really good, however they fell short of the fried chicken where Bonchon is famous for, it's nothing close to a korean fried chicken. I hope they read this and they fly to Los Angeles ( has the US largest korean community) and see what a real bonchon chicken tastes and look like.Bonchon chicken, is it comparable to SoHo Chicken in K-town Cheltonham? 
I love SoHo's chicken wings but its so dame far away. but i was very please that a replica is in chinatown. i had to go try it on my dinner date night with my boyfriend.
Staffing could use some improvement. They're all a bunch of high school asian kids that cant handle pressured arrises. i was told wait time was 10 mins, fine ill wait. 10 mins lead to 20 mins. my patiences had ran out. so i decided to talk to the hostess and ask her the ETA for my table. She looked at me, rolled her eyes and walked away. came back to me mins later telling me she doesn't know. what a lunatic. i noticed two seating available at the bar so we decided to eat here. menu was small. i ordered two different flavored chicken wings soy sauce and the spicy one. Wings were huge, larger that normal chicken drum sticks. they were Okay.... personally, i think the breading was a little think and over cooked. it took quiet a few bites till i could reach the actual chicken. 
is it comparable to soho's chicken? nah....Wings on point!
I have been waiting for a good asian style wing place to open in Chinatown for a while. Then Bonchon chicken came around and the food was absolutely great. I have to admit the line was a little long, but thats because I went on grand opening day. However, it was all worth it when my friends and I got our 40 wings. The wings were crips and flavored perfectly. Almost odered another 40. I loved the hot wings with the half and half option. They also had some kind of flattened takoyaki that was pretty great. 
The place had a unique appearance as well. There were TVs everywhere, which made it a great place to hangout and chow down on wings. The lighting was nice. This is honestly the place to be for game day. EAGLES! Did I mention the huge wall projector? There is a bar in the center and a second floor to the restaurant. The place will be amazing during the spring and summer.
The employees were genuinely nice as well. Our server was extremely friendly and took care of the table extremely well. With all these in the atmosphere of the restaurant, I can't wait to go again.I'll make a bold statement here: this may be the best fried chicken I've ever eaten. I favored the soy garlic flavoring over the spicy, but both seasonings are full of flavor! We stopped in on "Soju Sunday" which means $5 soju drinks and $15 carafes. The mango soju was really good if you like sweet drinks.
The atmosphere is very hip. Be prepared to spend a little more than you would at a typical wing spot, however. I'll definitely stick to the $9 lunch combo in the future.The fried chicken is great! We like to order both spicy and soy wings and drums to mix it up. However, it took nearly 45 minutes for our food to arrive (we ordered two large combo chicken platters for a larger group) and it's a bit of a noisier environment. If you're a sports fan, you're in luck - there is a TV for you to watch no matter what direction you're facing.Food was mediocre but our server Tommy was really attentive, and helpful with his recommendations.I liked the food at Bonchon. We started out with steak sliders which were legit.  The ribeye with the light crunchy slaw (it wasn't too sweet and overpowering) was an awesome pairing.  We had the salmon ball for an appetizer which was also tasty.  It was surprising because when it arrived at our table..it looked like there was way too much going on.  For our entrees we ordered the small order of half/half.  It was some kick ass fried chicken.  The wings were very crispy, and both sauced were very flavorful.  I would also like to note that they reheated very well.  The only major issue were the fruit flies.  I sat upstairs by the glass railing and I could see flies just chilling on the glass the entire night.  My husband also had to swat them away a few times which was gnarly and annoying.  I will be back because the food was slamming but they need to get rid of the flies.Better than American fried chicken hands down! The skin is so crispy! I'm not a spicy person so the spicy flavor was wayyyyy too much for me but my Korean friend was in love with the spice level. Don't be fooled by the "drumsticks" - these are not small drumsticks, they're more regular size! Which is great for a meat eater like me. Great place!This is an overdue one. But I came here with my friends once and the waitress was pretty rude. She also "accidentally" overcharged us. Now on to the chicken. The outside part of the chicken is great, but the inside has no flavor. It's like they boiled the chicken, then coated the outside part with some sticky sauce. The chicken skin is sorta crispy.Please check out our review on our youtube channel. Please hit the link below
https://youtu.be/LHF8IS7E5SII love that Bonchon is finally here in Philly.
The restaurant itself is located beside the Sleep inn hotel on Cherry St btw 10th and 11th st . Don't be deceived by the front entrance.  They are using the SIDE hotel entrance vestibule to help keep cold air from directly coming in the Restaurant.  Doesn't work to well but better than using the front door.
The chicken wings here are incredibly tasty, addictively so. I get the spicy and soy garlic variety sooo delicious. You can actually order drumsticks/legs here too. They are massive, so don't be fooled.
Other options on the menu include the Salmon Avocado ball (pan seared salmon w/ crab meat & avocado ), which is a satisfying but not too heavy meal.
Service was great, long wait for tables though probably because of opening week. Definitely coming back for more next week.My husband and I have been highly anticipating the opening of BonChon for a few months now. We finally got to try it on the day of the soft opening! It was absolutely delicious!  I loved the soy garlic wings! The japchae is a fave too. The ambiance is definitely of today's generation...trendy yet classic with the wooden style tables. They have an awesome full bar. The staff were all very friendly.  As with any soft opening for any new restaurant, of course, there were some minor hiccups. That's the purpose of a soft opening, people!..to test everything and then make improvements. There was some wait time for the food, but that was only because there were sooooo many customers, eating in and taking out! That's a great thing! Even with the wait, the staff were all so friendly to talk to, and there were so many HUGE screen TVs, including a ginormous projection screen, playing different programs to keep everyone entertained.  I will definitely be going again and bring everyone I know! I recommend everyone go eat at BonChon, even if there is a wait, it is totally worth it! Addicted!I was so excited they were coming to Philly (finally). Took the family for a late lunch on a sat and got seated immediately and food came out quickly. Took advantage of the happy hr drink special and lunch menu. Didn't bother to get anything else besides fried wings- half soy sauce and half spicy. So good. And with a side of radish. Just wish the space was bigger because I imagine the wait will suck at dinner time. But welcome to philly!So many things to like about this place!  We ordered five different entrées to share around the table and each one was absolutely terrific! Hard to pick a favorite, but the salmon ball would be it if we had to pick one.  But the real reason we came there was for Korean fried chicken. They have the crunch and the juiciness perfect!   That is what sets Korean fried chicken apart from any other fried chicken you will get anywhere.  The only reason I did not give them five stars was they only had two flavors available.  Hot and garlic soy.  Where's the sweet chili or the honey soy??  Frankly the spicy chicken was too hot for most of us at the table to enjoy. Over the top hot.  The soy garlic was not very flavorful.  I missed the sweet spicy treat I have come to expect from Korean fried chicken.
Bring on some more sauce options and I will be a fan for Life!The food here isn't bad. It's quite good actually. The service is what is horrible. Most of the waiters are spacey and don't seem attentive. They're nice, but appear to forget things very easily. Service is extremely slow and this includes take out. I waited 45 minutes for my order and it wasn't until I asked the hostess for a status on my order that she went to the back and came out with my food immediately. 
I don't recommend this place simply because the service is so off putting. It's extremely inconsistent and you never know what kind of experience you're going to get. I've had more disappointing visits than good ones.First time at this restaurant. It was very clean and had many TVs around so you won't miss anything no matter where you sat. I got the lunch special fried chicken and they were amazing and crispy. My friends and I even got complimentary French fries, and our waiter was always available when we needed him. Great food and service at a reasonable price. Definitely recommend it!My fiancé and I are big fans of BonChon and have been waiting for this place to open in Chinatown for quite some time. When I heard news that they were having a soft opening today, I hopped in the car and headed straight to Chinatown and told my fiancé to meet there!
Upon arriving at the location first, I was a bit confused on the entrance itself; you have to enter through the sliding doors of the adjacent Sleep Inn. Even with this design, I could still feel a cold draft throughout the dinner as I was seated in the corner along the windows/glass doors. They may want to consider adding a temporary second door just for the winter (if permitted by Sleep Inn?) with their logo to make it more identifiable.
The decor has a more modern look and k-pop music videos are blasting out of one of the television sets. Seating can become a bit cramped, as I was elbowed a few times by a group of 6 sitting behind me. At one point, another had leaned on my back for an awkward five seconds as if it was a restaurant version of the "moon-landing." I was like oh, hay now!
Being their soft opening, there was a limited menu of chicken and seasoned fries; I had wanted to try the Salmon avocado ball & bulgogi sliders, but I suppose that will have to wait until next time! I had arrived at 5:30PM and decided to start off with an order of the seasoned fries prior to my fiancé arriving. I later added an order of the half & half (soy garlic & hot sauce) medium combo (9 wings & 5 drumsticks).
It is now 6:00PM, and we had noticed that the adjacent table (seated 20 minutes after us) had received their order of fries when I had only one glass of water between the two of us. We flagged down a different waitress (because we had not seen our waitress since I received my one glass of water) and notified her of the situation & need for additional glass of water. Shortly after, out comes the bonchon and order of fries. We were informed that they were waiting on the chicken to come out together with the fries. This didn't seem to be an adequate explanation given fries are clearly listed as an appetizer and bonchon was the main course. 
Moving onto the actual food: the first thing we noticed was their unconventional implementation of actual drumsticks! I was not expecting full-sized drumsticks even though their menu had denoted such. We decided to tackle the soy garlic drumsticks first. For two people who were starving, we were not impressed. Because of its size, the flavor did not completely penetrate and was relatively mild when compared to Cafe Soho's soy garlic. Not only that, but for something that you were waiting on, the chicken should not come out luke-warm (which may have also contributed to the slightly soggy and chewy texture). The wings, being smaller, were a bit more flavorful but still lacked a crunch that I'd expect from being double-fried. Even the staple side dish of daikon radishes, which came out in a generous portion, was somewhat disappointing. Typically, it is served in a bowl with some liquid at the bottom, but in this case, it was served completely drained. The radishes were left lacking in tartness and became dry over the course of the dinner. The fries, however, held up its crunch/warmth throughout the dinner. (Quite possibly because that was actually what we were waiting for?)
It is now 6:20PM, and we finally receive a second glass of water. It came out in a Yeungling pint glass, so I'm assuming they ran out of regular glasses and it took some time to find a second glass to serve water in. This is where we meet our second and official waitress as she introduces herself. 
Overall, our initial experience was mediocre at best and pales in comparison to their counterpart restaurants in New York. With their grand opening being tomorrow, I hope they are able to make at least a few adjustments with both kitchen and wait staff. A majority of the staff seemed inexperienced and there were moments when my fiance noticed the waiters were just standing around staring at each other like it wasn't busy at all. I'll most likely return in a few months to see how the rest of the menu is and if the bonchon has improved; sticking only to the wings. Other than that, Cafe Soho may still be the place to go for bonchon even though it is a further drive for us.Horrible service. Rude bartenders. The current one overcharged me and gave me the most disgusted look when I tried to confirm the price. After all the good things I've heard, I am incredibly upset about the terrible service I had.Cool ambiance featuring KPop music. Enjoyed my order of Fried chicken strips. Service was fast & friendly.The wings are very tasty and reasonably priced. The ambiance is modern with giant tvs and a projector. Its especially good for game days. The other menus items are good too. The only problem I have with Bonchon is that they take quite a bit to get the food out. If youre okay with waiting then this place is easily 4-5 stars.I had came here with friends for a get together and it was a great atmosphere for us. The food was pretty good, the spicy chicken was spicier than I thought! Presentation was great and I would recommend this place to anyone!Never had korean fried chicken so what great way to try it at this newly opened restaurant at chinatown.  
First time I came here I was very disappointed because i didn't expect a restaurant  would open at 5 in the evening. I had to try again.  My friend and I had dinner here right after we got off work and thankfully we didn't go any later because the place got packed really fast. In fact on our way out, there was a line forming waiting to be seated. 
As we were seated, our waitress recommended we ordered the fried chicken first since it would take about 30 mins. My friend and I got the half soy garlic and hot drumsticks and wings. We also got calamari  and bulgogi bibimbap. The calamari was delicious, very different taste from the calamaris I've had. It was more like the asian  take of calamari which tasted like it was marinated in soy garlic sauce very similar to the fried chicken. It didn't come with marinara sauce it just had its own sauce that it didn't require the marinara.  The double fried chicken was crunchy, tasty and moist. The bulgogi bibimbap was ok. The flavor wasn't all there not very authentic. 
The place isn't that big although they did have a second level seating. It also had about 5 TV that played korean pop videos. 
Overall I liked the the fried chicken and calamari. I would come back here for more chicken.Chicken is dryer than Caitlyn Jenners vagina. Put some sauce on it people. First time I went here it was really good, but every time since it seems to decline a little more.This review is only for take-out, have not dined in yet. We've had our first taste of Bonchon at Turntable in New York City 2 years ago, and we have been hooked ever since. I've dreamed of this double-fried chicken! So while visiting my sister in Philadelphia, she mentioned Bonchon. It's not as good as NYC, but its definitely comparable. We usually get half soy garlic and half spicy.  The spicy level is perfect for me, and its light and airy, and flavorful. My only complaint would be the estimated wait/one time. Both times we picked up, we had to wait an additional 20-30 minutes after the promise time. Luckily, there's a bar so you can grab a drink while you wait.How in God's name does this place have as high a rating as it does?  This is the McDonald's of Korean food.  The only good thing about this place is the K-pop and the sports on the TV.  The food sucks, the service is weak and the ambiance is like Chipotle.This place has a lot of potential but unfortunately I rarely go and won't be returning due to the extremely long time it takes to receive food. It doesn't seem to matter if I try to dine in or order it to go, it takes an unnecessarily long time. In addition to the long time it takes to get your food, the service is terrible if you're dining in. I enjoy the soy garlic chicken and the fries. They are both very good, but unfortunately I don't go here anymore due to the wait and the service. Price wise, the lunch special used to be a decent deal but they've raised their prices and are now changing additional for fries. I've gone with a couple of friends at lunch before and it took well over an hour and we didn't even receive our food in time to eat there and had to make them box our food up so we eat it on the go because we had to return to work. They claim it's because they make everything to-order but it's unacceptable to me and there's no way it takes that long. I don't foresee myself returning here anytime soon.I'm from MA so I have been to BonChons that operate like well oiled machines. I have never waited more than 10 mins for my 20 half n half wings. (I order this at every location.) I am a BonChon freak and used to go to one every weekend.
Here we waited 40 mins to an hour for our food to come out. Our fantastic waiter Mikey T forewarned us, so we understood. This place is new. It was delicious! Try the kimchi coleslaw with your wings.
The spicy is not as spicy as the other locations I have been to at all, so I knocked off a star. That and the nonstop kpop playing from all angles and on all screens made me a little woozy.  (I still have some side effects.)I love coming here! The chicken has gotten MUCH better since they opened. It's the perfect texture. You won't be disappointed. The fries and bibumbop is awesome too. The music videos they play is always exciting to watch because they seem always to have a fresh playlist and I watched many videos for the first time here. To make comparison of chicken with cafe soho, I choose Bon Chon! They also play America music too, unlike cafe soho.
You won't be disappointed!FIY: Their happy hour prices are amazing and definitely take advantage of the daikon they serve with their chicken. Forget the actual drumsticks option they have and go straight for the wings because you'll end up getting these wings that are basically like mini drumsticks.
Fried chicken + K-pop = my happy place.
And every time my friends and I need to celebrate some occasion, we turn to Bon Chon as our go to place.
WHAT I GOT: Soy garlic fried chicken wings. How many depends on who I'm with.
PROS: Nice, casual laid back atmosphere. The bar is on the first floor with some seating areas, but most of the seating is on the second floor. There's large screens everywhere, showing sports on some and a selection of K-pop music video on the others. Every time I go, you'll more than likely see me sitting there with chicken wings in my hand, jamming out to every other song that comes on. If you hear "THIS IS MY JAM!", it's probably me. I'm a K-pop fangirl and proud. But I digress. The chicken, being the main reason for coming to this place, is fantastic in every aspect. I always get the soy garlic wings since I'm not much of a spicy eater, but these wings do not disappoint. Each order has consistently crispy skin, tender, juicy meat, and excellent flavor. The daikon they serve with the chicken is a must have to lighten the heavy fried chicken load and to act as a palate cleanser during those rare moments you resurface from the chicken. Happy hour prices on their beers are dirt cheap. It's honestly amazing. I highly recommend going then.
CONS: The noise level is a little on the loud side and I'm not sure if this place is the most kid friendly seeing how the bar is literally smack dab in the middle of the floor. There's only one bathroom and it's pretty grimy. They do give a moist towelette with the chicken but it's only really enough to clean your hands after everything is finished. And the amount of paper towels you get also depends on your waiter and how generous they're feeling.Bonchon in Chinatown is always a long wait. They don't do reservations or walk ins, but the food is decent. Definitely overhyped but still worth the wait because the food is good everytime. I like to get half and half (soy garlic and spicy) wings and seasoned fries with Sapporo! Besides wings, either the bulgogi dish or korean tacos or pork bao buns is delish!It's just so good. Chicken is amazing, Bibimbop is great, bulgogi is great, everything is great :). Just wish they delivered or there were more stores because I don't get to this area enough!First time ordering wings from here and they were great. I was making a quick stop by Chinatown on my way back from Phla int'l and remembered that this place opened up not too long ago. The wings are a bit pricey, $12 for 10 wings, but we're very tasty. I ordered the half garlic soy and half hot flavors. Was not expecting the spicy flavor to be as hot as it was- my mouth was on fire for a long time after eating them! So be prepared for some extreme spice- if you're into that! If not, just stick to the garlic soy, which was still really tasty and I enjoyed it very much. Next time I would definitely order the garlic soy. I think Bon Chon could see more business if they expanded their flavors, or maybe create different levels of spice and have a milder version of their  spicy flavor. Overall my take out experience was good, it was Saturday night and didn't seem as if the place was extremely busy, as I had gotten my order within 10 minutes. The atmosphere during the night seemed very clubby with the loud music and there were quite a few people sitting at the bar on the lower level. Seemed like it would be a good social place to grab drinks and food later in the evening with friends. Definitely enjoyed the wings and will be back again possibly for a dine in meal.Love this place. My first experience was at their NYC location and enjoyed it.  I ordered take out so I cannot comment on my dining experience at this Philadelphia location.  I love their soy garlic wings! So crispy and delish.  I also ordered their bulgogi sliders.  You get three per order and it hits the spot.  We also ordered their Udon noodles soup.  The fiance and I both enjoyed. The right amount of liquid, vegetables and noodles.Bonchon has some of the best fried chicken in Philly, and I'm pretty picky about how this dish is made. The chicken wings are double-fried coated with a sweet soy glaze or the spicy glaze depending on your preference. The other Korean entrees are not that great and the alcohol is expensive, so I would just recommend coming here for the wings. There are not that many seats in the restaurant, so be wary of peak dinner hours and weekends when the wait can be 20-30 mins long. If you do not like long waits or loud K-pop music blasting, I would recommend ordering take-out.Try this place !! The soy garlic chicken is delicious ! Was introduced to this place by a gf and ordered the small wing & legs combo with steamed rice. I was thoroughly pleased.
I'd never had Korean fried chicken and I am certainly a fan. So much so that I saved a few pieces for my fiancé to taste the first time I was here and I brought him back here last weekend for dinner. We ordered the large wing platter and pork buns and had plenty of leftovers. 
Service was friendly and the atmosphere was nice. My only complaint is we barely has enough space on our table for all the food we ate. 
Try hereIt's finally here!  So far for grand opening weekend its packed every night. With the limited seating, come early and get a table Sometimes the wait is long, but its worth it! Lets start with  the chicken, yes it takes a while for it to come out but it is how it is cooked that makes it take a while. When it comes out it is fresh and delicious!  Another awesome dish is the bulgogi sliders, sooooooo goood ! Takoyaki is also another favorite of mine. Overall this is the place to be for bonchon chicken and to kick back for other food as well.Just so bad. It's dirty, expensive, takes forever, and it's in Chinatown. R there any korean places in Chinatown? This is not authentic and the flavor doesn't cut it for the premium price again. Go travel more north and discover more chicken options in the Korean area. This is all drinks and no taste: pass.I think this is one of the best chicken places in Philadelphia. A fan of korean style chicken, I can compare this place to authentic places back in Seoul. Food came out relatively fast (within 10 minutes) and the taste of the chicken was quite good. Service was also pretty good. One negative is that the food and drinks are a bit on the pricier end, but that is a given considering the lack of competition in the area. 
Also, it's nice that they changed up the music from just KPOP to more modern songs, so it isn't so repetitive.My group of 5 stopped in last night around 8pm and the wait was about 40 minutes (luckily BarLy is right around the corner for waiting). Our server was helpful and attentive.  We ordered a bunch of apps to start (seafood scallion pancake, japchae, salmon ball, bulgogi sliders), which were all quite tasty but I'm here to talk about the chicken. 
We ordered a mix of the wings & drumsticks (half hot, half soy garlic). Maybe the menu is confusing, or maybe my friends & I aren't that bright but we thought "drumsticks" meant the little wing drumsticks. What they mean is an actual drumstick though,  as in the leg.  We all preferred the wings to the drumsticks.  The wings were juicier (the big drumsticks were kind of dry). As for the sauce, I preferred the hot.  It was spicy with a nice kick. The crunch factor was perfect all around.
We got a ton of food and each got at least 1 drink and the total including tax & tip was only $32 per person. Right now there is only a 1 person bathroom stall, but as I was waiting in line I was informed by an employee that the other bathroom will be opening up once the Sleep Inn next door opens (I guess they're connected).
My obligatory comparison to Cafe Soho's wings: I do think Soho's are a bit better (more saucey), but Bonchon's chicken is delicious and a lot more conveniently located.Went today and got the Garlic Soy Chicken Strips with a side of steamed rice. The strips are very crispy with a light tempura batter and the sauce is a little sweet with a garlic kick that's nice.This place is known for their top notch wings great Korean cuisine and fresh salads! Hot atmosphere with extra large screens blasting KPop and top 40! Order the Parmesan garlic fries !Sooo yummy! Soy chicken and spicy are hreat! Spicy is very spicy so ask for lots of radishes.Best friend chicken ever. I had the garlic soy chicken, they are crispy and tasty. Highly recommend!The soy garlic wings have definitely gotten a lot saltier than they used to be. Sometimes I have to peel off the skin just to finish my fill of 10 wings. 
Portion sizes are small. $7 for fries topped with some Parmesan? Pass. 
Hostesses are very rude and do not greet guests properly. Not even a hello. They simply talk among themselves and give customers a cold "It'll be about a 15 minute wait" sometimes after a cold stare. This must be from a lack of training from management.
Waiters are nice and I have no complaints for their service. 
I come back only when I'm in the mood for some Korean chicken wings as this is the only option in Chinatown.Too cold. Too slow. Too expensive. My friend and I waited for 30 to get a table, which was acceptable. We would've left and eat else where if we knew the wait for the food was 90 minutes AFTER we sat down and ordered because everyone ordered take out and the kitchen was backed up. We ordered pan an as appetizer, which did not come out until 70 min after we sat down and after we asked the waiter to bring it out first.... The worst part was that pancake was 14 dollar and it was the size of my hand.... There wasn't even scallion on it.... 
Two star because the chicken was good. Or else it would've been a one.This place had friendly staff and delicious unique food. The spicy chicken is VERY spicy so be prepared. The Soju cocktail was delicious and the food wait was short. China town is a really cool place, and the atmosphere here was fun and unique.The service there was awful. I was waiting for fried chicken to take out for 30 minutes. It was ok. That was not the reason I got upset about.
Food was served to other people on the tables first who came at least 15 minutes later than I walked in. so I asked a waitress at the front how come they got the food before me. her answer made me so upset. "  I don't know. " really???  that's your first reaction? 
That is not an appropriate attitude to customers.I got there about 8pm on a Friday night.  I was told the wait time would be 30 to 45 minutes for a table.  Luckily there was an open seat at the bar, so I just sat there instead.
I ordered the takoyaki and the half soy garlic / half spicy chicken strips.  I also ordered a bottle of regular soju and a Sapporo draft.  I was happy they had the regular soju and not just soju cocktails.
The soju and beer were both excellent.  The takoyaki was very good.  As for the chicken, I felt it was little dry.  Other than that it was enjoyable.  I was happy that the spicy actually had some heat to it, and while I liked the soy garlic I thought the spicy was better.
The meal definitely made me think of the chimaek restaurants I went to while in Seoul, South Korea.  I would recommend Bonchon to others.I don't think their wings are good. The outside part of wings are tasty, but inside of wings are so blend that tastes like steamed chicken with no salt.Went between lunch and dinner hour. Ambiance is good and food quality is decent. Prices are a bit higher especially if you intend to order their cocktails and drinksI've always been a fan of korean BBQ chicken and Bonchon was one of the first places I've been to savor the deliciousness. I haven't been to Bonchon in years so I decided to make a trip to the one in Philadelphia.
Parking in chinatown is always a disaster, so be prepared. There are a few garages that you can park at if you don't want to spend 20 minutes circling looking for a spot. The restaurant itself isn't huge but seems airy with a fully open front and high ceilings. We didn't have to wait for a party of 5 at 7:00PM so that was good as well.
Be prepared for lots of K-Pop, there are TV screens everywhere. If you've never seen K-Pop, you'll be in for a... treat? Service was relatively efficient though not warm, the waitresses seemed pretty standoffish. We ordered a number of different items:
Wings - Spicy wings were hot! These were probably our favorite
Drumsticks - soy sauce drumsticks were a bit salty, and the drumsticks were way too large.
Strips - These seemed to be all breading and not much chicken, they were also pounded flat. Do not recommend
Pickled radish - this was amazing
Japchae - This was great, very flavorful
Parmesan fries - This is fried very well as well, crunchy and full of flavor
Shumai - tasted like frozen shumai microwaved. Do not order
Bulgogi tacos - Bulgogi needed a bit more flavor, otherwise was decent
Pork buns - These were good and disappeared quickly
Kimchi - nothing great, can skip
Overall, not a cheap meal, but still relatively satisfying. I'll definitely be checking out other korean friend chicken places in the future before coming back.Amazing fried chicken! Very tasty spicy sauce but definitely the must-try soy garlic sauce is the way to go for your chicken. The restaurant is a bit pricey for the various dishes it serves, but the food is well worth it. The K Pop on the multiple TVs around the restaurant make for a unique experience as well. 
I only give this 4/5 stars as the service was quite poor at my recent visit. The staff was not very attentive and the food took way too long (1 Hour almost) to come out. Overall, worth the experience of great fried chicken in Chinatown!Inconsistant. My first trip was midday. I ordered the garlic miso boneless chicken, and it was perfect: crispy, sweet and tangy. My second trip was after midnight a couple days later. Same order. This time the flavor was uneven and the chicken was alternately soggy and over-fried. Hard to allow yourself to crave something that wows you one day and disappoints you the next.Decided to try BonChon at the last minute on our way home, which was exactly at 5 pm. Anytime after 5:15 pm is most likely a wait (we are looking at a huge line). So my advice is to go early or late (after 11 pm, since they're open till 2 am).
Now for the review of the chickens itself. You get to choose between wings, drumsticks, or strips; as for the sauces, there's soy garlic and hot sauce. I've personally tried the soy garlic and my verdict is that it's 3.5 stars. I've had other soy garlic Korean fried chickens and BonChon need to make their a bit more flavorful. In terms of crunchiness, I give it a 3 stars. The first bite is crunchy but even then not that much, the later bites definitely loses its punch. 
Another positive thing about BonChon is that they offer a variety of Korean dishes (pancakes, avocado ball, bulgogi rice etc.). I recommend trying those if you are new to the culture. On another note, we tried the seasoned Parmesan fries while waiting for the wings and they were rather fun :) crunchy and flavorful throughout. 
Last thing is the bar. Typical beers on draft (only remember blue moon), which is never bad. They also offer a very expansive range of flavor soju. Lychee soju would be my favorite. 
I'll update if there's anything new to add :)Great place for fresh wings! I had the Soy Garlic wings with seasoned fries. Awesome taste and texture.Went here recently with my boyfriend for a late night bite. We loved every minute. From the ambiance to the food, nothing was short of amazing. 
We walked into the restaurant about 11pm and was greeted by a friendly staff. Our hostess sat us close to their somewhat outdoor seating, which was nice since the weather was beautiful that night. The vibe of the place was modern and welcoming. Our server was friendly and patient since we have a hard time deciding on what to eat most of the time lol. 
My boyfriend and I eventually decided to order the takoyaki and a small order of hot and spicy chicken (6 wing & 3 drumsticks). We wanted to order the okonomiyaki, but after 11pm they only have a select menu :'(. 
Now, before I go into detail about how amazing the food was, I do have to say that people don't seem to understand that in order to make korean fried chicken, it DOES take some time (look up the process). People complain about the wait but what's the rush? Just enjoy the atmosphere and the company ur in. If you're alone, have a drink and watch the television for a bit. Then it wont feel so long. 
Back to the point of this review: the food. When we did finally get our food, we got our appetizer, the takoyaki, first. Each order comes with 6 fried octopus balls topped with takoyaki sauce, japanese mayo, dried seaweed, and bonito flakes. They were served nice and hot, and with a creamy center. It was very delicious and the flavors sent me straight into an anime style japanese festival (takoyaki is normally  traditional street fair food). 
After licking the plate clean of any evidence of food being on it, our long awaited chicken arrived. One look and my boyfriend and I knew it was going to be a great meal. The size of each piece alone were amazing. It was like looking at an overgrown chicken from the mideval times. The chicken was perfectly fried and seasoned with the sauce of our choice. The meat was extremely tender and juicy. Every bite was worth the time and effort it took the create such a dish. On the side the server also gave us a small bowl of pickled daikon radishes, which we both love and was very refreshing with our meal. 
All in all, our overall experience was great. Everybit of our late night eating was no where near regretful. I would definitely come again and relive every minute.Went here on sunday. 
Ordered - Large wings 15pcs + drums 8pcs 29.95 half & half and Bibimbap bulgogi 10.95
Bibimbap bulgogi was ok. They need to work on their sauce. It wasn't spicy but had a weird texture. I think the yellow radish made the dish alittle bitter & it doesn't work well in bibimbap.
wings we got half & half of spicy and garlic. 
Spicy had a good taste I liked and the wings were crispy. I just wish they added more sauce towards both of the wings. 
Garlic, wasn't a big fan of the favor.
biggest let down was the pickle radish. No favor at all and it wasn't even worth eating with the chicken. Cafe Soho does it better and man I love me some pickle radish with fried chicken.
3/5 starsThis probably deserves closer to 3.5 stars, but overall, I thought Bonchon was a tasty, different (for those who have never had it before) place to eat that had pretty good service as well. 
I came here with a group of 5 and we ordered the XL wings (half and half), a salmon avocado ball, japchae, and the watermelon Froju. We were all pretty hungry to start, but I felt pretty full after the entire meal. I loved the chicken and thought it was super crunchy, which was great. I liked the soy garlic a little more than the spicy. The salmon avocado ball was great, although I think it might have been The noodles didn't stand out to me too much. I'd definitely recommend trying a bottle of their soju; you could taste that they used actual watermelon in our drinks.
The atmosphere definitely catered to fans of kpop, as there were large screens around the restaurant blasting music videos the entire time (I didn't mind it). The waiters were attentive throughout the night as well.
Overall, I wasn't so impressed that I would go again every week, but this is definitely a nice place to check out, and I could see myself coming back here every now and then!The first time i tried this place i ordered wings (half&half), dukbokki, and fried rice. Dukbokki and fried rice was good,nothing exceptional. The wings were also good,BUT i think they could have put more sauce on the wings. Overall, the place is cool,hip, A LOT of KPOP. The place is open until 2am so its good for late nights cravings.After a rough start to their business, it seems like everything has mellowed out in the last year.
Food was great and the service was good.
One thing you should always be mindful of when going to a KFC (Korean Friend Chicken) spot is that the wait times can be long. The double fry method is time consuming but well worth the wait (just ask any foodie).
Overall, a great addition to the Chinatown area that is already full of great places to try.Omg were to start this place is amazing don't know what they do to the chicken but the taste is amazing, we always order the combo which is half garlic  and half spicy (very spicy lol) delicious and if you eat it with hits beer well you are in haven.The best chicken fried rice I've ever had, great portions. The wings were dynamite, double deep fried and not your BBW trash size wings these had meat for days on them. Lastly the customer service was awesome, which is hard to find in the dump hole city of philly.I absolutely loved this restaurant. The service was fantastic, the food came out quickly, and most important everything was delicious!!!! My boyfriend and I ordered four things off the menu and our favorite hands down were the wings (you have to try them!), crispy, meaty and delicious. There were great drink specials too starting at 11pm. We will most definitely be coming back. :)The best boneless fried chicken I've ever had. The crispy crunch was unreal. The soy ginger sauce was outstanding, and we asked the waiter for a dash of the spicy sauce to add (since they wouldn't officially mix the two flavors in one order). Got a bottle of Soju on ice for fun. Loved it.Great chicken!  A closer to home Soho.  The soy garlic chicken is one of the best I have ever tried and is making me salivate as I write this.  I recommend the bulgogi sliders with a glass of beer.  The staff is very friendly and attentive.A cool place for a hang out with friends. My friends and I ordered the chicken katsu, steamed shu mai, fried rice, and the lunch special for the chicken (wish they still had it) and white rice as a side. The food took a while to come out but when we got the food, it was pretty good. If you like kpop and Korean chicken, you should totally come to Bonchon :)
Price was a little high but the food was goodThe potstickers was really good but the chicken bull dak was ok. We asked for extra spicy and it was on point. The service was really good...Chick is so crispy and tasty and moist. Way to go! The only thing that bothers me a lot is the layout of the restaurant: there ain't no walls or folding screen to keep away the sudden gust of cold wind when customers open the door. It is not comfortable when you seat at 1st floor in winter.We use to go to cafe soho for a while, but it was far and it seems like the chicken quality went down and prices were getting higher.  It's sad to say, but Bonchon seems to be going down the same path.  The prices were raised. $15 for 10 wings? Really? Also the wigs seem smaller since the price being raised.  The chicken isn't even properly clean anymore.  There were still a lot of little chicken feathers and stuff stuck to the wing. You would think that if prices are being raised you'd get better quality chicken, but this is just the opposite.  There's another wing place that open called bbq chicken or something like that.. I thought their wings were more pricey than Bonchon, but at least their chicken is bigger and cleaned better. Now all then prices are comparable, I think I'll be taking my business elsewhere.Sit for 3 or 4 minutes at the bar, bartender never came over, a party of 3 just sat down for 5 sec, and the bartender is already asking them what to drink. bad serviceThis place is ok. Besides the chicken, I've gotten their avocado and crab appetizer. It's good but not amazing.I have mix feelings towards bon chon. May 31st of 2018 was my visit to bon chon. When you first walk in you have a comfortable vibe feelings because it was filled with young adults just having a good time. The first floor has a dining area, a bar, and a second floor dining area. You are greeted to your table, seated, and are given water right away. The service was great! No problem with the service. The seasoned fries was very good. Now with the main reason why I gave this place 3 stars. When the chicken is first presented, it looked crispy and tasty. The spicy flavored chicken was very good and kinda spicy. The soy flavor was very disappointing. When you first eat the chicken, you get a salty flavor instead of a soy garlic flavor. It was crispy but some of the pieces was a little soggy. When it's 10:30pm and if you are out with your friends, then this place is the way to go but don't get the soy chicken. I highly recommend soho located at cheltenham which is known for their delicious soy flavored chicken. Overall rating 3/5.Was here on a Saturday evening for the first time.  The decor was nice and the TVs showing the NCAA game all over were huge. The atmosphere is fun and vibrant and its for sure a young person's place. The bar is well stocked with ample seating.
We had Marco as our waiter who was a very friendly and nice guy who was helpful in selections. I chose a Korean version of a "Car Bomb" where they dropped a clear shot of Korean liquor into a Coors Light and chugged it down. Pretty tasty stuff! My date had a very good Chocolate Martini. We ordered the Salmon Avocado roll as it was touted as a specialty. It is served beautifully with great sauces drizzled underneath it. It was certainly enough to share for 2 and the best thing we ordered.I also ordered the octopus dumplings which came out with about 8 of them served nicely on a long thin plate. They also rocked. We split small orders of the soy garlic wings and strips along with some fries.  We enjoyed them all. The sauce on the strips are brushed on already and not none is on the plate underneath. We left stuffed and happy.
If you are young and want a place with a vibrant, noisy atmosphere that will delight the senses along with some really tasty food, this is your place.  If you want a more quiet meal where you can really talk, this would not be your choice.Vibe is upbeat! Chicken is crispy and filled with meat on the inside - Great Spot! The wing will also have your mouth  on Fire!Me and some bros hit up this jawn after the Sixers game. The 76suckers lost but BonChon made up for it. 
We got in at around 10pm on a Tuesday and the place was still lively with customers. We were able to get a table on the second floor overlooking the bar. Korean MV's were playing on the big screen as we waited for our 20/20 wings and drums. The finger lickins came out hot and fresh and relatively quickly. The waiter dropped a drum stick on the table but nbd, 5 second rule I guess. I let my bro have that one anyway. 
So tender, so crispy, umami oooo mami! It's really not fair that I have to drive 1.5 hours for Bonchon cuz it's a craving that no other chicken can satisfy. Not KFC, not BWW not Poopeyes. Ohh Bonchon I miss u already...til we meat again.
*Please do something about those grezzy slippy floors btw.Four of us split 30 soy-garlic boneless strips and an order of seasoned fries.
Soy Garlic Boneless Strips ($28.95): each about the size of a chicken select from McDonalds, these were nice and crispy. The fried texture was more like a thin crispy fish tempura fry than the usual type of fry on a chicken tender. The sauce was okay, a little sweet but nothing special. All chicken is served with a side of fresh daikon (radish), cut up into little squares and is crunchy, fresh and delicious.
Seasoned fries ($6.95): the parmesan coating made these fries a little more special. However, not worth seven dollars. 
For a small meal or snack, four people under $40 is nice, but there are better things in Philly to snack on. Good service, sweet waitresses and our water glasses were never empty, however, the food isn't worth it here.I went with a party of five and we didn't have a wait. It was a Thursday night, the night of the night market in Chinatown so maybe people were eating there. Later on it got packed though. 
I had the onomiyaki and it will be a miracle if I spelled that correctly. That dish was big and delicious!  You gotta like seafood and mayo. I also tried the chicken which was good as usual. The chicken wasn't as spicy as I've had at other Bon Chons though. The jap chae was delicious and the bibimbap was good too! I wish they would add kimchi fries to their menu though!I have to say that the one thing guaranteed is I always come out full after my visit at Bonchon. I've tried one dish which was chicken, rice and veggies, that was really delicious. Their chicken strips and wings are amazing if they're not hot, I tried hot once, I completely lost my appetite and couldn't feel my tongue for a hour. So if you can't tolerate the heat, don't order their spicy dishes! My only annoyance with this place is their wait time. Whether you're waiting to be seated or waiting to be served, it takes TIME. They've always been busy every time I visit, but it seriously is a source of annoyance to wait a long time for our dishes. Even the appetizers come out late, so at that point there was no need to order them. However, their food quality is good.BONCHON IN PHILLY? YASSS! No more driving to soho(That place takes forever anyway). I came here with two friends, and got seated right away. There's a million flat screen TV's, a nice bar area and the seating is plush. I like the large windows out front, although it's only a view of the street, during the summer it would be nice to have natural sunlight enter the room. Obviously we went for some chicken. We got the half&half which is soy garlic and spicy. The spicy was spicy enough where it didn't melt my tongue off and I could actually eat more than one. Sometimes too spicy throws your taste buds off but not here! The soy garlic is very yummy too. We also ordered their seasoned fries and salmon avocado ball. LET ME JUST SAY, both were so damn good. I didn't even read what the fries were seasoned with but damn they were good. And the salmon avocado ball, is like heaven in your mouth. The sauce is similar to a Kani salad. We split the salmon avocado ball between three but it was so good that we should've each gotten one. We also got strawberry and watermelon soju, which was also very good!! I wanted to try all the flavors! NOW, our waitress, Mercedes, was AWESOME. And so is the rest of their staff. Attentive and sweet. Even though they had a crazy grand opening, the staff seemed to handle it very well. They didn't look overwhelmed and all had smiles on their faces as soon as you walk in. 
Some of the reviews on here are ridiculous. Give them a break. They LITERALLY just opened. Sometimes things don't aways go your way the first time you try something new. Doesn't mean you shouldn't go back! Opening a new business is hard and I'm sure management is doing their best to make sure everyone is happy. I highly recommend this place. I'll definitely be back!We had the shumai, salmon avocado something and the drums/wings combo. The shumai was good but its too small for an appetizer. The salmon avocado something was good and I could finish the whole thing. The drums and wings are pretty tasty and delicious I could keep eating, eating and won't stop. Would definitely comeback and recommend to friends.I was rooting for Bonchon to be my Soho-replacement for a wings fix, since it's takes 1/3 of the time to get there. So after 4 or 5 trips to Bonchon (and several dozen to Soho over the past few years), here's a head to head wing comparison:
1. Size - the wings sizes are similar
2. Crisp - Bonchon wings have roughly 80-95% of the crisp
3. Flavor - I only go for the spicy wings, and Bonchon wings are hit and miss; sometimes they're super spicy and other times not so much; Soho is spicier on average and has a more complex flavor (a hint of sweet in their spicy wings)
4. Cost - comparable, but Bonchon is cheaper when ordering large quantities (e.g. 40 wings)
5. Speed - Bonchon is faster, hands down
6. Drumsticks (Bonchon menu only) - who orders drumsticks at a korean wings spot? Same guy that orders drumsticks at Arby's
7. The pickled radish - Bonchon's have no flavor, Soho wins hands down here
First couple of times the Bonchon wings were noticeably not as crisp/flavorful as Soho but the last 2 times they have really closed the gap. Can't say the wings are quite Soho-level yet but the improvement is nice and the convenience/value can't be beat. Easily deserves 4 starsDelicious food! Especially the tacos! Great mix of foods. Everyone can find something to eat, no matter how picky. The dining area is a little squished but that's chinatown!Came here for wings. The interior is nice but the chairs are a bit uncomfortable as some don't have a backing. We got wings which took quite a while to get so I would order early. The flavor was good and the size of the wings and drums are nice. A bit expensive but its korean wings. The popcorn chicken was bad. Not worth it at all.Bonchon was my introduction to Korean double fried chicken, and I've been a huge fan ever since. The double-frying method leads to wings that are perfectly crispy on the outside and tender on the inside. The chicken comes in a few varieties: wings or drumsticks, spicy or soy garlic. Personally, I love the spicy, but I can't tolerate more than a few consecutively because the Koreans don't mess around when it comes to spice. The soy garlic wings are a little bit sweet and pack a lot of flavor into each bite. Don't forget to cleanse your palate with some daikon between wings. If you're unsure of how many to order, my friends and I can usually finish off about 10 wings each. 
I've also tried a few things other than their famous wings, and I have to say, they were a little disappointing. I've heard rave reviews about the salmon avocado ball, but when I ordered it, it was a lot of mayo and fake crab, with very little salmon or avocado. Similarly, when I ordered one of the bibimbap bowls with bulgolgi, I found that there was very little beef in comparison to rice.
The service here is pretty slow too. I don't know much about the frying process, but I can't imagine that it takes over 40 minutes for 40 wings. 
Overall, stick to the chicken and don't come too hungry because you'll be waiting for your food for a while.Bon Chon, the new hot spot in Chinatown? This placed just opened and I wanted to see what all the hype is about, so the wife and I tried it. Reading all the reviews about the long wait time, we decided to order the take out. The girl who answered the phone was nice and real helpful with choosing items off the menu. We knew we wanted to try the chicken, but needed that something extra for me to be completely satisfied with a meal. I'm not a big fan of just eating chicken. She recommended the Salmon ball, which I saw some great reviews on yelp about, so we tried it. As expected, the wait for take out was an hour. 
The restaurant is located on Cherry Street. I drove this small street many times before and never thought anything of it. Tonight was different. Bon Chon, with its two flaming heaters and bright sign lit up the place. It is definitely the gem of the block. I went in to pick up my food and the interior was just as great. As soon as you step in, you're overloaded with TVs and a giant bar on the wall. This is my kind of place! I hope they play games during football season. 
Now, on to the food. We got and order of half soy garlic and half spicy. They were both cooked to perfection! I like the soy a lot better than the spicy. The spicy was good and a lot better than others i have tasted because the spice is not so overwheming that you lose the flavor. Surprisingly the star of the dinner was the recommended SALMON BALL. I'm not sure how to describe it, but it was like kani salad wrapped in cooked sushi if that makes sense. 
As I was leaving, there was a line of people waiting to be seated and a few more people coming in to pick up there order. I can see why the long wait time and can see that Bon Chon will be the new staple of Chinatown's food and entertainment. The wait is the price you pay for premium food. I can't wait to come back just to sit at the bar and see what specialty drinks they have to offer.A lot of people told me to come try this place out. I was excited but when i did, it was pretty disappointing. I mean the service is nice and all but the restaurant is quite overpriced. I don't mind paying a lot of a meal but i'd rather have something satisfying. The food is pretty typical that anyone could possibly make. The wings are similar to Soho, crunchy but has no flavor. If i was asked to come again, i would probably hesitate.I've never had Korean Fried Chicken before, and although we had to wait about ~45 minutes before we received our order (we got a take-out because for sit-in, you have to wait longer), I thought it was really good!! Oh and just for reference, my friends and I came on a Friday evening around 5:45/6. I shared a half and half (soy ginger and spicy) wings and drums with a friend, and another friend got the strips.. my friends and I all really enjoyed our chicken haha it's worth a try if you don't mind the time and if you've never had Korean Fried Chicken before and you like chickenUsed to like this place but the service has been going downhill for bartenders and waiters. On the other hand, The hostesses have been more welcoming and sincere sounding.Wings: Absolutely delicious. Maybe even the best I've had in Philly. They are deep fried asian style and have that nice crispy finish to them that you just don't find in American hot wings. The hot sauce that they come painted in is HOT. I may have shed a tear or two in that painful ecstasy. If your tolerance for spice isn't high, you can ask them to take it down a notch. 
Drinks: Standard stuff. Beer + full liquor bar. They do daily specials, but nothing to write home about. We tried the watermelon soju cocktail once - we ordered a pitcher and were mildly disappointed when an average sized bottle arrived at the table. One night out, we told our waiter that we were looking to consume something a little on the stronger side and he suggested a custom house cocktail that would "make us go blind" -but don't worry, we retained our sight! 
Atmosphere: Really fun. The entire front of the bar is open to the street which is really nice in the summer months. Noise level is manageable, music is good, TV screens alternate between Asian music videos and all relevant sporting events. 
The best part is that they're open till 2am every night (except Sunday, I think) - it's so comforting to know that Bonchon has my back whenever the craving hits.Great customer service left me with an awesome impression about this location! 
The chicken was amazing as per usual.
However, the Parmesan garlic fries came out a little cold. As soon as I told the waiter, without a problem, he immediately heat them up and gave us extra chicken! It. Was. Amazing. 
He was extremely kind. Def would go back and recommend this location to others!!
Yummy food & awesome customer service deserves a 3 thumbs up! 
P.s.
Our waiter was the one with the white cool hair!I find myself always craving bonchon. Probably been here 20x, not even gonna lie. Whether to dine in, or take out food for lunch at workVery good Korean fried chicken. I order this at least once every couple weeks. They are on grubhub if you would prefer delivery, but the wings definitely taste better there since they stay crispy and don't hold up as well in a box. I always get half and half wings. Soy garlic and the spicy sauce are both great. It also comes with pickled daikon to cool your mouth off after a spicy wing. They have tons of TVs so they must also be fun to watch a ball game.I am hoping they get more consistency in the next few weeks. The grand opening was horrendously prolonged and once they did open it has been rocky.
Ordered the wing and drumstick combo with half&half lunch special with the pickled radish. The chicken was less meaty than what you get at Cafe Soho but the sauce and crisp level are good.
The radishes were poorly done. They tasted fresh but didn't have the correct flavor. It appears they did not give the radish enough time to pickle prior to serving them.
The servers seemed a touch disorganized as well. When asked for utensils, they seemed to struggle to find them. That seems a touch ridiculous for a restaurant to struggle when you ask for a fork. 
The final straw for me with this place was they decided last minute NOT to open today for lunch. I think the fact that they keep on having last minute changes leads me to not expect consistency with them. I wish them luck with their endeavor but not sure when I will be returning for another meal. Despite Cafe Soho being much further, it is definitely worth the drive at this point in time.came back after a month to see if the quality of chicken got any better. it hasn't, I'm still not convinced it's double fried. the chicken comes out warm, and the first bite I take into the wings is soft, no real crisp. 
if we're talking about bonchon (my hometown), first time I ate Korean fried wings was at Soho. I'm going to stick with my roots as they still cook their chicken to perfection. if you haven't tried Soho wings, you haven't had real Korean fried chicken.7/13/2017
First time going to this restaurant , I have to say it was well worth it !  A friend and I had high expectations. It is not that big but very well divided, bottom of restaurant was the bar and upstairs the second floor eating area its quite small almost intimate but not really, with its own little bar on the side. They have Korean -pop music blazing from the big huge TV screen planted on the wall, the server was very nice and helpful.
We ordered pot-stickers to share( a lil salty in my opinion but good)  as our appetizers half soy garlic half spicy, then we ordered 20 wings of half spicy/soy garlic. Our eyes were bigger than our stomach ! they were medium sized  we did not think we would finish it, but we miraculously devoured them one after the other.
Korean chicken compared to western techniques, comes out less greasy which makes you feel less heavy, normally I be done after 5 pieces! They do not compare to KFC or Popeye's none whatsoever!!!!!!!! 
This a franchise but they blow out any other places for a good fried chicken craving on top of having a full service bar.
Lastly my cons...
We ordered all wings.. we was given a mix of more leg since it is the same price regardless of wings or legs, we did not mind .
Bathroom needs work,  it was disgusting paper towel piling out of the trash and water everywhere not really hygienic  That it why I docked one star, other than that this place is perfect .I was really nervous to try this location out because of the mixed reviews and mixed articles about how the hype of Bonchon opening in Philly was all just talk. We've been to Bonchon in NYC and absolutely loved it. We've also been to Cafe Soho and loved it there too.
We lucked out and loved the Philly location! We made it just in time for Happy Hour so we got $3 drafts and $5 wines! Perfect for the boyfriend and I. We got the medium combo (10 wings and 5 drums)... it was $21. We got half soy garlic and half hot. I love the soy garlic more. The hot is like way too hot for me to enjoy but the boyfriend loved it. We also got a side of fries, they were so good! Maybe I should've been more specific, but I wanted the fries with our wings. It came out first and we were done the fries well before the wings even came out. The waiting game for the wings took awhile, it was almost 20 minutes! I guess this is why people get really drunk before eating since they probably just keep ordering drinks.
The service was decent. The waitress was nice. The atmosphere of the restaurant was cool. It was weird they were playing like Asian MTV music videos, but whatever. It is Bonchon.
We'll definitely be back!I give this five stars with two caveats: This was my first Korean restaurant ever and my group of ten were all rather buzzed by the time we got there. So, grain of boozy salt.
THAT SAID. IT WAS DELICIOUS. 
We got onion rings and edamame for an app. Amazing. Best edamame I've had. Onion rings were just OK but that's mostly because I prefer battered and these were breaded.
The chicken though. 
Was amazing. We got a couple combo's or something, I don't know. There was spicy and there was not spicy - some kind of soy garlic I think? Since I'm a big white baby I passed on the spicy but the soy garlic stuff was absolutely amazing and I can't wait to go. Super crispy, super flavorful, and wonderfully tender and juicy inside.
Very please to find they have three locations back home in MA, can't wait to go.I love Korean fried chicken. I came here twice and ordered the same thing, soy garlic chicken strips (because I'm too lazy to eat anything with bones). First time I got half soy and half spicy, the spicy was a bit too spicy for me so the second time I came I got only soy but it was just a tad salty but not anything water can't fix. Also got some shumai and it was alright. The servers were very nice, didn't have to wait long to be seated either. My friend and I ordered the soju lime drink, the galaxy, and the lychee martini. The best out of the three? The soju lime, it's amazing and you should definitely give it a try.Amazing food, but super long wait...especially for to-go/take out orders. 
There's been a few times I've waited over an hour for my take-out orders. I've given the restaurant the benefit of the doubt with being busy & etc. but tonight, I'm not giving them that same pass. I noticed people who sat down after me, when I order to go & ordered the same food as me get their food before I do... by a marginal time difference also. This shows their priority there.I've been here a few times with various groups.  Atmosphere is upbeat and a bit loud.  There's a bar in the center and all around you can find televisions playing either Kpop music or sports.
I've tried their tteokbokki and each time I've gotten it was different.  It's either watered down, really saucy, or really spicy.  They stop serving the item around 11pm as that's when they start their late night menu. Late night menu has a really limited selection btw.
I love their soy chicken wings! I think it's the perfect amount of sweet that you need.  Their spicy wings aren't consistent as some days it can be like a 8 on a 1-10 scale or a 4 on a 1-10 scale.  Their spicy wings are definitely not as spicy as SoHo's Korean Chicken.I have been to Bonchon a few times. I usually love their wings, but last visit the wings seemed a little greasier than usual. Overall, good food, drinks, and atmosphere. I find the amount of television in the small space a little overwhelming, but perhaps fans of Kpop enjoy it better.I really wanted to love this place but sadly it did not live up to expectations. My boyfriend and I stopped in late on a Sunday night recently thinking there wouldn't be much of a wait. When we got there we were told there would be an hour wait but luckily there were two seats on the end of the bar available. 
From my experience, the environment is pretty typical for a Korean wing restaurant with trendy k-pop videos playing in the background. The staff was very friendly and the food came out pretty quickly. Beer selection was a little disappointing. 
Let's get to the food. The appetizers were outstanding. The salmon avocado ball is a must try! The dumplings were crispy and flavorful , some of the best I've had, covered in soy garlic and spicy sauce. The problem was the chicken. We ordered half and half and got both wings and strips and they just weren't that good. They were lacking in sauce and crispiness. Since Bonchon chicken just recently opened I want to give them the benefit of the doubt. I'm hoping I just stopped in on a bad night so eventually I hope to get back there to give them another chance but until then Cafe Soho is the place to go for Korean fried wings in Philly.Food was great and the service is a huge improvement.  Food was ready and served in 10-15 minutes.  Very pleased.Second time here first time chicken wings and shrimp shunmai were decent, but took almost 30 minutes to come out. Second time we actually ended up waiting over 40 minutes and ended up leaving without ever receiving our order. No one in site working seemed to even care or notice us leaving after waiting over 40 minutes and watching other people who came later get food right in front of us.This location has a very interesting layout.  I like it! The food tastes the same as other BonChon locations but I think their spicy might actually be way spicier!! The seasoned fries were also very good and they have happy hour drink specials!Here with a few friends on a Friday afternoon for lunch, and we all got their lunch special. At $8.99 with 8 wings and a side, it's a pretty good deal (their wings are usually $12 for 10, no sides included). The wings are fantastic, double fried so they are crispy on the outside and super tender inside. Both choices of sauce--spicy and soy garlic--are great, though I must say the spicy one is a bit too hot for me, and I usually love spicy food. 
We also got an order of popcorn chicken for the table to share. The portion was generous, and I would say good for a group of 4 - 6 to split. It comes with a spicy kimchi mayo sauce, which was pretty good. We all got different sides: fries were nice and quite heavily battered, kimchi cole slaw was quite special but also pretty spicy, the white rice was a bit disappointing. 
Service was attentive but not memorable. If anything, the hostess seems to be the most enthusiastic about her job in the whole restaurant. Decor of the restaurant is modern, but they have more TVs than they do tables (seriously...we counted at least 12 TVs).
The novelty of Bonchon and Korean fried chicken in general seems to have worn off a bit, but I still think Bonchon offers some of the best wings in the city.Bonchon Chicken has some of the crispiest fried chicken I've ever had...and some of the spiciest! We got a platter of 40 wings and drums, half sweet and half hot. The hot was so hot you wishes you could stop eating it, but it was too temptingly crispy to stop. And the hot made you wish the sweet was slightly spicier. It made for a nice combination, though--most of us alternated between the two so we could still feel our mouths by the end of the meal. Would definitely return for the chicken and to try their other dishes, which looked great--we were just too full!Of course Philadelphia gets a Bonchon after I move out of the city! I miss the city every day, and one of the things I miss the MOST about Philly is the plethora of food options that are available. Chinatown is no exception, and Philly getting a Bonchon is the best news, like, ever. 
My friend had never had Korean fried chicken before, and on our last visit back to the city, I knew I had to change that. Bonchon is open late, so after a few drinks a block or so away, I knew where we had to go for post-drink munch time. We ordered half spicy and half soy garlic, but I did warn my friend that the spicy wings do not play around. He thought, "How spicy could they possible be?" I thought, "You gon' learn today." 
The wings came, and we went for the soy garlic first. Heaven! Just as good as any Korean fried chicken I'd had elsewhere. Next up: spicy. I struggled through it (I'm half-Korean and half-can't-handle-real-spice-wimp) and my friend's eyes opened wide, telling me we had made a terrible mistake. He liked them, though, so he ate more, but I don't think he'll be ordering the spicy on our next visit. 
Our server was this really awesome guy. I forgot to write a review right after our trip so now I can't remember his name, or I'd give him a huge shoutout.First of all i wish you guys the best of luck with the new business. Now let's get to the point. I came on the grand opening night and ordered for take out at 6:30pm i ordered for 20pcs strips and one of the hostess/waiter said it will take about an hour, and i was fine with it and try to kill an hour. An hour pass and i came back thinking it was done and what did i get? I get an apology saying that "we RAN OUT strips and the kitchen guys did not inform me. would you like to switch to wings instead?" So i politely ask her "ok change it to wings but how long is it going to take? Are you going to rush the order out?" And she said "oh if i put this order in you will have to wait another hour, I'm so sorry for this." So i waited and kill an hour of my life for nothing in this 15° weather. Owner/manager would not even do anything. Thanks bonchon philly!! You guys rock!!Stopped in for quick dinner after a nice jog.  I've been looking to try this place since they opened.  It was a fairly quiet tuesday night, although I think it may get busy during their late night happy hour.  There's a live acoustic performer.  We started with the salmon avocado ball recommended by our server.  It was a salad with imitation crab with, cucumber, and spicy mayo topped with a layer of cooked salmon.  It was good except I thought the amount of dressing was a bit much.  I ordered the bibimbap with bulgogi, a korean dish that I always get.  This dish was disappointing here because the rice was mushy and the meat did not have enough flavor.  My boyfriend ordered the spicy chicken sliders which was probably the best thing out of the whole meal.  He also ordered a mango sorbet covered with white chocolate shell and chocolate fudge on top.  I don't expect much from asian dessert, it was mehhh.  I think he slightly enjoyed it.  I know this place is known for fried chicken, I will probably come back to try that because the atmosphere is nice here.  The downstairs bar is roomy and live musician makes it even better.  They play music videos as well when there are no performers.I came in on a Saturday night in December. Service was fine but the food was great! Their soy garlic chicken wings are to die for. I can't wait for my next visit.I got here and was seated promptly upstairs with 2 other occupied tables.  I placed my lunch order for the chicken and proceeded to wait.  Another couple was brought up to the seating area about 10 minutes after me and also placed the same exact order.  
30 minutes into waiting, the couple that was seated after me gets their entire order while the table before me and I looked at each other like "Wtf just happened?"
I waited 45 minutes in total, no one came to tell me what was going on and even if I were to fill in the blanks myself and say the chicken needed to be cooked, that still doesn't explain how the couple after me got their order first.  
I've been here several times and this is the worst experience I've ever had.Bomb wings, half & half are my go to. Pretty good drinks, defiantly have to stop by if you're in the area.The service is always great here. There are a few employees here that have been here for awhile and they are always on point. My boyfriend absolutely loves the soy garlic wings! I've never had a bad experience here and the food is well worth the cost.Best fried chicken ever! We have been ordering it weekly.  The season fries rate delicious, but they could be crisper. The chicken is crispy and juicy at the same time. They are plump and full of flavor.I'm glad that they finally opened one in Philly, however I'm not that impressed. I'm going to start off by telling you about my experience with the food. 
The lg soy wings were very tasty, sweet, salty and had that great crunch factor. The chicken itself was very large and plump in size, a lot larger than wings you'll find being served at soho. I also ordered the salmon avocado ball as an app. It was great! I highlyyy recommend! It reminded me of a kani salad. I believe it was covered in crispy salmon and this delicious creamy sauce on the outside and filled with good stuff like cucumbers, faux crab on the inside. Sooo good. Only complaint that I have is that my fries came out like 10 mins after my entree. 
The atmosphere was so and so. It's small. Tables are small, space is cramped. It is always busy. The bathrooms... There is only one bathroom for both genders!? I suggest you hold it. The wait to be seated can be 45 mins sometimes, which is too much! Overall I think it's best to call for takeout before you take that drive downtown, skip eating in.Unlike my friends, particularly Nathan C, I did not enjoy the overly-hyped food at Bonchon. When we arrived, we were seated promptly and were able to order our choice of wings in a friendly manner. However, the speed of service proved very slow, and the food quality did not live up to the long wait. Despite us being in a group of 11, the wait was unreasonable considering it was a wait for overly-fried chicken wings. While they are not bad, the wings are very dry and overly crispy (there is not enough meat on the wing in proportion to the crispy breading). While I did not want "soggy wings," I did want some meat to complement a crispiness with the breading. Also, the two sauces available on the wings reach extremes that make the wings "boring" to eat after 1 or 2. The spicy sauce is too spicy that makes them harder to eat, while the Garlic Soy sauce has a dominating garlic flavor that makes the wings overwhelming. The two sauces together did not complement well, and the flavor was ultimately disastrous. Overall, the wings were not saucy enough, the sauce available did not satisfy good flavor, and the wings did not have enough meat to the bone. While I do enjoy fried chicken coming from the Southeast, I would probably refrain from returning, to the dismay of Nathan C.Late late night snacking and their KFC was amazing. The quality of the chicken got a lot better than the first time I went and their octopus balls (don't know how to spell it) was good too. Service was fast as their wasn't much people dining. One complaint was that I wish they cleaned the tables and floors better. Felt sticky sitting and walking around.I love Bonchon! I got half soy garlic & half spicy wings and they were super crispy and so delicious. The spicy wings were my favorite, its actually hot so beware. I also got Korean tacos which were also really good. It had the right amount of flavor in every bite.. Now I know why everyone raves about Bonchon!Ive been a few times with friends and the chicken is delicious, but this place really needs to reconsider their prices. There are so many cheaper and delicious alternatives in Chinatown. Even the sides are expensive- 7$ for fries?!? Every time I consider coming here i can't justify the price for a mediocre casual atmosphere with loud music and some lengthy wait times.Most new restaurants start out strong and tail off over time. Bonchon is the opposite. The first few times we went (right after they opened), the wings were sub-par on all fronts. Since then it has gradually improved, and 2 years later, the wings we got today are just about as good as any korean wings I've had.
One noticeable thing about today's wings is how consistently large they are. The crisp was right on and the spice was good, maybe a tad on the low side but still enjoyable. We tried bonchon and kyochon in Manhattan and were disappointed with both (wings were 1/2 size, weak flavor) - neither can hold a candle to the Philly bonchon.
I'm a fan of the spicy though the soy garlic is pretty good too. They have a lot of other dishes on the menu, many of which I've tried. They're all decent but don't stand out like the wings do. We will definitely be back, and soon.In dire anticipation of BonChon's opening of its Philadelphia location, my husband and I dined in, for lunch, on its soft opening (2/18). As with any soft/ grand opening of an establishment, there will be the usual growing pains. We expect it of any business, newly opened. 
I've had BonChon on several occasions in NYC and Jersey City so I knew what to expect in terms of the menu items. My husband, on the other hand, was a bit confused about the difference between the drums and wings. And from reading the other reviews, it seems that there are many folks who have never had the real BonChon and as a result do not understand the menu. 
The "wings" are actually the first and second pieces of the actual chicken's wing, separated. The first piece looks like a little miniature drumstick and the middle piece (also my fave) has that delicious piece of fat (don't judge me but I call it the armpit). If we lived in a perfect world, chicken wings would be two middle pieces joined by the "armpit" although I don't know what that would actually mean for the chicken... Anyway, the "drums" are actual chicken drumsticks... the big ones. I know you've seen them at the supermarket. Perfect for people who want more chicken and less sauce. 
We ordered the small wings in half and half sauce. Of course this meant we would receive a mixture of first and second pieces of the wings. My husband loves the drumstick shaped pieces (another reason I married him), we shared this order with a some white rice and extra crunchy radish. 
We also ordered the Salmon Avocado Ball.... I had this for the very first time this past fall in NYC while wedding dress shopping and I've been an addict ever since! Everyone should have at least one Salmon Avocado Ball in their lifetime. We are so glad there is a BonChon in Philly! We will be back!
UPDATE: We went back much sooner than expected (last night) so rather than post an updated review, I will just continue where I left off. 
Since they've only been open three days and I've had BonChon wings twice, I'm feeling blessed! We returned much sooner because we discovered some friends who NEVER had BonChon. Our wait for a table was an hour because they were swamped... I was pleasantly surprised that we got our table on time. 
Because we brought some friends, we were able to order a variety of other items I wanted to try. In addition to Half and Half Wings and a couple Salmon Balls, we also ordered Potstickers, a couple orders of Bulgogi Sliders, & Bulgogi Bibimbob. 
Potstickers, I couldn't manage a photo because half of the potstickers were gone by the time my camera was out. I need not say more!
Bulgogi Bibimbob really hit the spot. As a Korean, I was really regretting not ordering the bibimbob on the soft opening day. And everyday since had been a struggle. Craving satisfied! (Ask for extra hot sauce)I'm a regular at bonchon and I like the wings and the food. But the hostesses suck. I have never had a pleasant experience with them. They have no manners whatsoever. They should learn to greet customers properly. Rude as hell.Yup, Im gonna grade down for the 85 minute wait.  I suppose I should take some of the blame, after all I was with 4 friends so a table for 5 is slightly harder to fit in compared to a 4 or 2 top.  However, there's a few things not quite right yet with the place, in my opinion.
First off, they told us it would be a 45 minute wait. We were ok with that and waited on the side-walk out front since it was a packed Saturday night with great weather.  However after it got past the 45 min wait, my friend, who's name our table was under, had to repeatedly ask what the status was. They made little effort to keep us up to date and we watched larger tables get seated.  The staff was friendly but perhaps less trained than they should be for such a place in demand.  We stuck with it to try it figuring we'd maybe never bother again.
The food was very good.  We read yelp reviews so were ready to order before the server left our table on her first visit.  The sesame ginger salad was great and for around $9 it easily fed all 5 of us with left over.  We ordered 60 pieces of chicken and the chicken was really good.  The spicy was very hot so I was glad to alternate between that and the garlic pieces.  I recommend ordering the two flavor.  Wish they had more flavors on the menu though.
The floor was grease slicked and the stairs were scary - so be very careful to hang on to that railing!  
I'd like to stop in when they fade in popularity and or a less popular time.  It seemed like there wasn't a single person that left the bar the entire hour and half we waited for our table.
I wish Federal Donuts would open a place with a bar that was open all night.  Their chicken is even better in my opinion and dry rubbed flavors more appealing to me.
All in all, Im glad Bonchon is in philly. I hope it gets more efficient and faster.We were worried aboit seating but was seated right away. There wasn't that many busy tables but we still waited about 45 mins for the chicken. I thought the size of the chicken was too big and it wasnt as crispy as I would have liked.Came here pretty drunk on a Thursday night. We got the dumplings and chicken wings (obviously). I have to say the wings were on point! I didn't think they would be good as soho, and they're not but it's almost there, they just need to make the wings bigger like soho does but for being there on a 2am on a drunken Thursday night ,it was pretty solid. Customer service was amazing! But then again there was no one else really there haha.Chicken was not as crispy as Soho's, but definitely had more meat on the bone, which I preferred. More protein and less of my arteries getting clogged up. Both equally tasty, but Soho needs to stop starving their chickens before throwing them in the deep fryer. It's terrible to die, but it's a tragedy to die starving. I highly recommend the fancy coleslaw onion burger majiggy (forgot the name) and will be coming back to try some of their other entrees. Also, I don't quite understand why reviewers are throwing a fit about wait times. Bonchon has been opened for 2 full days. 1 being the soft opening and the other their grand opening. On top of that, it's in Chinatown on the week of Lunar New Years...C'MON MAN!
UPDATE: The "fancy coleslaw onion burger majiggy" is the bulgogi slider. I'm slightly disappointed with the change of bun, but it's still pretty good.Chicken is good but service is bad! Went for a takeout and the lady on the register taking order is nasty. There were not a lot of people on the place and she's still very nasty.Huge fan of Bonchon. This is the place to go when I'm hungry at night since they're open until 2am. I come probably once or twice a week and they never disappoint. The ambiance is casual and hip with music videos and pop music playing in the background. The bar is also good for drinks and Asian style cocktails with soju. 
I love the fried chicken, specifically the wings. The soy garlic is amazing and though the spicy ones are pretty spicy (caution: don't order unless you can handle a lot of spiciness), they're amazing and a good balance. The free radish that comes with the chicken is a perfect palate cleanser and the combination of the flavors works really well. I highly recommend to anybody who's looking for a late night snack. They also have happy hour drink specials which are also pretty good.Their chicken is GOOOOOOOOD. If you are getting bear, get a bottle cuz their draft ain't that good.This Bonchon is great. I fell in love with Bonchon's wings when I tried their location in Arlington, VA. I really think they mastered the Korean fried chicken recipe. I have tried a bunch of different Korean wing places, but none have been as good. When I heard Bonchon was opening a location in Philly, I was excited but also nervous about it being as good. After the craziness with the grand opening blew over, I decided to try the place. I was very impressed with the layout of the place, as well as the quality of food and service.  The seating area is two floors. There are four giant TVscreens visible from both floors because of the open layout. It is a cool design and fun place for lunch and dinner. The food is just as good here as it was at the Arlington location. The glass noodles and fried rice are also delicious. But dont get too full for the wings!I loved Bon chon chicken in NYC but for some reason that I can't pin point, this experience was not as good. The waitress was very nice, the fried rice was great but the chicken tasted very salty. The air conditioning upstairs was very cold and I just did not feel the same ambiance as the NYC location.Finally got a chance to eat at bonchon today. The decor and ambiance is fun and young. The chicken isn't as good as soho...yet. The flavors are almost identical but the texture/temperature are different. Bonchon wings aren't as crispy and they aren't piping hot when they come out. I think they are frying them first and having it sit until a order comes in then doing the 2nd fry.   I hope they change this technique.This is Korean double-fried chicken done right. Big chicken wings and drumsticks that's super crispy covered in a yummy glaze. I recommend getting half spicy and half soy-garlic. If the chicken is too spicy, just switch over to the sweet soy garlic. The cycle continues and you never get tired of eating it. 
We also ordered the takoyaki and spicy chicken dolsot bimimbap. Takoyaki was great. But beware, they're really hot when they come out. While I did enjoy the bimimbap too, I would have liked it if the rice was left in the stone pot more because it wasn't crisp enough. Also, the gochujang that came with it was very watery. But other than that, it was all delicious. 
The service was honestly great. Perhaps it was because we came a few minutes before the dinner rush but the food came out really fast. The waiters were constantly checking up on us and refilling our waters. It was a fun atmosphere with tons of kpop videos playing in the background. Will look forward to coming back again.Had an hour to kill and it was 1am on a Thursday night so went to bonchon for a few drinks. Located on Cherry which is not on the main drag of Chinatown (10th street), bonchon was still easy to find. I cannot comment on the food, I ate already  that night but the space is attractive and welcoming. There are 2 floors with tables on both. The ground floor is dominated by the center bar.  The site is dark but clean and modern. I counted 8 flatscreen TVs downstairs (more upstairs), in addition to a large projection screen, showing sports and American and Korean pop music videos (audio played in the restaurant as well).  Bartender (Asian girl with tattoos) was very friendly as well, making sure I had a drink when I was running empty. I didn't inquire about drink specials but overheard they do a $5 top shelf shot on Thursdays. My Sam Adams summer ale seasonals were $7 a draft which I thought was fair. 
My positive commentary is mostly on the space and bar and not on the food but I assume it's in line with other bonchons. Would come back. They closed at 2am the night I went.It gets packed fast and always even on a weeknight there is a line. I wish they had more seating. Service is fine but the sauce isn't as thick as it is in NY.Had to open a Yelp account just to write this review....
I will be back next week!!!! 
I'm so happy To have Bon Chon in the heart of Chinatown. How perfect to have the grand Opening on Chinese New Year too 2/19/2015. 
Expect a wait for this place because of high demand. Expect great food with fun atmosphere filled with huge TV screens. 
Congratulations Bon Chon for bringing diversity in Chinatown!I have been here twice so far and both experiences were decent. Firstly, their hostesses are not very attentive. When it's busy, they just tell everyone that there is a wait. Even when asking for the bar both times I've gone, they also say there is a wait. When clearly there are two barstools open.... I have to mention to them that there are seats open for them to seat me. They obviously give me a dirty look first then seat me. Their soy sauce chicken is okay. I like soho's better though. When ordering the combo, sometimes they have these obscenely large drumsticks on the bottom. They almost look like turkey legs that you eat at Medieval Times. The time I went with my boyfriend there was a table seated next to us. They were so loud and obnoxious that everyone in the restaurant was clearly annoyed with them. Yet the owner and the servers did nothing about it. The owner was seated at the bar near us yet he just ignored them. If a table is causing a scene, you should do something about it so you don;'t lose other customers. There's one bartender who has served me both times, he is the only awesome thing about bonchon. He's nice, and considerate. The other male bartender is whatever. He flirts with other customers and I had to get my bf to scream "YO" in order to get his attention. I'd rather take the 20 min travel up 76 to go to soho than deal with rude hostesses, and obnoxious tables.You guys get the drift from the other reviews. I waited too long and paid too much for what I could get from several other places. It was okay food, okay drinks, okay service. 
The atmosphere is good for big groups of college kids. Not sure if that's a bonus or a detractor for you.
The wings are actually my least favorite part of anything we had there, there are better places to get Korean fried chicken (the little hole-in-the-wall Chx & Wings is a shocker on how good ALL the chicken is.)I was staying at the sleep inn right near china town. Every night I saw this place packed so I decided to try it. Everything from the Parmesan fries to the chicken potstickers was amazing. The chicken is made just right and mouth watering none the less. If your looking for a good wing spot with a Asian twist this is def the best spot to eat!Made us wait 20 minutes extra for the wrong order. Server made me feel uncomfortable and acted as if she was superior. Lady you're serving chicken, get over yourself. 
I won't be coming here again, very disappointed.
2 stars because the chicken is good.We used to be a big fan of Soho Cafe, but earlier in the year the quality just changed. We switched to Bonchon when they opened in Philly. We love the marination here and the size of the wings are good, we always order the Soy Garlic flavor. Our favorite appetizer here is the Salmon Avocado Ball, it's to die for! The only "problem" we have I think is whenever we specifically ask for just chicken wings, no drumsticks, they always say that they can't separate it. Or sometimes a server would say "OK" and then still come back with a plate of mixed wings and drumsticks. It confuses me because on the menu, the wings and drumsticks have difference pricing. I just want wings, not drumsticks, is that so hard? As for the soju, I think I prefer Soho better. Aside from that, their customer service is okay. I have a service dog, so sometimes when I have her, I call ahead and tell them that and they are able to accommodate me.
Good for the price, nice atmosphere with multiple flat screens with music (and a big projector screen), open til 2 AM, and only 12 minutes away from where we live. No complaints there.
Tip: it's better when you eat there rather than ordering take-out.I've never had Korean food before so this was my first time trying it. I have to say that it was very tasty. There was a lot of different sauces and textures. I had the Korean tacos and another Korean dish. Both were very good and very spicy. The service was excellent as they kept up with the massive amount of refills I needed to compete with the spicyness. It seemed like they were known for their chicken wings but I didn't get around to trying them. Overall it was a very good destination for some tasty food in Chinatown.In the beginning I thought it was pretty decent. If I had to give it a scale from 1-10, it was a 7 and Cafe Soho would be a 8.5-9. After trying it out a few more times I will have to downgrade my rating to 6. The only reason I would go is because it is so much closer to the city than Cafe Soho.
Let's start with the chicken itself. I feel like they are being a bit stingy with the sauce and not evenly coating the chicken. Also the chicken itself is a bit small compared to Cafe Soho and not as crispy.
The pickled radishes are horrible compared to Soho. There are not enough pickled juice for the radishes which end up making them really dry and under pickled. I really think the radishes are quite important to the entire meal, but to fail to make such a simple dish correctly saddens me greatly. 
The Salmon Avocado Ball in the beginning was pretty good, but now I feel like it is a waste of money. There are a ton of cucumbers and not enough avocado. It's called a salmon avocado ball and not a salmon cucumber ball. I definitely feel a bit cheated when I ordered this on multiple occasions after the first time, hoping that it will taste like the first time.
Bulgogi fried rice was pretty good and not bad at all, but I do feel like it is a bit overpriced.
I fee like the soju should be placed in a different container to prevent the liquid from spilling. A carafe would be a better container in my opinion. Also compared to Cafe Soho, I feel like the soju would be better with fresh fruit and be better worth the money. 
In the end this place is decent, and the atmosphere is fun and trendy, but I feel like they are taking cheap short-cuts and lowering the quality of food.These chicken wings were just incredible. If I accidentally drowned in a vat of the soy ginger glaze...I'd be ok going out like that. The wings were huge, piping hot and satisfyingly crunchy. The pot stickers are crunchy and delicious, but the hot ones are VERY spicy so be forewarned. We got there just after it opened and there was already a 45 minute wait so that is not cool and I don't think they take reservations so consider that, but don't let it deter you from going, because it is quite worth it once your in.It's not better than Cafe Soho, let's just make that part clear. The wings however still are fire. They are way better than any American pub wing I've ever had. I've had better experiences at different Bon Chon locations but this one is still fire. I like the concept. The layout inside is great (really strong remodel). I like what they bring to that block specifically. I can and will go back. I do not think their wings are big enough, in comparison to a Soho but they still are light years ahead of wet American wings.We came here on a weekday at 5:30pm and were able to get seated right away.  We ordered the combo Drumstick and Wings - half soy / half spicy.  Overall, it wasn't bad.  The Drumstick was large and crispy BUT the meat inside was WAY overcooked and really tough.  The wings were actually really good.
The spicy ones were good.  I liked the flavor but I didn't think the soy ones had much of a flavor. 
We also ordered fries and japchae.  Japchae was good but the fries were not crispy. 
If I were to ever go back, I'd just order wings.  I'd prob still get half/half just to off balance the spiciness. 
The service was a really great.  The waitress was really attentive and really nice.very good! went for lunch with my family. the waiter was very nice. mike? the food was really good!! chicken and fried rice is a must get!I had heard good things about this place from my boyfriend who lives near one of the NY Bonchon locations so when I was in the city the other day I figured I'd stop and try the one here in Philly for lunch, I was not disappointed! The salmon avocado ball was great and I would definitely go back for more of the wings, both flavors tasted really good. Best of all they made a great drink, the Soju Lime-ade was fantastic! Service was good as well, I will definitely be back.If you are used to other Bonchon Chicken location, this one definitely seems more upscale in every aspect.
Bottom line - an amazing establishing to satisfy your wings cravings. Venues seems okay with crowds.
I had a really needy and weird group that came in different waves. The staff working at that time we're definitely really patient with us and fulfilled our orders within reasonable timeframe. In this case we definitely benefited by being a large group not during the busiest time.
I highly recommend wings, period. That's it. A small wing combo have satisfied me from a state of extreme hunger. Others have ordered different appetizers and have enjoyed them, but to me this is all about the wings. This location also has a bar, but it is a fairly average bar that I don't have any other impressions about.
Bonus point - no other place would have sports and K-pop playing on the same wall haha.Only one star because 0 is not an option.  Overpriced, loud, quite average to poor food makes this a really really bad choice, ESPECIALLY in Chinatown where you can find so many good bang for the buck places.  Go to the Korea-town in north Philly if you're craving really good Korean food.  Btw especially awful were the was the okonomiyaki & the Korean seafood pancake.  Happy hunting.Crispy delicious double fried korean chicken. I have only ever had the strips here... they aren't heavily breaded but very crispy- do urself a favor and get half of spicy half of the soy garlic- once it gets spicy af - and that will be often- switch to soy. Works perfect for me!!! So glad i tried this place- i work closeby so now it can be a regular!The chicken marinade was good. I got the soy and garlic and the hot and spicy. They were both delicious. Spicy could have been spicier. But in general the flavor could have been more prominent in the chicken. I think soho has a stronger marinade. The chicken is a bit smaller than the one at SOHO too. 
Service was great, and i love how they have the window open for a more open space since it is pretty small.
It took us an hour to get our chicken even though they said 15-20 minutes. I dont think they were ready for an order of 140 wings.
My friend said the salmon ball is not worth it. it has a small portion of salmon, and is mostly cucumbers.Happened to be in town in Philly. I never tried any of the Korean chicken franchises, so I decided to try Bonchon. 
We ordered half and half w/ a combination of wings and drumsticks. The chicken stayed hot for a long time, so that was a plus. I would say the chicken was fried perfectly well as it had that crispy texture that I look for when I'm eating fried chicken. B/w the two sauces I preferred the soy ginger flavor over the spicy. 
My only gripe was that the food took a long time to arrive and there weren't too many customers when we were there. 
Overall I would say that it wasn't too memorable for me as I tried other chicken places that had better tasting sauce options. I would still come back if I was in town.I went here yesterday for take-out after the Philadelphia Party at the Parkway to see Boys II Men to get some of Bonchon's chicken. Everything went well until I went home which is 25 minutes away to find out that they messed up my order and instead of spicy they have me regular which was burnt. They also forgot to place the side order that I paid for in the bag as well as the sauces. By far the worst experience I had here and I'm not going back. I placed my order over the phone and they called me when it was ready only to have to wait 20 minutes in the store before my order was ready. Why not just call me when my complete order was ready? Customer service is horrible here.