I didn't know what to expect, but I was seriously so impressed with Booker's. First, the atmosphere is lovely. A very elegant but comfortable space. Their menu has just the right amount of variety and it is priced reasonably. I had the black bean veggie burger which was so tasty. You can really tell the chef puts a lot of work into the cuisine. I was also extremely impressed with the amount of specials they had. The waitress was so kind, and made sure to let us know about everything the restaurant had to offer that evening. I will definitely be visiting again for brunch sometime very soon. So thankful for this addition to the neighborhood!A really good indicator of whether a place with really good food can stick around is how they respond to a request to shut the place down on a Saturday morning to host a private birthday party for a three year old.  We asked them for that, less than two weeks before our proposed party.  We are not the most organized parents.
Booker's did everything right, from the food to the service to the decor to how insanely willing they were to help us throw a party together at the last minute.  Jeremy, the manager, and Saba, the owner made our party the most special.  And their servers and cooks couldn't have been nicer or more willing to roll with it.  We got our own playlist and dance party, and  the food was impeccable and perfectly executed for a party of 70 who all got served at the same time.  And it was served perfectly.
If you like great food and great people serving and cooking it, go to Booker's.  Kind, lovely, and perfect.Lucky us for stumbling upon this fantastic spot! We were attending a show at the Tower Theatre and tried to find a place close by before the show!
We arrived a little late for our reservation but were still warmly welcomed. The decor is the first thing we noticed. Industrial Chic is how I would describe it. The wood floors and color accents are fantastic.
Our server was great. She explained the specials and gladly provided a list of her favorite recommendations. She was very enthusiastic about the food. We went with a few small plates and shared a burger. 
Our waitress started us off with a complementary order of the most amazing potato crisps and a white truffle sour cream. They were super crispy and salted perfectly. I could have eaten just those for dinner but we had lots of other goodies coming!
The Brussel sprout casserole is what every Brussel sprout should strive to become. Cheesy, creamy, more cheesy with some french onions on top for a crisp. This dish alone was worth the trip!
The brisket biscuits were good. The biscuits fell apart which made them fork and knife food instead of finger food. The sauce was good, I would have preferred a little more wetness but I enjoyed them! 
The cheese curds were good. They were different then cheese curds I had in the past. These were definitely fresh made and larger in size. 
The burger we shared was good, but not the most exciting part of the meal. The fries on the other hand, they were amazing! This place just knows what to do with potatoes! 
Check this place out! I'd definitely go back!Definitely one of the worst meals I've ever had in my life. Fried chicken was dry as hell, Mac and cheese tasted like chlorine/straight tap water. Collard greens had chunks of dirt/sand. Nothing that me or my friend with me had was anything above mediocre. Can't believe the prices they charge for such below average food. Standards here are insanely low.I would say this place is very mediocre.  The service wasn't great, but not terrible.   We went for breakfast and had Eggs Benedict, but instead of poached eggs, they fried them.  Why?   How hard is it to poach eggs?  Does the chef not know how?  You can't put fried eggs on corn bread (also weird), with like 1/2 teaspoon of hollandaise and call it Eggs Benedict.  I wouldn't go here again.Me and my roommate had been meaning to stop in here for a while. Wanted to try a new local  place and support a black business! Came in Friday evening and what an experience it was. The ambience and decor in this place is excellent. Very much date night/nice night out vibes. We were greeted warmly by all of the staff and our serve Shae brought us to our table. I ordered the pan seared trout with green beans and these small potatoes. My friend ordered the mac and cheese stuffed meatloaf. And....WOWWWW. The food was so damn good. The trout was cooked perfectly with a nice crispy skin on the outside. My friend's dish that I tried was so well seasoned and the meat was juicy. We ordered dessert. Waffle ice cream sandwich for me with chocolate sauce subbed in instead of the strawberry and peach cobbler. Both were bomb.com. From start to finish an excellent night.  Shoutout to our waitress Shae who was amazing! Such good vibes and energy from her. Also the manager (I didn't catch his name) who took the time to check in on us and made sure not to pull my plate away until I had that last perfect bite. We will be back!I was so excited to finally be eating at Bookers- we decided to do this on my Mom's 72nd birthday. So we went into restaurant the day before and asked whether we needed a reservation for the following day for a party of 6. They said no reservation necessary but if more than 6 people they recommend that we call ahead. We arrived on Monday eve as planned at 530pm to be met by a man who we can only presume was the Manager who very curtly ushered us out by informing us that the restaurant was closed and there was a private event that was planned way ahead in advance. We informed him that we stopped in the day before and was not alerted of this event when mentioning that we would be coming in the following day.. he said sorry and quickly shut the door behind us.. honestly that experience dulled my taste buds for them.. Booooooo!!! Very, very bad service..Dreadful operations do no justice to the amazing food. Air con was not working: inside temp was in the 80s. We had to wait 30 mins for our drinks, but the management did comp them. Our server clearly had no training, and we had to wait too long for all courses. We want to return for the incredible food but wouldn't do so any time soon without evidence of operational improvement.Great addition to the neighborhood! My 3rd visit for brunch and each time I visit it seems to get even better. Seriously good food and fantastic service. Parking has not been a problem.I really liked this restaurant a lot.  It has a very funky vibe.  It has indoor/outdoor seating.  They have several interesting vegetarian options, including a vegan jambalaya (!).  I had the veggie Black Bean Burger, and, honestly, it was one of the best burgers that I have had in a long time.  I recommend this restaurant.I met up with a few coworkers on a Saturday and we went here. I have been trying to make it back since!
I really liked the place and thought the food was excellent. They even let my one coworker bring his bike in out of the rain. Mind you it was a folding bike. 
So I hope to make it back and add more details to my review. In the meantime try and get there yourself! No self important yelp review will make your life complete!Cute spot in west Philly! Went for graduation dinner the atmosphere is really nice loved the vibe with the lighting and wooden tables. The food however was just okay I would say for the price. Nice presentation but the portions were on the smaller side and was overall a little too salty.This place is truly a gem.  I had dinner here with my sister (a very picky eater) last night and we had a great time.  Booker's is so beautifully decorated - has the feel of an upscale restaurant, but at reasonable prices.  The food is delicious and the wine selection is amazing.  I ordered the Caesar salad, fries, mushroom w/ cheese, and plenty of Merlot.  
The service is excellent.  From the time we arrived to the time we left the entire staff was simply a class act.  They have so much patience....so friendly.  
Parking is ample.  By the time we finished dinner, the restaurant had filled up considerably, so although Booker's is only 5 weeks old it looks like word is getting out.  I'll definitely be coming back!I am so happy that this place has opened up in the neighborhood. My husband and I had dinner there (with our 1-year-old) last week on Friday night. The whole experience was very nice, and we plan to make this our go-to neighborhood spot (with or without our baby). I had been a little nervous to bring a child without knowing whether the place was set up for children, but the entire staff was very attentive, kind, and accommodating to us and our son. We were seated right away when we arrived at approximately 6pm on a Friday, our food came fairly quickly, and it was delicious. The food was affordable and high quality. We both had the waffles -- my husband had the chicken and waffle and I had the vegan falafel waffle. Both were delicious. I also like that the restaurant has a separate section for the bar seating; it looks like it would be a nice place to go for a fun evening out and we definitely plan to return.Amazing friendly service. Very kind manager and attentive waitstaff. Great French toast and chicken and waffles! Wish I lived near here to come regularly.Tried Booker's last night for the first time. Great meal - the service was topnotch. Patrons and staff very friendly. I'll be sure to return.Food was really amazing!!! I got the shrimp and grits which did not disappoint. Perfect balance of flavors. Drinks were okay and service was okay which is why I gave the 4 stars. I'd go back for the food though for sureI heard great things about this place and I was very excited to go but I was sadly disappointed. The service was poor and the food was not cooked to order.  We did not get somethings that were ordered or came with the meal like fresh fruit or coffee. 
I hope it was just a bad day for them, I am looking forward to experiencing what others have raved about.Wow! I walked in, crowded. That's a good sign, maybe because it's St. Patrick's day. I Approached a hostess and asked " is there any seating elsewhere because I see the bar and the dining area is crowded." She walked me to the bar, found me a spot/place, no seat though, but I was alright with that. I flagged the bartender then placed a drink order and it came right away. Then another patron came in, walked up to the bar next to me and before he could say a word out of his mouth, Matt, the bartender asked him "will you be staying at the bar, do you need a chair?" I Found that strange since I was standing next to that patron. The patron stated that he was waiting for guest, but he wouldn't mind a chair. I was a little bothered by that. A short time after the same hostess, who's name begins with an "H" approached me and mentioned to me that a chair was available and she would bring it over if I would like. I said "yes" and she did. I told her that " I came to get a meal and check out the vibe, but I don't think I will now, I will finish my double shot of Bookers Bourbon and Stella then leave because of what transpired with Matt." The hostess greeted entering patrons, seated them and after awhile returned and asked me " how was everything?" I expressed myself and she said " I'm sorry you aren't satisfied." She excused herself and walked away returning with the manager. I expressed myself to him and he listened. I finished my drinks then exited.
 After leaving I came across two friends whom I haven't seen in a while; they where at the ATM. I told them about my experience and how dissatisfied I was but suggested that we have a drink since it's been awhile seeing each other and also observe Matt, so that they could tell me if what I assumed about my service was genuine or if I was making "something out of nothing." The place was now less crowded. We got seats at the bar and Andrew (Go NAVY) who served us, was the best; I mean he attended as needed and was very very polite. Unlike Matthew, who served me on my first visit. Andrew was so pleasant that I decided to spend more money, starting a tab for my friends and I and ordering the fish meal which I initially wanted to order on my first visit. Without the " Matt" experience I had an overall great time and the fish meal was very appetizing as well as satisfying. Thank you for the experience: Andrew; "H" and the MANAGER! I moved from a two(2) to a five(5)  star rating. I will go there again. I will refer friends. I will just tell them to avoid Matt.I will start by saying that the food here was very good. My boyfriend and I ordered the blueberry cheesecake French toast, the Booker's burger, and the banana pudding dessert. All of it tasted good. The reason I had to give this place 3 stars (I wanted to give 2 but the food saved them) is because the service was HORRIBLE. We waited an hour for our food and they weren't even that busy. There were 2 couples seated on either side of us that came in after us and were practically finished their food before we were even served our food. Multiple times we would ask for an extra utensil or for a side of ketchup or something and we would see the servers just chatting away taking 5-10 mins to grab what we needed. This place was already kind of out of the way for us as it was and I really wanted to like this place but between the absolutely terrible service and the location, I won't be visiting here again unfortunately.We came here after visiting the Please Touch Museum. We found it on Yelp and it seemed like a good option since it was 2 miles away and had good reviews online. 
Ambiance/Decor:
The restaurant has good ambiance- decor is nice and modern, but somewhat rustic.  There is a nice bar area with high top seating. Tables are wooden and glossy. The seating against the wall is missing some buttons and the soap in the bathroom was  watered down to the point that it didn't make any suds. The restaurant seemed clean. Menus were large and double sided and laminated. Kids menu were printed with a maze and a few things to color. Overall, it had a good vibe and they played good music. 
Service: 
Our waitress came over right away to get our drink orders. The kids ordered lemonade and water, I order a rosé that came bottled. She came back to let us know there was no lemonade, which the kids were sad about. She dropped off the mini bottle of rosé but forgot to bring a glass for it to be poured into for quite some time. Taking our order was admittedly not easy with one vegan and one person with a severe dairy allergy. She handled it well and was able to make some substitutions and reassured us about the safety of the food we order for the toddler with the milk allergy. 
Food:
The kids had pancakes, bacon and eggs and all seemed happy. The toddler with the milk allergy ate bacon, eggs, and French fries and he also loved his food. The adults ordered banana French toast (bananas were not ripe but French toast was good), vegan tofu scramble (which was fantastic and served with the tastiest potatoes, but was also the only true vegan option on the brunch menu), pancakes, grits, and home fries (also happy with his food). Overall, the food was good and we were happy! 
I got the impression this place was newish and may have some kinks to work out, but I think they are on the right track. Best of luck to them!Our meal you was excellent as was the service. Atmosphere was convivial as well. 
I think it's kinda strange that Leah M dropped her review from five stars to three just because she didn't like the creamed chipped beef. Sounds like she takes that real way too seriously.Dude... the chicken and waffles; get them and thank me later. One of the greatest brunch dishes in the history of mankind.
So I know this guy we'll leave anonymous in respect of personal privacy (cough... Byron... cough, cough) who told me to come peep this place.
I've been for both brunch and dinner. So, this may seem small potatoes to you, but seriously, the chef's potatoes are fantastic. First, the home fries are the best I've ever had. Perfectly browned, crisped and seasoned while retaining a tender inside. They're divine. When it comes to fried potatoes, it's Booker's and the lard-fried potatoes from Paesano's that reign supreme atop my mountain. Same deal... the fingerlings that come with the trout entree... perfect.
Yo chef... you sir, are the fucking potato master.
Anyway, like I said... the chicken and waffles are dope as fuck. I also had the veggie omelet... precise execution combined with the smooth & creamy texture of the goat cheese careening about the firmer veggies makes for a cacophony on the palette... plus the shit just taste divine.
I'm starting to get lazy so Cliffs Notes to follow:
* Fried smelts = solid
* Deviled Eggs = dope
* Potato Chips & truffled sour cream = dope
* Pickled Local Mushrooms = dope (of note... acidic and bring a lil' fiyah... grown folks shit)
* Buffalo Cauliflower = dope
* Caesar with Oysters = super dope
* Brussel Sprouts = super dope
* Pan Seared Trout = super dope
* Veggie Omelet = super duper dope
* Chicken & Waffles = a motherfucking superstar
The service was helpful, kind, and attentive. 
PS - Whatevs Byron... yeah yeah, you were correct. Anyway, go to Booker's... especially for brunch.I recently went on a Monday for Happy Hour which is weekdays 5 to 7 p.m. HH is for bar seating only which is kind of a drag because they do have outdoor seating. But at least there is the open windows which gives the feeling of being outside. Nice atmosphere and friendly bartender. Great variety of HH specials. I had fried calamari and fried pickles. Calamari was rubbery. Pickles were tasty. I had a summer draft beer that was refreshing and light. I'll definitely go again.UPDATE 8/20/2017 somethings should remain traditional such as chipped creamed beef. Creamed implies milk or CREAM! Here it's served in a 'brown' gravy tried it sorry this is wrong on so many levels! Something's you just can't serve with a 'twist. Now to the home fries they arrived cubed, hard(undercooked) and cold. 
ORIGINAL REVIEW! With time on my hands on the way home from a concert I decided to make use of the Yelp APP to fine a bite to eat. Bookers was open and on a major street. Upon arrival I was greeted and seated promptly. The server offered several seating options, after choosing the open door/window  seat he immediately went over the dinner specials and some popular menu items. 
To start I ordered for a glass of Prosecco, initially he didn't believe the specific item I asked for was available. It was, however it was flat but I drank it anyway! Shortly after my drink arrived I was served 'homemade' potato chips cooked in truffle oil it came with a sour cream and onion dipping mixture. The chips were so good I asked for some to go. The two finicky eaters in the house loved them as well. One stated 'these are the best homemade chips I've ever tasted'. Back to my meal.  For my appetizer I ordered the deviled eggs, the filling was not as stiff as I prefer, they also were not runny which was fine because the flavor was exceptional. Finally I had the most delicious pan seared Trout with I believe fingerling potatoes (not sure of the type)and string beans. The meals are moderately priced which matches the portion.
This place has it all for the hipsters to the mature crowd. The seating options: outdoor, bar, main dining area and large open window/door view. The service and food is excellent. On top of that did I tell you about the live band? The music performed Tuesday 7/25/17  @9:00pm is something I wouldn't typically listen to but if it sounds good it's all good and it was. I asked about Happy Hour I was pleasantly surprised to learn its everyday 5-7. 
Bookers 5021 Baltimore Ave, Philadelphia, PA IS THE PLACE TO BE!My whole fam loves this place. I would just go to get hugs from Jeremy but its an added bonus that the food is fantastic and the drinks are well-crafted.  The happy hour specials are shockingly good with small food plates at a discounted rate as well so you can go and drink 3 drinks and have 2 small plates for $20 (not including generous tip that you need to leave). We went for breakfast just recently and they actually impressed my mother (she asks for RUNNY eggs for chris'sakes, ew, and the server or cook realized the eggs were NOT runny so made another batch and gave them to us both) so that is some sort of miracle. Great place, glad its in my neighborhood, perfect median between classy and affordable yet exudes homey comfort from the decor and friendly staff.
My daughter Cat: SO GOOD! I really like the buttermilk pancakes. they were SO good! This is my favorite place!I love this place!!! I've been doing happy hours all over the city since the weather finally broke and this is definitely one of my favorites!!! First the city-wide special can't be beat! It's a pint of draft beer, a shot of whiskey and fried pickles all for $6. Such a great deal! The pickles were delicious and I tried the new Hell or High Watermelon wheat ale draft and loved it. I also tried the sangria which tasted like juice (not sure if it was made really well to mask the taste of the alcohol or barely had any in it to begin with) and the house Pinot which I loved. For food we had the deviled eggs, buffalo cauliflower, meatball parm, and calamari. The calamari was not even warm, undercooked, and under-seasoned. Two other parties also at the bar didn't like it either. One couple ate it anyway. The lady next to me sent hers back with mine. They both came back hot but still tasteless and too rubbery. We just asked for it to be removed altogether. The rest of the food more than made up for it though. The meatballs were incredibly flavorful, hot and served in a bed a sauce and gooey cheese with garlic toast. They were incredible! The buffalo cauliflower was even better! It was lightly flash fried and coated in buffalo sauce served with blue cheese dressing. The texture and flavors combined perfectly to create an amazing dish. We really wanted to order another one but were too full to do so. The bartender was very friendly and helpful although not as attentive as she could have been. I will definitely be back to support this BOB.So so solid. Only had the brunch, but every dish has been delish. Easy to get a table. Great service.1.) #WineOnTap $5 
2.) #GreensAreTheNewKale
3.) #ChickenAndWaffles
4.) #Burger
5.) #BuffaloCauliflower
Haven't tried everything yet but will! 
So Bookers atmosphere is great! The food is tasty and well seasoned. The greens need to be a side dish option. It won't put Bookers in a soul food box it will put Bookers in a smart head of the curve box! 
DO IT!Two of us had dinner at Booker's last evening and it was wonderful. Server Katie was friendly, prompt, and everything she recommended was delicious! Shrimp corndog, crab cake salad, and specials were superb. Finished with waffle and ice-cream. Perfect.
Highly recommend.Love this place!  I highly recommend the chicken and waffles. The staff is friendly, it never feels crowded. Excellent brunch spot.Very welcoming West Philly gem. A friend had a birthday brunch here with a large party and they were very accommodating. Excellent friendly service and delicious food. The ambience speaks for itself.I absolutely LOVE this place!!! The food is amazing. The shrimp and grits are made with love. The Buffalo Brussel sprouts are great! Calamari is something I usually don't eat. @ Bookers  i do! To top it off the customer service is extraordinary! Matt, Olive and Jeremy are wonderful!!!! They greet me every time I come in and makes me feel so welcomed! Its a great atmosphere here I love this place and hope it thrives for years to come!!I was hesitant to go to Booker's because I figured it would be populated by the insufferable breed of hipsters that overrun West Philly.  Much to my surprise, I saw not a single hipster at Booker's!  It took a little while to be seated because there wasn't a clear host and it seemed like the bartender was functioning as bartender, waiter, and host.  He was very nice but a big problem throughout the meal was that they seemed to be really understaffed.  We must have waited an hour for an omelette and home fries.  They did bring out the buffalo cauliflower right away and it was incredibleeeee.  So cripsy and perfect sauce flavor.  The omelette and home fries were good, too.   Overall I enjoyed the food but service left a lot to be desired.  The waiter was nice but seemed overburdened with responsibility.  Maybe this was a one off.  I'll definitely go back sometime and see if they do better next time.Mat the bar manager is extremely attractive. Yelp said a one-sentence review is too short, so I'll say it again: Mat's got it goin on.Booker's is so much fun. The atmosphere is semi-upscale, but it's in a casual area - just west of University City on Baltimore. The happy hour specials are great! All drafts are $3 and selected appetizers are half off. For vegetarians, I highly recommend trying the buffalo cauliflower. This dish is served with bleu cheese. I don't know where they get that stuff, but it is without a doubt, the best bleu cheese dip I've ever had. It has giant chunks of cheese. For others, I suggest the ham and biscuits. I'm not generally a pork fan, but the spicy mustard on these bad boys is incredible.Wonderful food and service- especially a waiter we just had with our family named Kashta, who was outstanding.
The happy hour is wonderful but do not miss the desserts!!!First timer. We stopped by in the late afternoon and were seated immediately. My fiancé and I ordered the small plates: Deviled eggs (2 eggs halved to four pieces), Brisket biscuits (2 biscuits), Brussel sprouts in a nicely-sized casserole dish (they know how to make them taste delicious!), and the chocolate dessert. Great service, each plate was delicious and savored, and the price was totally reasonable. It was a very nice and open environment; you're not sitting on top of one another. We're looking forward to returning for the brunch and for a full dinner in the near future. Booker's is a great addition to the neighborhood and offers an eclectic menu of American food. Well done, Booker's!I went to Booker's for brunch last Sunday. The food was great! I ordered the popular chicken & waffles and I was no disappointed. It was busy, as expected, but we got our food in no time. The drinks took a little longer but they were good as well. I would go back again for Brunch and I would like to try their dinner menu as well. I also want to do a plug for Aksum as well (under the same ownership)! If brunch at Booker's is too bust head a few blocks down to Aksum. They are great as well!!My husband and I finally decided to try this restaurant since we live in the area. I had chicken and waffles, my husband had blackened catfish with mashed potatoes and collard greens. My chicken was just ok, a little dry. It probably would have been better had that used thigh meat. The waffle was good. My husband thoroughly enjoyed his meal. The chips and dip they bring to the table were addictive! Oh so salty, but couldn't stop eating them! The service was attentive. Oh, and by the way, get the buffalo cauliflower... you'll be glad you did!.Something a little different for the Cedar Park neighborhood, Booker's wouldn't feel out of place in Center City, but for the most part keeps within the expected price range of West Philly. Decent wine list, a few local beer on tab, and a few vegan options. I've had the vegan jambalaya twice and it is great, just spicy enough! Great service as well.Stumbled upon this place on Yelp and had great reviews so decided to give it a shot. The reviews lived up to my expectations. I can't give a 5 just because I didn't have an actual meal there.  
Place- Semi-Spacious. There is bar seating on side of the restaurant and the other side has a dining area. We sat in the dining area and loved the decor and the ambiance. It has an classy and intimate feeling.  
Staff/Service- From when we initially stepped into the restaurant, everyone was so nice, friendly, and attentive. Our waitress was great with giving the most popular suggestions on the menu and filling me in on all the new additions to the neighborhood! 
Food: Great variety on the menu!  
   Crispy Mozzarella Cheese Curds: Not very flavorful with the French Onion dip they come 
   with. Also they could have been a little more crispy. The marinara sauce concoction that our 
    waitress gave us to tried easily took the curds from a 3 to a 9! 
   Potato Chips: Perfectly fresh, crispy, and salty. The truffle sour cream hit the spot!
   Buffalo Cauliflower: WOW! JUST WOW! I am a little biased because I love everything with 
   buffalo sauce, but the texture and amount of sauce on the dish was perfect. Came with bleu 
   cheese, celery, and carrots. Perfect substitute for wings for a vegetarian, however my 
   boyfriend was loves meat even found them to taste amazing.  
Dessert: We just got one since my boyfriend doesn't really like desserts. Crazaaaay...I KNOW!  The waitress recommended the banana croquettes, which I really wanted to get. However, I had my eye on the Chocolate Ice Cream Waffle Sandwich. The dessert was great, but it tasted like I could get anywhere else. Next time I am here, I will definitely get the banana croquettes.  
I will definitely be visiting here again very soon : )First of all, the service here is amazing. The waitress at our table was super courteous. I had the fried cod with French fries and tartar sauce. My friend had grilled trout with green beans. Both entries are tasty. I wish they could put more tartar sauce in my plate. Only issue is that the potato chips served at the beginning was burnt and bitter.Just moved to the city and excited that this tapas place was close to our new home! However everything about this place seemed mediocre at best - except for the ambiance. The decor and vibe was relaxed fancy.
The food:
- Complimentary chips and sour cream truffle sauce: it tasted like it was complimentary only because it was a bad batch that they were trying to get rid. A soggy stale (if that's even possible??)
- Veggie burger was ehh, completely fell apart after the first bite 
Big let downService was great and so was the ambience. A perfect spot for a date in West Philly. Every girl could feel the love with the design and decor. A little pricey for the quality. My son had the waffle and chicken -$18 (tasty) my friend on the other hand had a burger (dry) $15. Once again the ambience and service was great!When we went, there was an average crowd, so I could not understand why service was so poor. Our original drink order had to be picked up by the host after asking us if we wanted to place a drink order. Staff seemed more concerned with chatting with each other than checking on tables. Food was OK but not good enough to overcome the service level.This place had been under renovation for months. I initially thought it was a new book store opening in my area until I saw the bar going in!!! I passed by on a Saturday night for what I learned was a soft opening and I was pleasantly surprised. 
A Fully stocked bar and amazing food! I indulged in Red Wine (since I'm on a cleanse,lol). And ordered a host of apps. My favorite are the deviled eggs topped with bacon yummm!!! My boy friend and I shared the brisket biscuit and fish and chips. All great food to wash down with alcohol. 
They also have a full menu and a dining area which is great for large groups. I will for sure be back with friends.I went in for a Sunday brunch, no wait so I was happy.  Nice ambiance and it was clean.  The food was amazing.  I had pancakes and a lox omlette (yes, I was hungry).  My dining companion had eggs and bacon with absolutely perfect hasbrowns.  
This is why it's not a 5: The bathroom had watered down soap in the soap dispenser, which makes me wonder where the staff washed their hands.  Yipes!   
Second, even though the staff was very friendly, they a bit forgetful and a tad inattentive.  Brought hashbrowns without ketchup, there was only one glass on the table, etc.  They were very nice though about it.  
I'll be back.Booker's is cute and a good spot for drinks and maybe some snacks, but I wouldn't recommend them for dinner. I've eaten there a few times now and have been disappointed by the food and the service. Each visit one or more parts of the order were mixed up or forgotten, and the service was slow and inconsistent. Some of the menu items are great (buffalo cauliflower, especially), but unfortunately much of what I've tried was mediocre.Phenomenal food and atmosphere. I got the chicken and waffles, that far exceeded my expectations. The staff are so attentive and friendly. The restaurant itself has outdoor seating and great decor.Our local go-to for good beer and burger at the bar, or a cocktail and dinner in the dining room.  Food reliable, fun menu changes, very reasonably priced.   Interesting and updated without being precious or contrived.  Just plain good!   Sometimes specials a bit too spicy, but they'll fix it.   Always a warm welcome.   Outside tables in warm weather are like a neighborhood fair - lots of lively chatter and clinking glasses and a rainbow of types of people, just like West Philadelphia!Really great customer service! Buffalo cauliflower is delicious & a must have on the menu. Chix & Waffles is also greatWhat a great new spot in west philly! My family and I went for a Friday night dinner. The food was delicious, the server and owner (?manager) were friendly and welcoming and the atmosphere was really comfortable. The kitchen was a little slow, but I'm not subtracting a star for that because they were smart enough to make sure the kids plates were out first. We will definitely return.Saturday's usually set aside to take my wife out for breakfast and will usually double down as our weekly date, and we have always been safe when it came to breakfast, however we decided to take a chance with something different this time and I'm so glad we did. Let's start with the host and front end staff, seating was very fast,  Billy the host was extremely friendly, courteous and accommodating, Siobhah (shew- ban) our waitress was incredible and although had only been on the job a few weeks, knew her stuff, and her recommendation of the shrimp and grits was right on. And to top it all off, Jeremy the manager brought out our meal to our table, truly a breathtaking  and an awesome experience. I've always love my grits and have been trying for years to get my wife to like it, Booker`s just sold her on it. Thanks Booker`s and your entire staff.It was easy to make a reservation. The atmosphere was relaxing. Staff attentive and friendly. Food amazing! We had chicken and waffles. Waffles were savory and fluffy. Chicken was breaded just right and cooked to perfection. Overall experience was great.I had brunch at Booker's a few Sundays ago with a group of four. It was busy at first, so we waited at the bar where we were immediately helped by the friendly bartender, who offered us some of the house-made "corn nuts." I was starving, so these hit the spot while we waited. We waited a long time for our food, but it didn't bother me much. The staff were great, as was the food. I ordered a salad and mussels. The butter pan-fried bread that came with the mussels was a bit too heavy for me to finish, but so good. Despite the long wait for our food, I'd definitely recommend checking out Booker's for brunch.The food was good it was just bad timing on a Sunday. We had to wait over an hour for our food. The staff kept us posted and advised us about the delay. I would definitely come here again and give it another shot.Delicious food!! Great selection (small and large plates, good prices!) Wonderful staffing and atmosphere (both indoor and outdoor seating) Will definitely be back!**3.5 Stars**Hello fellow Helpers, there are few things I love more than trying a new brunch spot! Sometimes I fall in love, other times it makes me wanna holler; this visit did neither. Service- not impressed, took a while for the server to arrive at our table,  waited about 10 minutes  for a glass of ice, refills were not given without asking and once we were finished eating we sat for another 15minutes  for our server (we eventually flagged her down-shameful) not good. Management- train and higher more servers or you may find yourself less busy in the future.
Appraiser: Mussels-ok,tiny, sauce was a little watery and could use more flavor (2.5). Deviled eggs-ok, nothing to rave about.
Entrees: Blueberry Pancakes-pretty yummy nice texture (Solid 5 stars)
Crabcake Benny- one of the yolks were cracked and ran into the fruit which is a major violation, but the dish itself was very good. It was so good that I was willing to overlook the loss of 1 egg yolk! 
Overall, a disappointing experience to some degree. We may try them again but they really need to fix some things (the table next to us had to send their food back twice, and I saw some seriously burnt bacon on one of their plates). I say give them a try, if you are feeling lucky you may have a good brunch!Yummy, what a hidden gem. We were visiting from California and were staying just across the street during our recent visit to Philly. I yelped options in the area and Bookers seemed like a no-brainer. The service was nice, the food was good, and the prices were reasonable. 
The three of us within our party decided to grab a few dishes and try a little bit of everything. We had the waffle and chicken, a salad, and the mac n' cheese which was the star of the night.As others have pointed out, Booker's is a wonderful addition to Baltimore Ave.  The place looks great without being fancy.  The food is delicious, but not pretentious.  The wait staff are nice, if casual.  Booker's is a solid restaurant and bar in an area where the pickings are (currently) slim.  We live around the corner from Booker's and in the short few weeks since it has opened, it has already become a regular spot.  Pro tip: they serve food at the bar, which can be a very pleasant place to take your meal.So excited about this place - it's a wonderful atmosphere, the staff is attentive and clearly really care about your experience. The happy hour is ca-razy good, and the food is delish. (The eggs and mussels especially). Looking forward to being a regular :)Great Service! Food was great (deviled eggs and brisket biscuit). Drinks on point! The owner is amazing and friendly. Great vibe for drink happy hour or date night. Everything is consistently good.We started going here when they opened but hadn't been in a while because the food had gotten a little boring. Then we decided to head back tonight after learning that they have a new chef and updates to the menu and man was that a great decision! The hot chicken was fantastic along with the spinach and mac n cheese sides. My partner had the veggie burger that was also super tasty and the fries were great. The prices were all reasonable. If you haven't been, you need to give it a try!!My favorite spot for great food, great drinks and a laid back mellow experience. The food is simply delicious. None of that foo-foo stuff that makes you wonder what you are eating. It's still interesting, well presented and just plain good ! Out table had honey dipped chicken, creamed greens and mac n cheese with some sweet cornbread. OMG, it was amazing !. The rest of the group had ribs, which fell off of the bone and Booker's burger, which my friend thoroughly enjoyed. She could only eat 1/2 ! We were so full, we couldn' make it to dessert.  My friend is already planning our next visit ! Make sure you hit them up. It's a great dining experience!
PS -We lucked up and there was a nice 3 piece group playing some relaxing music.  NICE !!Really great customer service! Buffalo cauliflower is delicious & a must have on the menu. Chix & Waffles is also great. The cocktails are also tasty. Has a great vibe that's good for happy hour, brunch or dinner.Word to the wise: don't go there if you have an allergy. I have Celiac, and accordingly ordered split pea soup without croutons. When eating the soup, I realized they just plucked the croutons out, leaving crumbs behind.A friend of mines recommended we come here for brunch and I was pleasantly surprised. They were having an event when we went so we sat at the bar because the sun was beaming on the tables outside and we wanted to be able to enjoy our meal. Although there was not a huge selection of items to chose from, I did select the meal with eggs, sausage, biscuit, and hasbrowns which was very good. We also ordered mimosas (plain). Even though later I realized they had flavored mimosas which also looked tasty and sweet. The waiter was very nice and checked in on us to make sure everything was good. Overall I was highly pleased and will be coming back.Place is bangarang. Best happy hour specials. Live music. Quick service. Matt is a great bartender. Go in and see him.My wife and I have been passing this place by for a while and finally decided to stop in.  We decided to get the mozzarella cheese curds for an appetizer which were delicious.  I ordered from the brunch menu and ended up getting the crab cake benedict and let me tell ya, these were the best crab cakes I have had in a very long time!  My wife ordered the chicken and waffles.The portion was large and very tasty!  Everything came to the table piping hot and fresh.  The full bar is great and the atmosphere is very inviting.  I will definetly be back with friends.Good service and good food clean place good for happy hr and more drinks are also good I enjoy myself evey time we goSo if you are visiting Philly and all you search out is a cheesesteak, you are doing yourself a great injustice. My cousin and I were in town for the rock n roll race and I searched this place out on Yelp. I was so delighted we chose this place as our post race meal. The atmosphere is really chill. It reminds me of a brunch spot in Brooklyn, which is home, so I loved that! The staff is so awesome! They are totally professional but all types of wonderful and chill. Now let's get to the real, the food, YUM, YUM AND YUM! This is going to sound crazy but order the brussel sprouts. They make them with this cheese sauce that is all types of amazing and comfort food at its best. My cousin doesn't even like brussel sprouts and she finished them off. We also had the tiny fish. I will warn you, it has bones. They are easy to remove but if you are looking for boneless then go on to something else on the menu. I was full after just that but we both ordered entrees. I had the shrimp and grits, which I boxed without tasting and she had the banana French toast (I'm sure the name on the menu is more eloquent but I don't remember it). It was sooooo good! I was like a happy, full baby who wanted to nap but had to drive back to dc afterwards. Because I'm committed I did eat my shrimp and grits later that night, it traveled well and it was delicious! I have to give a special shout out to our server Shay, who was awesome and delightful, made great food recommendations, and packed my food with such care.We went for late evening meal after hearing the great reviews for friends. We ordered crab cakes sliders. The crab cake sliders arrived with cold buns and very little lemon aioli sauce on them....I mean less than a dab. We also ordered the seafood Mac n cheese. Surprisingly this was just box Mac n cheese with seafood mixed in. It lacked salt and flavor, definitely was not baked. It was just ok. 
The mixed drinks were subpar. No balance with the flavors. 
Our server Jayson was great. Not sure if I'll try againOk, where do I begin. First of all the food was good BUT the service was not the best. We had a new waiter/server which was not a great thing. We ordered the listed. See the comments next to each meal. One thing I can say is that the manager Tiffany was very professional and was on-point. I will return to give them another play. One more thing, we ordered from the Black Philly Restaurant prefix menu, online the cost of the meal was listed at $24 before tax/gratuity, when we ordered at the restaurant, the prefix menu was listed at $30 before tax- honestly it wasn't worth the $30. 
Food Review:
The trout- way too many bones!! And the cook forgot the mash sweet pot.
Blackened Catfish- a little salty, but overall it was good.
Deviled Eggs- ok, would not order again
Buffalo Cauliflower- very good; definitely a app that can be shared
Chicken and waffles- can I say delish?!! Very good!!
Caesar Salad- was good
Salmon was maple glaze- good, but mash pot was cold, but I would order it again
I think we just came on a bad night. Which made our experience not too good. And I think they're a little overpriced. The portion size was ok. We left feeling full. 
Almost forgot, the drinks are so-so. If you go for the Happy Hour it only applies if you're sitting at the bar or outside. I had the green apple sangria, would not order it again. My husband had the rasp mojito he said it was ok.
I recommend Bookers.Enjoyed a nice evening out celebrating with family. Every staff member was exceptionally welcoming and friendly. A few even took a genuine interest in chatting with our two year old. Food took a while to come out (maybe 20+ minutes), but we felt well-attended too and everything was quite enjoyable. 
Crab napoleon salad was perfect. Sweet, crabby, well dressed.
Seafood mac and cheese was the star. The mac and cheese was perfectly seasoned to support the ample seafood that topped it. It was balanced very well as a dish. I would not eat the mac and cheese on its own nor the seafood by itself, but bite after bite, the large morsels of crab, shrimp, and crayfish complemented perfectly a solid pasta in cheese sauce. 
Ribs and salmon were both throughly enjoyable. Full disclosure, the salmon was not standout, but it was tasty. I would have crusted it with a  sweet potato puree instead of shreds of sweet potato, but their preparation did have a freshness to the sweet potato that I will give them credit for. 
Blueberry compound butter and cornbread was a wonderful side to the ribs.
Anyway, it was worthwhile evening and we will definitely be back. 
Booker's, you have a wonderful way of treating your customers like your family's close friends, amicable, cared for and you serve a wonderful meal! Thank you!Amazing food and drinks. Great atmosphere. I've visited this location on four different occasions and looking forward to returning.Absolutely do not pass go- get to Bookers!  The food is wonderful and the chef is beyond good.  It's definitely the first place I'd recommend you visit if you come to West Philly.
The staff are also accommodating and fast.
Definitely try this place if you haven't already!!!I am absolutely pleased with this place. Me and a friend of mine went here a few weeks ago & I loved it. The atmosphere is nice, the food was great. Excellent customer service. Nice crowd. Adult setting but seems to be kid friendly as well.  it!Found it on a whim. A great neighborhood establishment. Loved the feel of the place.
The food we had was delicious. I'm sure there is not a bad item on the menu, just from tasting what we ordered.
Drinks were delicious, the staff is friendly and the menu is reasonably priced.
The night we were there, service was horrible.
All said, We'll be back. It was that good, that makes it worth trying again.The restaurant had a nice vibe and atmosphere. The food was ok, however we didn't have to wait too long for our food. The drinks were pretty tasty as well.Overpriced!! I can die now - I finally had a $13 cheeseburger. Are you kidding me? $13 dollars... in this neighborhood...wow.  The burger wasn't even any good. This business cannot sustain with these prices, with this quality in this neighborhood - and won't be around in a year.So just came from New York for a few days  and I just decided to come in.. BEST DECISION EVERRRRR. those chicken and waffles were perfectionGreat place. The staff is really nice. Food is good and the prices are okay. I will go back. Nice chill place to bring friendsSuch a good place!  Food was excellent, service was excellent, my vesper martini was excellent...one star off because i would prefer a paper check.  The tablets are cool, but the wifi was an issue with the card going through and I felt awful for the waitress who had to stand there trying to do it and kept apologizing.  A little old school of me, but a paper receipt POS system would be my preference.  But don't let that stop you, the food was fantastic!The most delicious Brussels sprouts I have ever eaten.  I had the bourbon banana French toast for brunch !!! Delicious !!! Great service and nice cool vibe on a Sunday afternoon.Not really a big fan of the menu. Pancakes on the menu with no sides and also it advertised on the menu it come fruit but for some reason fruit wasn't included in the meal..just really not a fan but friendly for the most part though.Today was my first time eating here and I definitely will be back.  Well, I eat at their other restaurant on Baltimore Ave and can't get enough.  Great staff and great food!My partner and I ventured out to the newest Baltimore Ave restaurant a few weeks after their opening. We booked a Friday night 7pm reservation through Open Table, though it was very unnecessary as the place was quite empty. Since it was a quiet night, we were greeted by several bar staff, though it was unclear who was hosting or seating and no one clearly told us. We awkwardly slow-walked towards what we assumed to be the dining room, until we were intercepted by a host.
We were provided with waters and chips and dip to start. Thank goodness for this complimentary starter because we were in it for the long haul. The service was friendly to start, but the kitchen was so painstakingly slow it was cringe-worthy. I'm generally forgiving when it comes to wait times, though staff needs to communicate on this and that just did not happen here. It was nearly an hour between ordering and receiving our app (smelt = amazing, who knew!), to receiving our dinner (fish n chips, and brick chicken). I would catch glimpses of our server who would slyly peek around the corner towards our table, and then dodge away.  
Ultimately, I chalk this one up to a new restaurant getting into it's groove. I'll give it a solid few months before trying it out again because the food is delicious and reasonably priced. Give yourself plenty of time for dining here - just in case!I was told this was owned by the same people who own Aksum, so I came with high expectations! Keep in mind that we came for Sunday Brunch on Father's Day, which was predictably packed.
The interior and decor of the place is very pleasing, which makes it a really cozy dining spot for friends, casual dates, or post event meals! They can also easily accommodate fairly large and small groups which is always a plus in my book. In addition, it's super easy to make an online reservation. (4 Stars)
The food was quite good and came out in a reasonable amount of time given the amount of patrons there. I ordered The Booker's Burger and my partner ordered the Crab Cake Benny. The burger was cooked perfectly and was incredibly moist. They did not skimp on the bleu cheese as many other establishments do. The fries were pretty standard and all in all turned out to be a super filling and delicious meal. The Crab Cake Benny was also awesome, coming with a side of home fries and fruit. The Crab Cakes themselves were good, but could've used a bit more Crab. My boyfriend also was not a fan of the large amount of Hollandaise sauce on the meal (though I didn't mind). (4 Stars)
The real dimmer for us was the lack of good service. It seems like they had accepted way more patrons than they could support so everything came very slowly. We did not get our water refilled even once throughout the experience although we finished them relatively early on. In addition, we had to wait 25 minutes after we finished our meal to flag down the waitress and receive our check. Then she took another 20 minutes to bring our card/receipt back. A group of 8 that had arrived after us and finished eating after us were able to pay and leave before us. It seems like the waitress might have just lost track of our small table in the buzz. (2 stars)
All in all, it could've been a much better dining experience if the service was the same quality as everything else.Lousy food. Ridiculous beer prices -- the most expensive I've encountered in Philly. Every beer costs between two and three dollars more per pint / bottle. Eight dollars for Prima Pils! Lol, no thanks.With time on my hands on the way home from a concert I decided to make use of the Yelp APP to find a bite to eat. Bookers was open and on a major street. Upon arrival I was greeted and seated promptly. The server offered several seating options, after choosing the open door/window  seat he immediately went over the dinner specials and some popular menu items. 
To start I ordered for a glass of Prosecco, initially he didn't believe the specific item I asked for was available. It was, however it was flat but I drank it anyway! Shortly after my drink arrived I was served 'homemade' potato chips cooked in truffle oil it came with a sour cream and onion dipping mixture. The chips were so good I asked for some to go. The two finicky eaters in the house loved them as well. One stated 'these are the best homemade chips I've ever tasted'. Back to my meal.  For my appetizer I ordered the deviled eggs, the filling was not as stiff as I prefer, they also were not runny which was fine because the flavor was exceptional. Finally I had the most delicious pan seared Trout with I believe fingerling potatoes (not sure of the type)and string beans. The meals are moderately priced which matches the portion.
This place has it all for the hipsters to the mature crowd. The seating options: outdoor, bar, main dining area and large open window/door view. The service and food is excellent. On top of that did I tell you about the live band? The music performed Tuesday 7/25/17  @9:00pm is something I wouldn't typically listen to but if it sounds good it's all good and it was. I asked about Happy Hour I was pleasantly surprised to learn its everyday 5-7. 
Bookers 5021 Baltimore Ave, Philadelphia, PA IS THE PLACE TO BE!We've now visited twice. The size of the restaurant is surprising as it seems to span two original addresses. It's large and bright. Very upscale decor. Trendy, yet comfortable vibe. Interesting menu of comfort foods with a non-traditional flair. Reasonable prices. Good wine selection. Full bar. Was crowded - there was a wait to be seated -- all tables full. Suggest calling for reservations. You can also wait at the bar. Perfect experience. Wish it was closer to me. We drove over an hour, on two occasions, for the experience. The service was perfect. We ordered 2 bottles of wine for our table and never poured our own glass, that's how attentive our sever was. It's a solid value for the money. Easy parking. Safe neighborhood on the upswing.Most important for me- food was delicious, I wish I took a picture of my plate but I devoured it. The waitress was very nice and I enjoyed the overall ambiance. Will be back for more.Amazing service and food. The Raspberry Mojito was also soooo good!!! I plan on checking out there brunch next since I heard great things about it as well.Invited to Happy Hour by my girlfriend and had no idea this place existed.  My friend has a knack for finding great places so I searched for parking and found myself pleasantly surprised. The atmosphere was calm and the staff welcoming. I was immediately greeted and the hostess and I chatted while I waited for my friend to arrive. I love the decor of the place. It wasn't overtop and the color scheme was soothing.  I had the Sangria which was listed on the Happy Hour menu. It was very pleasing to my plate. I decided to try the Buffalo Cauliflower and it was surprisingly good. If you're trying to get away from meat, they have a few tasty dishes that will make your tummy smile. I had the baked Mac and cheese, and an order of Spinach . Now, if you're advertising baked Mac and cheese, please serve me baked Mac and cheese.  While the dish was good, it wasn't baked Mac and cheese!  The spinach was cooked just right and no additional seasoning was required!  Overall, I like this place!Gorgeous place, gorgeous food, and great service! 
My first blogpost in the city of Philly - 
https://pungerhangs.blogspot.com/2017/04/first-fancy-taste-of-philly.htmlWhat I got was nothing what the menu said. Picture shows no salsa, 5 whole black beans and the avocado crema was lime and old avocados puréed, There was no cheese!! Seriously what did you serve me? Don't come here the fact that someone made something that isn't even on the menu and the server brought it to the table is really unacceptable!
I can not recommend this place at all. With a party of 4 and no one had anything good to say about the breakfast. Firstly, I'll start off by saying that I had reservations and had looked at the menu online, I had already decided what I was going to have days before.. the menu we were given in the restaurant was very different than that from the one online, had I known that I would not have made reservations in the first place period. The prices are not remotely on point with what you get. Dishes lack flavor, salt and pepper go a long way. The home fries were extremely greasy and soggy. The huevos rancheros was gross, the avocado was definitely cut around in order to be able to serve it, at that point just make it guacamole if you can't present the avocado nicely. The sour green sauce that was on top should not be paired with the eggs, just put a lime on the side. Where was the cilantro, tomatoes, chorizo to make it huevos rancheros? The whole meal was sloppy and expensive. The meals came out at different times, the salt and pepper shakers were half empty... what kind of prep/side work does your staff do? I've worked in many restaurants and that's kinda basic, just merry the condiments. Just pick somewhere else.
The lack of seasoning/flavor/salt pepper is mentioned in more a few reviews.Was super disappointed last night by the service at Booker's. It's been nosediving over the past year, but I thought they might get it together. The past two times I've been there, I've experienced a lack of communication about menu changes, and the service is exorbitantly slow. 
Last night, my partner and I went out for a celebratory dinner. The food is usually awesome despite the aforementioned problems, and we wanted to give this place another chance. Unfortunately, it took 15 minutes before we were served any water, and we had to flag someone down to take our order. We're both vegetarians, so we asked for the veggie burgers, a couple of appetizers, and a cocktail/wine for each of us.
30 WHOLE MINUTES LATER, we still had not received our drinks or appetizers. Both of use were patient and trying to find a silver lining because we really want this place to succeed, but we were then told that the kitchen had run out of veggie burgers! I can't tell if the server or kitchen knew all along or were just late in telling us, but either way, it was unacceptable and super disappointing. We left promptly with nothing ever arriving to our table, except water. 
I loved everything about Bookers' vibe, decor, and food (when I was at least able to try it!), but I don't think I can give this place my patronage until I hear that service is better or their menu has changed with more veggie options. It's just kind of a shame, sadly.Scrutinize you bill carefully. My wife and I decided to go here to celebrate our 33rd wedding anniversary. Food was great and the atmosphere was perfect. When I received the bill, it seemed high. After looking over the bill I noticed that they automatically added a 20% gratuity which was no big deal. Then I noticed they over charged us on a dish by $15.00 When I brought to the attention of my waiter, it took him a  1/2 hr. to fix it. This left a sour taste in my mouth. Not sure if I'd return to this place.I try to give a place two chances before u leave a bad review this place is horrible i ordered from them about two months ago via Uber eats after waiting two hours and multiple phones calls they told me my order wouldn't be delivered and it was confusing on what happen first someone said it went with the wrong Uber driver and another said it never went out and it had been canceled as soon as it was ordered now today i try them again i order the same thing i ordered before my shrimp jambalaya well when i receive my food there is nothing to eat with! Strike one then when i open my food i have tofu jambalaya well at this point I'm pissed i call and they tell me that they will give me back 5 dollars for my shrimp but i don't even eat tofu so I'm telling the man i don't want this the proper thing to do would be send me another of no charge well he tells me call Uber there is nothing he can do but when i looked back on the website the Uber menu and the restaurant menu don't even match the shrimp jambalaya is not even an option on the websites menu!!!!! I say all of that to say don't order from this place you don't know what you will receive or if you will even receive your order at all and when you have a problem the manager will not help you he will push the problem to someone else this place is a joke and i will never and any business here and the potato salad tasted sour the greens were not bad tho if you order from them good luck you need itCame here at 11:15 for brunch, didn't get food until 12:30 and the food was very average, wasn't worth waiting 10 mins for let alone an hour. Waitresses never came and asked if i wanted more coffee and barely checked up on us when we were one of the only parties in the restaurant. Would never come back here again due to this experience.The food and staff there are super wonderful! We had a rather large party and the staff there were very attentive to our needs and met our request in a efficient way. I love how they blend new flavors with traditional soul food recipes. Also it's black owned and they have a wonderful drink menu that's reasonably priced!I was looking for a place in the neighborhood to wind down after work and Bookers is it!  Amazing vibe, the food is great, and the live music is just the icing on the cake.  After 2 visits I'm hooked...can't wait to get back!The restaurant seems like a place I would really enjoy. The food and drink menu all looked good to me. However, when I ordered a beer, the server kept coming back to tell me they didn't have that one. The 4th one I picked was finally available. They should update their menu or communicate better with the customer right when they get the menu. 
I ordered the vegan jambalaya, which comes with tofu. The jambalaya had good flavor but ultimately was overly salty and I couldn't eat too much. 
The atmosphere was probably the best part. I want to like this place more, but it seems there is room for improvement. I wouldn't mind coming back to try more since there is maybe 2 other vegan friendly options.We really enjoyed dinner at Booker's.
The complimentary chips with truffled cream dip was tasty.
Here's a food summary (I use ^ to indicate a half-star and * for a full star. So, ***^ means 3.5 stars):
****^ Pan-seared trout was great
****Brussels sprouts casserole was great, tasty, creamy
***^ Deviled eggs were good, creamy
***^ Crab cake salad: crab cakes were flavourful with crab, salad was fresh and well-dressed
***^ Meatloaf with mac & cheese: tasty and well-textured
**^ Cheese curds were okay but not especially tasty or to my liking
Service was great, friendly and helpful.
The live jazz was a nice bonus, though it got a little too loud to hold a conversation over dinner.Place and service decor  was nice was not impressed with the food. A friend send her blackened catfish back too fishy was replaced with a burger much better. I got steak medium well came out well done. Green beans not well enough mashed potatoes was ok.a friend got the shrimp salad with house dressing now that was delicious I never got my cauliflower waiter forgot to put it. Came all the way from baltimore for my birthday to try the food and was not happy. They do have outlets near seats for your charger now that was the highlight because of traveling all day all our phones was dead by the nightTotal splurge highway robbery all apps are $12, a 12 oz IPA is $9 or $11 w tip. desserts are all $9. Dinner for two w drinks is easily $120-140. Not worth it. Not fine dining.This establishment is a gem. Great Food, Wonderful Service, Quaint, Intimate Atmosphere...great for happy hour, family time and date night. Check it out!!!I love this place, but have been disappointed with each visit lately. today I go there after work to get something to eat for dinner I am sitting outside waiting to get served a server comes out she tends to the tables that are already out there and  walks back in the restaurant another server comes out he tends to his table turns around goes back in the restaurant the first serve as she comes back out she tends to her table she has lite banter with one of the tables goes back in the restaurant at no time did either one of them say we will be right with you or even acknowledge that I was sitting there I guess with me being in the hospitality business I really don't have tolerance for anything less than good Hospitality if this is the business that you're in I've been coming to this restaurant for  years but lately it seems like with each visit there's some issue so I think I'm going to give Booker's a rest for a minute and I think I'll try to revisit you next summer.The service was very slow, the Mahi Mahi was barely visible in the Mahi Mahi tacos, the Seafood Mac & Cheese was watery and appeared to be from a box versus being baked, the duck spring rolls were grossly undercooked, and to top it off they attempted to charge me $18.00 for a regular size lemon drop martini w/Grey Goose. I will not return and I suggest you use caution. There are various places in Philadelphia that deserve your patronage.Just went again. 1/31/19. Wow. Waited 30 minutes at the bar and didn't get served. Didn't even get eye contact from a bartender. Step up your game! 
Great new space in west philly. Owner from Axum. Great menu with some classic comfort foods and new twists on old favorites. Nice bar. Great new addition to the neighborhood.First visit to Booker's today and it'll probably be my last. While the service was excellent that's where the compliments end. 
We began our meal with a pitcher of mimosa and for the price of $32 I hoped to walk away from the table feeling as though I had more than one drink. 
My partner ordered a go to favorite  chicken and waffles and I the crab Benny. The chicken had no flavor  and was as dry as the waffle, the waffles had a far too much of their " strawberry butter" and alone had no flavor at all. The syrup had a strange layer on the top but once removed was the only tasty thing on the 
The Crab Benny lacked texture and after a bite or two felt like I was eating a dish designed for those with no working  teeth. The cakes were thin and at first I believed they were missing until I moved the egg slightly. They were the saving grace of this meal and whole experience as they were the only thing we had today that delighted our tasted buds.This exact time last year I went to Bookers after running the rock roll half marathon and had a great time so we figured, if ain't broke don't fix it. It's broken. We get to Booker's and some things on the menu have changed but that's ok because I know this place isn't going to let me down. It did. The hostess places the menu in front of me and I immediately spy fried catfish, which I love. Basically, I love a good piece of fried fish, save your judgment. Lol we pick out our items and the waitress comes over and she fills our water glasses, then takes our glasses away to get ice. It would be more efficient to just bring glasses of ice water but whatever. We start asking about appetizers and she takes the menu and says, you can't order from that side, only the brunch side. I look and that side has no catfish and the other side has nothing to indicate it's a lunch or dinner menu. It was 1:35 on Sunday so I ask if the might make an exception, no. So I suck it up because I will be happy as long as my cousin is happy. She only wanted and egg white omelette. It's a brunch menu so they have plenty of omelettes, all we need is for them to make it with egg whites. The waitress goes in the back and they said no!!! I'm like. What breakfast or brunch place doesn't have an egg white option. I was over it. I live in dc and was only here for a race but I felt like We should have something we wanted. Oh and they were out of shrimp and grits too. I had to break up with Booker's. It's a cute place but the menu is limited and places like that are a dime a dozen in dc. I smacked on my post race snacks and went home. I should have gone to warm daddy's. They had fried cat fish and were closer.Food is sooooooooo good!!!! I kind of created my own drink here it's the bomb... and it's black owned can't get better then that!!!Came here for brunch on a Saturday afternoon and boy, are they packed! We didn't have to wait long for a table but the wait for the food was a lengthy one. Do not come here if you are absolutely famished and you have no patience.  They were quick with the coffee refills though so, that was appreciated. When the food did arrive, it was delicious and plentiful. My daughter got the blueberry pancakes special of the day ($12) and I got the Huevos Rancheros ($12) She got 3 plate size pancakes for her order. It was definitely enough to share with me and my boyfriend while still eating enough to be full. My huevos rancheros came with crispy potatoes and roasted jalapenos that were fire roasted till falling apart, spicy and so good!
There was a problem with the point of sale system when it was time to get our bill and they were nice enough to give us a 20% discount because we waited so long for the food to arrive and for the bill to get sorted. We didn't even complain once and they still gave us the discount just because they felt bad about the inconvenience all the delays caused.
All in all, I would recommend this place to anyone visiting the University city/west Philadelphia area. Just be prepared to wait! (trust me, the wait is worth it if you want delicious food for a good price!)First I will say I love the location, decor, and hostess! Our waitress was meh, didnt tell us about any specials until we asked and never really checked on us... But thats not a big deal for me. My main challenge was the taste of the food. I am huge fan of brunch and I love, love, love breakfast food! I ordered french toast and they were so bland and flavorless- no cinnamon, no sugar, no taste- it was like toasted bread with syrup. Next the cheese grits- also meh Needed some seasoning or something... The other people seemed like they liked their food but it was a no for me. I would go back for dinner because Ive heard good things but brunch- Im good on that. Hopefully, dinner will be great- I will keep ya'll posted.I am at Bookers eating with my family.  Unimpressive selection of food, pricey and food has no seasoning.  Veggie omelet,  just food, potatoes no seasoning.  Had to pay for cold, dry toast. My husband got shrimp and grits, just food. My daughter waffles and chicken,  just food. I wouldn't come back.After months of anticipation, I was severely disappointed by my experience at Booker's. The drinks were weak, slow to arrive, and not worth the center city prices. Our food looked delicious but was tepid at best. Even the bathroom floors were sticky!! You'd think it was because the place was busy but you'd be wrong because the place was half empty.
Maybe it was an off night ... who knows?!Went there for brunch. Food was ok but overpriced. Staff was attentive but awkwardly so. I would make the following suggestions be sure to sweep the floors before seating guest no one wants to look down and around to see dead flies all around their tables. Hairnets on beards and long hairstyles. Place salt and pepper shakers or packets on the tables shouldn't be something that has to be requested. Might try them for dinner in the future but for brunch I would just grab a platter from a local breakfast joint there are plenty in the area.Fun place to hang out. Food is decent. Hip atmosphere in an up and coming area of the city.Service was very slow. Took 20 minutes to get oysters with an empty restaurant.  The steak and catfish mains were good but not overwhelming.  $16 for a tequila sunrise is absurd and the addition of a 20% tip on the bill for two diners is ridiculous.  I will not be back.From the service to the food worse dining experience ever!  A waste of time and money!Honestly this place was just not good, I'm sorry. The service was awful. The young man who served us seemed to not want to be bothered and just wasn't really attentive. 3 friends and I went out to dinner really excited to try something. Friend #1 ordered a Booker Salad with shrimp which she said was good and some corn bread which was also good. Friend #2 ordered the catfish which she said with the seasoning was okay but wouldn't order again. Friend #3 and I ordered the Fish and Chips which just wasn't good at all we actually sent it back because the fries were soggy and the fish was over cooked. The manager was very nice about the situation and took the meals off our check and offered us something else but we declined as there was nothing else we really wanted. I did give two cars because the appetizer Thai wings we ordered were really good and cooked to perfection and my margarita was really really good and refreshing. Overall I just don't think I'll be back.Dined here for Easter Brunch. No complaints, service was prompt and always with a smile. Loved the ambiance. Food was amazing.I visited Philadelphia in November and this weekend for Memorial weekend and Bookers was a choice for my friends and I because we wanted to watch the Raptors vs. Milwaukee game in a place with a nice "vibe to it." My best friend lives around the corner and this place looked cute and enjoyable but the first experience was just as terrible as the second experience. I tried to give them to benefit of the doubt the second time around but realistically the quality of the food is extremely poor and this is the second time eating here so this is something that I felt compelled to yelp about. Here are the factors as to why I have this opinion:
1) Back in November, I ordered the eggplant lasagna(which is no longer on the menu) when it came out, it was disgusting. The eggplant was cold from inside and the taste was poor, like really poor, as in there was no flavor and you could taste the pot the eggplants were sitting in. I was able to talk to the waiter and manager and let them know that I was dissatisfied with the food quality so they took care of the item for me. However, my friend ordered the black burger and they gave her a MEAT burger (which she had bit into thinking it was plant based)  when she told the waitress they wouldn't take care of it because she had "bit" into it. We let it go and avoided a situation because we were there visiting and we didn't want to ruin our night. We decided we would never go back when we would come to Philadelphia. 
2) Fast forward to today- three friends and I were trying to catch the game and wanted some food while doing so. My friend pitched some ideas and Bookers came up as an option as it is close and they have TVs but my friend mentioned that her experiences with the food were terrible in the few times she's been there  but we decided it was close by and maybe the previous times were maybe bad days but we were wrong. The food was terrible yet again. When we walked in the manager and waiter pitched a new "margarita avocado" drink they were thinking of releasing  but wanted to get the public's opinion. He did not make it seem like he was selling the item but rather wanted someone to taste and give their opinion on it, Two of my friends thought it sounded good so they said sure. The drinks come and they are just as bad as the food, they never finished them.
We ordered 3 Vegan jambalaya's and the cod fish and both were missing flavor, seasoning, and salt. We asked for salt, pepper, lemons, and hot sauce  to try and give the food the flavors it was desperately in need for but unfortunately there was nothing that could be done to give it flavor. When the manager/waiter came by he noticed we didn't really touch and we advised him that the food was terrible, yet again. The fact that he didn't even bother asking us and we had to let him know is mind blowing because if someone does not touch their food that's typically a sign that the food is trash and a customer was disappointed. 
When it came time to pay, the drink the manager/ waiter pitched was on the bill and it was over $20!!!! My friends were blindsided by this and he tried to say it wasn't a sample but a full cocktail!! The total bill was $196.00 and honestly we were all over it. Not only was the food over priced but it is disgusting so we left Bookers hungry and disappointing. We took an L because we knew better though. 
I DON'T YELP BUT I FELT COMPELED TO LET YOU ALL KNOW NOT TO EAT HERE AND SAVE YOUR MONEY. TRUST ME, YOU ARE NOT MISSING OUT ON ANYTHING SPECIAL WHATSOEVER!!!! THIS PLACE NEEDS TO REEVALUATE THE QUALITY OF FOOD, MENUS, and PRICES! IT NEEDS SOME SERIOUS SERIOUS ADJUSTMENTS.I went there for a meet and greet. While the person I met was less than stellar. I loved this spot. It is a nice little gem. I'll be taking my girl there soon.My fiancé brought me here for a brunch date with his Mother. This was the best decision of our vacation! The ambiance is great. There's soothing, jazzy-fusion music playing in the background. The restaurant is sectioned off perfectly for multiple groups, and you can eat outside as well. I really enjoyed the waitress; her smile is so infectious! I ordered the Crab Cake Benny and Sunset Mimosa - not disappointed at all! 
 A highlight was meeting/speaking with the owner- so friendly and impressionable. We truly appreciate the effort in making sure that our meal was perfect too. I'll try to bring back as many friends as I can now!Such a good find for brunch! Great atmosphere on a beautiful day. We ordered three different dishes, all of which were awesome. Staff were incredibly friendly and especially helpful in ensuring my Grandmother was comfortable as she has limited mobility. We will definitely be back!We did a neighborhood walk race and after the event went to Bookers for a cold one. Four of us sat at the bar and had a great time drinking and eating brunch. I had a Breakfast sandwich  without the meat. It was the best!  Grilled cheese sandwich with two perfectly done fried eggs on top-hmmmm. Best home fried potatoes since I left NYC. Good beer selection. Other with me had salads and brisket on biscuits. Every dish was excellent. On top of the great drinks, food and friends, we had a super bae tender.This was my go-to place for brunch and dinner when I didn't want to go into Center City. Late 2017, I even hosted a brunch for our high school reunion; which everyone enjoyed. Fast forward to February 24, 2019, my daughters and I had dinner there, and we were not thrilled at all with our dinner or drinks.
We ordered the Buffalo cauliflower for our appetizer, and it was greasy; blackened catfish was flavorful but very small in portion; sweet potatoes had too many strings to even enjoy. Lastly, I ordered a dirty martini, extra dirty with extra olives. I got no olives at all, and it was not extra dirty. 
We left feeling very underwhelmed. Not sure if it's due to a new chef or what, but we did not get our usual warm and fuzzy feeling afterwards. We might give it one more try because we used to love it so much in the past. Hope it was just one off night.Came here for dinner and was very satisfied with my experience. Service was fast and everyone was so friendly and helpful with recommendations. Portions were smaller than I expected but I was very satisfied with the quality and taste of my meal. Would definitely recommend.Friday was my first time experiment bookers. We ended up choosing this spot to celebrate the transition of one my co workers. The servers were very helpful and they allowed for us to arrange out seating outside the way we wanted. The food didn't take that long to come out, but we wait a few times for drinks. The atmosphere was mellow and relaxing. The outside seating gave the experience a different feel. I was impressed with the selections during happy hour food and drinks alike. I have been to many places that have a default beer and shot for the city wide. At Bookers they offer you a variety of selections to pick from and it also includes fires pickles. A shot, a beer, and fried pickles for 7 dollars you can't beat that. Their fried chips were tasty. I we certainly be back again for another happy hour. Again thanks to our server she was very friendly!!!Brunch at Booker's one winter afternoon was a pleasant, sunny affair. The restaurant was comfortable and filled with light. 
Here's a food summary (I use ^ to indicate a half-star and * for a full star. So, ***^ means 3.5 stars):
****^ Shrimp and grits: Shrimp were plump and perfectly cooked. The grits were good and had some kind of tasty well-seasoned sauce on it.
*** Crab cake eggs benedict or "benny": This was solid, but not as good as the shrimp and grits! I wish there had been more hollandaise sauce.
***^ Pan-seared Brussels sprouts were crispy & tasty with goat cheese, dried fruit, and nuts, but I wish there had been some more substantial whole or half- pieces of Brussels sprouts. Instead, most of the Brussel sprouts were individual leaves that were extremely charred and crispy. It tasted good, but I didn't get the vegetables I was hoping for. 
Service was friendly and helpful.
I'd be happy to return.First time visiting this restaurant, the service was atrocious, they were friendly and polite but very forgetful had to wait 15 minutes for silverware, 15 minutes for a drink.  Strike one....two more visits for an overall experience.  Oh, by the way the burger was awesome!I been to Bookers twice - once for dinner on a Saturday and once for lunch on a Sunday. The food is DELICIOUS and the cocktails are great, but both times I found the service to be hit-or-miss. During Saturday dinner it took a long time for anyone to help us get seated (but it was busy so I didn't think too much of it). On the Sunday afternoon, though, we were one of only a few tables being served and it took forever to get menus, forever to order drinks, and forever to get our orders in. I don't know if our server was having a bad day or what but I wasn't impressed. That said, their food is good enough that I'll definitely be going back.I've been here twice for brunch. The first time on a sunny day, and I got a seat next to the glass window/doors that were open that day. The waffles and chicken and also the coffee were good. I had a pretty good time, and they tended to play lots of 80s music, and so I looked forward to coming back. The second time the day was not as warm and so the glass doors closed, and the restaurant a little more busy, with the front area especially loud. The waffles and chicken still good, but it was actually too loud to enjoy my meal. When walking out I saw that the back area was much quieter and so if I return, if busy, I'll try to find a table in the back area. Most likely, though, I'll return in summer, on a day when I can sit inside but still be outside.The very first time I went here was during Ramadan, me and my friends ordered everything on the menu lol. Very cute vibe and the old school playlist enhances the vibe. Food is delicious, perfect for a night out. I love the mussels in a red sauce as well as the crab cakes! The cornbread with strawberry butter will have you ready to tell the waitress keep it coming.The food is outstanding. I have been once and will go back. They get a 1 star because  they added mandatory 20% to the dollar amount of the bill on 4 guess. 
The waitress had a bad attitude. 45.00 for bad service.
I heard of large party mandatory gratuities. But dollar amount.   ‍‍‍‍‍‍‍‍
Food is outstanding.Wow, let's just start off by saying that I will be back and this is most definitely our new local date night spot! 
I saw that Bookers was opening in the neighborhood, and I love supporting the community. The website is still down, so I was unable to peer at the menu before our arrival concerned about our dietary restrictions but everything was totally fine but I do hope they'll put up their website soon!
Service was phenomenal. Our server/bartender was always on top of our drinks/ water as was the other server. Everyone was pleasant, seemed happy to be there ( to work) and happy to service us -- the vibes and ambiance were very positive and great. I loved seeing the eclectic mix of people in the restaurant, something that I've always loved about West Philly -- bringing the community together through the love of food, I love it. 
Drink wise -- good selection of beers but I totally wish they had a draft.. that might bump up to 5 stars maybe they're in the midst of installing? 
Food -- 5 stars for taste, presentation, and value for price paid, no complaints. We started off with the mussels for appetizer -- served with bread for dipping, mussels looked well cleaned, well seasoned and not overcooked, up to par with the popular mussel places in Philly. Second, I had the trout over purple potatoes and my partner had the salmon. Both fish were cooked perfectly, not too dry and well seasoned. My partner even ate the fish skin off of the trout which he rarely does, well done! The quality was great for the price we paid, I thought the prices were most definitely fair and reasonable and I'd be glad to come back. 
If I had room for dessert, I would have. Next time.. no appetizer, room for dessert, noted! Thanks Bookers for opening up a place local to us, keep up the service, reasonable prices and quality of food and you'll be sure to be everyone's neighborhood fave!This establishment is a sister-restaurant to Aksum, which you can tell from my review of that place, I loved.  We tried to go to Aksum for brunch but the server said they were full, but that we should give this place a try, so we did.  
THE GOOD: 
- The appetizer. I loved the cauliflower buffalo wings.  It was vegan friendly and tasted just like chicken wings (this is coming someone who hasn't had chicken in three years, so yeah).  My table-mates also enjoyed their chicken and waffle appetizer.   
- The ambiance. The restaurant itself is nicely lit and looks very welcoming.  It's on a block that, honestly, I would have never been on 5 years ago.  Now, it's a cool little hipster part of town so it was nice to experience this part of west philly. They also played great throwback hip hop jams that my bf and I loved.  
THE BAD:
- The Service.  I know this place is new and I get that there are kinks to be worked out, but this seemed like they just have no idea how to run a fast paced restaurant in a restaurant town (which is quite shocking given that Aksum is so great). I will say that our food came out fast, which was nice, but that's about all the good things I have to say.  
- The bar tender was by herself at the bar with seats for about 12-15--all of which were full with people eating brunch.  She didn't seem to be handling the volume of people very well as many of us had to repeatedly ask for water and we didn't get our complementary muffins w/butter (which were fantastic by the way) until we were halfway through our appetizers.  I would suggest that they equip the bartender with a number of different tools to help this go smoother: (1) she needs to have condiments like syrup, butter, etc. at the ready.  My friends had chicken and waffles and didn't get syrup until they were on their last bite because no one would come from the kitchen to bring it quickly.  This is a brunch spot, have syrup on deck at the bar;  (2) have small plates and utensils at the bar.  Again, we got our food and had no utensils until a guy (who seemed like he was doing everything) had to go allllll the way in the back to get them--p.s. we also had to eat our entrees with forks and knives that were covered in buffalo wing sauce because we couldn't get new utensils in time; (3) give the bartender her own dedicated server to get food and service the people at the counter because the bar tender was not only making drinks for the entire restaurant, she had 15 customers with food and drinks that she was unable to properly attend to.  
- The Shrimp and Grits. As a sister restaurant to Aksum, I find myself really confused as to why Booker's wouldn't just use the same, tried-and-true Shrimp and Grits recipe as they do.  Instead, these grits were runny and flavorless and the shrimp was unseasoned and chewy--they complete opposite of Aksum.  That alone cost this restaurant a star.     
THE CONCLUSION:
- Oh man I really wanted to love this place, I promise I did, but sadly I didn't.  Service can truly make or break a dining experience, and here, it broke them.rI was highly disappointed in my food I ordered off Uber eats , I ordered to support a black business but my food wasn't that good . And my deviled eggs had egg shells in them ! The salmon burger taste ok but it was very soggy !Great new space in west philly. Owner from Axum. Great menu with some classic comfort foods and new twists on old favorites. Nice bar. Great new addition to the neighborhood.What a lovely place! The atmosphere, service and food was FIVE STARS! I feel like I never leave reviews saying this... I got the jambalaya, buffalo cauliflower and black bean burger and I plan to make this a usual stop now when visiting Philadelphia. Side note: my cocktail was heavenly! I repeat: I never leave reviews like this, but my experience here was so utopic... I feel like most restaurants don't typically ace all of your expectations. I would certainly recommend this restaurant to anyone who wants delicious and quality food with the best service and most adorable, quirky and sweet atmosphere!!!!Walked in and was greeted and seated immediately.
Then all down hill from there. My drink was not great. We waited over 45+ minutes for our food. We ordered all cold dishes. Oysters, Gazpacho and a Salad. Why did it take 45+ mins for cold food.
The waitress was very attentive updating us on the status of our order. Thank you Hannah!!
Atmosphere was nice. I will however give them another try.I should just never order a burger again. Or if I I really can't help myself, I should make it a standing rule to cut the burger in half and only eat one half in a single sitting, no matter how good it is. If I can stick to that burger philosophy going forward, at least the last full burger I'll have eaten, the salmon burger from Booker's Bar and Restaurant, was pretty great. I've never had a salmon burger before, but this had good, fresh-tasting salmon, was quite decadent (seemed deep fried) and HUGE. It was served on a delicious brioche bun, and came with a honey chipotle glaze on the side that was personally too sweet for me. It could have used an extra or thicker slice of tomato, but even as it was it was so good that even after eating about two thirds and thinking, if I finish it now, it's going to hurt, I still did anyway. (Next morning verdict, yes it hurts, and thus my aforementioned burger philosophy was born.)
My partner also got a burger, the black bean veggie, and the hand cut fries that came with it (I substituted a salad for the fries that normally come with my burger, and I'll be eating that at some point after the hurting stops.) He enjoyed the veggie burger, noting that it was quite rich as well,  but he wasn't as much a fan of the fries - he said they were soggy, but that could be a consequence of getting dinner for takeout. They'd probably be crispier and more enjoyable for an eat-in restaurant experience. 
We're still only doing takeout, but I have to say that the sidewalk in front of the restaurant did not have a single empty table. The menu is light on vegetarian options, so we probably wouldn't do dinner here again. The happy hour looks pretty excellent, though, so when we're doing dine-in again, we'll have to come back for that!The food was good but the service was awful. We sat down at 1:50pm and waited over 15 minutes just to be greeted and given a glass of water. We finally ordered around 2:15pm. Around the 2:50 mark our appetizer finally arrived. We asked our waitress what was going on, and why was there such a long wait. He kindly explained that the kitchen was backed up, but it would have been nice to know this when we put our order in. Two people at our table ordered drinks. The waiter delivered the drinks but on the wrong side of the table. He proceeded to reach over me to give the other guests their drinks. Some simple table etiquette goes a long way. I'm extremely disappointed with this visit.It is so rare that I actually embark on dining out during the pandemic. And I have yet to dine IN anywhere, which is why Bookers beautiful, distanced, open air with heaters space is a good way to eat somewhere other than my kitchen table or living room couch. They have done an excellent job keeping the space warm but not too enclosed. And the burger I had here last night was delicious. It was seasoned well and cooked just how I wanted it. It comes with caramelized onions and feta cheese and I always love their hand cut fries. Their hot toddies were a good decision on this winter night. Glad I made it out here.A cute spot for drinks but stay away from the food. The filet mignon was horrible! Flavorless and doused in some weird watery sauce.My second time eating at Booker's and I need to add a star. It was a top notch experience. Our server was gracious and attentive. In addition, other servers stepped in as a collaborative process...asking if I needed another drink, clearing the table and going above and beyond. Most importantly, the food was delicious. I ordered the shrimp and grits and my daughter ordered the meat loaf stuffed with mac and cheese. Both were delightful. The shrimp and grits had a modern spin with grits served in fried cubes. Trust me...delicious. I'm so excited about this spot. Well executed food, delightful service and a beautiful space. Go. You won't be disappointed.Honestly very disappointed because my friends and I wanted to try this restaurant. I made a reservation for 2PM and as my group and I arrived, they apparently did not have my name down on their list. Previously the night before a staff member called to confirm the reservation. My friend asked if the confirmation was in my email and the staff member immediately said "well our kitchen is closed". So do you guys not have my reservation or do you not want to serve us because the kitchen was closing? I also stated that someone called the night previously to confirm our reservations and she repeatedly said the kitchen was closed. I did read lunch ends at 3, but if that was the case why would anyone allow reservations that late? I will not return as our first experience did not go well.I dined there for the first time with a companion last evening. The location is convenient without trucking into Center City. The physical space/ ambiance was also welcoming. While that is a component of the dining experience and that does matter to me. I am there for the food. 
Quickly placed an appetizer order/hush puppies and crabmeat/mussels Diablo. 
They were fair the hush puppies could have been hotter. Tasted as though they were quickly heated.
The chips and complimentary sour cream truffle was not at all appetizing. The sour cream was more like lard, the chips not of good quality. An attempt to be homemade but a fail. 
Placed the entree order's and waited so long to receive it. The restaurant was not crowded. Not sure why the wait was so long. 
I had the fried catfish,greens and sweet potato mash. My companion had the burger to go. 
The catfish was so mildly seasoned it was bland. The greens were very good not overly spicy and the sweet potato mash lacked substance and flavor. 
My companions burger and fries to go order arrived in a container with obvious grease stains on the outer container. These little details should not be overlooked when trying to make an impression on diners. At least the more seasoned and repeat diner I assume they are trying to attract. 
The owners were present and were very friendly. 
I feel like Booker's has great potential and therefore will be back for another go round. Hopefully, my next experience will be better.Aesthetically pleasing, nice music, good drinks, and great vibes. Outdoor seating is also great for dates! This is a safe and clean environment to social distance, but remember pre pandemic times.Pretty solid takeout! I was looking for a new Black owned restaurant and hadn't tried here so it was a quarantine treat. 
I had the country fried chicken plate. Love that it was boneless! Nice amount of breading and well seasoned. It maintained a decent amount of crunch even despite the travel time. It came with collard greens and mashed sweet potatoes that were quite good too. I'll admit the chips were a bit too salty/spicy for my taste. 
The cornbread with strawberry butter was so good!! Would certainly check this place out again.This place is so lovely. I have two gripes so I'll start there. 1. It's often very dark on the side where the kitchen is, 2. It's super loud on the other side. (Though that is a subjective complaint as I just had a baby and am often in quiet environments) Otherwise this place is great and they make awesome food! This is a Black owned establishment which is why I chose to visit in the first place and I have not been disappointed. I've been twice so far. The first time I had the Mango salmon, Thai Chili wings, and the Jawn drink which was yummy. I also had the deviled eggs and my love had the Jerk Oxtails which I didn't believe could be good but I sampled his and it was delicious! The second time we went, the drink special which was a gin cocktail (don't recall the name) and it was awesome, I had two! I also tried the calamari which was smoky but good and the Short ribs which was amazing! I loved the mashed potatoes and haricot beans as well! My love had a Hennessy cocktail which I sampled and didn't like but I don't care for Hennessy anyway so there's that. I have a five month old and each time we've come, they've accommodated him well with a high chair and put us on the quieter side. They also have outside seating. Lovely staff and superb service which was the icing on the cake! Oh the cake!!! Don't let me forget the carrot cake that I can never get a pic of before I devour it. Had it twice, loved it both times!! Can't wait to go back!So I've been coming to Booker since they first open I called earlier to make reservations I was told and that are for dinner starts and there's no reservations is only outside dining first come first serve this is Father's Day I came I was greeted Asian girl which is the manager told me because I didn't have reservations she will put me on a waiting list I explain to her that I called earlier to try to make reservation I was told that brunch was booked and I didn't need any reservations at 4 which was at dinner time  it was first come first serve I arrived here a couple minutes earlier than 4 only to be turned around I had outside people from out of town who was with me  I was explaining to them that we were going to support a black owned business in the food and atmosphere was great however the Asian young lady who is the manager was very rude so we ended up leaving and going to support a white business how disappointing is that.The vibe is ecletic jazz and cool kids. This place is as much of a throwback as it is modern. I had the buffalo cauliflower to start. Surprisingly I never knew the two ingredients had that much chemistry. Next I had the pan seared trout. The sear put the perfect texture on fillet. I  washed it all down with a Lagunitas IPA. This place is on the come up. Get in before they start trending too heavy...This is a great place. The food is amazing. The service was just as amazing. Our server Sharnae (sorry if I misspelled your name!) was so attentive and such a sweetheart. We had a party of four on a Saturday evening. We dined outside (during Covid) and everything was VERY safe. There were plastic partitions between tables and everyone was wearing masks. Everyone in my party tried different food and everything was delicious. They have vegan and GF options and they serve cute and delicious alcoholic drinks. I was so pleased, and happy to go out to dinner after being cooped up for so long. We chose the perfect place to get back out again.Loved the ambiance and the food. I would describe the food as modern southern with a creole flare. They had vegetarian and vegan options and were willing to make changes to the dish. They are open for dinner in the week and offer brunch on weekends and plan to return to try out brunch.I recently went on a Monday for Happy Hour which is weekdays 5 to 7 p.m. HH is for bar seating only which is kind of a drag because they do have outdoor seating. But at least there is the open windows which gives the feeling of being outside. Nice atmosphere and friendly bartender. Great variety of HH specials. I had fried calamari and fried pickles. Calamari was rubbery. Pickles were tasty. I had a summer draft beer that was refreshing and light. I'll definitely go agaThis place was suggested to me for my birthday.  We wanted to book brunch but they book up fast so I suggest booking way ahead. Make dinner reservations. This place is not associated with Bookers Lounge in Camden.
Parking: Street and it was very limited
Atmosphere: Cozy & moderate noise level.
Service: The Host was very nice & helpful as well as our server. 
Food: 
1. Appetizer: buffalo cauliflower. It was ok. We would have loved if it was fried crispy.  Our server offered to take it back and have it made the way we wanted it but we decided against it. 
2. Entrees:  
     A:Jerk oxtail which. I had never gone out to eat anywhere and had this so I was soooo excited when I saw this entree on the menu. This dish was extra spicy ( nose running, eyes watering hot!) and that was ok however there was too much of a spice that overpowered the entire dish and it ruined it! I was so disappointed. The dish was served with red cabbage and saffron rice and this was all mixed together with the oxtails on the top. That was no good for me.  I do not like my food mixed together. I did not have much oxtail meat in my dish just bones. Once I made our server aware of this, she brought out a side dish with more oxtails but the meat on those bones were skimpy also. Can you say wasted dish. I saw the same dish I ordered being taken away with the plate almost full which lead me to believe the dish wasn't a hit with that patron either. 
     B: Blackened catfish with saffron rice & greens. My niece enjoyed the fish & rice but I thought it was too salty. She didn't like the greens. 
3. Cocktail: Booker's punch which had Hennessy VS, pineapple juice, fresh lime juice and cranberry. I enjoyed this!!!!!
4. Dessert: The bread of the day. It was huge and kinda dry. I would loved if it was a moist. 
Booker's also has the Bayou Lounge right next door and it is open while the restaurant is open. We decided to walk over after dinner and it was cozy cute. They had people playing electric instruments and a singer. You can order food and cocktails.  The food ordered is given in a styrofoam container and the way the chairs are setup, you won't be comfortable eating so I suggest not to order from the lounge unless you can eat it while sitting back. This lounge is a cool place to come sit chill and listen to music. 
Overall I was not pleased with my meal but the service was great. I will come back to try their brunch.The place was AMAZING! Visited today, of course the dining was outside due to Covid. The service was great, the waitress was very attentive, my food was great, mimosas delicious. An overall great experience!Ok, so I'm extremely late with this review because I genuinely enjoyed my past dining experiences and was extremely disappointed in the service and the way the Manager handled it.....so here we go last month my BFF and i decided to have a girls night out on a day that celebrates couples, yes Valentine's Day! I suggested Bookers, it's close, I loved the food and ambiance, so she agreed and so there we sat, anxiously excited about partaking in the 5 course pair menu. Sadly, we waited an absorbent amount of time between courses, but per usual the food was good, so we just sipped on our Prosecco cocktails through our frustration while we waited for the next course and Prosecco cocktail. However, for the entree course, the wait was so long, and it had been such a long day, we decided to take the entree and dessert to go...our waitress was very apologetic and kept profusely apologizing to us. We got our to go containers, paid our check, we each got home and to my horror the food looked like someone threw it inside the containers and my GF's food, well it wasn't much better. I called the restaurant and spoke with the manager who confirmed I was shorted one of my lamb chops and our wait was too long in between courses, he apologized and offered to make it up to us, even provided me with his cell phone number and said he'd follow up with me, he has yet to do that. I even texted him the pictures of our contents of our containers. Sadly, I have not been back, it was the worst experience I've had and my poor GF, who I've boasted about this restaurant too, was mortified, Bookers made a liar out of me!!!I had the Buffalo Cauliflower and it was amazing...along with the Bourban Salmon and Sweet Potatoes...those 3 dishes were delicious...our hostess Ayanna was very sweet and pleasant she done an excellent job with our services!!!So first we (my partner and I) were heading someplace else but found that the menu didn't move us that evening. With delight, we ended up at Bookers. We made it just in time for happy hour, although we were not seated at the bar. I was in awe of the menu! I couldn't decide between the bacon dusted deviled eggs or the buffalo cauliflower, so we ordered both. BOSS MOVE!! The buffalo cauliflower was so crispy and fried as you would a chicken wing! My only hang up about the cauliflower is the fact that when it's cold it gets pretty soggy. No worries though, next time I'll finish them all. The deviled eggs, delicious and I wish for more. My partner ordered the Mac & Cheese stuffed meatloaf. The meatloaf was full of flavor and the Mac and cheese was super cheesy. Very good dish! I ordered the burger (I am a sucker for burgers) the 8oz beef patty was super juicy and it was topped with Mississippi comeback sauce - it was amazing. We can't wait to come back here for brunch.Ok So been going past this place since it opened and finally tonight going in after suggesting to coworkers a place for a meetup. Ok so we are here. Nice crowd, nice atmosphere. We decided on having separate checks. I got the Buffalo Cauliflower from the happy hour menu and it was ok. Too much breading and too damn spicy. I also order $3.00 French fries. I had 2 glasses of half full Heineken. My bill was $25 and some change. It also had $4.00 gratuity. Like I said we had separate checks. One person  who was paying for 2 had $14.00 gratuity and also a liquor tax which was yes only $.50 but stillSo I've been meaning to try this place out.
Their pick up is seamless with COVID precautions aside the gentleman, albeit friendly, not wearing his mask correctly (nose out - took a star away).
Timing was great! 
The rating came down a bit because my chicken and waffles had no flavor. It was really bland which is mind boggling. None of the described flavors from the menu came through at all. Bread pudding with peaches is mediocre too, stale too. Would have been upset but I had gift cards so since I didn't actually lose money it's fine.
The cornbread is a solid choice though. Would definitely purchase that again. Actually, will be the only thing I order from there going forward.We drive through this area every now and then (usually getting Little Baby's Ice Cream-yum!!) and have seen a handful of interesting restaurants on Baltimore Pike. When looking for something new for lunch, we came here. The menu is short but interesting. I ordered the catfish and grits with a side of home fries; the server suggested adding cheese to the grits and that sounded delicious. So excited!! The food was ok, nothing to rave about. In fact, I thought it was pretty mediocre. I am not an expert on grits, but these were very soupy and I didn't see or taste any cheese. However, the two sunny aide up eggs added some flavor to the grits...but still soupy. The catfish was breaded and just couldn't hold up to the soupy grits, so it quickly became mushy . The home fries were just diced potatoes which were a little dry and boring. It was pretty disappointing but maybe I had built up my hopes just based on the menu. Oh well. 
Oh, and it was a hot day in the city and a little warm in the place for my comfort level, so when a table behind us asked the server to turn the mini-split AC off that was above their table and close to us, I nearly died! Seriously, it's 95 degrees outside...move to another table or eat outside! The server agreed to turn the fan to low which was a noticeable change in this diner's comfort level and I was out of there! Off to Little Baby's for some DELICIOUS ice cream!! So good.Food is terrible ,the place is cute but the food is horrible my third time there and the food is nasty !!The hostess was very nice and helpful.  She got us sat right away and recommended 2 apps that were enjoyable.  A food runner came by and offered us a complimentary appetizer of the cheese curds while sitting at the bar!  We were very happy to receive that.  I assume it was to thank us for our patience we were about to exercise.  Although very kind, the bar tender was so in the weeds with service tickets all night that she was near non -existent to our needs.  We would've ordered more beers and we would've enjoyed our meals more if she had just checked on us more often and most importantly, shortly after the food arrived.  My buddy needed some hot sauce and had to get up and ask another employee for it after trying to get the bartenders attention for over 5 minutes.  He had the fried chicken which was tasty and good portion.  The issue was that it was large pieces of breast meat and no bones (like huge chicken tenders almost).  The dark meat and the bones are a must for good fried chicken in my opinion.  Breast is the least tasty, but the meatiest.  I had the oxtail, which had great flavor!  The rice was especially good.  The issue was that about half of the meat was inedible.  It was such tough, grisly, fatty pieces that I simply could not even rip the meat off the bone to chew it.  That was a miss, because the pieces I was able to eat were really good.
The bathroom was decently clean except there was no way to dry my hands.  It happens.  I let an employee know and they helped get me some paper towels and likely took care of restocking.
The free app was much appreciated.  The bar tender needs to pay attention to her dinner guests.  They are her biggest check averages of the night, and should be her biggest tips.  I was hesitant to give 20%, but in these times every restaurant employee deserves AT LEAST that.  I would go back, but probably get a table next time.
The entire staff was friendly and worked as a team.  Pretty good spot in a cool neighborhood of west Philly.Came here for brunch in the middle of a pandemic. Called to reserve a table and they required a $25. Definitely a first for me. I liked their outside dining set up along with the 90s r&b playing. I REALLY enjoyed the Cheesecake French Toast. I was surprised that it came with blueberries. Although their Pancake Of The Day was blueberry pancakes. Ordered cheese grits, but they lacked a bit of taste. The portion size was huge though. This is a great spot for brunch for all ages. Would definitely come back again.One of the BEST BLACK OWNED BUSINESSES  in West Philly babyyyyyyyy!!! I Always catch a vibe here. I always feel like I'm munching on food made by grandma angels in heaven. There's also a wine garden next door that meets are your bad & boujee needsLOVE. THIS. ESTABLISHMENT.Happy Hour is cool here, atmosphere is a little but more grown than the rest of the bars/restaurants on Baltimore. I've eaten here a few time, the food is good but about $2 over priced (not sure if that makes sense). I live close by but it's never my first choice to grab dinner. Overall you should check it out.I know it's already been said but the food and the service and the price all outstanding ,it's just that simple.Went here for dinner tonight, eating outside the 2020 way. Food was delicious, highly recommend. Excellent drink menu as well and friendly service. Plenty of street parking available. Felt really good to be out dining again, this was the first "date" my wife and I have had since March. Come out and support a true Philadelphia restaurant, your stomach will thank you!So I've been to the establishment several times for happy hour and dinner. As of late both the quality of the food and the service have been lacking. My last visit there, I was overcharged for several items, had to wait unreasonably long periods of time for food to come out and the service was trash. I actually ended up speaking with the owner. She was very polite and open to my criticism. She offered a 10% discount which was kool but it seems as though the staff requires some more training on basic customer service. Since it's close I'll likely go back but beware they're not always on point.Found this place while browsing Yelp for a new spot to try. Let's just say I lucked up! I'm actually surprised to find such a gem located in the West Philadelphia area close to home. The ambience is calm and relaxing. Me and my date ordered the seafood Mac & Cheese as a shareable appetizer. DELICIOUS! I ordered the Steak with potatoes and vegetables and i must say it was worth every penny! The steak was large, and cooked perfectly! Tender and easy to break apart. My date had the Sea Bass and had no complaints either. I do wish they had a bigger wine menu but it wasn't a big deal since I'm not much of a drinker. Will definitely be eating here again. The left overs didn't even make it to the next day as it was so good I finished them before bed! LOLWe had a great time and the food was as good as it looked. We went for a birthday brunch and there were 5 of us. I had the blueberry French toast  with the turkey sausage. I also had the mango mimosa, on which I do have to agree with another review regarding lack of flavor. One member of my party is doing Keto and ordered the buffalo cauliflower , steak, eggs and potatoes which she did not eat the rest of us tasted and they were GOOD!!! Two of my guests had the shrimp and grits and enjoyed that. The last person had the burger and fries and didn't eat the burger until the next day and STILL said that it was good. Lastly, the owner came out and took a picture with us  It was a good choice for my birthday brunch!I was so impresssed with this restaurant that I had to post this, Drinks were a knock out, the service was beyond awesome, the food was different but out of this world, we had a server I think her name was Shella but she was awesome and between her the Mgr and the other severs they all worked like an orchesta, I will be back their with out a doubt!!!!I went here for black restaurant week. I love the concept of an open patio, open bar and outside seats it was extremely inviting. Kelly our bartender / waitress good bless her heart she was all over the place. She was not aware of what was going on, when people were calling her, I prob asked for her 4 times before she answered, granted I would give the benefit of the doubt since she was the only one there, however only her working should never happen again. I order the stack pancakes with the pomegranate mimosa! The mimosa was amazing it was a different type of flavor I wasn't expecting a little tart with a hint of sweet! The pancake was huge. I could not finish it and this was the only thing I ordered. They also had a homemade pink sauce on top which made it 1000 times better! I did not eat here for the restaurant week promotion however I seen the option, it wasn't nothing special and I think the price was a little high for the limited option they were offering.I would have to visit again and try something new to see if anything changed.Had brunch on a weekday. Sat at the bar. Ordered the fried cheese curds, deviled eggs, Thai wings, hot chicken sliders, and a short stack. This meal was for me and my friend. Every dish was delicious. My favorite was the chicken sliders though don't expect them to knock your socks off heat-wise. Service was excellent. Too bad they're out in west Philly; if they were closer to Fishtown I'd be going there for breakfast often. Guess it's good for my waistline.We had dinner here tonight and the food and service is absolutely fantastic! Atmosphere and overall ambiance cannot be beat! Wife let her phone by accident -got home-called them to see if it was returned and yes! Our server did! Can't thank him and the staff enough! This is my spot when we have guest out of town visiting! And oh-the jazz spot next door.. Check it out.thanks for a wonderful meal and great experience!!!Bookers not only has great food and drinks, but also a great outdoor seating area during COVID. The buffalo cauliflower and fried cheese curds are both fantastic appetizers (see photo of cauliflower). Bookers has a nice variety of burgers (including veggie options) and salads - though the salads are nothing special. The fries more than made up for the average salad. I highly recommend getting the garlic truffle fries with any entree, you won't regret it. The wait staff was pretty overwhelmed on the day we visited (the day the 2020 election was called) and our waitress was attentive even during the busy time. We'll be back!So, here's the deal. The bar at Booker's on any night is one of the best. But a weeknight? Excellent. I found myself at Booker's on a Tuesday night with one of my best friends and I ordered the Caesar salad with shrimp and it was actually amazing. A Caesar salad amazing? Yup. It was spicy and delicious and crisp. So there. But the absolute highlight of the night were the drinks made by Eyob, the bartender. Oh. My. Gosh. So...I'm a sucker for a tequila drink but I don't like overly sweet and syrupy. Hard to find with tequila. Eyob designed the PERFECT tequila drink. Subtle, mixed well, a touch of citrus and delicious. It was called "Poolside". He actually had a bevy of original cocktails and he served them up with poise and expertise. He was patient (even when we got a tad rowdy) professional and most importantly a mixologist. He took pride in his work and made it all from scratch. Sidle up to the bar at Bookers. It's a great way to unwind and spend a sweet evening with delicious drinks and friends.From the kind attentive service, to the incredible variety of Southern and Soup dishes, to the vibrant, welcoming atmosphere, this restaurant is an absolute gem.  We are lucky to have them in Philadelphia.  Take your mom, take a friend, take your date, take anybody to this true quality eateryI'm psyched to see another new restaurant come to Booker's, and my boyfriend and I really enjoyed our first visit a few weeks back.
It was one of the super hot days in early May, and the A/C wasn't on/working - so it was VERY warm in the restaurant.
Despite all of that, we loved our food. We decided to order a few smaller items and share everything. We ordered:
- Deviled Eggs
- Crispy Mozzarella Cheese Curds
- Brisket Biscuit
- Buffalo Cauliflower
- Crab Cake Salad
Our favorites were the Cheese Curds, Buffalo Cauliflower and the Crab Cake salad (but everything was really really good.) The Buffalo Cauliflower gets a lot of praise, and it's totally worth it. 
The Brisket Biscuit was great, too - but a little heavy and maybe a tad on the dry side?
Service was great. Our server was incredibly personable, friendly, chatty, and happy to joke with us and make recommendations. The entire staff was so welcoming and i hope Bookers continues to be busy!First visit the this new-to-us local spot on the gentrified edges of west Philly.  Parking was fairly easy. 
+ Great Friday night vibe.  
+ Bar staff was friendly and attentive.
+ Held our reservation 
Overall the food was decent if not a bit underwhelming.
+ Hanger steak had a really nice deep rich flavor - loved it!
+ The ox tail comes with carrots that were spiced right - just enough heat.
- Lobster mac & cheese lacked effort and the decadence expected from rich dish.
- Black-eyed pea hummus was way too salty - but edible.
- Love brussels but they were a unanimous miss.
- Server was a bit forgetful and had no suggestions on menu items          but we liked her anyway.
Overall, good experience.  I would have a small plate or two at the bar on the next visit.We arrived on a Friday night and were seated right away. They've done a great job with the space. Nice colors and lighting and good warmth.
 Our server seemed to be a tad condescending and a bit inattentive. I tried to be forgiving since the restaurant is just getting started. We were given menus right away, but after drink orders were taken getting service seemed to be challenging. We were ready to order about fifteen minutes before our order was actually taken.
We started with the deviled eggs. They were okay. Not really anything special.
My daughter ordered the burger and fries, my friend ordered the brick chicken and I ordered the trout.
The burger was pretty good. Cooked well, ordered just as we requested and the fries were tasty. Our server never brought ketchup but my kid ate all she had anyway. My friend said the chicken was "rubbery" and wasn't so impressed. My trout was tasty as well as the "smashed" potatoes. The trout was flaky and cooked well.
The service was spotty. Our server rarely checked on us. She told us our order was taking longer because the chicken took longer to cook but when we asked for a menu to order additional appetizers (because we needed to wait longer) she never checked on our table to take the order so we went without. At the end of evening when we were splitting the check, we were told there was a mix up, but then found that there wasn't after WE discovered that there was no error but there was not much accommodation regarding any oversight. 
In conclusion, the food was adequate, the service was sub-par, but it's new and hopefully room for improvement. I'm not giving up on this place, but I hope they take heed and look towards improving.Cozy venue. Great & friendly staff. Good food. Nice variety of food on tHe menu. Something for everyone. Kid friendly. Family friendly. Great for date night or girls night out. Great happy hour drinks!!This is my third time eating at Bookers and my second time with the Michael as our wait staff. I will hands down say that the good service at Bookers makes up for the snafu food situations that you might experience. 
The service: it's been outstanding for the last two times I've been at Bookers. On both occasions, there are issues with either my food or the cocktail and Michael handed both of them with ease and professionalism. They  were very kind throughout the entire experience and made sure to be attentive even though it was a little busy; even when the restaurant was actually closing. 
The food: I got a salmon burger (Michael's recommendation) which came with fries that  were dusted with parm and herbs. The salmon burger was slamming! 10s all round for this burger! First, it's a house made patty and that's why Michael suggested it. It was seasoned to perfection, the toppings were fresh and the bun was nicely toasted. There was a very disproportionate large hot pepper garnish on top of the burger that Gordon Ramsey would disapprove of, but next time I will try it all together. 
Side note: If you are a lover of sauce like I am, get a side of the salmon slider aioli, as the burger only comes with a sweet/spicy reduction sauce. The reduction sauce was delicious but super spicy for some of my bites (no need for extra sauce here!). 
The cocktail: I got the spring garden cocktail that has gin, Campari and St. Germain. It came out in a wine glass on ice with a cherry. I will say that the cocktail had a lot to be desired, and I like gin. This isn't the first time that I had a cocktail that I wasn't wowed by here but it's no reason to knock of a star off or tank a stellar review. I will just say that this restaurant  isn't my go to for cocktails but try the wine and beer selection and of course, the food.Brunch was definitely a hit. We had chicken and waffles & beef sausage shrimp and grits. Everything was delicious!!! Cornbread was moist and the rum punch was amazing. I will definitely be back.Went here with a few friends for happy hour and had an excellent experience! Drinks were strong, food was great and cheap, and the staff and manager were fantastic! Will be returning.Went here for black restaurant week for dinner. Was seated right away at a nice table outside. ordered drinks which were off.  asked for vodka with a lime and instead was given what tasted like a little bit of vodka with a full cup of lime juice. We then decided to order off of the prefix menu three courses salad, entrée, dessert. We also decided to add an additional appetizer. To our surprise our entrées arrived first. The waitress said 'oh your soup isn't ready and your other app is it ready but they told me to bring you these entrées anyway.' 
Additionally the side my entrée was supposed to come with was polenta instead it was swapped out for mashed potatoes. When we asked she just said 'oh didn't realize we just ran out weeks ago.' Yet we ordered off the restaurant week menu which was just this week?
So we're eating our entrées reluctantly, when my salad comes and the waitress seems to be trying to talk my boyfriend out of the soup he had already ordered first saying that it still wasn't ready and did He still want it. We said yes and kept trying to eat. Then the other appetizer, mussels, came out with some very burnt stale bread. Finally my boyfriends soup comes out. It was chicken gumbo. However it was very cold and the rice was so hard in the soup. We were baffled at the fact that for a prefix menu they were just not ready to deliver food in the way that it was ordered. We waited for another drink and that took forever but they finally got it right. we left most of our food on the plate as it was either overcooked cold and or just didn't want to eat my salad after my entrée. That brings us to dessert. We ordered bread pudding because they were basically out of everything else. It was also very cold, dry and burnt on the bottom. We took a few bites but it just wasn't good. The check comes and gratuity is already added so there's no surprise that the waitress just didn't seem to care about anything. 
very disappointed and will never be going back.I ordered this "Vodka Lemonade@ and it was horrible. It was very much watered down when I spoke to our waiter and informed them that the drink was nasty and watered down he reported to the manager and the manager said there was nothing he could do. The French fries were horrible and not crisp at all and the shrimp were not freshly made but still ore bought. Jeremy was the manager that was not able to accommodate me not even offering to remake the drink without the ice. I was told they can't take back alcohol. It's obvious I barely took a full sip of the drink and realized it was disgusting. I would not come back to this restaurant  nor would I recommend it unless they become more accommodating to the customer.UPDATE:
If you're looking for an ideal brunch experience, check them out. 
They have great options for all eating habits. The drink options are vast and creative. Outside seating with heaters and personalized booths. Seating is by reservation only.I had been dying to check out this little gem, which is in walking distance from me and I finally got the chance and OMGGGGGG! I absolutely loved my experience from beginning to end! The waitress was both professional and super awesome, the food was simply amazing! The chicken and waffles was to die for, my fiancé ordered the pan seared trout and it was simply melt in your mouth delicious. I look forward to returning again really soon.....Beautiful decor, great food, fast service. I had the blackened Catfish with garlic mashed potatoes and greens and Bistro Salad. Didn't even take pics cause the food was so good. Will definitely come again to try the breakfast menu.Great daily happy hour and definitely a locals spot! I enjoyed a few drinks waiting for my wife, then we had a snack before heading closer to city center. The happy hour tapas include calamari, thai wings, spicy turkey meatballs and more ranging from $4 to $6 bucks. Not bad! There are vegan options and a city-wide special where you get a beer, shot, and fried pickles for $7! I didn't go for it since I enjoyed a few glasses of bubbly...what else would I be having? I'd love to come back here an sample some more off the menu. The service was friendly and so were the folks at the bar.Absolutely love this black owned business. Great food and drinks. There's also a frozen wine garden right next door that we always go to afterwards as well!Great service, fun music and delicious food! This is my go to brunch and happy hour place now.Pretty cool spot. Love the outdoor seating. The flowy curtains give me a Caribbean vibe. I couldn't get enough of the Buffalo cauliflower!! My friends and I loved all our food and the drinks were spot on!!