I visited recently with my boyfriend.  The service was friendly and helpful, and the beer selection was good.  However the food was not at all good and ruined our experience.
We ordered the pork belly tacos, the sweet chili wings, and the roasted Brussels sprouts.
The pork belly tacos were awful.  The pork belly was sliced so paper-thin that I couldn't even tell that it was pork belly, which is almost a sacrilegious treatment of this cut of meat.  The layer of fat, as far as we could tell from the tiny slices, was totally missing, so it may actually have been another cut of meat altogether trying desperately to pass as pork belly.  There was an incredibly tiny amount of pork in the tacos, perhaps one thin slice per taco.  The balance was odd; there were very few leaves of fresh herbs, and the vermicelli really didn't add much to the texture of the taco.  It was just limp and soggy and sad.
The Brussels sprouts were also soggy and sad.  It was clear that they had been piled in a roasting pan rather than placed in a single layer on a baking sheet; instead of having a wonderful crispy and gooey texture, they were just wet.  This dish doesn't require much, if any, skill; I easily could've made far better Brussels sprouts at home.
The sweet chili wings were sickeningly sweet... without the heat of the chili.  Moreover, the skin wasn't crispy either, but, instead, it had a gelatinous texture.
Overall, it was exceptionally disappointing.  We won't be back.love the european selection
love the prices
when i visit my friend in fishtown its hard not to stop in here and pick up two or three bottles on the way home.I don't usually write reviews so you know this place is great! It's easy to find a beer you'll enjoy. I'm here now and the bartender, Andy, is doing a great job although he is working the bar on his own. I ordered a pulled pork sandwich, mac n cheese, and Viet pork tacos. I'm not really a fan of the pork tacos cuz it tasted nothing like grandma's pork, but the sandwich and mac was great!Bottle Bar is a great place. Don't let the bottle shop atmosphere fool you. The food is top notch. The beer selection (tap and bottle) are amazing, and the prices are on par or better than similar shops in Philly.
They have a great spin on the Cuban Sandwich that I highly recommend.Bottle Bar is my go to spot when I hear about a beer I should try.  Their selection is amazing. You can buy an individual bottle and drink it at the bar.  It takes away the commitment of buying a 60$ case of beer and not liking it.  Their draft selection is great, too.  They play old school.hip.hop a lot, too.   Go here for beerSuper good. BBQ Pork Grilled Cheese was delicious! Good atmosphere, great beer selection. Excellent overall.Tried the chicken sandwich and unfortunately, it was so gross! The chicken didn't seem at all like real chicken, it was a boneless filet thing that was stringy and tough. Also tried the brussel sprouts - the food here just isn't good. But they do have beer!Beer selection (obviously) always impressive. Food is also delicious!
I was in about a month ago and had some of the best service I've had in Philadelphia. Our server (wish I remembered her name, but I remembered her vibrant red hair and great nails) was attentive, friendly, and helped us decide between food menu items and beer. Because of her service alone, I will definitely be back!a fantastic bottle shop with a great bar that cranks out some serious eats... can you beat that?Great place with incredible beer selection. I have found that they offer a better selection than the Foodery (and I believe, better prices). In the rear of BBE, they have a great little bar with a little food menu and a good list of taps.  One thing to be aware of is that this place has only one bathroom and it is upstairs. I can imagine that on a busy night that may be an inconvenience and an adventure (maybe!).I have heard a lot of good things about this place but being that I'm not much of a beer drinker, I wasn't exactly clamoring to try it out. Last night, this was the last stop on the line for a group of us, all whom except for me, were big beer drinkers. I was down, though!
Walking in, it appeared like a beer convenience store with the bar to the back. My husband advised me to pick something from the cooler and wow, what a selection! There literally seemed to be something for everyone, including me! I am a fan of Rekorderlig cider and saw that I hadn't tried any of the 3 flavors they had. I opted for the strawberry-lime can which was $5. You bring it to the bartender who will open it and ring you up from behind the bar. 
In addition to what you pick from the cooler, you can order drinks from the bar. Our group all had different things but at the end of the night, my husband decided to try the 15% abv beer ($12 for 8 oz). He and I both actually liked it! It reminded us of a non-alcoholic malt beverage popular in the Hispanic culture called malta. 
The vibe here was super cool and I'd like to come back.....for that 15% abv beer. *insert evil laugh*Terrible prices here - i get its a bottle shop but when you are paying $17.50.... yes $17.50 for a 6 pack of Yards (whose brewery is .5 miles away) it is kind of a joke. I asked the manager about the prices and he said that was actually the discounted price because i bought a whole 6 pack! $17.50 is the discount!!!???? Come on, get it together bottle barWent here around 7 on a Saturday night for dinner with the bf and lucked up on a couple seats at the bar. Unfortunately, the position at the bar was near a corner and waitresses station so people were squeezing in to order on the left of us and the servers were picking up things on the the right, but hey a couple of bumps are to be expected at a bar. Bartender got us water immediately and menus after asking for them. The menu was surprisingly healthy and not typical bar food. We had the glazed salmon tacos, zucchini fries, and a grilled chicken salad with herbed goat cheese, roasted peppers and white truffle dressing. It took our food about 20 minutes to come out, which wasn't too bad of a wait.  I found the salmon to be a bit dry but texture was good, flavor was okay but could have been a little bolder. The zucchini fries were cut too thickly for my liking (think of a potato wedge but zucchini) but the house made ranch dressing it was served with was delicious. The salad was pretty tasty however the chicken in the salad was under-seasoned, combined with everything else though it was barely noticeable. They're known for their beer selection which I didn't try so I'll definitely have to go back to try some out.Wow, Very impressed! I have been wanting to check this place out for a while, and finally got the opportunity. A buddy lives within walking distance, so we decided to pop in and check it out. they have an AMAZING selection of beers by the bottle, wayyyy too many to count. the prices are also perffect, not inflated bar prices. You grab your bottle of beer frm the cooler and the server opens it for you, and it's added to your bill. They also have a few craft beers on tap and mixed drinks. We opted to grab a few appetizers. First was the short rib flatbread. It was okay, but the flatbread was way too crispy for my liking. I did like the flavors in the short ribs and it worked well with the sweet addition of the balsamic reduction. Next we had the chorizo and beef sliders. They were good as well. The last thing we ordered was the cuban sandwich, that we all split. It was good, but the meat was overcooked and the whole thing a bit dry. Now the flavors were very good, just a bit overdone. The service was impeccable and the vibe was super chill. I'm excited to go back as there' sa gajillion beers there I need to try.Awesome atmosphere, food, and beer selection. The staff is competent and helpful. Great place to go and read a book while eating a deviled egg and drinking world class beer. 
The prices are steep for the top shelf items, but they have a comprehensive selection of shitty dad beers for super cheap if you're on a budget, or just can't get enough Lion's Head for some reason.This place is on the money.  The bartender, Stefany, is great and the owner, Brad, seems like a nice guy.  I'm looking forward to going back and throwing a few tasty beers back!  Nice addition to the neighborhood!Yummy beer selection. Staff know their stuff. Love it. And beignets! What's not to like.Great lil spot!!  
Must try the venison sliders!
Will definately be back soon to catch a game on Sunday.
Love itLove this shop. It looks small from the front but goes farrrr back into a full blown restaurant. 
I usually come here to oogle the bottle selection ($$$) which is large. The store clerks are usually pretty helpful and are great at navigating the large collection. They have always made a good recommendation. I have bought bottles here before but now I try to stick to buying in New Jersey and Delaware when I am in town.
They have a great tap selection but I have never ordered a beer here (I was tempted to this past weekend though). I need to make an effort to grab a beer and food here sometime cause it does look good.Went here for office quizzo. Questions were way too easy until the tiebreaker and then had nothing to do with the office series. The guy running it thinks he knows about the office, but when he pronounced our team name he misquoted the show and said "okay afterbirth" not a true office fan and was too lazy to come up with good questions. This was just a ploy to get people to drink at their bar. The service was great though. Thanks monica!this place is awesome.  my husband and friends went here after his band played a show one night around the corner at the kung fu necktie.  it didn't seem like there was many good places to get food late at night around this neighborhood, but this place was a great surprise!  excellent food and beer selection.  I had pineapple pork tacos and a blueberry beer.  great bar with great food! highly recommended!  one thing; it is a small place, so it might not be best for a group of people unless you don't mind being crowded.I had to update my review.. I mean it was five stars before but we just found out they had brunch last week and IT WAS SO GOOOOOD. I got the Chorizio Bennys-- DELICIOUS. Husband got hangover tacos.. also delicious. Complimentary mimosas. This will be my brunch place!
Oh and probably best selection of the beer in the area!I am currently here and l'm typing this!!!! Let's get this straight from the very beginning....This place is super amazingly outrageously dope!!!!! Where else can you get great food thats made with beer but you have a personal choice of over 700 different beers. YES 700 DIFFERENT BEERS. 
Today my friend & I had the Angus & Andouille Sausage Sliders...Lamb Loin Chops but the star of them all was the Cajun Gumbo. MANNNNN LISTEN THIS SH*T RIGHT HERE IS AMAZING. We would have taken pics of it all but the food was so great we didn't have time. 
If you ever want a nice chill kickback Saturday turn down day then visit THE BOTTLE BAR EAST to fulfill all of your alcholic & foodie senses.  BTW ask for HEATHER SHE'S AMAZING, PERSONABLE & KNOWLEDGEABLE....4 thumbs up ( that's from the both of us)I went here for the first time with my friends while bar hopping and really liked the atmosphere. The beer selection is pretty amazing, and compared to other bars in the area that are packed beyond belief on a Friday night this place was busy, but not too loud to have a conversation or crazy to get service. I definitely want to go back and try some of the food, which sounds really good.One of my favorite places in the neighborhood. The staff is always friendly, there is an amazing beer selection, and it is one of the few bars that has Wi-Fi. The staff is also very friendly as well.Despite having a decent beer selection at reasonable prices and a small but tasty menu, I avoid this bar based on poor service. If you get up to  use the restroom or go out for a cigarette, too bad if you're only halfway done your drink because the bartender will unapologetically dump it out and charge you for another. They don't announce last call, just let you order right up until 1:59am then BAM run your credit card and insist you leave immediately. Last night, a drunken friend of the staff was behind the bar screaming at the patrons to "get the hell out unless you work here" while I was politely (and quickly) finishing my drink and waiting for my friend to come out of the restroom. Trust me, I know how annoying it is when customers sip on their drinks and seem to linger on forever after closing just chatting away with no regard... But this was at 2:02! We had barely finished signing our check. Do yourself a favor and skip the rude staff ... I'll definitely be sticking to take-out only here from now on.**angles singing!!!** This place is my beer and bar food heaven in Fishtown. Confession: I may have moved to the neighborhood mostly for Bottle Bar. Not only can I get all of my favorite beers under the sun, and can also get SUPER delicious and consistent food and awesome times of the day. The deals are always super generous and the staff is phenom.This is my go to spot in the neighborhood to just hang out and relax. During Happy Hour, all drafts are half price and their selection is always great and constantly rotating. The food is also very good, considering the minuscule kitchen that pumps it out.Ok, Im done. I went back once more to pick up a few bottles. I maybe expected a "Need any help" as I stared looking at the selection, but the cashier was busy on his phone. 
So, I found the beers I wanted and went to check out. Guy was still on his phone. Maybe he didnt see me? So I put my bottles on the counter......still nothing. He knew I was standing there. He wasnt even finishing up a text message. He was writing a whole damn story. So I waited....and waited....and waited some more. He finally looked up and started to cash me out.
The CC receipt printed out with a field for a tip. I left it blank. He looked at it and said "heh, thanks. Really appreciate it".  
Foodery is only a few blocks away. I'll continue to go there.Love this place. Great beer selection. The food is a hidden gem. One of the best grilled cheese sandwiches i've had in the city.YES!!!!!!! THIS IS EACTLY WHAT FISHTOWN NEEDED!!!!!!!!!! the beer selection is insane and you can mix your own six pack and take it home OR you can drink any of the beers from the cooler at the bar!!!!!!!! great chill place to hang, nice lounge upstairs with darts and foosball. staff is extremely friendly and helpful. love.Came here to watch the flyers game. Had the andouille sausage sliders. They were delicious! And my friend had the potato skin apps that were phenomenal. Definitely recommend. Also really cool fridges with TONS of different beers. Great selection you can pick from any or grab a draft. Really coolBoth the food and the staff was fantastic. They have an extensive beer selection and the gentleman at the counter was very helpful in recommending a few new beers for us. I ordered the gator po-boy grilled cheese and my girlfriend ordered the hangover tacos. The tacos had a nice spice to then and the grilled cheese was out of this world. I didn't know this was voted best bar in Philly. We just happened to be in the area to visit La Columbe to get some coffee (which they serve here and is very smooth).I love this place. They have a great beer selection with reasonable prices. All of the food I have tried has been very good. 
Last night, I went for the Eagles game with a group of 12 or so. Our server (Jeremy) was excellent. He was very kind and our drinks were always full! We had a great time.I always liked Bottle Bar East for picking up a six pack HOWEVER last night I learned that there's actually a bar and upstairs to sit down and eat/drink. 
The draft selection is fantastic and the rotating food specials looked amazing. Our waitress was on point all night with great beer suggestions. The upstairs also has Foosball and a dart board. We went on a Saturday night and while it was busy, we didn't have any problem getting a table upstairs.huge bottle selection with an awesome food menu and draft selection. The buffalo chicken deviled eggs are incredible!This place is awesome. So unassuming but unapologetically perfect. I will usually get one of the specials everyone. Always something interesting and well prepared. I have eaten here 6-7 times. Every time I have loved it. They also have awesome specials. For lunch you can get any of there former sandwiches plus a draft craft for 10 bucks.
Moral of the story Go to Bottle Bar East.Stopped in for Friday lunch, had the special where anything on the menu and a pint costs just $12. Pretty good considering most of the pints are $5-7 by themselves with $10-$15 menu items. A good amount of draft options and the "$4 philly special" which is a pbr/rolling rock/bud light and a shot of well whiskey. Food is really good too had the pork pineapple tacos. Can also put together a 6 pack of hand selected brews on your way out back to the house! All in all, pretty fairly priced for the Fishtown area...I like this bar a lot. Came here during a beer festival down in Fishtown. We sat upstairs, had a few beers. If I remember correctly, I had a grilled cheese sandwich and I enjoyed the hell out of it. They have vast collection of beers here! So much to choose from. You can make your own 6 pack or you can drink your choices there. I'd go back.I'm trying to think of an appropriate way to describe my feelings about Bottle Bar without sounding nutty. But, well...It's like this: I LOVE Bottle Bar. 
Like, a lot. Like, if I'm in Fishtown, I stop in without fail. But also, I'm not in Fishtown that often so that's overall a general positive for my liver, wallet and refrigerator space.
Their selection is immense and overwhelming. I always feel like I'm in a hoppy library when I visit. And let's not forget their bar section in the back. You're sure to find something fantastic pouring at any given time.
That's basically all I have to say. Will be back.
[OH HEY, REVIEW 700!]Love this place.  Terrific,  fresh, inventive food in casual,  cool setting. Reasonable  prices. Great service.  We'll definitely be back.As shops and restaurants seem to be trickling northwards along Frankford ave, here comes what a lot of people have been calling the "new Foodery." Now, I wouldn't agree that it's exactly that - Bottle Bar East a pretty decent bar with a pretty decent bottle shop attached, the likes of which we haven't yet had up this way. The two businesses are not really so comparable - while the Foodery has an expansive beer selection, BBE has a more restricted selection with somewhat more reasonable prices. The Foodery is more of a fancy self-serve beer cafeteria with a little deli and limited seating (and a lovely fake wedding venue, but that's another story), while BBE offers table service and dim lighting that makes getting drunk seem more normal. Both do seem to have very personable staff.
The bar area is somewhat overwhelmed by a large tv blaring sports down upon artisinal-sounding sandwiches with fancily presented soups, while the small but well-curated bottle selection sits darkly up front to spearhead the little identity crisis. Sports bar and/or craft brew miniature sort-of-gastropub? Seems to be working, though, since this is exactly where the diehard everything-hating hipster kingdom seems to be starting to meld with the weird commercial northern liberties trust fund migration. Hello, popped collar weyerbacher dudes.
So it's a little odd. But I like it enough and certainly appreciate that there's finally a place north of Girard to pick up a couple bottles of something other than miller lite and maybe stop for happy hour now and again.Myself, my husband and 3 others went to Bottle Bar on Oct 1st for dinner.  The food is very good there and the portions are generous.  We ordered the cheese curds and fried pickles for appetizers - wow they were yummy!  The wait staff are really helpful and friendly.  The manager Heather even came over to chat with us to see how we were doing.  We have been here several times, and enjoy bringing new people with us to experience Bottle Bar.  Can't wait to go back ! It's a cool, relaxed place to hang out.So many beers! For a city where buying beer is not easy, this place makes up for it. So many to choose from and you can drink or there or take it to go. The food isn't bad either. The atmosphere is friendly and local and you are likely to make a new friend. Ask any beer question you have, I dare you to ask them, they will probably know the answer.Great spot, especially if you are a fan of craft beers.  Menu has so many good items it was hard to chose.   We started with truffle fries which are fries with beer braised chicken, red peppers, chive cheese sauce, and truffle oil.  My entree was a special for the night, soft shell crab tacos which I loved.  My son got the Hankwich sandwhich - filet mignon, fries, cheese sauce, carmelized onions, wild mushrooms, scallions and truffle oil.  If you are in the neighborhood or looking for some good beer and food, come check out this spot.Best beer selection, delish food and awesome art :) can never go wrong with that combo!The Foodery has had a stranglehold on the NoLibs/Fishtown bottle scene until now. Great selection at Bottle Bar East, and the prices seem to be on par with The Foodery. The big difference is BBE also functions as a pretty sweet bar, with unique mixed drinks (a Cinnamon Toast Crunch cocktail? Yes please.) and hot food made to order.They have a great rotating beer selection and their food is awesome. Their general tso cauliflower tacos are freaking amazing. I love meat and I still order them like half the time I'm there. I also stop in there to pick up 6-packs occasionally. They're a bit expensive, but I'm there for the convenience. 
My only critique is that their specialty cocktails are consistently bad to a baffling degree. I've tried to order a cocktail there on three different occasions and they were unbearably sweet every time. Finally the fourth time I asked the bartender if any of their cocktails weren't sweet and it turns out that ALL of their winter cocktails were on the sweet side. I don't get it, you have like 9 speciality cocktails at any given time, how can all of them taste like someone dissolved cotton candy in everclear? Either come up with a list of decent cocktails or don't bother having a list at all.After what felt like the longest winter known to man, the sun was finally shining and Philly was blessed with a gorgeous Saturday afternoon in the mid-80s. Problem was, everywhere with outdoor seating in Fishtown was SLAMMED with 1 hour+ waits. Luckily for us, we were able to snag a table outside at Bottle Bar, and I'm so happy we did.
Really awesome that you're greeted with an insane bottle selection - shop up front, bar and restaurant in the middle, cute outdoor patio seating out back. Our server told us we could order drafts from the bar or go back inside to the beer coolers and pick anything we want and he'd pour it in a glass. Pretty dope.  Draft selection was equally as impressive and expansive, but I need visuals, so I opted for the bottles to judge a book by its cover and select based on label.
So happy they had Kurant cider - I was able to try the "Earth" one which was super dry and right up my alley.
The 4 of us all ordered food and were thoroughly impressed. Three of the "just a great burger" (I think that's the name), one chicken cheesesteeak and a hummus appetizer.
The burger WAS great, per the name. Big and meaty, cooked a perfect medium , seasoned well, and topped with a delicious cheese blend, tomato jam, homemade bread and butter pickles, and crispy bacon. The brioche bun held up nicely (this is crucial).  Fries were on point and aplenty - salty and crunchy. Not one soggy fry. Amazing. Haven't had a burger this good in a long while.
Hummus was also really good, garlicky and smooth, and came with cauliflower, carrots, celery and these tasty and crispy (yet soft) crostinis for dipping.
Our server was really friendly.  Prices were reasonable for what you're getting. Overall, you really can't beat that great bottle selection and scrumptious gastropub fare.Me oh my! After two friends recommended this place (less than a week apart) I knew I had to stop by! 
The food is phenomenal. I would classify it more as a comfort food spot and the truffle fries are   TO DIE FOR! My friend ordered the tacos and she wasn't that fond of her dish but everyone else got grilled cheeses and were floating on cloud 9. 
Ofcourse the beer selection is where the real moneys at. They got everything you can think of (and for all wallet sizes)...you can also take them to go! In terms of service it started off a little shaky, but that may have been because we were all starving and just wanted to order already! By the end of our meals we were all very content and happy!Helpful staff.  Answered all my dumb questions about refilling growlers, local driving customs, and even beer.  Checker and waiter even provided good tips for driving to/from NYC.  If they hadn't tried it, we were given tastes.  We enjoyed the peppadews and brussel sprouts as small bites.  Great selections of beer/ciders.  The hardest part was compromising with the man.  I always want the weird ones: chocolate peanut butter must be an option for 2 different manufacturers for a reason, but the man likes the tried and trues or at least the same profiles we know we love.  I loved having the cigar city cider (didn't like the overly dry Pennsylvania option) plus a shot of fireball.  Yum!  Wish I was hungrier because most of the foo looked amazing and what we got was great.I had previously had reservations about Bottle Bar East, but mostly held them to myself. Their Brussels sprouts are average at best, and I felt Brussels sprouts are not an adequate starting point for a review, so I tried to be open minded,
A friend of mine and I stopped by today and enjoyed a few drinks. We were eating, and on accident one of the bartenders knocked a glass over, breaking the glass and spilling water everywhere, namely all over me. It was clearly an accident and he apologized and moved on. However, as we were getting ready to leave, I sliced my thumb open on a piece of glass. I got a bandaid from one of the bartenders, but it still really hurt so I went to the restroom and pulled a small shard of glass from my thumb. As I was walking out of the restroom I asked another guy that works there for a bandaid, and he checked with a couple people working in the kitchen, and then told me they didn't have any bandaids. I asked if he was sure, because I just had a bandaid, and he got really rude. He asked if I actually expected him to check with every single employee to find a bandaid for me. I tried to reason with him, and explain that I wasn't asking for a free drink or anything like that, and I know that no one intentionally cut me, but that the least they could do was get another bandaid. He said that because it was an accident he wasn't really sure what my problem was.
If you're going to Bottle Bar East, Frank, the bartender is a nice guy, their grilled cheese is pretty good, and make sure you bring your own first aid kit.I go here for the great happy hour, varied selection of draft beer and friendly staff. Everyone there is great but if you can, ask for Charlotte, she's the best!The front of the building looks like your average liquor store. You might walk by if you didn't know what was inside.  A ridiculously extensive bottled beer selection and a darn good tap selection as well.  The night I was there an Eagles game played on the big screen over the bar and immediately following the game the DJ took over. 
Our waiter was helpful with the menu and his descriptions of items and pairing recommendations even caused an up sell or 2.  The pork and pineapple tacos were simple but full of flavor. Three come in an order but I easily could have eaten several more. The Cheesus Christ Superstar with brisket was an amped-up version of an old classic, gooey and comforting.  A carafe of water was brought to the table (definitely did NOT taste like Philly water) and it was refilled as needed.  
Upstairs is a small area with a foosball table and a restroom. Be careful- the lock in the upstairs bathroom is tricky. The person before me, myself and later in the evening my husband all had trouble with the lock and briefly were stuck inside.The staff is very friendly and knowledgable about all the beer they stock.  Great tap list too.So you're health conscious now and abstaining from drinking and smoking. Eventually though, you will break, and find yourself at Bottle Bar East. 
"How did I get here? This isn't my beautiful life."
No it isn't, and now you're paying extra for convenient vices. Just remember don't make eye contact. Don't show those hazy, schedule 1 eyes. Give the nice man $30 for your six-pack and smokes. OK, now back away slowly and slink out the door.
Oh and the Cheesus Christ grilled cheese is to die for... your sins.SO MANY OPTIONS!! Between the bottles and drafts, they have almost every beer you could think of! Great spot to grab a brew with pals.The take out beer selection is excellent, and the 15% discount for mix-a-six is a nice perk.
Takes credit, helpful staff.
I have never eaten or drank here, and probably never will.  The excellence of the take out beer selection negates the need for an on-site bar entirely.Cool concept, basically they have a bunch of refrigerators with everything from craft beer to ciders to PBR. It is pretty much self serve. You just grab the beer you want and the waitress will open it for you. They have a huge TV that's great for watching games. Small upstairs seating as well. They do serve good food too. It's a cool place to have a couple beers, probably not a place you would spend all night.i live across the street from here and even though I don't drink, I had lunch there today.  The cabbage black bean soup I had was very good, well seasoned, fresh and delicious.  I had a turkey sandwich and their turkey sandwich is FRESH, not processed turkey and all the ingredients are Pennsylvania made and the bread was excellent.  The sandwich was outstanding, both tasty and fresh.Great place - staff is awesome, nice selection and make sure to try the deviled eggs!This is the heaven of beer stores, Philadelphia in general knows how to drink good beer.  You could go into this spot blindfolded and grab any beer, and you wouldn't be disappointed.  The menu seemed interesting and there is foosball and darts.  I would highly recommend stopping by either for food and a drink or to pick up some beer on the way to a gathering.BBE has an awesome selection and is a welcome addition to the neighborhood.  Since we're in PA, we just have to accept that we're going to get slammed on a six-pack price, which is unfortunate.  Where BBE really shines is that you can take that beer back to the bar and drink it there.  For takeout, $4 a bottle is pretty expensive ($24 six-pack?).  For drinking in?  A huge deal (Only $24 for 6 beers!?! Yay!).  They also have draft beer which is priced right at happy hour, but probably $1 too much otherwise (Seriously, $4 Kenzingers?  In Fishtown?)  A bonus is the fooseball table upstairs (I will dominate you any time, buddy, you just tell me when!)  
I haven't had the food, but the cheese is good and priced right.  They also give you enough toast points, which is annoying elsewhere when you get a big chunk o' fermented love and they give you two little burnt shreds of bread and expect you to beg and/or pay for extra.  My wife loves the pickles and my buddy always gets one of the soups.
I find myself there often, so that says what you need to know.Went for quizzo yesterday.....advertised "Food and Drink Specials" - was told "we don't have any specials"  and most important !! If you have quizzo make sure you can see everyone ... hate to lose to the people upstairs who googled every answer. ?The shepherds pie grilled cheese was phenomenal. The beer selection is incredible, I found a beer that I've been seeking from Tampa bay, Florida! Highly recommendI frequent BBE regularly as my office (Exit Benchmark Realty) is walking distance from this watering hole. Often its a random lunch & brew or a planned stop for their food which is awesome for a bar of its type. Personally, I have tried the entire menu & haven't had a single complaint. 
Needless to say, their bottled beer selections are insane housing beer from brewerys East & West. Taps, are filled with a pleasant surprise every visit as well. All in all, good location, great food, and pleasant bartenders (Taylor, Frank & Heather) as well. Stop by they won't disappoint. A+Nice little spot. I met up with some local friends upon their recommendation as they have a great beer selection and a full kitchen. 
The beer selection was very good and reasonably priced. A full 5th star was earned by pouring an IPA I chose into my FAVORITE glass (Samuel Smith pint)! 
We visited on a Sunday so had to try out the grilled cheese as it was half price. Not a bad choice in the slightest!
We didn't buy any beer to go, but the drafts, cans/bottles and food were great. I'd recommend this spot to any beer enthusiast who happens to be looking for a good bar with quality offerings.The good, the bad, and the.... smelly?
Here's the deal. Bottle Bar East is mostly great. Seriously- draft list, atmosphere, artwork, and obviously the bottle selection. The food is hit or miss- mac and cheese was good. I had steak one night that came with potatoes and string beans. The steak was cooked perfectly, but the potatoes were way undercooked. No big deal really, but I probably wouldn't return for the food alone.
Now, the only downfall to Bottle Bar East is the smell... it smells like old kitchen grease. I know the kitchen is open concept, but it's overpowering- you can smell it the moment you walk in the front door. I wouldn't have as big of a problem with this, but when I went to put on my jacket the next day, it smelled like kitchen grease! I don't know if they need to change the oil in their fryer, or get a huge fan back there... but something needs to give. I don't think I'll be hanging out here for extended periods of time because the smell of old grease isn't very appealing.This place is great for takeout beer. Soo many fun options and prices are not unreasonable. However, I was just there for food and drinks the other evening, and found the whole experience to be underwhelming. The back patio is cool and feels like a back patio of a jersey shore bar (rocks and picnic tables) if that's what you're into. But the service was clearly uncommunicative with each other, awkward about getting and serving beer, and the food was seriously sub par. We ordered fries, Brussels sprouts, and wings. The fries were alright, if a bit soggy. The Brussels sprouts tasted very chemically. Almost as if there was some kind of cleaning product or chlorine in them- we each tried these and then left them mostly untouched because this really threw us off. Finally, the wings were just chewy and lukewarm. All in all we wish we hadn't spent money on the food or the service, but just taken out some beers (which, again, excellent selection and worth coming for!).Mediocre food, overpriced. Of the two times I went, I had one good server and one really poor one who then put me and my friends all on one check and charged us gratuity she knew she didn't deserve. I speak as a former server. Buy the beer and don't stay to eat.I'm loving the concept here! The front half of the establishment looks like a bottle store...and I guess it pretty much is.  I saw a few people come in to mix a six and leave. The latter half is a super cool bar with live music, tasty food and a lovely draft list.  But the real magic happens when the two entities join forces.  You can bring one of countless bottles of craft beer to the back of the bar and enjoy it in the bar ambiance. 
Bottle Bar has a nice menu as well.  I had a grilled cheese with apple butter which was the perfect accompaniment to my craft brews. Bottle Bar was a great time and I will certainly be back.Great beer selection. Horrible service. Thought everyone was bothered that we were even there and annoyed that we even asked for anything (ie a menu, or food) . Eye rolling included. Very rude and not costumer service oriented.After a long week at work, I decided to toss on my backpack and walk over to Bottle Bar East to see how it was. I came in with 5 minutes left on happy hour, so it's like things were preordained. $2.75 for a pint of Stouds APA ain't too shabby in my book.
The tomato and cheese bar pizza was pretty good. Could have used a touch more cheese, but that's just me. Crust was crispy and tasty though, and fresh basil on top is never amiss. I sat at the bar, and service was quick and helpful.
Atmosphere wise, it was what you'd expect-an eclectic mix of the younger crowd sporting plenty of scruffy faces, skinny clothes, and tattoos. 
While the selection wasn't as massive as The Foodery, it was still quite good with bottles I'd not seen anywhere else. I came home with 4 bombers, and a full stomach.I've been waiting for something like The Foodery to pop up in my 'hood.
Bottle Bar offers a plethora of take out beer options (everything from PBR to the loveliest of craft beers). You can also buy any of their beers and drink it right then and there (just take it to the bartender and she'll open it and ring it up for you). They have a full bar, too, if you want to have a cocktail. Bottle Bar does make food, but I haven't had a chance to try it yet.
While Bottle Bar has a general friendly vibe to it, there is a bit of  a hollow feeling that I attribute to the actual building itself. Otherwise, the staff are helpful and assist you in finding some great new beers. There's also a foosball table upstairs if you want to do that.
AND THEY TAKE CARDS THANK YOU SWEET BABY JESUS.
While Bottle Bar might not necessarily blow you away as a bar/restaurant, this is definitely what Fishtown needs in the takeout beer arena....Not easy to find a great bottle shop anymore in this town; but Foodery is still king. Bottle Bar East has some good bottles, nothing too exotic or hard to find. Most other run-of-the-mill craft bottle shops will have the same stuff. But this is good addition to the neighborhood. Taplist is OK, but I like how happy hour is divided (6-7, 10-11). Half off drafts is great, too.If you're in a rush and need a variety of hip brews to bring to that banger at your bro's, this place is for you. They have a variety of cider's for your GFAF friends (gluten free as efff) IPA's for your hipster homies, and the basic beers for all the other white girls that you can grab in a "Mix 6" format, but it's gonna cost you a pretty penny. But let's be honest, I'm willing to pay some good money for a selection that's ready to drink, cold out the fridge. 
If you find yourself farther than the front door, their kitchen is open until 1am and their tacos are BANGING. The Vietnamese Pork Belly Tacos and the Chicken Chorizo Tacos are amazing and they chicken ones have this sauce (edit: honey chipotle-aioli) that they need to bottle so I can put that sh*t on everything.This place is amazing. The boyfriend and I stopped in for a quick drink one night and wound up having the specialty dessert, berries and creme, while sipping cocktails. I had the peach old fashioned and he had a sazarac. We also wound up splitting a cheese plate after a few drinks. It was excellent! I assumed the staff would be very drink knowledgeable and not know that much about nice cheese but the bartender explained every cheese to us in detail and made great recommendations. The bartender was super friendly and we definitely plan on stopping in again! It's definitely not cheap but for that kind of service I'm always willing to pay more. Love it!This place continues to get better and better. The food is always delicious and the kitchen never misses with its rotating menus. And of course, the beer selection is always top notch. Happy Hour is  must.Just ordered from caviar. Tacos and fries both burned, and order was 30 mins later than quote. Can't imagine the overcooked food is delivery drivers fault.
This is literally a ten minute walk from my house. Maybe less. Great beer selection. Food is typically fine in house. But this is inedible. Havn't eaten all night was just looking for a decent taco when I got home.. and just gross. Eating crackers. Threw it away.I love Bottle Bar... so why am I giving 1 star  we went last night (Monday) I ordered the pear salad  it came without  pears??? We also ordered a appetizer go figure we never got it then we sat there for a really long time waiting for our check because our waiter was no where to be found. My question is where was the regular staff the ones that provide excellent service?? Maybe just not on Monday'sI haven't written a review here yet? I must have assumed that I already wrote one because I seriously love this place. It is not far from the other bars in the area and is thus an exceptional place to start out for happy hour. 
Drafts are half off from 5-7 on weekdays which is easy on the wallet. The draft beer selection is relatively small but usually very good. If there isn't anything on draft that tickles your fancy, you can pull a cold one from the vast wall of bottled beer and enjoy it at the bar. (As a side note: I do think that The Foodery has a better selection and I prefer it if I'm on the go, but it just isn't nearly as fun if you're planning to stay). Also, the bartenders are very attentive and super easy going folk. 
I have only ordered food here once, and I honestly don't remember what it was. I do remember thinking it was lacking and I usually move on to another location if I have chow on the mind. 
Come here for happy hour-- it's a great time.I love this place. Wonderful selection of beers. I haven't had food here more than a couple times but it's been good when I have. It's really laid back most of the time, which makes it a perfect spot for a date or a quiet weekday drink. It does get rowdy when they have quizzo, which I haven't been to yet. I pass the bar on the way home from work every day so I see how crowded it can get. The bartenders are always super friendly and attentive. Two thumbs up!Bottle Bar is bar none. The bottled selection is perfect and the tap selection is tailored for craft beer lovers. Tonight they had 3 sours along w/an amazing chili-hazelnut imperial stout + but stop, forget the beer...
They have the best veggie tacos and veggie burger in the city. I've tried at least 10 taco joints and nothing beats the giant General Tso's fried cauliflower taco. Seriously the food won't disappoint. They also sell Ritter Sport bars. 
BBE has their shyte together. Keep it real.I've been dying to try this place every since they followed me on Instagram (thanks guys!). We got there around 7:30 which was perfect because the happy hour crew was just heading out. We easily got a table on the first floor. 
They had way more beers on tap than I expected. I got Hydra Lilith beer which was very good. Wednesday's are half off burgers so I got the traditional burger. I knew their pictures looked amazing on instagram but I really wasn't expecting it to taste that amazing. The burger was cooked to perfection and the bun was so soft. The only downside was that it was a little messy to eat but it was so worth it. The fries were also delicious. 
We didn't get to stay that long as we were headed to a show but the time we did spend there was awesome. I will definitely be back here (they have specials constantly!) and I would recommend others to try it out.This is the most overpriced beer place I have ever been to and I will not be giving them any further business. As a homeowner in the neighborhood it's pretty shitty that our local bottle shop rings up every beer individually in a 6 pack, resulting in a $20 6 pack of yards brawler. Ridiculous.Great beer selection on the wall, lot's to choose from.  I liked that there was some draft beers to choose from as well.  The food menu was awesome, myself and two buddies chose 3 from the menu and just split it and had a couple of beers.  It wasn't too crowded when we got there, but a good crowd had built up by the time we were getting ready to leave and go elsewhere.  The DJ was pretty good and set a pretty good vibe.  Our waitress was pretty good, fun, attentive and quick.  Another waitress was a bit short with us, but was no biggie.  
Definitely a chill spot to go if you want to try some beers you normally wouldn't find at a bar and pick at some really good food.  I will definitely find my way back.The food here was so ridiculously delicious. I got the veggie sliders and my friends were all really happy with their meals too. The goat cheese we had on the sliders was fresh and awesome. The beer selection was pretty big and the service was friendly. The chef came up to talk to us and ask us how we liked things. 
There is an upstairs to sit down and eat and a bar downstairs. You can also choose a beer out of the huge refrigerator and have it poured into a glass for you. We will definitely be going back for the food.Just okay. We came in for happy hour, excited to try various options from the menu. We ended up ordering truffle fries and the sweet chili wings. The wings were enjoyable, but the truffle fries were bland, soggy, and coated with a wet, creamy, chicken-like substance. I had a gag reflex. When we told the waitress that these were not enjoyable she asked, "why."  I explained that the chicken goup was a turn off and she said, "well it was explained on the menu so..."  In other words, too bad!  She did nothing to make our experience better. Oh well. Understand, since it's a small locally run place!  At least we enjoyed the selection of beers and the wings. Avoid the truffle fries unless you like soggy fries covered in tasteless goup.Tried it for the first time last night and was really impressed! The happy hour deal was really great- 4 people ordered multiple foods and beers/cocktails for all under $100. Food was truly delicious and you get a lot of food for the price! Beer selection was extensive with something for everyone. Cocktails were strong! Will definitely be returning for the food, drinks, and cool atmosphere.This bar is definitely a good spot for a chill night. A fun atmosphere with great speakers. Paige the waitress is the absolute best. She has red hair & her eyeliner is on fleek. Ask for her & tip her well!!!Great selection of individual bottles and a cool setup at the bar.We went here last night for the first time to meet up with friends.  I had never heard of this place and I was pleasantly surprised.   The food was good- I had the shrimp tacos and my boyfriend had the venison sliders.  My tacos were a little spicy, so next time I will ask for them to go light on the sauce, but they were good.  My favorite line of the evening was when I asked the waitress if the shrimp was fried.  She replied, "We don't have a deep fryer."  I was sold! 
I also loved that we could stand in front of the gleaming coolers of beer bottles.  It was so helpful to walk up and down the aisle and see the beer so we could  discuss our choices.  With such a large selection to choose from, it can be intimidating to have to pick  from a menu, without actually seeing the bottles.  We even got into a conversation with a stranger and suggested beers to each other to try.  It was a great experience and we will be back.Amazing music, HUGE TV for TV esque events (and Star Wars Love) great food & the most amazing beer selection in Fishtown. The staff is super friendly. I'm really glad I live nearbyI live in CC, but decided to brave the MFL to Girard to check this place out. The trip isn't too hard, and it's probably just a 5-10 minute walk from the station.
In terms of selection, the bottle/draft picks are top notch. In terms of pricing, it's on par with most of Philly (that is, expensive if you're used to buying in NJ or any place with more reasonable beer/liquor laws).
$21.48 got me the following:
-Great Divide: Espresso Oak Aged Yeti (large format - snagged via FB reserve)
-Neshaminy Creek J.A.W.N.
-Victory Hop Ranch
-Atwater Vanilla Java Porter
-SlyFox Odyssey Imperial IPA
Pro Tip: Follow them on Facebook to snag reserve bottles by commenting (they usually will reserve a certain number for the first respondents).Went to the Bottle Bar Saturday night around 8 with a date. I am a beer lover and she was an awesome companion when she offers to take me to place she knew I would love even though she does not like beer ( take note ladies even a spiked process like my girl knows a little sweetness goes a long way. ). Our next date will be somewhere fabulous or her!
We were really hungry and the place I wanted to go to was a little too far for her to walk in her heals so we sucked into this place that she had been to before. 
We entered and the place was packed. The owner/manager? Saw we were out together and not your typical 20 somethings ( well she is I'm way too old for her) so he came up and offers to find us a table which he did in about 2 minutes. Fabulous since she was getting hangry 
I was not thinking the food would be good and it wasn't, IT WAS SPECTACULAR!  A great mix of eclectic comfort foods, perfect bar bites. A little bar with a ( mostly) non-hipster crowd had good food! Who knew?  Well obviously my date. 
We ordered Pasta bravas to share and IT WAS OUT OF CONTROL DELICIOUSNESS! She got a salad ( to keep her tight bod since she went to the gym. I got the Angus and andouille sliders ( like I said eclectic bar foods) and they were UNBELIEVABLE! So thick and juicy! Most bars cook their sliders well done or are so thin in order to get them out quick. Well these were thick and juicy. I was delighted. 
The entire menus is all bar bites in general but everything we got was great and the other food we saw walking by looked pretty awesome and well. 
Craft beer and draft was pretty good (10 taps or so) and their huge beer fridge with grab and go ( inside) beers would keep me coming back for moreThe best quick munchies food around. I come here all the time and it's ALWAYS GREAT FOOD. beer selection is wide. Pricing is reasonable. Art on walls is fun. Music is never too loud. They have lots of veggie/ Healthy options which is rare for bar scene.Really enjoy this place. Great selection. Friendly staff. Delicious food. Solid entertainment.This is a great hang out spot! You walk in and there are a variety of beers in fridges on the right. You can purchase the beer to go or you can grab what you want to drink and take it to the bar. The bar is also fully stocked with liquor. I didn't order any of their speciality cocktails, but they looked like they had a lot of reasonably priced, creative options. 
I didn't order any food because we had already ate, but their menu looks awesome. They have shrimp and mahi tuna sliders that I want to come back and try. Everything they were bringing out of the kitchen smelled delicious. 
The atmosphere is very chill and relaxed. The bartenders are very friendly. There's a big tv over the bar for all you sports watchers out there.Awesome Place!! Bill the bartender knows everything about beers and Bill the cook...OMG makes the best soups ever!!! Bartenders Giovanna and Britt are so nice, always a pleasure talking to! Just awesome staff all around!!A beer selection as wide and comprehensive as I have seen. And, better than words on a list you can stroll by every bottle in the massive well organized fridge cases, grab your selection, bring it to your table or the bar, and have it poured by a friendly staff member. Food is gastropub-worthy and delicious. Unpretentious, cool people inhabit the Bottle Bar.A roach crawled from the counter of the bar on to my girlfriends plate. We told the bartender and he acted like it wasn't a big deal. We won't be back.So, my previous review for this place spoke only of the beer selection in the front, which you can mix and match and carry away bottles of your choice.  This feature offers top marks, as they have great selections!  However, tonight I was able to go to the bar/dining area for the first time.. and all I can say is a big heaping pile of W.T.F.
Let me start by saying the bartender was great.  He later attested to the fact the crowd there had never been before.  The crowd I speak of, which seemed like two or three crowds initially, became what seemed like some huge herpes-trading-northern-liberties-reject-swingers group.  I kid you not.  There were dudes hitting on dudes and girls making out with girls and it all started from some half-assed confrontation when my friend and I got there.  After they all seemed to leave, there was one remaining member who was courted by a non-swinger but she seemed to reciprocate.  The bartender later said of the incendent, "I have no idea what that was about.  All I know is that I saw two chicks making out but then the rest I have no idea."
The kitchen was closed when we arrived.  Too bad.  Though I only give this place three stars because of the weird debauchery that took place, the entertainment for the evening you couldn't get even if you watched Cinemax.Fishtown was lacking a walk-in place where you could buy good craft beer in smaller quantities, like so many of the corner pizza places from my former neighborhood on the border of U City. You can mix and match to create your own 6-pack. If you're looking for good quality, friendly service and a cool atmosphere, this is the place. It even has a bar and kitchen so you can chill out for a bit and watch a game or something. (AS if I cared about sports.)Come on, Bottle Bar. One bartender working the bar on a Saturday night? Really? This place has an awesome selection of beer and the prices are right, but waiting 20 minutes for my check is ridiculous. 
The bartender kept scanning over the patrons asking "You all good?" without waiting for anyone to answer before she walked away. Maybe it was an off night last night, but I'll probably take my 6-pack home next time.This place is pretty rad. The selection is HUGE and the prices are actually really really decent. 
I went on a Saturday night and it wasn't hard to find an open table. The bottle service is great too. There is always someone there with a nice clean pint glass ready to pour your brew for you. 
The staff is extremely friendly and helpful if you need help finding a new beer to try.
I cant comment on the food, as it looked a little pricey and I wasnt very hungry. 
Give this place a try. Its great.This bar was super awesome! When you walk in there's a row of coolers with a great selection of beers to choose from! You pick your beer and take it to your table or the bar and the server opens it for you and starts your tab. The prices weren't too terrible, pretty close to what you would pay in the store (I.e. I got a 750 ml of Rodenbach Grand Cru which is $12-13ish dollars at the store and $14 here). We only stayed for one beer, and didn't try any food, but will definitely be back to try it out!The have a pretty good lunch combo, The largest bottled beer selection for a sit down bar. Pretty cool art on the walls which are all available for purchase. The only downside is their lack of beers on tap. But don't let that stop you from grabbing a random beer from the cooler and enjoying it.The prick out at the counter just kicked me out of this restaurant for no reason. I came in with a group of 8 and one of our friends ID had just experienced which she showed him along with her registration with her birthday. We're 25. He refused to serve her and I said that him thinking she's 20 is the best compliment she's gotten all day. He then refused to serve me bc I said that and kicked me out of the bar regardless of me being 25. What a rude employee, I can't make a joke without being kicked out. That's just bad serve and he lost business. I hope he gets fired he had long hair past his shoulders and a nose ring. I usually love this bar until this rude employee told me to leave for no legit reason.I feel like everyone forgets this place has food. At least within my friends group. 
The grilled pear sandwich is awesome. I've only been there twice and I keep getting the same thing. Hopefully next time I can break the mold!
It's a bit narrow and not a lot of seating. I hear there is a backyard but I've never scoped it out I'll have to update when I go back there. 
Also Robocop was playing on the TV.Great spot. Good food, good drinks, amazing beer selection. Only problem is little seating ( it's always packed). They have a huge TV, but if their is multiple games on, like hockey and basketball playoffs, your stuck with whatever one they put on. Still definitely recommend.Great staff. Great beer selection. At a reasonable price. I have not eaten there yet but the food seemed as moderately priced as the beer - and I was pleasantly surprised to see the great cheese plate selections. Mmmm beer and cheese, at the end of my block. Good bye diet.
DO NOT BOTHER VISITING FOODERY EVER AGAIN.My bf and I go here all the time. Food is great, beer is good, and staff is the BEST!!! Cauliflower General Tso Tacos and the brisket grilled cheese are the best things on the menu. Mon is half priced burgers, Tues is half priced tacos, and Wed is half priced grilled cheese. Their kitchen also stays open late (1am) which rocks.Great craft beer selection...mostly to-go options but there's a bar with some pretty good draft selections as well! You also have the option of taking a bottle you want to purchase to the bar and drinking it right there.
Bartender was really nice and we had good service. We didn't eat here but the good menu seemed interesting and we're assuming it was good based on what folks were eating around us. ;)This place is awesome!!! Come in and grab a craft beer six pack or stay at the bar and enjoy amazing craft beers with an incredibly friendly staff!!! This place is a must visit if you are in the Fishtown area. I will definitely be back!!!!When you are in need of a 6 pack of craft beer in Fishtown, this spot awaits you.  BBE is a short walk from the Girard station.  There are several coolers with a good selection of different brands and styles.  So, whether you want something hoppy, a barleywine or a low-abv beer they will have you covered.  
In addition to being a bottle shop, they also have a bar with around 10 or so draft options.  When I stopped in, I was lucky to come across a couple of things from Cigar City that typically do not make it up to the Northeast.  So, it was clear that they make an effort to carry some great beers.  And if you are hungry, they even have a limited food menu, which is always nice.  Looking forward to eating something here in the future.A nice place to try a new beer, and a good place to start your night, but I can't imagine staying there long.  
Rows and rows of refrigerated bottled beers with extensive variety.  Help yourself and bring it to the bar to pay.  
The staff was a bit gruff and surly.  A few people I was with disliked that when the staff poured your bottle into a glass, they stuck the neck of the bottle into the beer.  I didn't really care, but if you are a germaphobe, this might be a deal breaker.  
Small place, you are kind of jammed in wherever unless you are quick to a table or bar stool.  
Go for your first two rounds, then move on, you'll have a good night.I can't even count how many times I've walked or driven past this place, never even knowing it existed. Even when my friend and I walked up for some pre-kickball drinks (on her recommendation), I was completely baffled. It appeared to be just a small, dark, bottle shop. I couldn't even really tell it was open. BUT THEN--- we entered, sauntered towards the back, and snagged a table, and I WAS SOLD. An incredible selection of beer and bar bites with a chill vibe and a fabulous, knowledgeable staff....what more could you want?
I started exploring craft beers this summer, and I don't think I'll ever drink another Miller Lite in my life - I'm a bit of a snob now, and Bottle Bar has an incredible selection with great prices. Every Thursday, Bottle Bar features a selection of beers from a token brewery. We happened to wander in when several Almanac Beer Co sours were on draft. Had we made Happy Hour, they would have been 1/2 price, but I didn't mind shelling out the $5-7 to try these brews. I also ordered an order of edamame. Their edamame is steamed with PBR and served with butter and chili flakes. My mouth was definitely hot, but my stomach was SoOoO happy. 
My biggest gripe? NO. FREAKIN'. FLIGHTS. I wanted to try a bunch of different beers, but I'm a light weight. I lucked out, because my friend ordered two different beers and graciously shared, but if I had come alone, I would have had to choose only one. It's a little silly to me honestly. It'd be easy to add smaller pours or flights. 
Safe to say I'll be back, and next time I'll come hungry, because that food looked BOMB.My husband and I live in Northern Liberties but wanted to check out some Fishtown haunts.  This place is awesome.  Amazing beer selection and the single best grilled cheese I have had in my life.  And great fresh cut boardwalk fries (they just need some malt vinegar).  Highlight of the evening though were the bartenders.  Nice, great suggestions, very knowledgable!  We will definitely will be back.As you enter this Mecca of carafe beers, 15 refrigerators full of over 600 different beers are staring at you, almost daring you to drink them. This is the future bar of this area. They're ahead of the curve, with a health conscious food menu, and the largest take-out carafe beer selection in Philly. You get the ambience of a dive bar, but the visual of a crisp, clean, refreshingly new rendition of the notion. With a full bar downstairs and extra seating upstairs (Foosball and dart board), you have a neat option of either getting away from the crowd and playing some games, or mingling with the crowd and playing tunes on the jukebox downstairs. Definitely where I go for my carafe beer take-out, and one of my regular hang outs. 
-RealtortainerA great beer selection near Girard Station. The place is quite large in the back with beers covering both sides as you walk in.
When I went during the day and the back was empty, but I assume that it gets busy and a really cool place to go to. They even have an upstairs area.Bottle Bar is my absolute jam. I'm blessed because it's just steps from my front door. I'm pretty sure the staff knows me here. Bottle Bar is a two-story restaurant, beer mart, game room, and bar with outdoor seating in the back as well. Upon entering, you'll find a row of freezers with overpriced craft beers that leads you to the tables and bar in the back. Bottle Bar has a very chill vibe and the staff consists almost entirely of chill, friendly hipsters. They have delicious bar bites and offer great specials on their food. Taco Tuesdays are my favorite!
Monday- half priced burgers
Tuesday- half priced tacos
Wednesday- half priced grilled cheese
Eagles Games- $3 Laguintas
I would be doing you a disservice if I didn't tell you that the pork tacos are bomb and they also have a mean bloody mary. They have TVs so this is a good place to catch a sports game. I wish they offered flights here!Picture walking down the street with your dog Toto and seeing an F5 (EF5 on the Enhanced Fujita scale) tornado spooling up in front of you, whisking you and your yappy friend away to the magical land of any of the ~40 US states that permits the sale of alcohol in grocery stores. You marvel at the novelty of such an idea, being able to stroll endless aisles of IPAs and stouts and sours, choosing from the best selection you've ever seen. Then you wake up back in your bed in Pennsylvania, and realize that not only was it a dream, but it's Sunday, you overslept, and so it's even harder to get beer. You win this round, Oz. 
Luckily for you, there is a place that will allow you this feeling of unfettered freedom, the feeling to walk through a dizzying array of beers in refrigerators and select the one that speaks to you (hopefully not literally). You can then take this perfect, reasonably priced beer back to a table and have a very pleasant server open it for you. 
I think there is something to be said for the tactility of picking out your own beer from a case, vs. ordering off of a menu. Sometimes browsing the physical bottles will get you to try beers you wouldn't otherwise order off the menu. I'm a big fan of places like BBE and Hawthorne's that allow you to do this. 
And so, until someone drops a house on the PLCB, BBE is here to fulfill all of your beer needs.Huge fan of the soups. Just wish the delicious pickles weren't quite so pricey.Really excellent craft beer selection. I was happy to find somewhere close to home where I could create my own six pack. Granted it was double the price of what you'd generally pay, but I tried to keep in mind I was getting a nice sampler - though I do feel it was priced higher than other bottle shops I've been to in the city.
*Port Richmond Thriftway just opened a bottle shop - cheaper, good selection and maybe 15 minutes away.Much better selection and prices than the Foodery in NoLibs!This place is awesome. There beers are better than any other place in Philadelphia because they have like a thousand beers. The prices are awesome as well unlike some of the other fake hipster/down with the people bars down the street.They make an amazing hamburger and relaxed atmosphere. Be warned you're going to be sitting on a bar stool. Friendly staff. Have dinner then leave with a pick six of beer!Swung by here last night and fell in love!  The bottle bar allgedly has great quizzo, though its only 1x/month now for the summer.  We were there to play said quizzo, so most of our crew wanted to leave when they heard it wasn't going on.  
I, on the other hand, was taken aback.  The space has a nice industrial feel with big high cielings, and a seating area upstairs.   The bar has some obscurities and some fan favs on draft.  Most overwhelming of all was the fridges of bottles.  Thousands and thousands of bottles... and you can pick one, bring it to the bar, open it up, and pour it into a glass to enjoy.  It's nice to enjoy that type of variety in a bar atmosphere.  They will happily fill a growler with the draft beer which is always killer too.  Finally, the food menu.  I didn't eat, but it looked extensive.  I can only give it 4 stars because I didn't give it a chance to wow me with the food... but I can assume its exceptional, and I look forward to coming back to check it out.This place is a find. We ended up needing a place to eat lunch before hopping on the plane home. This satisfied us. We had the pork sandwich and the short ribs grilled cheese. I don't know which was better. They come with a spring greens salad which had really good dressing on it. A couple of micro beers to go along with the meal was perfect.Exuberant vibe. Wall of beers. Attentive service. Enjoyed roasted brussels sprouts in a maple syrup/spicy sauce, kale salad, and chickpea burger with a mound of crisp fries before walking over to the Fillmore for a show. I will definitely return.The food is amazing. Good beer selection that will break the bank. Huge tv for sports people and a bathroom where you can draw dicks on the walls.Awesome place. Kind of alternative feel to it. Staff is impeccable. Coffee insanely good.The bar stools make the worst noise there. I would put it on par with finger nails on a chalk board.If you can't find what you're looking for here, you're not looking hard enough. They have an AMAZING selection of beers... some seemed overpriced while others didn't. 
Haven't tried the food yet.Nice spot with a wide variety of beers!!! Haven't tried the food yet. The atmosphere is pretty chill, a lot of people on a Friday/Saturday night, but not too crowded. Had a overall good experience with a couple friends as they have darts upstairs. Only downside, they close upstairs at 1am.Fishtown, a great spot for the hippies or for those who enjoy great music and a drink.  I've walked pass Bottle Bar East a few times, not realizing there is a bar in the back.  Last night, my friend and i decided to meet there for a drink, we had a great time.  The barmaid was attentive and very, very friendly which made us feel welcome.  The music selection from the jukebox was 90s hip hop from the time we arrived until the closing of the bar.  Awesome, i'm not sure if it was a playlist or someone's selection but good choices. 
Unfortunately, we did not try the food at this time.  The kitchen was preparing to close, so I can't comment about the food. The draft beers range from $6-8 which isn't bad and the alcohol content is  6% and above.  After finishing my draft beer, I noticed a sign below the tv....CityWide....Hell Yeah!!!  They offer a citywide ($4) with a choice of PBR, Rolling Rock, Bud Lt, and some other kind of beer. Overall, this is a great spot and I hope to taste a sandwich while enjoying a citywide on my next visit.Fantastic selection of beers to take out or have the bartender pop open for you. The prices are reasonable, and clearly labeled, ahem Foodery, take a note.  The upstairs boasts a foosball table and darts, plus extra seating.  My only gripe is the limited veg food selection, and I wish the grilled vegetable sandwich wasn't always the go to veg option, it's just never really good. They do sell snacks and bread too, which is nice if you're stopping in for some to go action. Welcome to the neighborhood Bottle Bar!Great bar and best brunch in Northern Liberties!  They also have a great tap beer selection too.  Flo is an awesome and attentive bartender and it will prove to be a great spot to watch any kind of sporting events!  We also had dinner there last weekend and I loved the Brussels sprout tacos.  Their Veggie hangover tacos for brunch are great too and we loved the Bacon Fat Biscuits and gravy... They were the bomb!  Loved it and we plan to be regulars!The food is super spot on. All hand made in house. Fresh ingredients and a fun atmosphere. Try the bison sliders.The beer selection is great but the food isn't.  Tried various food items a couple times.  Was disappointed with just about everything.  Service was average and it gets very hot on the 2nd floor.  Beers are solid.  Stick with just beer on the 1st floor and you'll be good.Great place to grab any type of beer you want while watching the game. I went in yesterday to scope the place out- not only do they have every type of beer imaginable at the bar, you can also do take away and purchase growlers. The atmosphere was eclectic and trendy. There was a huge giant screen TV behind the bar that was showing the World Cup- another great perk.
The staff was very welcoming and warm- the bartender Deanna greeted me with a huge smile and made sure I was taken care of promptly. 
I want to come back and try their food selection.I was recently here for a holiday party of 20+ people upstairs. Having never been there, I was so excited to go after looking at the menu and beer selection. Unfortunately, the night did not go as planned. There was ONE server upstairs for both the holiday party and the rest of the upstairs. She was clearly in the weeds and could not handle the influx of orders. We waited over 25 minutes to get our first round of drinks and did not even receive our second round or our food order. After realizing that the orders never even went in, we all decided to close out and head to another bar. It definitely put a damper to our night. While our server clearly was doing the best she could, management should have known better than to put one server upstairs with a holiday party along with its usually customers on a Thursday night especially knowing in advance that we would be there. It was a mess. This place looks like it has so much potential (the food menu looked awesome) so I am hoping I can muster the courage to go back and give it another shot.We love bottle bar! It's a bottle shop with a awesome restaurant! Food is always great! Unique options. Awesome drinks. Huge tv! 1/2 priced girl cheese on Sundays!Overpriced. Bought an 8 dollar German beer here (I had a craving), and it was flat and skunky.  When they first opened, the prices were reasonable and the owner seemed like he really wanted to differentiate his business from places like the Foodery. Sadly, months later they are basically the same as far as the price gouging goes. Hardly anything under $4 a bottle. Everybody is so impressed by the selection....wow! they have everything! No, they don't. They have all the usual suspects as far as craft beer in Philly is concerned, and charge just about as much, if not more, than area bars. Just came back from a trip from Boston where the cost of living is double what it is in Philadelphia. The beer? Almost half of what we pay. On the way home in Connecticut? Even cheaper. NYC? Not even close...way cheaper.  New Jersey? We all know how that goes. Philly??? Ass raping.Kinda weird that I haven't reviewed this place yet considering I basically live there. Any beer you're looking for, you can get at Bottle Bar. The bartenders are great, the food is great -- daily grilled cheese specials! Hell yeah! The only thing is that it's going to run you upwards of 20 bucks to get a takeout six pack, and i wish there were more tables.I love this place. 
I hate to echo the obvious comparison others have already made but as a long-time Foodery fan, I think BBE has upped the ante as far as bottle shops go and created an ideal hybrid of both bottle shop and bar.
The staff is great. The food is good. The beer selection meets and exceeds expectations and the bar is comfortable and welcoming. Add to this a jukebox and a ginormous projection TV and you have a winning formula.
A famous ape once said, there is no contradiction between science and faith. I say there need not be any contradiction between being a bar and a bottle shop. 
At BBE, the aspects of both bar and bottle shop are easily admired as one happy fun place and it is a wonderful addition to Frankford Avenue.Although the selection was great and its nice to have a bottle store on this side of the city the prices here seem to be out of whack with many other bottle stores I've been to. I did enjoy having a draft though and someone that works there was nice enough to speak with us about how they do their cheese pairings. If I am in the neighborhood in need of beer I will definitely return but I wouldn't go out of my way.I give bottle bar two stars for the mere fact that they have a large selection of beer at reasonable prices. As for the bar area, I am more unimpressed every time. Tonight, my sister and I purchased our beers from the bar, and then were lucky to snag a table. A waitress came by and asked if we were going to order any food, which we said no. About five minutes later, a guy came over and told us that if we were not ordering food we couldn't sit at the table. This is an understandable request for a restaurant, but this is bottle BAR. We pointed out the fact to him that zero of the people sitting at the other tables had food, but I guess since we already had our drinks when we sat down, and are two girls?? he felt we weren't allowed to sit there. So we chugged the rest of our beers and left. This all happened at 9:30 at night. No one was eating food. Maybe if this bar sold french fries I would have considered ordering something. No I do not want a side a lettuce with my pork sandwich thank you.I really love this place, have been here a few times since I moved to the neighborhood. Quirky little back bar with some great eats you wouldn't think to find in a bar-deviled eggs with bacon caviar, zucchini fries-and some great eats you'd completely expect to find in the place, like buffalo Mac and cheese grilled cheese. I am a fan of their draft beer selection and caught the Eagles preseason game on their big TV the other night. 
Their bottled beer selection is also THE best in the area.Give yourself some time at Bottle Shop East. The entire wall on your left when you walk in is bottles. Rows and rows of glorious beer bottles.  And cans too...no need to discriminate. 
What I didn't realize until recently is that they also serve food. The menu is pretty extensive and perfect for beer pairings. Thankfully I had already decided on the Cheesus Christ Superstar on my recent visit. 5 types of grilled cheese, plus half off on Sundays? Yep, that was an easy decision for me. 
In the time not spent reviewing the menu, I walked up and down the fridge of beers eyeing up each and every beer. I was gone from the table for so long, my friends thought I went MIA. Nope, just the first world problem of picking the best possible beer for me at the time. If looking at 700+ beer bottles and cans isn't your thing, they also have about 15 quality beers on draft. The staff also seemed pretty helpful and I'm sure would help you find the right brew. 
Back to the food. In addition to my grilled cheese, I opted for a tomato bisque. It was served in a huge mug styled bowl and came out really hot and fresh. It was topped with basil, pine nuts and had a nice piece of bacon sitting in it. It was on the specials board, but as it paired so well with my grilled cheese, I really hope it's something that serve regularly. 
At least based on my experience, Bottle Bar East was like a diner for both food and beer. Ample variety and combinations that can easily please anyone who enjoys both food and/or beer. 
Our check group's check was messed up and it took a little to get it fixed, but otherwise I'm definitely a fan.Me and my boyfriend stumbled on this place looking for another one to hang out in. I am so glad that we did. The service is great here if u choose to drink your beer inside. They have tables set up downstairs and upstairs. The servers wer very helpful. The servers had no problem helping out our server without us even asking. They have a jukebox with a very wide range of music to choose from. They dnt have a big selection when it comes to the menu. My boyfriend ordered their burger with fries n he said the burger was good but the French fries looked like Wendy's fries when they sat out too long. Over all we will definitely be back here. Very very relaxed atmosphere and polite staff. Even the patrons wer polite.Great happy hour. Jeremy was my server. He was very kind, had great recommendations (try the peppadew). I'll be back for you Jeremy (and the half priced burgers on Wednesday)!I may be partially biased as I live only two blocks away from this wonderful circus of beer selection...but bias be damned; if you love beer, you will love the bottle bar, they love beer too. They're less expensive than The Foodery. And yes, I checked. sometimes only by a few cents, but almost always less expensive, (with the exception of bottles 22oz and above, which are also coming down in price at the BBE.)
The food is absolutely fantastic, I've never heard anyone speak of it, unkind words, healthy, hearty, good ingredients...just like the beer, (they just don't really eff around with your belly...The atmosphere is just fine, it shifts from packed event nights, to a couple of us regulars grabbing a beer after work, to alcoholics like me grabbing a six pack the second they open the door so we can commence day drinking off premises.
They've got discounts, sales, and all sorts of random little perks for the customers, financial or otherwise, such as a bucket with a sixpack...which I was wholeheartedly stoked about...They just recently introduced the Belly rewards program, which has a nifty little app that goes with it, gives you points for each visit.
overall, the clientele is diverse, the beer selection is phenomenal, the pricing is great, the food is spot-on, the deals are frequent, the location is fantastic, the atmosphere is fine and dandy, and let's hear it for the chalkboard walls in the bathroom for the win. (writing/drawing encouraged, chalk provided)Came here after we couldn't get a table at Brauhaus on a busy Friday night.
Love the idea behind this bar. 
The food was very good, too.Normally a really decent bar given the area. Great selection of beers to satisfy anyone's needs. They definitely need to retool their take out staff because that long haired dweeb behind the counter is lacking serious people skills and doesn't understand the proper way to talk to a person trying to give them business. All the places in the area to grab and go I will definitely be taking my business elsewhere..This place has a vast selection of beer to choose from in the coolers. My buddy and I grabbed our bottles to head up stairs. The waitress was a real sweetheart and she was good at selling me food. I decided to get the venison sliders with goat cheese and they were freakin' amazing! I am glad she persuaded me to get food. The DJ was playing a fun mix of dance and hip hop to help create a fun atmosphere. I love this place and will definitely be back!GREAT great great beer selection. People working the front counter are knowledgeable and eager to share recommendations and opinions about what you're purchasing, something I haven't received at other bottle shops in the city. Literally any beer you want, it's here.Large beer selection and great food selection. They have every type and brand of beer you can think of. Their staff is knowledgeable and friendly. Come here if your trying to step out the box with your beer selection.This was a great find in Fishtown,  a great selection of craft beers for a bottle shop,  and a great place to sit and enjoy at their bar while there.  The staff is also very friendly and greatly appreciates your business.  Next time I need to stock up on some craft beer, I'll be taking a drive to Bottle Bar East,  cheers!I've only been here once.  And on that lone visit I was delightfully surprised to see that not only do they have The Trooper beer in the cooler but also DFH 120 minute.  Sure, the bottles were a bit pricey but I can't say I've seen either of these brews anywhere else.  That's why you come here.  Not for 30 packs of light beer but the beers you can't find or just never heard of.  
The bar itself wasn't too crowded and seemed like a decent place to hang out.  I really can't comment on the nightlife aspect of the joint on a solitary visit but my experience was satisfactory.  
If you're a beer geek, you should definitely swing by this place.Came into this place just wandering around fishtown on a weekend. Beautiful beer selection where you can pick and choose, then sit and enjoy. great variety with styles and specialties. They also had a bar area (and outdoor seating) where you can enjoy food and a nice rotating tap selection. Great place to pick up or enjoy some craft beer.I love Bottle Bar in fishtown. They have a small menu but all of the food is extremely good. Of course the drink menu is always fresh and unique as well!
I definitely recommend this place to anyone in the neighborhoodLove having drinks in this place.  They always have solid beers on tap at the back bar.  It's also a great stop to grab bombers to bring home or over a friends house.Is Fishtown the place to go for good food and drinks? Well apparently it is! This is the fifth spot we tried and like the others Bottle Bar East seems to be on the map. Whoda thunkit?! Megan and Richie were our bartenders, they were friendly, knowledgeable and helpful! I couldn't help but laugh as Megan shook my blood orange martini also known as the Juicy Jawn Martini without smiling and while Taffer might find fault I did not! My drink was delicious and tasted the exact same both times she made it. My husband tried four different IPAs on draft and was pleased with all of them, his preference was the Saint Benjamin Boyd Bushman Blues IPA, brewed in our fine city of Philadelphia. Libations taken care of we had to sample the menu, which was bigger than most gastropub fare, and started with the beer battered cheese curds! I didn't take a picture which I regret but I can not rave about them enough!! Must have! The buttermilk ranch was so good I had to order a side salad to use what was leftover. Hubby had the Hankwhich 2.0 which was filet mignon caramelized onions mushrooms truffle oil and homemade cheese sauce served with fries comparable to Five Guys. I had the special; brisket quesadilla with a chive creme and a side salad that was served with a vinaigrette which, combined with the ranch was amazing!! For dessert we had the strawberry cheesecake empanadas (wt...) If you cant find a beer you like in the "store" than you don't like beer. The decor was funky and clean loved the pallet wall and behind the bar. Copper top bar with metal rail was comfortable. All around great experience, will definitely be back, highly recommend. A nice pint of Philly water always brings me home, Fishtown is as good as Northern Liberties when it comes to good gastropub fare. Check out Bottle Bar East, you wont be disappointed!  Note: we always sit at the bar, much faster, more personalized service, and most importantly never waiting too long for your next drink.
I'm the wife of Bobby G. LolMy favorite thing about this bar is their long, colorful wall of refrigerated beers near the entrance! Makes for great panoramic pictures, and is just entertaining to look at. Besides that, nothing was too memorable about Bottle Bar East. The crowd was middle-aged, and not too rowdy.Despite a limited menu that consists mainly of sandwiches, I can't help but keep going back to Bottle Bar East. The beer menu is always on point, the rotating specials are a great deal, and the ability to carry out a six pack makes it a great a stop for a quick bite.That was the most expensive takeout beer I've ever purchased. Prices are 60% higher than everywhere else. Individual 16oz cans in the fridge were $8-10. The 4-pack of SingleCut Softly Spoken Magic Spells I got was $40 (reg. $20-26, $30 would even be reasonable).VERY rude...terrible customer service at the check out counter. I will not be visiting this establishment again. It may be conveniently located on Frankford Ave, but the service is not there.Great place to hang and grab a fancy beer. I suggest hanging out upstairs and playing some foosball. Their soup is delicious and priced well. Nothing like great beer and great soup!My friends and I went to Bottle Bar East last night and we were all very impressed with the beer selection.  The DJ was playing wu-tang and the atmosphere was pretty chill.  We were having a normal Saturday (we ARE 30- so nothing too crazy) and were rounding out the night with our last drinks.
 That all took a very negative turn when the clock struck 2 am, when a guy who seemed to be the manager came out of nowhere and started belligerently and aggressively yelling and throwing people out without warning (or even a last call -- note that I had ordered a beer around 1:50).  He was yelling things like "don't go to a bar in pennsylvania if you want to stay out past two!!" The climax was when he ripped the remainder of my friend's beer out of his hand and shoved him out the front door.  
I totally understand that Pennsylvania has strict liquor laws and that is a liability for a business.  And despite the initial positive experience, I cannot justify frequenting a business where I am treated like a criminal.Burgers are great. And if you are into bottles they have about 10000. You can walk right up and grab one yourself.Take the long-loved Foodery, and kick it up a few notches. 
Bottle Bar is pretty self-explanatory. It's a bar....that sells bottles of beer. This is one of the few places I can think of where you can get craft beer without buying a whole case in the area. They have a SPECTACULAR selection of beers from the Tristate, the US, and the world. You can mix and match, which is awesome for appeasing you and your drinking partners, or for trying new beers. Anddd you get a sweet 15% discount if you buy 6 of the same beer to go. The bottle prices are pretty reasonable to start so that's definitely a good deal.
I haven't eaten here yet but I'm pretty psyched that Bottle Bar East exists.Why 5  stars? The answer is easy, Pennsylvania liquor laws. Due to the fact that finding a good ol' fashioned 'six pack' is next to impossible this place automatically gets a better than "C" average. But, once you factor in the simple yet elegant charcuterie menu coupled with a minimalists approach to the Fishtown-warehouse aesthetic, you're an intoxicated winner.
I can buy a couple bottles & a tall boy of PBR at 1 a.m. & put on a card! yes, please...There's a lot to like about the bottle bar.  First, the default TV station is NHL Network.  A+.  The draft selection is good, happy hour is awesome (M-F 5-7 half drafts, $3 wells, and $1 cups of soup).
It's a decent spot for take out with good selection and reasonable prices.  The only failing of the bottle bar is food, the portions are far to small for the price.  My $9 sandwich was appetizer size and didn't come with anything on the side.  
Quizzo on Wednesdays, foosball upstairs.
Bottom Line: I like this spot, it beats the pants off the Foodery, and I'll keep coming here, just not for dinner.Bottle Bar is a short walk from my house and I enjoy stopping in for both food and beers. I really like to bring my friends from out of town here because the selection is so large and its easy to have a good conversation. I usually get a grilled cheese, which is good but its pretty hard to mess that up. I have also had the wings and the mac and cheese. All have been good. 
My favorite part is that I can browse the beers at my own pace. I'm sometimes indecisive which is a bartenders nightmare especially when they are busy. I can look and read descriptions without holding anyone else up. Beers are a little pricey though.I love being able to grab a variety of beers and cider. The prices seemed a little steep, but ultimately you pay for convenience. Neat addition to the neighborhood.Loved this experience. I went with a small group of friends on a Sunday afternoon for some beer and a bite to eat. There are so many beers to choose from and a super large variety!! I don't know how any beer lover could be disappointed. We also grabbed some food and all 4 of us were impressed with the one of the specialty grilled cheese sandwiches and the cheesesteak empanadas. Great option on a fun street!!Great food, excellent atmosphere and a massive beer selection. What more could you want?Really cool spot in northern liberties. Tons of interesting domestic and international beers on tap along with a huge variety of bottled beers from all around the world. Haven't been here at night so I can't comment on that scene, but it's a cool weekend daytime place to hang and grab a few beers along with a light snack with friends or a date.Fish town is a great part of philly. Even on a Wednesday night this part of the city is alive. Tons of bars and places to eat in every direction.  A buddy of mine (philly native) recommended this place because of the half price burgers on Wednesday. I love many things, but not many things more than "half price" and "burgers" so needless to say I was sold.  Walking in was trippy being from NJ, not used to the front half of a bar selling booze, specifically 6 packs of beer to go, but pretty cool. Walking past that ya hit the bar area, not huge but not claustrophobic the way some philly dives can feel.  We grabbed two seats at the bar and had a few rounds of beer, and there was a pretty good selection.  Then we both ordered burgers and fries. A $13 burger for $6.50 speaks to my soul as a person, especially when it's good. And this burger delivered. Nothing crazy about it but I'm a simple man with simple tastes. Good brioche bun, nice bite from the lettuce and pickles, but the beef was the star of the show. This burger was cooked perfectly medium and was incredibly juicy. Not under, not over...just right. It was delicious and I eat burgers like they have their own slice of the food pyramid. Remember that stupid thing? I do, but I digress. Go here and get a burger, half off on Wednesday if you can swing it. Fries were also only $2 on the night of my visit so that's a no brainer. The fries had a hint of pepper and were also better than average.  The bartender was friendly and on point with service. I'll be back,  and I'll get that burger again!This is a good happy hour spot - good selection of happy hour drafts, and the food specials are decent. Don't love the food, but it's fine when it's cheaper. The atmosphere is casual and doesn't feel too bougie; good to have that option in fishtown. The staff is usually polite enough but not overly friendly. The upstairs is good for larger groups if you can get one of the tables or make a reservation.I have only been here 2 times so far but I will definitely be back soon! 
Awesome selection of beers on tap, and of course everything you could want bottle wise with that entire wall of bottled beer fridges. 
I really enjoy the vibe of this place, huge projector screen and personalized music selection depending on the daytime bartender (who was awesome by the way! Friendly girl with reddish hair, sorry I forget your name!) and pretty busy at night, but we still received good service. 
Gotta love their lunch special, anything on the menu & a pint for $11 on weekdays from 12-4. I had a simple chicken & truffle salad which was delicious. Can't wait to try more food items!
Don't forget to check out the darts & foosball upstairs!Ok spot beer beer beer. You can pretty much get any beer you want from this spot. I wasn't impressed with the  crowd it was non existent but it was early. The upside is they have all the beers you could desire. I will be back.Cool concept, basically they have a bunch of refrigerators with everything from craft beer to ciders to PBR. It is pretty much self serve. You just grab the beer you want and the waitress will open it for you. They have a huge TV that's great for watching games. Small upstairs seating as well. They do serve good food too. It's a cool place to have a couple beers, probably not a place you would spend all night
Update: Came back for taco Tuesday and WOW. The food here is very very good. Half off tacos on Tuesday. I had the Korean Pork tacos and they were amazing. Between the food and beer selection, this place is great!Good service, beer, and cocktails, but literally price gouging for buying beers to-go.I was initially confused when I walked up to Bottle Bar--from the front it looks like a pretty small shop, but continue on towards the back to find a restaurant space split between the first and second floors. We ended up sitting on the second floor. The draft list is projected onto the wall which is super convenient and easy-to-read. 
I ordered the Philly Cuban, which was generously stuffed with pulled pork, prosciutto, bacon, gruyere, roasted red peppers, pickles, and a tasty mustard. The sandwich was full of flavor and I enjoyed it along with fries (can be swapped for a mixed green salad), which were also great.
Between our group we tried a variety of beers from the solid and diverse draft list. Our group of five had two beers each, so when our tab came showing 11 drinks, we obviously brought it up to the waitress. She didn't really have an explanation for how an extra beer got on there, and instead told us that if she removes it she will have to pay for it herself. We were honestly a little shocked that she was being serious--that's totally unacceptable. We pushed and she finally "remembered" that one of the drinks was definitely duplicated, and removed it without further argument. We're pretty easy-going people/were not trying to be difficult, but if you mess up you should fix it and not try to make the customer feel guilty? So weird.
The food and drinks were great, but honestly that interaction was so awkward and strange that I'm not really in any rush to go back.Love it here. When I first went I was iffy. The good was good, we had a really nice bartender but I didn't know if this was going to be my go to spot... Well... That's what it has become. 
Heather- a bartender and manager is awesome. Sweetest person you'll ever meet. Frank, a bartender will have you laughing and engage you in a friendly ball busting tournament if you so choose. Super fun guy and isn't afraid to give you suggestions as well as personal opinions for beers. 
Food is always good. We've run the menu through and never left feeling disappointed. We've had in our times there the butternut squash soup, shrimp tacos, short rib flatbread, grilled cheese and Cubano sandwich. Seriously- never disappointed. It's such a cool feel to go and if you aren't into what's on tap just grab a bottle from the endless selections in the cases. 
Friendly people, fun spot to be. They just started doing some wines and you can pair a wine / dessert which I will def try out.
Definitely go, then keep going back.These people are possibly the nicest ever. They also have an excellent selection and decent prices. Highly recommend it!Recommend their happy hour. Half of beers and half of cheese sandwiches. I had Greek sandwich and it was tasty.This is a good place to have a drink and down some cheap but interesting eats.Active fun atmosphere. Been here a few times and I'd come back.Pretty standard, run-of-the-mill bottle selection with a poorly curated tap selection. The guys stocking seemed pretty cool and knowledgeable, but when I asked the middle-aged guy at the register a question, he wouldn't even get up to talk to me and spouted some salesy jargon across the room. Knowledge, questionable. A parrot, most likely. Clearly not someone I'll be taking recommendations from. 
Male bartender seemed more enthusiastic than knowledgeable about beer. Female staff seemed to know NOTHING about beer, yet the forced conversation felt as if they were instructed to flirt with "the guys" at the bar or something. I would've gone to Hooters for lunch if this was what I was looking for. The panini was great, but the kitchen was totally janky with wires everywhere and no hood over the stove so smoke was going all over. The lighting was...there was no lighting besides an oppressive fluorescent light in the corner.
In conclusion, Bottle Bar East will be very successful as a product of circumstance - its location. And only because it's in Philadelphia, where you can't buy single bottles, 6-packs and cases under one roof. A true success inspite of themselves.I recently went to Bottle Bar East after hearing differing opinions about the place. I ended up perusing the beer selection for over 15 minutes undecided as to what to buy. The person at the register didn't even say hello when I walked in, and one of the staff members kept walking in front of me to restock beer. Clearly I was standing there unsure as to what to buy...any proper salesperson would see this as an opportunity to push beers I've never tried before. Two minutes after visiting Local 44 in West Philly, the man behind the counter asked if I needed help and was clearly passionate about beers and very helpful. I ended up feeling uncomfortable and unwelcome at Bottle Bar East. Also the music was so loud, even if someone offered to help, I wouldn't be able to hear him. I wasn't sure what this place was trying to do...It's a bar and a beer distributor? The people were so loud at the bar, I ended up giving up and going to the Foodery where the staff is much more friendly and easy going. Lesson learned, stick with what I know. I'm sure this is a convenient spot for locals in Fishtown, but being from Old City, I have to travel to find good craft beer. This place will no longer be one of my destinations.First time here last night. Stopped in to grab a bite and a beer before a show at Johnny Brenda's. 
A bit of a dark space, long and narrow with the left side just a huge cooler of cans and bottles, with more bottles on the right hand side after the cashier. 
8pm on a Sunday and the place was at least half full, so we were able to grab a table right away. Our server was over promptly with water and explained the specials (1/2 priced grilled cheese) and had our beers quickly. Not the friendliest of souls, but we were taken care of without any smiles, or conversation, which is fine by me. Took advantage of that 1/2 off grilled cheese special (added caramelized onions and roasted red peppers) with a cup of tomato soup. Everything came out piping hot and delicious. Gobbled it up, finished my beer, paid and out the door. I'd gladly make this a stop in the future. Just maybe a different server and the experience would be a tad different. Still solid.BBE has a vast variety of beers and ciders. It's a great selection honestly. They also offer some inventive specialty cocktails. The bartenders are both friendly and knowledgeable. If you're looking for something that's not on the menu, they are able to Offer some great suggestions. The "new" chef has created a great menu....serving up some great eats that definitely cater to the area. The space is big enough but not overwhelming, and the visitors are "generally" fun and welcoming. Plus they have a giant tv that usually sports oldie movies. If you're 
Looking for a casual place you should definitely check this one out. It's in a great area so be sure to bar hop when you're good and ready!I really didn't have a very good experience here. While they do have a huge selection of single bottle beers and a nice bar in the back that's where it ended for me. 
I really just needed two bottles to use in a recipe (beer chocolate toffee) so I ran in here to get what I needed. As I walked in the cashier didn't even look up from his phone as I walked in. I was clearly having difficulty finding what I was looking for and was never offered help. Once I found what I needed I had to wait while the aforementioned cashier broke down a cardboard box before he came back to the counter to cash me out.  To put this in context I was the only one in the refrigerator area.  So it was a big old zero for customer service.
The beers are ridiculously overpriced. $3.50 for a PBC bottle?  There is a place in NJ that sells single bottles too at less than half the prices this place sells them for. 
It might be cool to buy a few and sit at the bar but if you are looking to take them home you are being ripped off.Dry rub wings were okay, to good. Nice crunch.  Not spicy, almost a sweet taste. Not bad, but not something I'd order again.As long as you're a fan of quality beer, you'll have a good time here.
Long narrow bar with coolers lining almost the whole left side. Inside these coolers is one of the best beer selections in the city. Local beers, imports, rare microbrews all served in single cans or bottles for you to pick from.
The bar also has a nice selection on tap and serves cocktails. The food menu is very small but is frequently updated with items above and beyond your standard barfare. Low key, great hangout bar.Best happy hour in the city. The shrimp tacos are to die for and hundreds of bottles for take out.Fantastic selection, upstairs has more seating if you need it. Also discounts for road beers.Why hello Bottle Bar East, thank you for coming into my life. I get to have my cake and eat it to!!!! I recently stopped in with some friends and we were ecstatic about the great selection of beers. When we found out they were the same price to take them to the bar and drink them (tax included in price) we couldn't have been happier. Once we sat, we had a wonderful time because of the bartender, she was friendly and very entertaining to say the least. She gave the remote to the projection screen to me, and I thank her for that. The menu had apparently just been changed over, and it was delicious. We had the chicken Club, pulled pork sandwich, shrimp tacos, bourbon walnuts, and...... some super tasty bread pudding. I wish I could have tried some of the specialty cocktails but the bottle selection was just calling my name over and over again, as was the bottle of powers. This is a place I will be stopping into over and over again anytime I'm on this side of the city. Thanks again Steph, and whoever orders all the great beers. Oh yes, one last thing, we managed to take home 2 mixed six packs at 1AM. Did I mention I love that bar?!