Came to see my son's band Last Frontier. The staff and food here is top notch!   Had the porkbelly and fish nachos.  Awesome.  Great selection of whisky. Great sound system for the band.After reading a lot of positive reviews, we were really excited to try this place. We were extremely disappointed in the food. I'm going to give the place the benefit of the doubt that it is not always like this as we came in at 10 PM, but if you cannot offer quality food at that hour then don't have your kitchen open. 
All of our food came out within 5 to 10 minutes of ordering which leads me to believe it was not made fresh. The Caesar salad was room temperature and overdressed. The hush puppies were flavorless, and the chicken wings (3 full wings is a serving) were undercooked and barely warm. The only redeeming food item was the chicken and biscuits, which had a nice flavor profile- the biscuit was again, cold in spots. 
On the positive side the place has a nice hip atmosphere and the service is friendly. 
Unfortunately, the food was so sub par we would not consider dining here again.Bourbon & Branch is the GO TO spot for anything...brunch, lunch, dinner, late night..you name it. The food is SPECTACULAR (especially for my vegans/vegetarians out there), drinks are amazing and the overall atmosphere and service is wonderful. A super chill spot for literally any meal or any occasion. If you're in the neighborhood, gotta check it out!I am a critic of food period!  This place has the best Fried Chicken and Mac n Cheese in Philadelphia...  I am the best Southern Chef of ALL time and for me to say this is saying something...  I've eaten there 2X and the food gets better...  I'm going back to try there Brunch.  The owner and Ex Chef Alex sat with me unexpectedly and we cooked up great food conversation.  Great staff makes you feel like family...  YEA BABY!!!!!Great place! Right around the corner from where we live and we also go at least once a week... The cocktails are yummy...food is yummy... The bartenders are always friendly and attentive. Our favorite small plate is the cheese plate... perfect with a glass of beer or mixed drink. The atmosphere is perfect - cozy, dim lighting, and relaxed. They have 1 TV so if you want to watch a game its on...but its not in-your-face bright and they don't have the volume on...Thank you for that! 
Love this place, and we are so happy its in our hood! Cant wait to try their brunch!Wow. The food, atmosphere, and service here are all phenomenal. 
Let me start with my favorite part - the menu is pasted into children's books which is so cool! 
The atmosphere is hipsterish - dim lighting, great music, and laid back vibe. I went on a Sunday for brunch and it was not too crowded, easy to walk in and get seated without a wait. 
SO MUCH BETTER THAN GREEN EGGS in my opinion. 
After much deliberation between various items, I ordered the chicken and waffles and in the words of DJ Tanner, OH MY LANTA. The seasoning on the chicken was beyond delicious (not dry at all, which is a complaint I often have about chicken) and the waffles were crisp and perfectly done. The syrup was not too rich and sweet and you could tell it was authentic, not the sugary thick store bought stuff. 
In addition, I have to say, I found the HOLY GRAIL of biscuits. These are not your small round KFC biscuits. They are HUGE, soft, mushy, delicious, amazing. I have been craving them every day since. They have cheddar bits baked inside and when you pull these freshly baked delights apart and take a bite, I guarantee a religious experience.
If you can't tell, I loved this place.
My only complaint -  Why haven't I been here before?!Excellent food, the biscuits and gravy were amazing. Cool building and design inside as well, was a good spot for Sunday brunchI'll keep it short and sweet - great food, but consistently worst service in Philly. Everyone knows it, too. I know a dozen people who go there weekly as their neighborhood bar and even they are exasperated by how consistently awful the service is. Good luck getting acknowledged, greeted, served, offered water, given a menu, getting checked up on. It's never excessively busy - they just don't seem to know how a bartender/server is supposed to treat customers. Really, this spot would be amazing if it ever got any people behind the counter who gave a damn about what they were doing.I want to give this a 4 (I am indeed a fan!) but I think I need to go back after this place has been open for awhile to reassess.
Upon entering, we were greeted by who I think was the owner or manager - a very dapper older gent sitting at the bar. He was really friendly and welcoming.
I thought putting the cocktail menu in the children's book was really cute, but I agree that it could use some work. I was also a little disappointed to see only a handful of whiskey drinks on the menu - I thought this was a whiskey/bourbon-centric speakeasy-esque bar? Nevertheless, I was overall pleased with my drink. I got the Branch Whiskey Sour and thought it was refreshing, if not a slight bit on the watery side. Funny enough, I don't like my drinks to taste like gasoline, but I wanted this one to taste a bit more boozey.
My boyfriend had their house Manhattan and loved it, though. I really think this place has promise! We'll definitely be back to check out a show in a few weeks, and I'm really hoping they'll work out the kinks quickly. It's pretty exciting to have a bar like this in the neighborhood.Decent brunch speacials- the lumberjack slam is very good. Chicken and waffles could be better. Excellent service. The waitress has been very attentive both times that I've been there. Nice ambience as well.Had three starters: fried pickles,  truffle chips and house made bacon. All the starters were very good. The pickles were not whole but rather slices,  honey mustard dipping sauce was great.  Truffle chips didn't come with any sauce but we're still good plain. Bacon with tomato jam and bread was really good the sweet of tomato complemented the salty bacon well. Had the Shepards pie for entree. Was different than most of the one I've had before. The meat and veggie mixture reminded me of French onion soup. It was kind of sour but still good. I also tasted the bacon and beer Mac which was delicious. The next time I go to this restaurant I am getting the side of the Mac and cheese as my main meal.I just moved to the neighborhood and went here a couple times for dinner and lunch. Their burgers hit the spot (like when you're craving a nice thick juicy burger). Chicken & waffles was good, as well. It came with a bleu cheese type sauce and another gravy type sauce; both complemented the chicken. They also have live karaoke on wednesday nights and bands perform on the second floor (never been but would like to try). It sort of feels like you're in a dark, antique house or something, but the decor gives this place character & it's a good atmosphere for conversations with an old friend. Servers are nice.Went tonight with a group of about 6 people for happy hour. We were very happy to hear that Tuesday is in fact Boozeday, which means happy hour specials until 11! Half price drafts, $5 whiskey cocktails (not as good of it sounds), and $5 snacks (not a great deal either). On their drinks menu, they have a section call "whiskey cocktails," but these are not $5 (they range from 9-12), it's only a specific happy hour whiskey lemonade cocktail that is $5. Our party found this to be a very misleading promotion, but the server did explain this clearly when we asked. Also, all of the snacks are already listed at $5-7, so there's not much of a discount there. The good draft beer selection, which are already reasonably priced is clearly the best deal. 
The cocktails were generally well made and tasty. They ranges from $7-13, which is a generally fair price for drinks that often contain higher end ingredients like fruit juices, Luxardo Maraschino, Bulleit Rye, etc. I ordered a Hemingway, their take on the classic Hemingway daquiri, which had rum, grapefruit, lime, simple, and Maraschino liqueur was a bit bland and watery. The classic Hemingway has a double shot of rum--not that I necessarily expected this, but wanted a strong, sour, aggressive drink was what I expected for a drink named after the rugged Hemingway. The other cocktails our table ordered: old fashioned, Manhattan variant (with Pimms), and bourbon sour (with frothed egg white) where well made. Friends that ordered beer where very happy with the selection. 
Food was well priced, large portion sizes and generally at least above average in quality. We ordered and loved the fried pickles. The coating was substantial but not doughy and crisp without being greasy. The honey mustard was just sweet enough to balance the acidity of the pickle. For an entree I ordered the fried chicken. He chicken was brought to the table while still very hot and had a nicely crisp coating that almost shattered on contact but still hung on to skin. The meat was well salted, but I would have like some more spices like black pepper, chili pepper, paprika, garlic powder etc. The chicken came with Mac and cheese served in a large ramekin that was easy twice as much as I expected! The sauce was very creamy and the topping of melted cheese and crisp bacon crumbles was very tasty. My friends enjoy the burger (hell of a deal at $5), the Cobb salad, pulled pork sandwich, and seitan cheesesteak. However, the fries were disappointing limp and greasy. 
I thought the decor was understated, classic  bar decor (dark wood everywhere, quirky taxidermy) but also easily forgettable. I did like how they kept the original tile around the fireplace past the bar that spelled out "LIBERTIES," a nice nod to the bar that use to be B&B. Tables were nicely separated and chairs/booths were comfortable. 
Overall, I think the prices are more than competitive for most food and drink. Service was laidback and easygoing without being complacent. Food came out hot and tasty, drinks cold and refreshing. I just had some minor complaints about the food and drinks but overall had a very good experience. Not worth making long trip from West Philly just tot come here, but it would be a great local bar to hang out at, especially on Tuesday for the Boozeday happy hourNice, relaxed atmosphere. There is a pretty fun concert space upstairs, a bar/restaurant area downstairs and an outside seating area. 
Unfortunately, the drinks here are TERRIBLE. I ordered a cucumber, basil, kiwi, vodka drink, but what I got was a glass of lukewarm vodka with a lifeless piece of cucumber floating in it. One of my friends had to ask for a new drink because hers was so overwhelmingly sweet. The bartenders are not very attentive, but our waitress was sweet and pretty accommodating. 
I wouldn't come back here - there are a lot of similar cocktail lounges and bars in Philadelphia that offer better drinks.I went with some friends a few weeks ago to enjoy live music upstairs; they had 3 different bands. The atmosphere was very welcoming, the bartender was charming and so attentive, and the music was delightful. I will be back soon!Stopped by here for a drink and some foods. I'll start by saying it is a strange ambiance because it is supposed to be an old speakeasy feel but there is a large screen TV in the front promoting their upstairs music venue. Don't get me wrong, I love the idea of bringing music into the mix (one of my fav. local bands actually played there the night after), but it just kind of takes away from the feel they were going for. 
It was nice to see the bar pretty full on a Friday night, definitely not a common occurrence at the former, Liberties.
Moving on. Their menu offers a large variety of food from sandwiches to "pies" and salads. Next time I have my eye on the pork belly banh mi sliders. I ordered the Reuban and it was very well executed and was the perfect amount of food for $10. The fiance ordered the smoked turkey sandwich and was also satisfied with his selection. The sandwiches come with a pickle and these house made parmesan chips that are off the chain. (It's $1 to sub in fries). We also ordered fried pickles, they were kind of bland, and doughy (I think the frier wasn't hot enough or they weren't swimming in there long enough). The sauce they came with was also kind of weird and too sweet. 
The craft beer selection is decent but there are no prices listed on the board--and for a good reason. They are entirely too expensive, even for nolibs. 
I will probably stop back in another time to try out a cocktail and a few other menu items. Maybe I'll even catch a show. B&B has a lot of potential but I'm not hooked yet.Cute spot. Had fish tacos and house pickles both were delicious. Had house old fashioned which was okay. Not as good as a bourbon place should be. Service was friendlyGREAT BRUNCH!!  Service on point. We are always in search of a great place for Sun brunch. Did a search and this place came up. Looking forward to having a D-n-D there soon.I'm at a loss for words. Perhaps this is due to the relaxing vibes I am currently riding after my scrumptious meal at bourbon and branch.
On a Thursday night the place is hopping yet the waiting staff is attentive knowing when to clear your plate, sometimes even before you do.
The place is known for their whisky menu cleverly contained in a children book. But I was impressed with their precise supper food. I Had to look up what I was ordering. I don't want to order something that I could make at home though. This place offers a complete nighttime delight from tunes to booze and back again.First time in Philly, had a great time stopping in here on a whim- we heard the fun 90s music they were playing and it lured us in, although we were originally heading somewhere else. Environment is really cool, nice bar area, live band upstairs and great music and service downstairs. Molly was a great server, super friendly and attentive. She was very helpful and accommodating. I had the Raphael margarita which was amazing ( made by Adam)- awesome mix of spicy and sweet and perfect balance of the two. There are so many drink options and a great reasonably priced beer selection. We had the chicken wings which were huge (comes with three full wings)- smokey and tasty with the buffalo sauce and blue cheese . Next time would definitely come in for a full dinner. Seems like they're open pretty late too. Overall great experience and fun place to hang out- will definitely be back next time we're in town.Enjoyed brunch here with a coworker. Nice pub atmosphere, friendly staff, and tasty food. I had a concoction with eggs, sausage gravy, biscuit and cheeses and it was great. My friend had big, fluffy pancakes that I tasted and loved despite pancakes not being my first breakfast food choice. Reasonably priced too.Typically this was my favorite place for brunch. Anytime friends visit me - I'm adamant about coming here. After this visit I can say I won't be back. The level of service we received was mediocre at best. I was also watching a short video clip on my phone and the server (who wasn't my own) tapped our table and said "do you mind turning that down?" Actually it wasn't that loud considering a DJ is playing music. Then he proceeds to make a "snide" comment to the table he was serving, "I can't even remember what I was going to say." Lastly, I ventured out of my normal routine and had the pork belly - didn't enjoy at all. Its been real BB - can't say I'll ever "darken your doorstep again." Wouldn't want to distract your clients from the horrible service and poor attitudes of waitstaff.Your venue is ridiculous. Too many people let on and crappy acoustics.  Maybe I would love it if I were a hipster.The food is always delicious here. We've come here a few times for dinner and tried brunch for the first time today. The service is always a little slow... Taking away a star for me. It's a smaller space with a cute atmosphere. Drink menus are in cute old kids books. 
Brunch -- My party got the confit pork belly and eggs, cinnamon roll pancakes, corned beef hash and eggs, and the huevos. The confit pork belly and eggs was good but not quite what I expected, I wouldn't order it again. The corned beef on the other hand was out of this world. Very salty and has a kick but not in a bad way. My friend said that the huevos were delicious. The pancakes were out of this world. The cinnamon and sugar on top was a crunchy caramelized texture that really added to the pancakes. Loved them 
Also side note. The biscuits were good but not nearly as delicious as other reviewers claimed (at least in my book!) 
Dinner -- their Mac and cheese is delicious. I make sure to always get a side no matter what I'm eating. 
Overall good food, good drinks, ok service.This is by far the best lunch I have ever had in Philadelphia. I started to go down the street but per my friends choosing, we came here. #WIN!!!!! Kate our waitress was amazing. When I went to order, I asked her about my selection and she said "your making ALL the right choices" lol. Indeed #facts. The reuben sandwich was so thick and tasty. But the highlight was the oxtail fries. Life itself!!!! So juicy, so flavorful, soooooo delicious! If your coming to Philly, you better stop here or slap yourself for not doing it!The food at this place is usually good. I have come for brunch, lunch and dinner. Service is on and off. I've had really great servers and really poor servers. 
It would be great if there were more "stars" on their serving staff to keep the quality of the overall experience consistent. Some visits I am amazed and others I just want to go home and order takeout. 
Food: Consistent, Good
Drinks: Consistent, Good
Service: Fair to Poor at times 
Atmosphere: Good, WelcomingMy girlfriend, cousin and I came here for restaurant week because the menu sounded promising. I mean who doesn't love downtown southern food right? 
We arrived right around 8pm and the restaurant was completely empty inside. It was a typical bar look inside with wooden booths and dim lights. We chose to sit outside since our was a nice night. We sat for about 20 minutes before somebody came to take our drink order. This should have been the indication of how slow service would be smh
For appetizers I ordered the shrimp and anchovy toast which the toast was burnt but the shrimp had a decent flavor. My friend ordered the country pate which was bland and not enough bread for the pate. My cousin ordered the biscuits and gravy which was the only good tasting thing. 
For our entrees, I ordered the shrimp gumbo which was decent in flavor but needed more spices. My friend ordered the country fried chicken which was crispy but flavorless. My cousin ordered the braised beef short ribs which were very salty. We were far from impressed. 
For dessert I took the recommendation of the server and ordered the whiskey brownie a la mode. The brownie was stale and so hard. I could have gotten a better brownie premade from the grocery store. 
So the slow service with the mediocre food will cause us not to come back to this place. It's sad considering the food description had so much potential.I will have to try this place again for a more accurate assessment. Stopped by for lunch on a Thursday and ordered the grilled chicken kale Cesar salad. When I dig into it, it was suburb!  Perfectly portioned and seasoned. But then a few bites into it I found a long hair in it. No big deal, gave the salad back and they made me a new one. The second salad tasted tasted like a distant version of the first. As if someone completely different and inexperienced made the second and the real chef made the first. The second salad did not have the shaved cheese, the kale was wet which really ruined the experience (but I was hungry so I ate and went), the proportions were off too, the "smoked" chicken had zero "smoke" to it. 
Not sure what happened, maybe the waiter made he second one?? 
Place had a cool old pub vibe to it. I will be back to give it another try only due to the first salad being spot on minus the hair.Stopped by for drink and basically greeted by 3 hipster bartenders who made me wait 5 minutes to order at the empty bar, ordered a lite beer and after that was completely ignored until I waved down a bartender after another 5 minutes, could be gay bar which is fine, just don't treat straight customers badly.We've lived in the neighborhood for the last three years and always passed by Bourbon and Branch on our way to Green Eggs Cafe. We decided to avoid the long lines/heat this morning and give it a try.
We arrived right after opening and had our pick of tables. We grabbed a booth by the front and had a nice conversation with the hostess (friendly and welcoming). The menu had a reasonable variety of southern inspired options--we ordered chicken and biscuits, Bubba's Benedict (came with a side of pimento cheese grits), and coffee.
Our server, Marissa, was quick, attentive, and friendly, and the wait time for food was just long enough for us reminisce about our trip to New Orleans. The music and interior definitely reminded us of our time in Louisiana (the thrift store mugs and plates were all mismatched, but gave the restaurant a home-y vibe).
The food was fantastic. The biscuits were flaky and moist, the chicken was well fried and tender. The pimento cheese grits were smooth, flavorful, and unique. The food wasn't greasy or too filling--we left feeling satisfied.
If you're having brunch in the area, we highly recommend skipping some of the other local options with long-lines to try Bourbon and Branch. This might be our new favorite brunch spot, and we'll certainly be back again soon to try dinner and drinks.Got the Lumberjack breakfast. It was a nice place not that packed, looked like a pub. Waiters were nice and there's beer and yogaI went here with some friends while visiting for the weekend, I am extremely pleased with everything about this place. From the decor, vibe, music (DJ was playing old soul music and R&B that hit every chord in the right way). The portions were grand, I feel like there are often many spots that don't get it right or overcharge for basics, not here. I loved everyone else's dishes too (literally since the place settings are a mixture of types / designs of plates). Their biscuits are SOOOOOO good, make SURE you get them. I had the cheesy grits with shrimp hands down awesome & prepared the right way (and I'm picky since I go to ATL a lot), they get it right here! Absolutely coming back here for my next brunch when I'm in town!Place is super cool they have tons of different Burbon to try. Wait was very short to get in and sit down. Everyone treats you like a friend when you walk in especally from giving me shit about my Chicago blackhawks credit card. Lol. We sat down for breakfast and by far they have the best biscuits and gravy I have had to day. The pineapple mimosas were stellar as well. Give this little hole in the wall a shot. Well worth it!Have only been here for lunch a few times...and each time I ordered the Pork Belly Banh Mi which is braised pork belly, Cajun pate, pickled carrots and tomatillos, chipotle aioli, jalapeno and cilantro. Wow! I dream about this sandwich. I think it's the best banh mi I've had anywhere. I haven't tried anything else because I keep coming back for this sandwich. A friend had the pulled pork sandwich and said it was very good. Service was great, prices are okay. I'll update once I've tried other menu items.This picture is in portrait mode on the iPhone 8+ so use your imagination the further you look back in the photo or just focus on what's in front of you.
Attached is a picture of my order, which is Chicken & Waffles with a side of Pimento Cheese Grits. In the back is a Pineapple Mimosa which was delicious and even further back is a Cranberry Mimosa. I would highly recommend this spot for anyone who wants to take a good nap after they dine. This food filled me up and I emptied my plate (the grits first, mimosa next, then the food). Bourbon and Branch offers a chill vibe and cozy seating, excellent staff, nice prices, and delicious mimosas. If you're looking for a good weekend brunch, this is your spot! 
P.s my social dm's were flooded with ?'s about where my food was from after I posted it.This was one of my favorite spots in the city, every underrated. Until I went about a month ago, the menu change was not a great one, the chicken and waffles was my favorite item on the old menu it was sweet, savory, large portioned etc, but the new is very basic! Then the french toast has changed at well wasnt happy. Please bring back the old menu!!! The positive though, still a great atmosphere and great music.I checked out Bourbon & Branch for the first time last night, Friday night happy hour into evening. It was very busy but not unpleasantly packed.The cocktail menu is amazing. Their menu is pasted into pages of old children's books.The one I got was "What Is a Stranger and What Should I Do?" which was wonderfully creepy.  My bartender Kate was extremely friendly and knowledgeable.She started me with "The Hemingway" rum cocktail-it was sweet and refreshing. Because so many of the drinks sounded tantalizing on the menu I decided to switch it up to the "Branch Cosmo" for my next drink.It was such a refreshing change from the saccharine sweet that you have come to expect from your typical cosmo.Fresh cranberries and orange were muddled into the Tito's vodka.It was delicious.Both the Hemingway and the Cosmo were made with all fresh ingredients and were both balanced and stiff. They tasted the way a beautiful spring day feels.
There was a shift change and Brendon took over on bartending duties.I noticed it was still happy hour so I figured I would take advantage of the specials and order an Old Fashioned.It was easily the best Old Fashioned I had ever had in my life. I can definitely see myself going back to Bourbon & Branch for many many more of these.
The cocktail prices might have seemed a little expensive at first glance but they were all WELL worth the price.
By this time I realized I was pretty hungry so I decided to order some food.
The Irish nachos appetizer was awesome and more than affordably priced.It was ample enough for 3-4 people to eat. Since it was just me,there were PLENTY of leftovers.
I can't wait to go back and try the rest of the menu there.I had a really tough time deciding which thing to get,especially after seeing so many other patrons' food go by that looked simply amazing.Delicious plus bottomless mimosas! The fried cheese epic! Great environment! Nice cool decor!This is one of my favorite brunch places in Philly. Food is amazing and filling. Service is fantastic, and the vibe is laid back and fun. This past Sunday the DJ was awesome. Love it hereEverything about this place gets 5 stars.
Food: AMAZING. Just take a look at all of the pictures I attached, there wasn't an item on the menu that left you unsatisfied. Luckily, I went with a large party so there was plenty of opportunities to snag a bite here and there. 
Fried Pickles - crispy & delicious with a batter to pickle ratio that is on point
Oxtail fries - an explosion of flavors. Oxtail is a fattier meat, so just know that going into it!
Bang Bang Chicken Sandwich - really good! The sandwich was not what I was expecting since it came on a hoagie roll. It reminded me more of a glorified cheese steak. It was delicious, but if I come back I'll probably order something else on the menu
Kale Caesar Salad - delicious!
Chicken and Waffles - That chicken is incredible. Every bite just got better and better and it made me want to cry a little inside when it was over
Mac & Cheese - YUM
Chicken Wings - Pretty good!
Our server was Jonathan who was awesome. He made great recommendations and overall made it a fun experience for all of us. Service was incredibly attentive and the entire evening was so smooth. The atmosphere of this place is also great. The music put me in an awesome mood and really contributed to the entire experience. 
I HIGHLY recommend this place. I WILL BE BACK!Delicious breakfast..I had the lumberjack slam. Definitely will come back to try their lunch or dinner. They played great Motown musicI didn't care for the bar look in the place because I went Sunday morning and the food was so good!!
Why not come here instead of waiting outside in front of the other brunch place down the block.
I loved the waffle burger and it was very fulfilling.
They have tons of vegan or veggie options.
But one thing I didn't like were the tiny tables and the sticky floors.
We will come back for the food if in the area!I've lived in Philly for 10 years and I can't believe I'm just finding Bourbon and Branch! Now a favorite!! Everything we had was  delicious! Mac & Cheese, Fried Chicken, Mushroom Stroganoff, Braised Pork, fries ( me and my family like to eat a lot! )  Worth every calorie and dollar! The staff was really nice and service was on point! My dad is really annoying and asks a million questions when going out to eat, the waitress and host were both super patient and sweet with his million and one questions! ( I think their names were  Cameron and Mickey? ) And everything was decently priced. Will definitely be going back !!! Also great atmosphere! Go!Excellent experience! Went for brunch on a Saturday and were surprised that there was no wait. Our server (I think her name was Melissa?) was so accommodating and friendly and our food was delicious. I had the special which was a stuffed French toast. The veggie breakfast burrito was also amazing. Definitely the spot if you're looking for a relaxed atmosphere and good comfort food.My husband and I visited this past Friday night. We were seated right away. The atmosphere is very casual with a number of groups and people sitting at the bar. I ordered the skillet roasted chicken and my husband ordered the pulled pork sandwich. The wait for our food was rather long, more that 30 minutes. My husband said the sandwich was ok, the bread was soggy. The brought my skillet out telling to be careful of the "hot" skillet, the runner was holding it with his bare hands! I tried the succotash, it was actually cold, not room temp but cold. The gravy was also cold. The only thing hit was the chicken itself, I asked if this was the perpetration and was told no. The biscuit was also cold at room temp. The server offered to have it prepared again but having been there an hour at this point I was not interested in hanging around. They offered a small discount for the food I didn't eat but didn't take it off the check. No manager ever came over to apologize for the situation. It was over all a very disappointing experience.I went to bourbon and branch last night, on a Sunday.  Although it was busy it wasn't crazy.  My friend and I waited for almost a half hour at our table without a single server offering us water or menus.  We finally got up to leave and as we were leaving the waiter who ignored us the whole time came over and said he didn't realize we wanted table service.  Odd since we had been seated at a table during dinner time.  What else do people go to a restaurant for?  Skip bourbon and branch and try one of the other great restaurants in northern libs instead where you can actually get good service.My friends and I used to love coming here for their burgers until my most recent visit. They changed their menu and it's nowhere near as good. The bread for the burgers is different and feels like low quality, overly soft white bread. The burger itself is a lot less juicy. They also changed their fried pickles to some other fried veggie mix which is alright, but doesn't touch the old fried pickles. Our server Ashley was great but I hope they return the menu to its former glory.I've been here twice and both times I wasn't too enthused with the restaurant. The architecture is great, it feels like you just walked into an old fashioned lounge in NYC. I assume that the space is fairly old. 
However the food isn't that great. I've had the chicken nachos, which were so smothered in cheese, sour cream, and dressing that they were difficult to pull apart and eat. It was like dealing with some huge cheese brick.
I've also had the bang bang chicken sandwich which was so charred that I could barely discern the dressing. The chicken breast they used was huge but too big for the bun.
Beer prices are great compared to other spots around town. Definitely worth the visit if all you need is a happy hour drink.
Service is fine.So, this place is just like Liberties, but way more expensive? Am I getting this right? Just because you add a sign to the outside and add some fancy drinks to the menu doesn't mean you're the new, hip bar in town. The drinks are really expensive and not that good. The food was meh. Ordered the seitan cheese steak and they served it with a side of chips topped with parmesean. HELLO?! I just ordered a VEGAN cheese steak. Why in the world would you put *CHEESE* on top of chips on a vegan plate? The answer is that this place probably doesn't know any better. Kudos for the vegan items, but bad job on quality control. Service was OK. The tab was really expensive for a not-so-good experience. Won't be back based on all of these things.I will admit, it would be difficult to be a worse bar/restaurant than than Liberties (which formerly occupied the place) but Bourbon and Branch is a very welcome addition to the neighborhood. We went for brunch on Sunday and the menu is great, tons of sandwiches, egg dishes, soups and salads.  I had the smoked pastrami and it was amazing.  My BF had the lamb burger and was very impressed.  This is a great casual spot for dinner or brunch and very reasonably priced.  We will definitely be returning.  I've heard they're looking into live music Thurs-Sat which is also a nice addition to the NoLibs scene. 
The decor/ambiance is exactly the same as Liberties and could use a little bit of updating.  it's super dark and a little musty and the 50's/60's music was a bit odd, but the food is really great and the beer selection is impressive.  The staff was very friendly and service was prompt.  I think this place might have some staying power in the neighborhood if they spruce up the inside a little bit.Drove by hungry and saw a "restaurant and bar" sign and decided to stop in. Needless to say, I am very glad we did. The food was beyond amazing. I had the fried chicken and Mac and cheese and she had the oxtail fries and spicy tuna nachos. Everything tastes great and fresh. Drinks were great also. Nice selection of cocktails and draft beer. Bourbon and Branch is definitely going on my list of go to places and very high up on it.Lucked into this restaurant on 3/4/17 for breakfast/brunch only because we couldn't get into two other local restaurants with long waits.  What a find!  The service was exceptional (loved our waitress) and the food was excellent.  I'm a coffee snob and the coffee was delish.  We all had the breakfast burritos which were excellent.  We especially liked that they lightly grilled the burrito.  Side potatoes had a nice spice to them and the cheese grits were yummy. 
No need to try to get into the other crowded Northern Liberties hot spots.  I'll definitely come back!Chicken was awesome. Collards very good. Skip the shrimp and grits. They put andouille sausage w shrimp gumbo on top making the grits soupy. I've decided I dislike andouille. The dish had an off smell which reminded me of hay. The oxtail fries oh yes!  Fries oxtail gravy jalapeños and red onions.  Huge portions.I came here for happy hour during a day trip to Philly. This place was great, they had select $5 whiskey cocktails and the food was good too! I had the fried chicken sandwich and it did not disappoint! A place with a great selection of bourbon and whiskey.I ordered off of Grubhub. Called because my order was not delivered during the time range I was given. The guy over the phone was rude and made it seem like it was my fault the food was not being delivered during the allotted time range. He said that the times given by them don't coincide with Grubhubs and I should bring it up with Grubhub (Definitely not my job). Super rude! Mind you I was just calling to find out when my food was going to arrive.The best chicken and biscuits I've ever had. I dream about it at night.I recently moved to Northern Liberties and have been loving this food and drink spot! The ambiance resembles an old English pub with a modern twist. The food is tasty and the drink selections are great. I have also been here for happy hour and their food and drink specials are great deals. They have $5 margaritas or old fashioneds as well as $2 off drafts. They also have a $2 discount on any of their "shares" aka appetizers. I think I'll keep coming back here on a regular basis. I can't wait!The service was fantastic, the bourbon selection was solid, but more than anything else: the Chicken, Biscuit & Sausage Gravy appetizer is worth the price of admission! All of their food has been excellent though. Great spot!Always a good dinner option, but had brunch here for the first time this past weekend. Waitress was super nice, and the food was great. And drag quizzo is fun.This is such a cool bar with that very relaxed vibe. I went here with co-workers for happy hour, and really dug this place. The whiskey cocktails were really good and for 5.00 during happy hour was awesome. The beer selection was really good with a lot of decent craft selections. I also ordered a grilled cheese sandwich with goat cheese and a burger patty, and that was really good! Our server was a real cool guy and answered any questions we had. This is a bar I hope to frequent more often, especially for happy hour.I ordered the smoked trout Benedict with potatoes and it was the worst Benedict I have ever had.  In my lifetime I have enjoyed Benedict dishes in seven U.S. states from the west coast to the east coast and Bourbon & Branch managed to really ruin a potential good meal.  The potatoes were hard as a rock, they seemed as though they had been sitting out for three days.  The trout was over-salted, the sauce had no flavor and the bread (not English muffin) was horrible.  The eggs were under-cooked and also over-salted.
I then tried my friend's hummus and pita, also quite bad.  The pita bread was wet (with water) and the hummus was flavorless AND over-salted.  I am able to prepare better hummus and pita whilst in a coma.
My husband ordered the chicken and biscuits, the bacon n'beer mac and the branch brined wings.  ALL were over-salted.  The "food" was not edible.
Burbon and Branch is apparently for people who are too drunk to notice (or care) if they have been served proper food or not.  PATHETIC.We stumbled upon this place for brunch and wow, it's a great find!! The food was unique and absolutely delicious- best home fries and grits ever!! We will be coming back... Soon! This place is definitely worth the drive!!Not bad whiskey bar.  Some interesting cocktails, though they were all a bit sweet for my taste.  I tried the Broken Chandelier (gin, St. Germain, cilantro, cucumber, simple sugar).  It was pretty good, though I think it would have been better with Hendrick's over Bombay and if there was a bit less simple syrup.  I think the other one that I tried was the Irish Jolly (Jameson, Snap ginger liqueur, fresh black berries, lime, ginger ale).  It wasn't my favorite, I don't think I liked the Snap liqueur). 
A pretty good list of beers available.  The couple that I tried I enjoyed more than the cocktails.  A long and interesting list of whiskey.  I think next time I will be just sticking to whiskey or rye with ice.  
I like the vibe here, it seemed to be busy, bustling, without being over crowded.Me and one of my BFF's went to a movie premiere on a Wednesday night downtown. Afterward we opted for dinner. She told me she had been to Bourbon&Branch for wings and fries and they were pretty good so I looked up their menu online. They had some pretty eclectic items listed as dishes and they had lots of "homemade/house prepared" choices, right down to the ice cream! Their drink menu was not only extensive but it was also adorable....it was made using a children's book circa 1978. They even left some of the original pages inside for you to entertain yourself with while you flip through it. Our waitress Sarah was awesome and attentive. Our drinks came right away and we waited just the right amount of time before our food got to the table. I ordered a burger ($5) with cheese, fried onion straws, avocado and pickles. All my toppings were super fresh and the burger was pretty big! My BFF had the Bang Bang Chicken Sandwich with chips and she said it was INSANELY delicious! Her sandwich was so burly that she had to take the second half home! It was a favorable experience for an impromptu dinner decision. I'm convinced that there's something really interesting going on in that kitchen over there....I just may write "Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives" and drop a dime so I can get a camera crew back there and see what's going on! Lol.One of my favorite spots in Philly. Food was always pretty solid and the drinks were food too. I found the menu to be a tad bit overpriced, but not unreasonable. The service was generally okay, and I'm glad they changed the menus. They used to have these huge menu boards that were unwieldy and cumbersome.This bar has it all. Multiple $5 city wide specials, awesome whiskey selection, cheap beers but awesome atmosphere. The bar tenders are great too. Super friendly and conversational. If you have 10 dollars in your pocket and want to have a good time in a respectable bar, come here. (Also if you're going to festival pier for a concert like we were, this place is awesome to grab a drink beforehand)The bartender was taking a while, so the entire bar starting singing backstreet boys. It sucked.The service and atmosphere was fine, but the food was overall underwhelming and disappointing. After seeing such great reviews, much of the menu was definitely below expectation. For $18, I got six ribs that were smothered with a sauce that was primarily vinegar. For the same price, my boyfriend got a steak that seemed to be barely 5 or 6 oz. The macaroni seemed to be made with some sort of creamy, processed cheese, which wasn't terrible, but also wasn't up to par. The Belgian fries were mostly undercooked. For dessert my brownie was stale (?). The outside was very hard and crispy, and the inside was dry and grainy. 
On the upside, the chicken and biscuit platter was very good, as were the fried pickles and sweet potato fries (although the fries came with an out-of-place curry mustard). Our service was very good, and the atmosphere seemed fun. 
In summary, I might come back if I'm looking for a bar and possibly some snacks, but definitely not for dinner.For brunch, the place felt hung over. The service was fine, but a little dull. Not sure why they open so early if they are understaffed. My steak and eggs ($18) was passable, a little salty, though (whole peppercorns didn't help matters), and the cut of meat wasn't trimmed well. Bloody Mary was standard.I live in the area and come here regularly- great food, great beers, great cocktails, and AMAZING specials. Normal prices are good already, but the specials are great. I've always had amazing service and the atmosphere is really nice. Seriously can't say enough good things. The oxtail fries are INCREDIBLE, as well as many of the other things I've tried. I haven't been to a show upstairs, but it seems like a good place for it.
update:
Just tried brunch here for the first time- awesome! got the corned beef hash with eggs and a biscuit and added a side of their beer cheese sauce- so good!Don't know what took us so long to come here! Fried chicken salad was so good. Nice portion of chicken and egg, avocado, onion, mushroom - legit all my fave things. My boyfriend got the spicy chicken sandwhich and it was delicious! We ordered a side of the house made chips as well which were great to snack on. Nice vibe, large drink menu, will def be backCame for brunch and was pleasantly surprised.  The service was excellent, and the food delicious. We had a group of 6 which they accommodated cheerfully.  Some of us had breakfast items, others had lunch.  Everyone enjoyed their food, and the portions were generous.  The cost was extremely reasonable with the meals from $8-$15. They have a nice variety of craft beers which my husband appreciated. The key lime pie for dessert was excellent.  We could see this becoming one of our favorite places to visit!
On a side note, we had no trouble finding parking, even though it's a busy block.This is one of the best places in No Libs, hands down.  We come here from time to time and always have a great time.  Food and service this last visit was awesome.  Branch Nachos, Challah French Toast, and a Taco Salad.  All awesome and very tasty.  Our bartender was awesome as well.  He was polite, prompt, gave suggestions, and checked back on us frequently.  He was great!  We will definitely be back for another visit.This place is ridiculously good! From the fantastic selection of beverages to the mouth-watering choices of food!! Did I mention vegan and vegetarian options galore as well as so many tasty dishes for meat eaters too! I had the fish tacos tonight and they were dynamite! Best fish tacos I've ever had. I also really enjoy the "one hot sailor" hot cider beverage. The atmosphere is also so soothing and bartenders/wait staff are very welcoming and kind. Go here on your day off, you won't regret it!We came here for brunch on a Saturday noon. We got seats immediately but waited for 1 and half hour to get the food. Food was just ok, definitely not worth waiting. We doubt we'll come back againBourbon and Branch exudes class.  This classy joint offers a wide variety of whiskeys/whiskies, scotch, bourbons and the like at fair costs.  They also have a wide variety of drafts and bottle with several inexpensive local options as well.  The cocktail menus are in old library books which is certainly an interesting way of presenting the drink menu.  I thought this would be primarily a whiskey bar upon first glance, but the food menu offers many delicious options as well.  It is a wonderful atmosphere with knowledgeable and friendly service from the bartenders/servers.  A must visit when trolling through northern liberties.Really unhappy with the food - the rainbow trout was super salty. It became more and more salty with each bite. Couldn't finish more than half of it. The shaved sprouts dish had more fried onions than sprouts. The roasted cauliflower in masala was ok. Overall weak sauce.I have only been to this place once, but the food is awesome! I had the pull pork sandwhich with the Irish nachos, and the guava bread pudding (that unfortunately is off the menu now, or so I heard) the owner guy is so adorable, he reminds me of a cute little grandpa, I believe his son is the cook and it is family owned. I went in with a friend of the family so I have a bit of the "inside scoop" I love the this restaurant! Please put the guava bread pudding back on the menu!!Honestly I never set foot in this place when it was the old Liberties bar and I was happy to hear that it was changing over to Bourbon & Branch.  
Ambiance: The decor is nice and dark with beautiful old woodwork & a (gas) fireplace. Everyone on staff, from the host who greets you at the door to our server was friendly and welcoming. Drinks came out quickly and the food was well timed. 
Drinks: good cocktail list, delicious & well made whiskey sour.  The drink menus are written out in old library books which looks really cool but is kind of a pain to have taking up space on your table.  They have a lot of beers on tap, but no beer list just yet (the server had them written down for herself & let us take a look at her list).  Also no written scotch/whiskey/bourbon list which would be helpful.
Food: the fried pickles with honey mustard sauce were tasty.  I thought the seitan cheesesteak was a bit too heavy & salty.  The first few bites were good but then it just became overly filling and too heavy & salty to finish. I thought it was funny that the price of the seitan cheesesteak is $10.666. They get points for a witty menu.
Great to have this new addition to the neighborhood, but a few things still need to be worked out. I'm sure I'll be returning.So good!  Great prices especially considering the area, beautifully restored bar and decor.  We ordered some beers and an old fashioned, which were all delicious.  A new favorite drinks spot in the area!The beer mac and cheese was outstanding, and the abundance of fried chicken was awesome, not too greasy and perfectly hot. Prices were perfect. This place was perfect for an post- Festival Pier concert pig out session!This would have been a 3 star review, but the mac n cheese sold me to 4 stars. 
I ordered delivery and they arrived 20 minutes early! I was alerted by a text. I got the mac n cheese and caesar kale salad. The mac n cheese portion was huge, delicious and amazing! The salad... Not so much. The dressing was more on the sour side and the kale was super rubbery. The croutons weren't crispy... they were basically just stale bread. 
I will definitely order from them again and I can't wait to check out the place in person.Awesome, awesome breakfast! I've never had the most delicious pancakes, biscuits, or eggs ever. The dirty martinis are also top notch! The ambience is cool and the music they play during brunch is soul inspiring.Great experience.  I had a very bad day and they turned it completely around.  On one of the busiest days, 2nd Street Festival I couldn't find a restaurant with a menu I wanted and had serious doubts I would.   That's when I stumbled upon Bourbon and Branch and they went above and beyond to ensure I had a wonderful experience.Brunch
Service was very inviting and fun! Taking pictures of people, joking around. Food came out quick. 
Bloody Mary was good. Comes in a regular and extra spicy. 
I got fried chicken eggs Benedict, friend of mine got a buffalo chicken egg and cheese breakfast sandwich- which came on a long roll. Both were very good. Going to have to make this a staple spotSetting: Sunday brunch/breakfast split. 
Walking in you can tell this is a really cool bar but I cannot attest to this as my first experience was breakfast food - split the Bubba Benedict and the cinnamon pancakes.  
Service - really good, attentive staff that filled water quickly and weren't hovering during the mid-morning.  
The atmosphere her was very chill with 90s music playing and a causal bar appeal.  I wish I would have been able to try their cocktails as other reviews suggested but timing in the day just wasn't right.  
Back to the food - I started out with the Bubba Benedict which was eggs Benedict, a chicken Brest, biscuit, and tomato served with home fries which were deliciously seasoned.  I found myself truly enjoying then but it was time for the switch.  Cinnamon pancakes here they came, I cut into and take the for bite and boom instantly, slightly disappointed. They were decent pancakes but I was expecting something much better that I ate, which was kinda sad. 
Bubba Benedict - 4/5 and definitely worth trying but I wouldn't try the cinnamon pancakes, just not worth it. 
Definitely will return for drinks!Boyfriend and I stumbled in here on one of the first cold nights of the year and the cozy atmosphere was perfect. I had a salad, he had the fried chicken, and both were adequate as hell. I'm tickled by the decor and the vintage children's book menus, and the drinks are super reasonable. I'd recommend it.0 star if possible... 2 hours without a courtesy call. called them several times, every time is the same answer the delivery guy is on the way. I live 5 mins away driving... either this guy is delivering to every house from the restaurant to my house or they are just dishonest. Either way horrible service.Great upgrade to the spot that was there previous. It has a lot of wood and a nice ornate bar and alcohol display. Jukebox with some tunes. They have a couple of vegan options here. The tree hurger. --not a typo. Was a really good house made veggie burger, you can order it vegan cheese or with goat cheese, it has crispy onions, tomato, and lettuce. Legit. The truffle chips that come with the sandwiches have parmesan on them so I opted for a side of fries as well as the chips minus the cheese. Both were on point. My girl got the Seitan Cheese steak. Really good, well seasoned seitan chunks, mushrooms, crispy onions, and cherry tomatoes, FIRE!! Would like a vegan mayo, but that's just me. My girl loved it as is. They have a nice draft selection, and great bourbons. If your into Key lime pie, this place makes it perfect.I'm new to the area, and I ordered delivery and also ate Brunch at Bourban & Branch based on other Yelp Reviews.  I cannot agree more with the positive reviews of this restaurant.  My delivery order arrived much faster than expected, and my burger was delicious!  But I was truly impressed after having Sunday brunch here recently.  I had the french toast with a side of scrambled eggs.  Not only was my meal wonderful, but the atmosphere is great.  The restaurant has great decor and great music during brunch.  Overall, a very relaxed environment, and great food!  I will absolutely brunch here again, and I look forward to trying the dinner menu.  My only complaint is that the Bloody Mary's could use more flavor.  You can tell the Bloody Mary is made from a mix, and they don't use enough horseradish or spice for my taste.  But the mimosas were good!  I'm not sure if they offer pitchers during brunch, which would have been nice given that we had a few drinks with our meal, and this increased our bill significantly.  I would love a bottomless or pitcher option for Bloody Mary's or Mimosas at brunch.We came here during happy hour for a drink And apps. Their drink Menu and the way make their drinks is outstanding.  I dont remember all the fancy names but my friend and I ordered the same vodka drink mix cocktail which I will post a photo of. We also ordered fried pickles, which was recommended by the bartender and had the wings which were excellent. This is an awesome corner bar with very friendly staff. Its only 2 blocks from my house and I cant believe I never noticed it before. All I can say is that ill def be back soon.service was kind of slow... but the fried pickles were on point.For lunch i had the buffalo cauliflower and the bourbon burger. Then a few weeks later for brunch i had the Shrimp and grits. 
All delicious. Five Stars. Great ambiance. Great staff. 
I'll be back very soon.Food was okay. Place is pretty small too. Both chicken dishes we ordered were a bit rubbery but the waffles were delicious.The Bourbon & Branch is awesome... what more do I need to say? 
It starts with a great tap list - and prices - and continues on to the food. The fried pickles were excellent - the oil was fresh (As a high school job I worked in food service, so I can tell) and the breading on the pickle was perfectly crisp and tasty. We got the Fried Chicken and Spring Greens salad and I was blown away - everything was excellent from the mushrooms and fried chicken to the honey-mustard dressing. 
The decor and setting is great and the bartenders were super friendly and attentive. I highly recommend it!Typical late Sunday afternoon brunchers here. Also our first-time at this place. They were pretty busy, so we initially were seated right next to the swinging kitchen door. When we asked to move, they graciously obliged.
The coffee was excellent. 
The bloody Mary's....5/10. Too spicy for me, almost undrinkable. 
The waffle sandwich...10/10. Probably the best breakfast sandwich I've ever had in my life.
Alex was our waiter. He was genuinely nice and very attentive. 
Overall, cozy little spot with yummy comfort food and friendly staff. We'll be back.I love Bourbon & Branch!! We haven't found a better happy hour in No Libs. Half price draft beers (great selection) and $5 apps (pimento cheese dip-mmm). Lunch, dinner and brunch are also delish. We have had great service experiences so far. I love that we haven't yet experienced a wait to get in...hopefully I didn't just jinx myself. We haven't ventured upstairs yet to catch a show (they have a venue upstairs that charges a cover).These troopers were OPEN during the Philly SNOW STORM!
I must admit, their delightful service and warm comfort foods sure did have double the impact against the cold outside, but it really was good!
Split the fried pickles with honey mustard - very good, but not a huge portion. Not what I expected, but a curious surprise. 
I had a burger with caramelized onions, bacon and chipotle aioli - definitely hit the spot!
My friend had the buns with sweet butter. They were soooo good, and the butter was to die for. He also had the side of bacon mac & cheese - be warned, it's more than enough for a meal on its own! He had enough to take home!
Pair these comfort foods with their full menu of beers and you have the perfect combination of a snow storm outingThis place wasn't the plan, but I couldn't be happier that we stumbled upon it! Great food! Great Service! Great drinks! It was fantastic! Shrimp and Grits was a shrimp gumbo with grits and eggs... RIDICULOUS!!  I don't know Philly well, but I would search this place out if/when I was in the area. Thumbs upSo... where do I begin... I came here last night. The service was very nice ! Especially our host! However the service was not the best ... I waited about 20 minutes for a greeting from our server. As a server myself, rule of thumb is 2 minutes. Finally I could put my order in! Now the food is a whole nother story! Their menu is so strange and very tiny ...  oxtail minestrone !? Even their burger sound unappetizing because of the way they describe them! I got bang bang chix tacos.. they were okay. Nothing to great. You had to add hot sauce or else they were very bland.. however I was starving so I had to eat them ! Would have rather had the pizza next door... atmosphere was okay I suppose .. I mean I won't be back. But it was ok for an experience !So northern libs is known for the bar scene down 2nd street. Bourbon and branch is very clean and gives a very medieval vibe. The food here is delicious, especially for bar food. I recommend the cumin roasted veggies or the seitan steak both of which are seasoned with care. However if you're following the Brussels fad, stay far far far away from this dish. It brings absolutely nothing to the table. If you're going to charge $6 for a side of veggies it better be life changing. They also have a stage upstairs which I recently discovered for comedy night, all of the comedians were hysterical and tasteful. Be aware they do charge a $5 cover but that shouldn't break your bank if your headed to the bar anyway.Awesome happy hour (Mac n cheese with buffalo chicken... does it get any better?) and the place is just a solid neighborhood/rustic-chic bar to have a brew or cocktail at.Stopped here for Sunday brunch. It didn't look too busy but we walk in and kinda hang out until a stressed server tells us to sit wherever. Another server ended up taking care of us, and she was sweet and bent down to us to get eye level to take our order. Nice personal touch, lady. Ordered the eggs any style (scrambled and added American cheese) and came with an English muffin and hash browns. Eggs were pretty good and the hash browns were savory. Coffee was burnt tasting but whatever. The experience got better as it progressed, but I've had better in the area. May stop here for a drink sometime.Haven't had food here yet, but the Irish Jolly was AMAZING (think Jameson and Ginger with blackberry). 
Bartenders are supercool too and make a stiff drink.  And the draft list has something for everyone.Came here Sunday for brunch and had a decent time! I would give 3.5 stars if I could!
We got seated right away and our waitress was very friendly. We started with a pitcher of mimosa for $25, not bad. I got the bacon appetizer which was very good, I liked the tomato jam. I got the waffle bendict which was just okay. I think it needed some syrup on the side and the eggs were a bit over done, no running yolk :( I also thought the waffles were super soggy, not really what I was expecting. The home fries though were cooked perfectly, very crispy.The Kronenbourg 1664 Blanc is simply the best beer I have ever had. I haven't seen it at any other place besides here. The bars are very chill, and being able to sit outside on a nice summer night is definitely a plus!I always eat in this area and was curious about this places brunch since it has good ratings. It's a cute restaurant and we enjoyed eating outside. The server was nice and even offered to wrap our leftovers which is a rarity these days. I must be spoiled with brunch elsewhere and am becoming more picky because I wasn't thrilled with the food itself. 
I had the bacon Mac n cheese, the cinnamon roll pancakes and the cheesesteak. The Mac n cheese was decent, no complaints and nothing great to say. It was probably the best thing we had. The pancake was good, again nothing fantastic to say it was a pancake with minimal fruit and toppings. I'm not sure what was going on with the cheesesteak. They had a vegan option which I did not take and yet it seemed like I was eating vegan imitation meat. It looked and tasted strange and they had too many southwestern flavors in it for my taste. I ate a quarter of it and sent the rest home with my boyfriend who liked it more than I did. 
The bloody Mary's I was at least expecting to be good but yet again tasted very watered down. They have an option to add bacon for an additional dollar, don't do it you barely get a sliver of bacon. For over $50 for two people this wouldn't be my first choice next time, too pricey for nothing spectacular.It's an alright little place, the bartender really is clueless about his job but the food is pretty decent. They serve brunch on Saturday and sunday.Drink are nice.  Their live show was great.  Vegan cheese steak was so good my friend and I shared it and they eat meat but they love it. The chips on the side was good as well. Friendly staff and very helpful.your standard brunch place. has pretty good options for food.  i ordered the classic breakfast with was 2 eggs your way with hash + biscuit and extra $3 to add a breakfast meat.  my friend ordered the huevos rancheros and the portions were large! 
im from the south, so my expectations for brunchgoals are high (memphis makes the best biscuits and potato hash yall, seriously) so comparatively it wasn't bad. a good alternative when you're up here above the mason dixon line. what was pretty good though was the TURKEY BACON!! I haven't had that good turkey bacon in ages. Definitely highly recommend the breakfast turkey bacon as your meat. 
pretty dark and dim area (its like a gastropub / bar type of space) with limited seating on a weekend brunch day. even for a rainy sunday around 1PM, it was hard to find seating so we ended up eating at the bar. PROTIP: if you order food at the bar, she no longer can re-seat you at a normal seat. which was fine for us because the big screen was showing the football game.Cozy pub with friendly service at both the tables and bar.
Expansive beer list, delicious classic cocktails and a sizable menu with plenty of options to appease lots of different tastes.
The truffle chips were subtle and tasty, and the fish tacos are deliciously zingy!  Meatloaf, mashed potatoes, and fried chicken also got great reviews from my table mates.
The live music space upstairs is small but sounds great, though the beer selections in the VERY narrow upstairs bar space are mostly limited to cans.This place is great, a bit of a sleeper but I prefer it that way. I can alway get a table and the service is friendly and attentive. Prices are good and the menu is unique but not too complicated. 
Brunch is the best: the huevos ranchers in particular (altho my mind and stomach fight over the size of them) are awesome. The eggs are done perfectly, accented by the combo of the sour cream and cilantro on top; each layer is done perfectly. I've tried the pancakes, they're yum too but as I can't just have pancakes for brunch...I'm game to steal a bite or two from my bf.  
I have yet to check out the tunes upstairs but I loved the soul brunch. The music was perfect for sunday and not too loud so we could chat while we chowed. 
check it out, just don't steal my seat. 
p.s. the oxtail fries are also a must have.I visited this location when it was "Liberities" and I wasn't impressed.  When Bourbon & Branch arrived - stopped in for Happy Hour and I liked the vibe.  I cam back recently to try the food and was impressed.  I had the Asian Wings,  Beer mac and cheese and friends had burgers.  We all were pleased with the quality of food and beer selection.  After speaking with the bartender, looks like they have a comedy night and it's getting popular nice venue for local acts.  
Politeness/Professionalism=Great
Food=Good
Service=Wait time on food could improve.
Drinks=Consistently GoodThe bang bang chicken sandwich was delicious! Great craft beer selection and decent prices. Will definitely return to try more of the delicious sounding and unique foods!Just came for a beer at 1 am on a Saturday night, so I can't speak for the overall quality, but if you're looking for a chill place to just grab a drink and visit with friends, this is perfect. The booths are comfortable and plentiful, the decor is welcoming in a divey but not dirty sort of way, and the prices are cheap cheap. That's real cheap people.I went to Bourbon & Branch tonight, the food was excellent, the drinks were perfectly made & the prices were even better. The decor is very cool. It's a very warm & inviting atmosphere.
Our server was awesome & the manager was on top of everything. I don't venture down to the area much but I will definitely come back here for dinner. 
Added note: they have a stage upstairs for entertainment on weekends.Went in on a slow Friday afternoon, the service was slow considering we were one of maybe 3 tables eating at the time.  Our server was pretty apathetic and sat in the dining room eating her own lunch while my friend and I waited for drink refills.  The seafood chowder had decent flavor but was too salty, "smoked turkey" sandwich on "country white bread" was on par with something I would get from wawa.  My friend enjoyed her nachos with bang bang chicken.This place is a hidden gem! I sat at the bar and had the best bartender!! You rock Larissa!!! She was very attentive, knowledgeable and friendly. I ordered the Bourbon Burger and it was excellent!!! Enjoyed every bite! The Chicken and Blueberry Maple waffle was equally as delicious! It is a bit noisy, but that doesn't bother me.  I would definitely come back!We had brunch last weekend and it was absolutely delicious!!! We had the oxtail fries, Mac & cheese, chicken & biscuits,  and the pork belly sandwich. Everything from the food and service as well as the cocktails were wonderful!Stopped by Bourbon and Branch on a Saturday afternoon with a buddy to have a quick drink and thoroughly enjoyed it. It was a beautiful day out and they had the front doors open which was fantastic. We each got a the beer special which was very reasonably priced. My buddy got the eggs with biscuits and gravy and said it was some of the best he's had. The service was perfect. The bartender was extremely friendly and personable. 
We were curious about the rest of the bar so we asked the bartender if it was ok to walk around a bit and he had no problem with it. We went upstairs and saw a full stage and bar area which looked like it would be perfect for shows which they apparently have their regularly. 
I will definitely be returning to Bourbon and Branch on a weekend evening to see it in action!We had been wanting to go here for a while and finally made the time. It was a quiet day after work, which was fine, I can live without a crowded bar. For drinks, we tried the Gran ginger fizz which was pretty good and the 2nd Street Sazerac which was just ok. We decided to order some appetizers and he had the chicken spring rolls, he said they were ok. I had the country cauliflower, not ok. They were much too salty which I felt took away from the health factor that I was going for. The service was great and the atmosphere was cool, but I don't think this place is for me.This spot has turned into one of my favorites in philly so far. My meal was so delicious, as well as was my two friends. The entire place just has an overall feeling of uniqueness. I see them posting on Instagram of their new specials for the week, and they are always homemade and super exotic. My key lime eggs Benedict was so good! On top of the delicious food it never fails to have great service. On a final note this place is definitely doing something right because I cannot wait to go back soon.I have always ADORED this location and this building.  Even when it was Liberties, I have always found the interior absolutely gorgeous.  The bar, the floors, the walls, ceilings, lighting, fixtures - everything - this interior has always deserved better.
Better management, better clientele (a loyal one at that), a good menu, a good concept.   The whole time that B&B was Liberties, I came to the place only a handful of times.  The reason?  Not quite sure, except that I felt that for all the beauty the place had, it didn't have much of a heart or a personality, or that something that would make me want to come back.  In a neighborhood, filled with places that are neighborhood places with a loyal clientele and a certain je-ne-sais-quoi-, this place never seemed to get its footing or become the place that it could (should?) be.
Even now, I stil feel like B&B might be overzealous and overambitious in its approach. First, the menu is WAY too big - wayyy too many items on there. There are a bunch of sandwiches, home-y, comfort food, plates and pizzas, too?  That is way too much.  I understand the intent, a menu to please all palates and offer all things, but a menu can't always be everything to everyone, and when it does that, it will always fall short in its execution.   I always find the smaller the menu options, the better the kitchen, and usually the better the food.  The end.
I didn't experiment with the cocktails, although I wanted to, Michelle C. wisely steered me away.  I stuck to a whiskey as I thought I should, and the bartender suggested one for my bourbon/whiskey neophyte self.  The selection, even at a one ounce pour was expensive, but smooth and went down easy.  Lots of nice beers on tap too, which is a must in this neighborhood.  The food as expected wasn't bad, but it wasn't great and pretty boring too.
A pork belly bahn mi sliders were just okay, too much bread, or too little pork belly - and the big slice of jalapeno seemed to overwhelm the small sliders.  The portions for the big plates, are HUGE - massive really - totally generous, but really, I think, too big.  The shepherd pie was ho-hum, much like all others, except that there was one huge briney olive in the lamb stew mix (which I wasn't sure was intended or not) and the fish and chips was nice, flakey but both nothing to write home about.  
I find it promising that B&B is trying to find and create its own niche and with live music upstairs that might prove to be key - If the menu was revised to be smaller, more cohesive and more appealing I could be tempted to return and because I want businesses to succeed in my neighborhood, I will return - I just hope the whole place revisits its approach, menu and concept cocktails.  The place deserves it.I forgot to mention that after having eaten at Bourbon and Branch, I had diarrhea for 36 hours.Food was good but waiter didn't write anything down causing him to come back multiple times to question about our order yet our food was missing items/wrong. Bottom line: average food, horrible service. Waiter had an attitude.The Parmesan truffle potato chips that come with the entrees- are amazing and if you want a side please sub those out cuz the Mac and cheese as a side is enormous...and delish! The fish tacos are great(I asked for a side of hot sauce for personal taste) and the Love Handler was wonderful (the! The fried pickles are enormous(kosher dills) and HOT so watch out! Lol! I wasn't totally thrilled with the Hemingway drink-seems kinda small and bland but I had the Tecate and house tequila and that was good! Hubby had the whiskey old fashioned and it was really great. The ambiance is so nice. Old time sculpted ceiling, period piece lighting and windows, great wood paneling and floors. And the key lime pie-orgasmic! The band was about to play but we had to go to another event;(. We plan on coming back! The area here is under a renewal and is so amazing! A must see place and so fun! I recommend it highly!
OH! The bar area is gorgeous!! Loved the whole experience! Staff was amazing too!!!Pros: 
really cool atmosphere
prime location in the city
Fun menu layouts
Attentive staff
Cons: 
Menu was small
I got the shepherds pie and it was way too salty. 
Still a decent place. I would go back.THEIR MAC AND CHEESE IS TO DIE FOR. 
Shout-out to this restaurant and their employees for bearing with my reservation. I made a reservation originally for 7pm. I called and changed the reservation to 8:30 then 9:30- honestly I think someone called and changed it again to 10:30 I cant even remember. Not once did they give an issue and when we showed up the table was ready. Furthermore, we showed up with 7 people instead of 10 and they gave no issues. Our waitress was great as well. 
I ordered their fried chicken dinner plate and it was absolutely delicious. It comes with 4 large pieces of chicken, so if you aren't that hungry most definitely share. This place also offers vegan options which I loved. Everyone ordered a variety of food and there were no complaints. Between the lemon hummus, mushroom nachos, fish and chips, etc.- everything was well cooked and flavored. 
I would absolutely recommend and go back to try other things. ESP for the mac and cheese.Came in at 1:40 on a Sunday. Asked what time lunch service started and was told 2. Mentioned to both bartenders that we were waiting for lunch. Asked to order lunch a little after 2 and was told that lunch service didn't start right at 2. We left and went across the street.This place is amazing! Best mixed beverages. A place to definitely check out. You should stop by and at least check it out. Worth your while! The food is also amazing.When the place we were going to had a line out the door, we walked down the street to this place, where we enjoyed one of the best brunches ever. Clever food pairings, wonderful flavors, and a great environment. Both the potatoes and the grits were equally awesome. The fried chicken tasted of perfection. I would put Bourbon and Branch at the top of any list.Went here post Broad Street Run this past Sunday for brunch--incredible. We decided to go here because the brunch menu is HUGE (much bigger than most places in fishtown) and for whatever reason, there was only a 15 minute wait. 
I got a beer (great draught selection) and the tofu scramble with homefries, biscuit and a side of avocado. Amazing! I would literally come back for the biscuit alone...melted in your mouth and served with butter and jam. 
My friends got the waffle sandwich and the lumberjack breakfast and were both v happy with it.
Minus one star for giving some people a ton of homefries and other people like...4. Not something I usually get too salty about but after running 10 miles, all I wanted was homefries and a beer and I was bummed I got skimped. 
Definitely add this to your brunch list!Amazing food and cocktails. Brunch today was perfect.  BF got the Shrimp and Grits. I was jealous, but loved every bite of my chicken and gravy eggs Benedict. Also, the whiskey drink with fresh ginger and muddled black berries is out of this world. 
This place makes me love living in this city.I went there last night for their opening night and I was so impressed with the place. The menu alone is perfection. There is truly something for everyone there. I went with my boyfriend who is vegan and he got the Bourbon Glazed Seitan and it was delicious (and I am not vegan). I got the Bahn Mi Sliders and the Wild Mushroom pizza. Each one was wonderful but I think the Bahn Mi Sliders were the highlight for me. 
The space upstairs was great for seeing shows. It has a nice sized bar and a good sized standing area. The sound was great and the band was really good. 
Overall great place. I'm definitely going back.Went for brunch on Sunday of Labor Day weekend. Service was great, hostess and waitress were very friendly. Waitress continued to check up on us throughout our stay and carried friendly and inviting conversation; she also answered all questions with enthusiasm. Food was great and very filling, it took no more than 15 minutes for our food to be served, which I was surprised by due to the relatively high level of business they had at the time. Overall I thought it was an excellent brunch spot and would highly recommend to anyone looking for a hip, quaint, and delicious food spot.Grabbed a late lunch on a Sunday afternoon...glad I finally tried this place.  As with many other bars or restaurants in this neighborhood, it's a very interesting old historic building, and it seems to have aged quite well.  The menu is perfectly adequate and keeps things interesting, especially the way it's all made up in a little booklet. The bartender was very friendly, and the beer list is pretty impressive (by the quality of the selection, more so than a vast amount of choices).  It's just right.  Lastly, it's one of the few bars I'm aware of that still serves Nodding Head beer.  For that, even if everything else sucked (which it totally, absolutely didn't), I'd still give this place a good review.  In all, it's a great place; will definitely return.Had a quick brunch here before the Roots Picnic since Green Eggs Cafe had a 30+ minute wait.  What an excellent choice!  Their brunch menu was quite abundant, I was impressed!  The cocktail menu was also abundant, it really broke down the price of every individual liquor.  The best thing about the menu was that it was the book of human evolution... and the liquor options were just randomly posted on each page.  It had me cracking up!  I had a mimosa & the "special", which was a shot of some whiskey & a delicious beer (and I do NOT like beer at all).  For food, I had the Lemon Ricotta pancakes, which were HUGE and also delicious.  I enjoyed everything I had, and it came quickly.  The staff was also extremely nice and attentive.  I will go back if I am in the area!Went here for a work outing, so the group I was with was rather large. An ok place. The drinks here are really good, especially their happy hour specials and surprisingly large variety of city wide specials. The food however was just firmly 'ok', nothing to write home about. Also, the bartenders could be a bit quicker on clearing away your empty glasses. It's not a particularly wide bar, so after a drink or two, the space in front of you starts getting crowded. If you're at the bar with friends, it quickly turns into a game of trying to figure out where you can set your drink down.Was here tonight and fell in love w the decor. It just felt comfortable and interesting. 
We had draft beers, the list is well selected to speak to a variety of tastes. I'm not a cocktails person but the list was extensive and they have wine as well. All of which I felt were very fairly priced. 
Our appetizer didn't go well- I know... I know... I said 4 stars. Just listen, we ordered the mussels which came out smelling awesome. Unfortunately there were broken shells and I bit one. Our waiter Anthony immediately checked with the kitchen and a manager followed up with us to correct the order and check that I was okay (I am fine).  A disappointing start but here's where the 4 stars comes in... They handled it with grace and immediate action. Which means a lot. 
I had the fish & chips... As someone who frequents this menu item around various pubs in Philly I loved it at B&B. My Euro friends would've approved. My hubs had the pork belly Bhan Mi (spelling??) which he didn't leave a crumb of so its safe to say he was happy with it. 
They brought out another order of mussels which far surpassed the first try. Again, our waiter and a manager came to check on us. It was a welcome 2nd chance. Mistakes happen. 
I only wish I'd had room for the Zeppoli which sounded great but I was full. They made amends with us for the mussels mishap and we left very happy overall. 
I gave it a 4 bc I hope the kitchen takes extra time to make sure it doesn't happen again. I have full faith that they will correct this and we will be back again. The staff are super friendly. We had a fun conversation with our waiter and that's the personal approach I look for in a place I want to frequent. They immediately owned the mistake and corrected it. This can happen anywhere and that's the response you hope to get- they handled it with grace. 
I can't wait to try the brunch menu.I'm not one to leave reviews unless it's truly warranted. My husband has been in the hospital for the past week, so Grubhub has become my friend as I try avoiding hospital food. Today I ordered the Kale Caesar salad and their biscuits. The order arrived and the dressing was missing. Jonathan at Bourbon and Branch was beyond amazing trying to rectify the situation. He offered to pay Grubhub to come back with dressing, to which they refused. Jonathan didn't stop there. He had me re-order my salad so Grubhub would come back, and once received, he made sure BOTH salads were refunded. I'll be using Caviar going forward and deleting my Grubhub app. The salad looks fresh and I can't wait to eat it, as I got full on my biscuit (fresh and tasty) and have my salad to look forward to later. When my husband is better, we both look forward to dining in person. Customer service is everything. The only reason it wasn't 5 stars is because I haven't eaten all my food.This place was absolutely awesome! Great service and a great staff! Everyone was extremely nice and helpful. Our server Danielle was fun and upbeat. The food was so good as well! We went a few places before Bourbon & Branch and were extremely disappointed until we came here! Will definitely be visiting in the near future!Super disappointed. I had been excited to try this place since hearing how vegan friendly it is! Vegan grub and whiskey are two of my favorite things that a restaurant can offer so my hopes were high. My girlfriend and I went on a Saturday, around 3, so the brunch crew was mellowing out and it wasn't quite as busy as I imagine it gets earlier on a weekend. Sat at the bar for a bloody mary until a table opened. Bartender was attentive and made a great drink. Got seated after a short wait. The hostess was also attentive and helpful. We ordered seitan wings (they were actually the best part of the experience) and then the next time our waitress came over she took the rest of our order. We each ordered an entree and I ordered a cocktail. About 10 minutes later she came back over and asked if we wanted anything else, so we reminded her we already ordered entrees and a drink. She clearly didn't put the order in. Another 10 minutes or so went by and our food came out but still no cocktail! And we both had empty water glasses. About 5 minutes later a nice guy came over, guessing he was a manager, and I told him about my drink order (third time now!) and asked if he could grab us water. He came back over and explained another waitress grabbed my drink and took it to another table by accident (she actually came over and apologized and we laughed about it-honest mistake) he brought over my drink finally, which he said was on the house and brought us two free shots for our trouble. He was doing his best to clean up the mess. Food was ok but the vegan quesadilla didn't come with any of the dips it was supposed to but at that point we were super over it. Got the check and noticed 2 of the cocktails on it!! Called our waitress over (who never apologized about anything btw) and explained I only got one and it was supposed to be no charge. She took the check back and brought it back with 1 cocktail still on it! Finally had to just ask the bartender to fix it, which he did right away and seemed just as confused as we were as to why it was so difficult for our waitress to understand. 
Never going back again. Most ridiculous experience and I'll never cheat on Front Street Cafe again when I am over in that area. They are epic.I was here with my Family a few weeks ago and the food was excellent. Being a past chef I feel the menu is very well balanced. The drink I orderd an Old Fashioned, was incredible. I love that they use one single large square ice cube in the glass. The bartender knows what he is doing.Food is great, staff is nice, Guinness is poured terribly. And not even in a Guinness glass! Do less.Stopped in for Sunday brunch the food was excellent. Experience was great and it's a very cool place as wellThis is a great little breakfast spot. I visit at least 1 time over the weekends and if I am not working, 2-3 times during the week. Good spirits and beer selection. Vegan Options. It's a home run. Love the staff and the crowd is a great mix. They also offer a fun and very entertaining Drag Show Brunch upstairs. Lots of fun and laughs.We attended the drag show brunch this weekend. The show was fantastic and I would definitely see another show there. However the service and the food were not as good. There were 2 waitresses working both the floor and the bar. Most of the time I just went up to the bar for drinks and our order was taken half way through the show. My food was okay but next time I will just eat before I go and sit at the bar.Didn't get to try the food but the drinks are top notch. The owner (I think) was very friendly and so was the whole staff. Northern  Liberties isn't really my scene but I would never hesitate to bring someone here!I liked the decor. It's basically turning into spring outside, and it was warm and sunny where my friend and I sat. 
The Parmesan fries were pretty good. I think I've had better but they were adequate. I had the pulled pork sandwich and I was a little underwhelmed. I ate the majority of it, but it just had some flavors that were missing. I seasoned it a little more myself and it was still pretty lacking.
I had a whiskey cocktail that tasted like straight whiskey. Granted, I'm not a whiskey expert, but part of me feels like they served me whiskey on the rocks. The flavor was all whiskey.
I would give it another try though, maybe ordering a different sandwich and another cocktail.As a vegetarian, I was super excited that they had a mushroom nacho option on the menu. The description sounded great. But, sadly, they were very disappointing. The chips were not fresh, the cheese was barely melted, and the beans were hard. I've also been once before and the food wasn't memorable. I will not return.Excellent food and great service! We started off with fried pickles, house made bacon, and deviled eggs. The house made bacon was so thick and delicious! I got the Mac and cheese and it was so cheesy! We also got the family meal which was ribs, pork shoulder, wings, 2 sides, and two biscuits for $40! We couldn't finish it all because there was so much but it was absolutely delicious! I will definitely be back here again :)Introduced to this place by cousin who frequents it! Dave was great and next time in town I'll be going back! I loved the atmosphere, though the music wasn't really my thing.I am so happy we found this place! Boyfriend and I had Date Night there and we were very pleased! They had a great beer, whiskey, and cocktails menu. The cocktails are a little pricy but they were delicious and well made. I got a margarita. The boyfriend had 2 drinks that the waitress recommended and he loved it. We got 3 dishes to share: Belgium fries with a chipotle aioli dip, mussels with chorizo and lager, and the fried chicken with beer and bacon Mac and cheese. Everything was delicious and so well prepared. The only dish we wouldn't get next time is the mussels, we were disappointed there wasn't any chorizo in there but the broth was flavorful. Really impressed with this place and we'll definitely be back! It's nice they have extended happy hour on Tuesdays from  5-11pm (1/2 drafts, $5 snacks and cocktails).Every single time I come here, it doesn't matter what I order off the menu -- it's allllways amazing.  Fried pickles, pulled pork sandwich, chicken salad salad, goat cheese salad, fish tacos, veggie wrap.. The list goes on.  Bartender Adam is a gem.  Great service, amazing food, and a sweet little venue upstairs.  Whatever you do don't pass b&b up!I visited here for brunch last weekend after having been looking forward to this spot for a bit. It was a beautiful day and I was hoping to grab one of their few outdoor tables. We were able to, and luckily the only one with an umbrella. The service was good service, but a bit off. I don't expect you to be my BFF but I felt a little put off, like unfriendly. The drinks were a good start to the meal, chosen from the brunch menu. After ordering, our brunch items came out quickly. And tasted fine. Not good or great. Just fine. I left B&B with a "meh" feeling, not really planning on coming back. Then a couple hours later I wasn't feeling well, and then my husband wasn't either. So, I guess B&B left me with more than a "meh" feeling. I unfortunately don't plan on a visit again.Wow an environment I like and that fucking salad lemme tell you. If that salad was a woman I would have left her shaking in a puddle on a dirty crack hotel mattress as I light a cigarette and run out the door leaving her a hefty tip. Will return to eat that salad again.Most things are wooden, most drinks are bourbon. Get some bourbon. Bartenders are good, knowledgable, and take their time. Drinks are worth the dime. It's not very lively on the first floor, much more of a mellow setting. Upstairs is usually different.
Both times I have been here there was live music upstairs. Both times it was overly packed upstairs. Not much you can do about it, the place isn't all that big. 
Good for a drink or two.If you love yourself, get the 5 buck burger and a strong beer. The music is nice, food is soooooo good for cheap food in Philly and the atmosphere is a true escape. The bartender when I was there was truly attentive and I gotta say- I loved the "child's book drink menu" deal. The only reason I didn't rate 5 stars is because I wish there were additional cheap options- wish I could go more but a girl can really only ever eat a burger the size of her head and truffle chips a couple times a week.The drinks are great here, I'd recommend getting the ninja turtle Michael Angelo margarita... the food is good as well! Not my favorite spot for food but it's great bar food, the vegan wings were yummy and I got a cesar salad so can't really judge the food from those two but will be back to try more!The fried chicken and beer cheese Mac n cheese is insane. But for those that can't take down a half of a chicken, bowl of mac and a biscuit you should definitely do the chicken and biscuits. Perfectly cooked fried chicken breast which on its own is delicious. Put that over a fresh open faced handmade biscuit, some true southern sausage gravy (not too much, just right!!) with a sprinkling of fresh cut green onions and wow! So damn good. 
Wash it down with one of their many droughts and polish that off with a great bourbon and you are done. 
Great place. Great food. Attentive staff.Ordered the fried chicken with red beans and rice with the beer Mac and Cheese. My daughter ordered the grilled cheese and fries. Her food was fine , I mean how bad can a grilled cheese be ? My fried chicken was not so good. The oil the chicken was fried in was  obviously old and needed to be changed . The skin just tasted like old oil . Not very appetizing. Never got the red beans and rice they were omitted from my delivery order so I can't comment on them. The "beer and bacon" Mac and cheese ended up being dry flavorless Mac and cheese with a sprinkle of undercooked bacon on top, yummy. this place could be good if they took the time to do it right .. They don't .. Gave it 2 stars for quick delivery ..Great host, very welcoming. The food however could have been so much better if the chef would lay off the salt. The mac-n-cheese and fried chicken was so salty it was not edible.Ordered the Pork Belly Bahn Mi sandwich and it was not good - barely any veggies. Stars for the server manager apologizing and ensuring me the sandwich usually has more action - the sandwich was also taken off of the bill. I will definitely go back thanks to the service, great draft and cocktail list, and THE NACHOS.For bar food, it's top notch. The servers are all very genuine, and the live shows upstairs are put together better than most places in the area. 
Get ON it.First time visiting tonight..Our server was phenomenal! Attentive and so friendly. I had the chicken and waffles and it was incredible. Waffles melted in my mouth and the bourbon maple syrup was the perfect complement. Beer selection was plentiful which is always a good thing! Cannot wait to go back!All those idiots standing outside Green Eggs. For what? Walk a few yards south and check out Bourbon  & Branch. Cool atmosphere, alcohol, very sweet people working here and a superbly cooked breakfast.  Great coffee too. No crowds. I found this place accidentally a few weeks ago & love it. Check it out.Quick Review- Definitely try this unique and casual bar in northern liberties. One of those hidden gems buried in this area surrounded by plenty of mediocre but high priced places. Deals every day of the week (shout-out to the $2 taco Tuesday!) with a great atmosphere, good food and an excellent drink menu. 
In Depth Review
OVERALL- Great vibe, excellent spot!  Really tough competition with the other restaurants in this northern liberties area but I would definitely try it again in a heartbeat. Went here with my girlfriend - the two of us ate here on a Tuesday night @8pm.
ATMOSPHERE- The restaurant looks like it could be an old home. Very old-school decorations; chandelier, dim lighting, ceramic tiles, creaky staircase. There was live music when we went which was surprising for a Tuesday night. Seating was comfortable, not too loud of a place. Only 1 bathroom on the main floor , which may have been the only irritating part.
PRICE- The two of us were there for $2 taco Tuesday. Seemed to be a lot of specials at this bar which I liked to see. Not only specials but special events. I saw signs for a drag brunch, quizzo and beer yoga. They have thought of it all! One beer each and a belly full of tacos for two costed $32 before tip. Can't complain with that. Low prices for a place I wouldn't describe as a dive bar.
DRINKS- We both went with well known drafts. However there is a large drink menu so lot's of room to explore. I saw a few variations for low priced city wide specials if you're there on a night to drink.
FOOD- We ordered the three non-veg tacos (chicken, pork, fish). Would rank them in that order. They got the job done. Nothing fancy, just solid. Would definitely go back for this deal again. Prepared fast. I thought they would have a bunch of the meat pre-made so the meat would be a little old tasting but they were actually really good.
Bartender! I'll have another Bourbon (on branch)!Stopped by for a quick bite and wound up staying for a few hours. Definitely a great place to grab drinks, I recommend the sailor jerry mule. 
As for the food, I wish I tried the chicken and waffle, although the breakfast burrito was tasty and especially the biscuit with honey butter.Consistently good, never had anything I didn't like. Music on Friday nights is pretty coolThere are so many great bars in this neighborhood, but sadly this one isn't top of the rotation for me. The ambiance and look of the bar itself is great, as are the happy hour specials. BUT, I came in around 5:30 on a weekday and just found the service to be so incredibly slow. Maybe they were just short-staffed this particular day, which I'm always sympathetic towards if someone just says, "hey, thanks for your patience..." but I gave up waiting for the bartender to come take my credit card and bummed some cash off my friend so we could finally just leave. We also ordered one of the shareable plates, and it was a bit disappointing. I'd probably give this place another chance, but I'm not hurrying back or recommending it to friends any time soon.I'm giving this place a solid 5 stars. Quirky decor, great menu, full bar. How could you go wrong? Went in for brunch around 10:30am, party of 5, made a reservation as we were there for a birthday. Incredible pineapple mimosas and bloody Mary's with old bay rim, and bacon on the stirrer! LOVE! brunch menu is awesome, I got the breakfast burrito which was simple but exactly what I wanted, we ordered the shrimp and grits, waffle sandwich and 2 orders of one of the specials which was a breakfast casserole. On point! Would definitely recommend. It got busy so you should make a recommendation if you can!so. good. I go here for the vegan options while my boyfriend enjoys his chicken and regular mac n cheese!My best friend has talked this place up and down for a few months now. Surely enough, she was right! I had the banh mi sandwich with pork belly, which was wonderful, and my boyfriend got the friend chicken sandwich. That sandwich was clearly the star of the menu! We got the wings as well which were very spicy and delicious. I particularly liked their blew cheese sauce.
The best thing about this place is the staff. They are all incredibly nice, helpful, and attentive to your needs. I definitely recommend it!In a neighborhood full of great bars, Bourbon and Branch needs to stop up mightily to succeed.  Essentially, this place is a bad rip off of Jerry's only a few blocks away.
Service is pretty weak.  I have no idea why this place has a hostess, it just made the bar seem more like a diner.  The atmosphere is a good attempt, but fails overall.  The idea of a dimly lit, friendly bar is ruined by the raucous, bad music from the "venue" above.
The beer selection is acceptable, but prices are not available, anywhere.  When I asked the waitress about a beer price, I received a quizzical look and a "....um, I don't know, like maybe six dollars give or take?"  I understand beer prices being high in a prime location.  But this spot charges too much for drinks and then insults you as a customer by not letting you make the choice on whether or not to buy x drink at y price.  
Bourbon and Branch could win the award for most awkward bathroom location.  I guess it's in the same place as before, but liberties was never crowded enough to make me notice. 
The menu looks cool; but it needs to be refined.  The food here generally is good; there are still some duds on the menu.  House made potato chips compliment sandwiches well, and those are decently priced around $10.  The fried pickles are a mistake.  The oil temp in the frier is likely not as high as it should, leaving these chips a bit soggy.  Your guess is as good as mine for the weird sauce that comes on the side.
Bottom Line:  Bourbon & Branch needs a lot of changes to succeed.  Nonetheless, a lot of these are small changes.  I believe this place could succeed, but in the mean time, I suggest walking to one of the many bars within a block or two that are much better.I went for brunch with a bunch with friends.  Everyone really enjoyed their food and the atmosphere. I had the mushroom quesadillas which were delicious.  There was jazz music.  The liquor menus are priceless!!Loved it... my drink was amazing with lavender and black cardamom ... my hubbys drink was ok... she said they ran out of simple syrup and it wasn't drinkable.. so we combined them on our own.. we are easy going like that... the nachos were delish... good music .. cool people... no ego.. can't wait to check out the music upstairs next week!!What a wonderful place to accidentally stumble across. My friends and I were looking for a place to grab a quick bite while we waited for our turn at North Bowl and ended up here.
The atmosphere is very warm and cozy. I knew we had picked the right spot when we were greeted by an adorable man with a bow tie! The host is truly delightful, and I heard that he is almost always working.
The service was pretty slow, but only because the place was totally packed. Our waiter, however, was wonderful. He brought our brews out very quickly. I ended up ordering the Macaroni and Cheese--which is covered in bacon! It was absolutely delicious. The best part of the experience was when our waiter agreed to take a shot of Fireball with us! Gotta love it.
Overall, this is a bar I would definitely return to if I was in the area. It's a pretty far ride downtown for those of us in the suburbs, unfortunately!I came off the road and discovered this really fabulous pub and grub bar. What a great atmosphere!!!  A lot of friendly and hip locals, a woody old feel atmosphere and great people behind the bar. What else could you ask for? As the guy next to me was eating as he described it  "a really fabulous mac n cheese", I could not help but be inspired. Well after all I was hungry too.
So I got something typical, a simple burger and it was at the right price too. Five bucks! It wasn't just any burger but a good half pounder and it was delicious and also included sweet potato fries and had tomato and lettuce.. and was on a sweet roll
 I love going to a restaurant that honors your Divinity with a delicious burger.Nice place in the inside. It looks like an old cantina from the 40s. However, the food is not so good. I ordered ribs and they tasted of vinegar more than bbq. Good thing: great selection of bourbon (of course).This place is awesome for brunch!!! We went there after the first place we picked out was full and had a 45 minute wait in the rain!! Well we walked a bit and saw this jewel in the cold rain. We went in and as suspected the tables were full and couldn't really accommodate six people; mostly because the upstairs  was going to have a drag show. (Which is awesome on by itself).  So we sat at the bar and ordered a gaggle of drinks while we wandered the menu. Every inch of the menu we saw something we wanted. It was like a heaven for a foodie. As our second sangria came out the food came out as well. I got the buffalo popcorn chicken, because nothing helps more than bad food for a hangover. And I got a waffle breakfast sandwich. As quickly as it came out it went into my mouth, didn't even wait for it to cool a bit. As I was done licking my plate (figuratively) the troupe of drag queens came by to go upstairs. If I had more time there I would of went up there to see how it was but alas I had to waddle myself to the car to go back home (which is three hours away). If lived in that area I now know where I'll be going every other day for food and drinks. I'll definitely be back next time I'm in the area!! And just want to say the bartender that served us and the hostess: both of you were fantastic!Instead of waiting for an open table at Green Eggs for brunch, my friends and I decided to check out Bourbon & Branch, which is conveniently located next door. We were immediately seated and our server was quick to get our drink orders in. The menu is classic American brunch style; no real outstanding menu items. I had browsed other yelp reviews and ordered some of the recommended items. Our table tried the corned beef hash, fried chicken & cake, and chicken with gravy. Overall, the food was decent, but nothing really stood out. The pancakes were not fluffy or soft, which was a disappointment to our sweet-toothed friends... but their gravy has a nice creamy consistency that paired nicely with the ultra crispy chicken. The corned beef hash was a bit salty for my taste, but still was bomb with an over-easy egg sitting on top. The biscuit looked great, but had a fridge aftertaste, which was a bit of a bummer too. Overall, not the best brunch we've had, but the service was great and we adored the casual vibe of the restaurant (although two deer heads in one room is a bit much tbh...).Was seated immediately on a Sunday at 12:30 which was a nice start. The staff was really friendly. The shrimp & grits were perfection. Definitely a must order. The watermelon mimosas are really good too. Would definitely recommend. The pancakes were very dry though :(I absolutely loved my inaugural visit to Bourbon and Branch. There was no wait at dinner time on a Friday night which was a great start to the experience. The interior, though a bit cramped, was pleasant and relatively comfortable. The children's books/drink menus was a great touch and made me feel very nostalgic as the book we were given was actually one I had as a child!
Our server, Richie, was very pleasant and checked in on us just enough throughout the time we spent at our table. He had a fun sense of humor and seemed to genuinely enjoy his job (either that or he was awesome at faking it). I ordered the 4 piece fried chicken and was obsessed with it. Not too greasy, not too dry and the breading had a great taste and texture. The Mac and cheese side was out of control! If I had any room left I would have ordered more. 
Overall this was a wonderful experience and I can't wait for the next visit!This place is definitely a nice little stop! Downstairs is pretty crammed and our wait was quite lengthy. Only reason it isn't getting 5 stars is that it took 8 minutes for someone to greet us AFTER we were seated. I got a chicken sandwich and my girlfriend got a fancy grilled cheese with greens. Our booth was super tight and uncomfortable and we had literally 0 table space. But for a small place the food was definitely 8-9 out of 10. And everyone we came in contact with was quite friendly. Then we went upstairs for a small concert which they MUST have oversold for because it was literally packed. Definitely not somewhere I would go out of my way for but if something was going on there I wouldn't mind popping back in!Food was amazing. I got the grilled cheese on challah bread, added egg and bacon and it was phenomenal. I was seriously considering ordering another one. Place felt tiny but the atmosphere was nice. The live band they had playing was great too. Our waiter was hilarious and awesome. I wish I was local cause I'd probably be back over and over again.First off, finding parking is atrocious. Your best bet is to Uber/Lyft, walk, or taxi. You'll be circling surrounding blocks a couple times in hopes that street parking MIGHT open up.
Came in on a busy Sunday night around 7pm. The place was packed, but it could have been due to a band playing upstairs as well as the table of 10-15 people that the waitress knew and wanted to give her full attention to. Cool decor, the photos on Yelp are pretty accurate and not misleading. After about 10 minutes of waiting, server came over and asked what we wanted (no welcome or hello, just a "did you decide what you wanted?"). I had a Basil Hayden's and my girlfriend ordered a "Said and Done" cocktail. After about another 10 minutes, our drinks came out, and received a Basil Haydens and a Branch and Stormy, not the original drink we ordered. Tasted like straight gasoline. Gross. (The bill at the end of the night said "Said and Done" on it, so not sure if the server messed up, or the bar just made the wrong drink.
I ordered the Chicken Parm with pasta as well as the fried Mozzarella and my girlfriend ordered the Vodka Penne Pasta. Food was quick to deliver, accurate and absolutely delicious. Server never came around for drink refills or to ask how everything was. The manager noticed our glasses were bone dry and offered a refill. Once we paid the bill, our served just said a "sorry about that" to us, not really referring to what she was sorry about. Weird.
Overall, it's a place that has fantastic food, but the service was quite a bit lacking. With all the great restaurants in Center City Philly, the food wasn't enough to save the service issues, so we most likely wont be returning. Bummer...was hoping this could be a new spot, just not the experience or vibe we would come back for.Went to Bourbon & Branch for a quick dinner. Had a bad start to the meal when the silverware and cups given were very dirty, food was still on the forks. The French fries were delicious but the entrees mediocre at best. The Grilled Chicken in the stir fry was inedible. There are better options in this area.This was our second time here. This first my wife and I had dinner. That was a few months ago. I can't really remember what we had, I just remember it was good. 
Today we came for brunch. Looking to go to green eggs cafe. The wait was over a half hour so we figured lets go to the place we had dinner at. I'm very glad we did service was great. A little mix up with grits instead of home fries. Which they fixed in about 30 seconds. The lumberjack scrambler was amazing. Best biscuits and gravy I've ever had. (And I lived in the south for four years). If your in the area I would deffinatly recommend bourbon and branch.One of my favorite spots in Philly! My girlfriend and I are here all the time either to eat or see a show. I can't recommend the ribs or the buffalo chicken sandwich enough, but everything that I've had is great. The service is always super super friendly too.great upgrade to the restuarant that used ot be there before. affordable and delicious food and drink specials. It's also not super crazy busy if youre trying to watch sports."Mediocre bar food" - Paige.  This was ordered through grub hub. We got 1/2 our food. $50 out of $100. The restaurant forgot half our meals. They said they would bring the food... then they called...decided that we needed to call grubhub ourselves and then when grubhub was contacted the drivers shift was over. Which means we need led to go pick up our own food.  Bourbon can suck it. Your food ain't that good anyway.  I DO NOT RECOMMEND!..
The first owner that has ever contacted me and actually apologized. That merits a star increase :)I initially tried this place because Green Eggs was too crowded. I had the shrimp and grits. The food, atmosphere and service were awesome! I've been back three times and while everything was perfect, I found myself swatting flies throughout my meal. I:-( Fresh food, great service, but please hold the flies!My friend was playing in a band here that's why I went.  Mixed reviews, an unimpressive website, I was not expecting much.  But WOW!!  The interior is warm and full of cool antiquey stuff- the bar, the ceiling, the huge mirrors, the stairs, the bench seats, the lamps, the doors.  Cool music downstairs that sounds good.  And then the food- that was a surprise as well.  The seafood chowder blew us away -hands down- THE best chowder we've ever had.  So fresh tasting.  The band plays upstairs in a separate room & you cannot hear it downstairs at all, which makes a nice setup.
OK, I kinda went off there... so much for short & sweet.
Restaurant Quest #42Wow, we loved this place! It looked like a regular European bar and the inside was decorated just like one, but we were so pleasantly surprised by the variety of vegan options! I suppose it makes sense given its hip location in Philly. The choices were almost overwhelming. We ordered some seitan wings to share and they were delicious. I especially loved the spiciness and the great texture. The highlight was definitely the creamy, tangy vegan ranch that came with it.
I ordered the banh mi veggie burger and it did not disappoint. The patty itself was not dry like many vegan ones, and the bite had a chewy spring that I really appreciated. The slaw topping was sweet and fresh and definitely highlighted the contrasting flavors of the burger. Did I mention the huge portions? The dish was more than filling and the generous portion of shoestring fries that came with the burger was crunchy and salty, just how I like them. Possibly the best part was the meal was the mystery beers we ordered (for only 3 dollars!). They were super unusual (coffee flavored?) and certainly not a beer I would have chosen, so it was such a fun experience. Also I suspect that they were definitely worth at least double the price we paid.
Service was good and although there was a 15 minute wait, we really didn't mind since we enjoyed taking in the scene and people watching. I believe they don't take reservations for dinner (or on weekends). I'll definitely be coming back, if only to try a new set of mystery beers!Saw a mouse run across the bar. Went over to he group of employees standing by the end of the bar and told them, one of them told me he was aware there was a mouse but they couldn't catch it with the mouse traps they set up. He called me a c*nt as I walked back to my barstool.
They comped our drinks and gave us a $20 gift certificate but I can't say I'm rushing to go back when they've got a mouse running behind the glasses on the bar and they seem to have given up on getting rid of it since their traps didn't work. The treatment from the bar staff didn't help.This place is friendly on the outside and dark mysterious on the inside. Don't let it dissuade you. 
It's got an old timey, swanky but serious vibe. Wednesday's are half off whiskey which fits with its vibe SO well. 
Their food is delicious and vegan friendly. The real standout is the vegan wings. They are the absolute best I have had in philly. The texture is on point, the serving size, the taste. All dank. 
I pretty much go there just for those.Very attentive and friendly bartenders. Awesome wings. Great place with friendly people. My brown boyfriend says " thank you come again".It was good!! I got the breakfast burrito which was okay. The service was definitely four stars our waitress was super nice and welcoming!!! The nachos were definitely point though. We got the fried pickles which I am not a huge fan of but the sauce that came with it was super yum! Love that they have Sriracha!!!Came to grab a quick bite with a friend. The ambiance was ok, but not impressive. This place reminded me of a regular neighbor bar. The service was ok. The food was nothing to write home about. The waitress raved about the wings, but they were not that great. My friend had wings and I had the chicken sandwich. The chicken sandwich was dry. We also tried the deviled eggs. The best thing on the menu was the deviled eggs.During lunch time, I stood at the bar for 30 minutes or so waiting for a drink. I came to this place looking to spend money and in a very good mood. I never once was asked by the bartender what I wanted to drink. Finally, not at all angry, I decided to get the bartender's attention by asking for a beer in a bit louder tone. Again, I don't think it was inappropriate or overly loud or aggressive. The bartender proceeded to lecture me on my tone, and told me that I was being rude for yelling. This really pissed me off. I decided to talk to the manager, who seemed nice and reasonable and offered me a free beer. However, he never returned with a beer.
Place looks nice, but the service is rather horrible. Like I said, I came to that bar in a great mood, looking to eat lunch and buy some drinks. I would have easily spent $40.00. But due to horrible and rude service, they got none of my money and a shitty review on Yelp instead.