I haven't been here in a few years, but I see they have managed to maintain good quality staff who are friendly.  We yelpers know this is a rare trait today in the service industry.  From what I remembered - they have cool happy hour specials each day and when I was there - I see this continues.  
As stated, the service is friendly and they are prompt.  I like the outdoor seating during the sea on.  I like the price points and the food is consistently good.  If you haven't tried it yet - give them a go - you don't have to wait for restaurant week either because they offer a Prix-Fixe menu on Mondays and Tuesday for $25.00 - that's a good deal.I just went to Bourbon Blue for New Years Eve 2010. My boyfriend and I had six guests from out of town staying with us and we were looking for a good deal for New Years Eve in Manayunk. We paid $60 pp for a ticket that included 4 hours open bar, and a $20 gift card to use in the future. Overall their New Years Eve party was good. Downstairs got a little crowded (since I don't think they had a DJ upstairs until later in the night). The bartenders were a little strict about drink limits but seemed to relax as the night went on. If we went back next year I would buy one of the cheaper New Years tickets. Everyone else seemed to get exactly the same thing that we did at the higher ticket price (with the exception of the gift cards). 
Brunch - We went back a couple days later for brunch to use our $20 gift cards and everyone was pleased with the food. I had the Eggs Benedict with the crab cake and I will definitely be back to have that again!The Alligator Quesadillas & the filet beef tips were fantastic. Very spicy. The service was quick and efficient and friendly. Thank you Samantha. We will come there again!"Happy hour here is amazing. For dinner they often do live music and on nice days you can sit outside overlooking the canal. The filet tips appetizer is AMAZING and we order it every time we go. Their burger is delicious. I'm not a big fan of their gumbo and jambalaya - I just don't think they have enough spice/flavor. It's a great place for a date night or for eating outdoors.Bourbon blue is a nice break from the rest of the main street bar and restaurant scene. There are still some of the inevitable annoyances that come with the area like limited parking and occasional loud crowds as it gets later on friday and saturday nights, but come on people what do you expect? Its manayunk and you are going to run into these problems anywhere you go.
I do find on average it is quieter than most bars/ restaurants in manayunk. Whether this is because its located off of main street or the fact its a high price range than many of the other hot spots I don't know. The atmosphere is pretty low key and is good for a date or just hanging out with a small group of friends.
The food and drinks are delicious! I often go with friends open friday because of their all you can eat ribs and snow crab special. Even though the dealing is amazing and the ribs and crab are delicious I still have to get the Chesapeake chicken, which is to die for! the bar tenders are awesome and they have a decent range of craft beers. My friends go for the hurricanes, very similar to the drinks the serve on bourbon street (I believe they have a limit because of the high amount of alcohol per drink)
Overall though, a must try restaurant in manayunk for american food and drinks with a bit of cajun flare.Had a horrible experience on New Year's Eve. My group spent over $400 on the 3 course dinner and open bar tickets ($100 a piece). However, were treated like walk-ins. DESPITE 9:30 pm reservations, we (group of 4) were not seated until 10:45 pm. In fact, upon arrival we were greeted by the hostess telling us that "our" table was not clear because the previous parties had not cleared the table yet. Cut to 10:20 pm when we finally asked to speak to the manager, who greeted our concern with intent looks of exasperation. We were offered cocktail tables in bar area as a solution - which, obvious was unreasonable considering how crowded the bar area was getting. Finally, seated at a proper table by 10:45 pm. You would think the manager would offer some words of kindness or extend an extra courtesy, right? Well, no. Shame on him. 
The open bar was not too shabby. No premium liquor included, however. Here's the kicker: you could not order anything "on the rocks". Instead, you would have to opt for "neat" because apparently ice was too much to ask for IN your drink. Not too bad, though. I'll just order a cup of ice to go with it. Problem solved. 
Everything about this place was unorganized and I will not return, EVER. I could have been treated worse for less money and felt better about it. I will forever recall the manager's reaction to us and find it hard to believe he is responsible for running a business...let alone on NYE. It's unfortunate because the food was good and by other reviews it seems the happy hour is pretty decent.We recently ate at Bourbon Blue during Manayunk's Restaurant Week. Started off right with nightly drink special, ($5 house Martinis), and bruschetta. Entrees were all good, Jambalaya, Southern fried chicken with gravy, and Creole Caprese pasta with blackened chicken. Liked our server too. Only downside was we were seated next to a table with a very large and noisy party. Would recommend you give it a try.We bumped into this place by chance! Its a gem in the rough! Love the filet mignon appetizer. It was tender and juicy. I can eat three or four of them. The gumbo Yaya was a steal for five bucks! And the jambalaya was to die for!!!
We'll definitely come back for the half price happy hour!!!My boyfriend and I come here occasionally. So this review is from my experience over the span of a year & some change. The service is usually pretty bad, some times to the point where we say we wouldn't go back. But living in Manayunk leaves your options pretty slim. The bartenders are mostly awful. The red head is always miserable looking. And guy who is usually bartending with her is really bad. He will ignore you trying to get his attention while he holds conversations with other customers. Also, he will very obviously grab or slap the red head bartender's ass right in front of everyone. And since she never smiles I can't tell if she's happy about it or not. But it's incredibly unprofessional and frankly, sexual harassment. So, he's a creep. Now onto the food- it's ok. It's overpriced. They have two vegan options: a salad, or sweet potatoe fries. (Insert the emoticon of me shooting myself). Last night when I was there, they were out of veggie burgers. Awesome. When I was just vegetarian and not vegan, there were obviously a few more options, but not much. And risotto for $18?! And that's without adding any of the protein up charges. My boyfriend eats meat so he can order anything. He loves the filet tip sandwich and a couple other things. Overall, I don't enjoy going here simply because, just like the rest of Manayunk (for the exception of Couch Tomato & Taqueria), there are awful options for people who don't eat meat! This really should be addressed. We (veggie lovers) spend money too!First time here met a friend for drinks and a bite to eat. Nice place, trendy, clean not a large menu. But, enough to find something to eat. Also not as Cajun as I had hoped. Good to fair beer selection on tap n bottles. The service was first class and our server was very polite and attentive. ThanksMy party decided to find seafood at another restaurant only due to the limited seafood on their menu but Olivia our waiter was superb. She was very down to earth and attentive. The drinks were great. I'll be back for sure .This is place is always a favorite of mine in Manayunk! My partner and I ate there this evening and the drinks/food was fantastic. We both got Moscow mules which were really good. They have a nice seating area outside over looking the canal and it's an over all welcoming and great experience. I recommend this place to family and friends when they are visiting town!You know how they say "you never get a second chance to make a first impression?" That's this place. Went here for Paint night.
I walked up to the reception / check in girl not sure what she is exactly. She was carrying on a personal conversation with what seemed like a frequent customer . She looked up when she saw my party then continued to laugh and joke with him. We waited . Meanwhile the bartender looks up at us then her ....she continues . After about a minute another couple joined in line behind us and the conversation continued. Eventually we ask the bartender to direct My party to paint night . He does so. She is still talking. Luckily for the couple behind us they were going the same way.
I had a lot of things run through my head like perhaps we weren't the right shade because we certainly got treated like 2nd class people. So I won't be returning for paint night and definitely not to spend money in this establishment .Food was good, ambiance is amazing and the staff couldn't be more friendly. I liked the outdoor seating here.  I'll be coming here often!Cheese steak egg rolls are soooo good here. Food is pretty good. Probably best happy hour is manayunk.Unlike most people who like to stay inside their cozy homes during a snowstorm, my bf and I love to venture out and enjoy the empty stores and restaurants and less cars on the road. Yesterday was no exception. We decided to go for brunch at Le Bus in Manayunk, but there was a wait, so I suggested we check out Bourbon Blue instead.
The place was empty alright, but that suited us fine. Thankfully, it was warm inside, but a little drafty near the windows. We loved the decor of the restaurant.
We both decided to go with the Crabcake Benedict. I also ordered tea, and was surprised to find out that they didn't offer herbal tea. MOST of the brunch spots we go to do have a nice selection of teas. I went with plain old Lipton tea, and my bf had coffee.
When our food came, it looked delicious. After the first bite, we discovered it WAS delicious, however it was ICE COLD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  On a cold day, the last thing I want to eat is cold eggs.  I called the waitress over, and asked if our food could be warmed up. She told me,"Unfortunately, we don't have a microwave, so we would have to make the whole entree over again."  Seriously?? What restaurant in this day and age doesn't have a microwave?
We toyed with the idea for a minute as she went to find a manager, and decided we didn't really want to wait another 20 minutes for our order.  The waitress returned a minute later without a manager, but said they would make the order over. We told her not to bother, and ate the ice cold meal anyway. We also ordered a pumpkin pancake which was also very good, but again.... COLD.
For the life of me, I can't figure out how our food had a chance to get cold when there was only 2 other tables of guests in the place.   Very disappointing.  Too bad... because if it was warm, that would have been one of the best Crabcake Benedicts I have ever had.  The hollandaise sauce was just right, and my eggs were cooked to perfection. The potatoes were delicious, and my pancake was fantastic, in spite of its iciness.
Overall, we decided we like Bourbon Blue, but we won't go there again on a cold day. I won't do cold eggs again, sorry! By the way, I would have given Bourbon Blue a 4, possibly a 5, if my food was even a tad bit warm.Went here for the last day of Manayunk Restaurant Week with a couple friends while we visited Philly for the first time. We loved it!!! Our server (Simon was his name, I think?) was awesome, answered all of our questions, and checked in on us in between courses. I got the Brie and onion tartlets, Southern fried chicken with spinach and mashed potatoes, and brownie sundae for my three courses, with a glass of Rosè, all for $35. Great deal! The tartlets were amazing (my favorite part of the meal), the chicken was perfectly done, and the brownie sundae was awesome. Drink was great too! Would definitely come here again!Went here for brunch. Seemed like a cool place in the middle of Manayunk and I'm sure it's a fun bar scene but do not go for the food. They do have some authentic cajun menu items, but the execution and service were abysmal. Menu descriptions were misleading and special requests were ignored. We had a fly in our water and asked for another glass, the second glass we received had debris in it.
If I could give this zero stars I would.My family and I have come to Bourbon Blue for years to take advantage of their Tuesday night half priced pub menu. Our kids love it, and my wife and I get to have something of a night out on the cheap. They have a good beer selection, and the wait staff are super friendly. To this day when we occasionally run into one of them on the street they still remember us!Bourbon Blue is a tough read for Manayunk. Expensive food prices but great drink specials keeps this place in a strange niche on Main Street. I've gotten absolutely trashed here with my friends but it's kind of weird and quiet in there.
There are better restaurants/bars in the area, definitely keep Bourbon Blue low on the pecking order.The building was beautiful and attracted us there. It turned out to be all facade and no substance. The food was second rate at best. And very expensive. We will not return.Generally, I like bourbon blue but it can get a bit pricey and the rules to the drink specials can get a bit ridiculous, like in the summer the bar specials cannot be served outside on the deck, which just doesn't seem right. Otherwise, they are very helpful with gluten free menu options and have some good drink specials.I really like Bourbon Blue.  The food is good.  They have a good drink selection and their cocktails are excellent.  The service varies in attentiveness, but they're always friendly and accommodating.The best part about Bourbon Blue is definitely the location - in between main st Manayunk and just off of the canal path.  My husband and I visited for lunch and went for a beautiful stroll afterwards.  We were seated outside and had a view of the canal, and the gorgeous weather made for a great brunch. 
The food was alright.  They didn't have any specials that knocked my socks off so I stuck with a brunch favorite - buttermilk pancakes.  I opted for add ons of strawberries and chocolate chips to give them a little something extra.  The strawberries were clearly frozen, not fresh and there were so few of them I actually had to go searching through the stack to see if they had forgotten them.  The pancakes tasted fine, but it definitely was not worth the $5 they charged me to do the add-ons :(  
Overall, the experience was alright but I'll probably keep searching for brunch spots in the area.To all those who have had authentic cajun food: This is the closest Yankee version I've found.  The jambalaya tasted pretty much the same as the jambalaya in the bayou area. Seriously. The cornbread left something to be desired but it's free cornbread and my southern ways can't argue with that. 
Sit outside if you can.  If it's really, really humid and over 95 degrees it'll feel just like you're on Bourbon street down in N'awlins. If it's more temperate you'll LOVE the view !
I ordered the pomegranate margarita pitcher on Monday for $15.  Totally worth it. Followed this up with a Cucumber-Collins...Holy bajesus! I wish I could get a pitcher of those! Gin and I have some issues but if you can tolerate gin in a well made cocktail (the ONLY way I can drink it) then you gotta try this.Wellll...I do declare that the Voodoo Shrimp at this here joint is mighty fine. Its spice is just 'nuf to make a crocodile legitimately smile.
No, but seriously, the Voodoo Shrimp itself is spectacularly spicy in that sort of Cajun way with very subtle undertones of smoked chili peppers. Shrimp swimming in spicy sauce broth? Yes'm.
The cornbread is southern style, which means it's more savory than sweet. And the Chipotle whipped butter that is served along with it and some awkwardly square but-oh-so-quintessential buttermilk biscuits is pretty much spoon-in-your-mouth good...if it were acceptable to eat butter with a spoon anyhow.Brunch was surprisingly good! The crabs eggs Benedict was delicious...and the potatoes were nice and crispy.  They have an awesome Bloody Mary bar that you can load up in olives, horseradish, pocketed, pepperoni, the list goes on.Great meal. Nice open atmosphere . Pleasant service. Crab cakes and Jambalaya was what we had ordered. We would come back if in the area.I recently landed here because all of the other brunch spots were closed or not serving brunch on NYE. I've enjoyed the food on my previous visits, but I can't say the same about this one. My drink (some kind of cider with honey) & the hot chocolate was awesome! The calamari tasted good, as usual. However, the pancakes were kind of dry as were the potatoes. And never had I had turkey sausages that had absolutely no taste. The eggs were just ok, but had I known that the cheese was gonna be on top I would've asked to have it mixed in. It's safe to say that for me BB is a good lunch/dinner & drinks spot.We have been to Bourbon Blue in the past for happy hour and after today's visit we realized why it's been so long between visits. Service was good and staff was pleasant but the hot garbage they are spinning out of that kitchen leaves a lot to be desired. Today's breakfast consisted of French Toast and their Southern Benedict. French toast was awful and dry and the Southern Benedict tasted like it was a Jimmy Dean microwaveable breakfast. Needless to say an unwanted colon cleanse followed this meal within 30minutes .I have proof (as verified by my credit card statements) that I spent over 500 dollars at Bourbon Blue over the course of 13 months. I always hand them my bourbon blue rewards card. When I questioned why I had only 200ish reward points (listed on my receipt), my waitress got the manager. He looked into it and said that's all I had, and he'd credit me 50 pts. I've never redeemed them and have all my receipts/credit card statements. Rewards program is a scam. Pretty sure the manager didnt like my yelp review and screwed with my rewards as that's the only logical explanation I can find. 
We had the bruschetta during this visit. Not good - too much vinegar. 
Overall so disappointed in this business. This was my favorite happy hour and the food used to be amazing! I had my grad party here when I finished grad school. Too bad it's been downhill from then.We did the office party here at it was a great experience. Service was excellent drinks were flowing. Beer selection wasn't amazing but was decent enough. The food was soooooo good. Cute place tucked away on a side street. Would definitely go back.Naturally with a name like Bourbon Blue, I was drawn to the whiskey menu. To my disappointment, there were no prices listed. The selection varies so greatly that the price per shot could be upwards of 100 bucks for something like johnnie walker blue label. I asked the waitress and she had to leave the table to check the computer for each individual price. Instead of wasting time, I just ordered jack Daniels cause I knew generally what the price would be. I'd hate to order something and find out it was 30 dollars a shot or more.Got the crab cakes and calamari. Both were not that great. Crab cakes have a weird taste and with some bland mashed potatoes and mixed veggies for $24 I wouldn't return. Nothing Cajun about this restaurant at all & I'm from New Orleans so I know. Service was great!!! And they have good happy hour specials for apps. So if I go again it'll b during happy hour. Also, valet was free on Monday night so that's a plus bc parking is a pain in manayunk. The food : 1 star, everything else, valet and service was great. So I gave it a 2.To expensive for what is served for dinner. If you are looking to experience New Orleans cuisine or have a feel for seafood dishes look elsewhere because you will spend big bucks on meals here and won't be satisfied. I ordered the paella seafood dish. The rice had the taste of boxed rice and it had 3 pieces of shrimp in it with no other seafood. I am not a cook type of person but I  could have made something better with boxed rice,seasoning, and a bag of seafood pieces. My husband had the snapper or some type of fish. His entire meal was bland. Their food is almost like fast food style ex. Boston Market but they charge big bucks. Actually I can't even say that because Boston Market has way more flavor at least. It just want worth it. I was very disappointed that my "New Orleans" experience was not what I hoped it would be.The food is good and you can get away from the normal Manayunk crowd. This place is tucked back off the street near the river and a hidden gem for happy hour. Half off the bar menu and drinks every weekday. If you got for the first time try the Alligator quesadilla you won't be disappointed.This spot is absolutely beautiful and the food was very good! The menu options are not overwhelming - however, aren't as "New Orleans" as I had hoped. It would be nice to have seen a menu with only options one would find in The South, but at least it was tasty!Went here a couple times just getting around to writing a review. The food is awesome the servers are great. Nice place to relax and enjoy your date. Love itTalk about happy hour prices that cannot be beat! I recently discovered Bourbon Blue, right off main Street manayunk and along the canal! The place is huge and has a great food and drink selection! During happy hour the appetizers were $5! This please is kind of like a little hidden gem! They also have live music! Will for sure be going back!I can't tell you how much I was looking for to Restaurant week so I can have dinner at this place. Well, it was an epic fail. It started from when I sat down and asked the waiter about the drink specials and he looked at me like deer in headlights. Once the entire party was at the table, drinks were ordered and of course, they were wrong. Once again, the fault of the waiter. I said, we need free drinks after an experience like this. Of course he completely ignored me and when he returned to the table...he told me he ignored me (reduction of tip). 
So of course we order the restaurant week special (chicken/shrimp with Grits). Chicken was dry as hell and the grits were as stiff as a shirt with extra starch. By this time, we were done.  The food was awful, the wait staff sucked and the managerial staff was useless!  
I will say, I thoroughly enjoyed my cheesesteak eggrolls!  But that surely doesn't make up for all of the other epic fails!The first thing I noticed about this place was that they had a large and impressive bar. Having served at a bar myself, I envied the bartender for having so much space to get around -- my assumption is that they can handle a crowd. Given the space, they consequently had a huge selection of drink fixins. The food was good. The menu was very clear and descriptive, especially for the cocktails. Our server was really sweet and attentive. When we couldn't figure out which beers to get, he knew a good amount about the selection to help us pick. I think the owner/manager checked in on us as well, which was a nice touch; shows they care. The cocktail was very latently boozy, which I appreciated since that's what I get a cocktail for -- nothing worse than just getting sugar water. Maybe I'll come back in warmer weather to enjoy their deckDecent food, a good atmosphere, and a great dessert!
I've eaten at Bourbon a few times and have always received friendly service regardless of how busy it may or may not have been.  The food is above the average bar food and everything has a hint of Ne Orleans spice.  The creme brulee earned this place a star by itself!
This place is good for brunch or dinner and also has an decent crowd for the evenings.  However, remember about the $5 cover after 10 PM (at least on Saturdays).I've been here twice. First time we sat inside and the service was great. The second time we were outside and the service was extremely slow, our waitress kept disappearing. The food is good and they have a great drink menu.Cool spot to check out, drinks are reasonably priced. Nice atmosphere with outdoor seating. Live musicBourbon Blue is solid. Nothing amazing. But nothing bad either. My girlfriend and I visited a few months ago. We shared the alligator quesadilla, which was tasty. For entrees we ordered a burger and the mahi tacos. My girlfriend enjoyed the burger and the fish tacos were...decent. Nothing really impressed me. But I would come back for a decent meal since I live so close. A little pricey though.What happened to Bourbon Blue?!? We ate here several times in the past and the dinner was great, although the service was only okay. Went with some friends for lunch today - what a disaster! The service was deplorable. It took 20 mins to get some warm beer and a few watered down cocktails. The food was just pathetic, (especially considering their high prices) some was undercooked, some overcooked and nothing had much flavor or seasoning. Three of us were served our food and the fourth member of our party had to wait an additional 15 mins for her food. Some of our food had to be sent back to the kitchen. The waitress simply could not have cared less. All in all an awful experience.I was having a great time until I saw a mouse run across the floor - after I had already paid and my uber was outside. I have NEVER seen a rodent in a restaurant; that's not to say it's the only place ever to have them but I certainly have never witnessed them with my own two. The restaurant was pretty quiet - Tuesday night. We were the only people in the dining area after a group of two left. We sat in the corner, and the mouse probably thought it had the entire place to itself. 
I do not recommend, and I will not return.The cocktails were delicious, but the food was just OK. We shared the cheesesteak eggrolls and the alligator quesadilla but didn't love either one, especially since you can find something else on Main Street for similar quality and less money. They have a good beer selection, but so do a lot of other places that can also provide better food! We'll probably go back since we live in the neighborhood and we love sitting outside, but it's not somewhere I'd consider a "must visit."Love this place!  Stopped by Bourbon Blue for my fifth time and I am never disappointed. The food is amazing, the appetizers/small plates, are always delicious and flavorful. The entrees I have chosen have been exquisite.  We love the venue itself.  It has a flair about it - a place to unwind either at the bar area, outside deck overlooking the canal, or table-side. Another item to note - the staff are wonderful. Always professional and very friendly.  If you have an opportunity to stop by, please be sure to do so. I believe you will want to come back again and again.Good staple in the Manyunk Main St area. Bourbon Blue sits along the canal and offers a nice deck to sit on which is perfect for brunch. Bourbon Blue offers a solid menu and offers a ton of delicious items. Nice sized bar, good happy hour, and daily specials. Bourbon Blue is one of the long time standing restaurants in Manayunk and defiantly worth a visit.This place used to be 5 stars but lately it's gonna down hill. The service is bad and there is always something wrong with the food. The last 4 times I've been here there's always spent hit that put me off. I'm not one to complain so writing a review is rare for me.Just off main street Manayunk this is a solid bar.  It actually can be a little forgotten since it's not directly on Main St. It has a great Happy Hour menu and is also good for brunch. It's a safe place to bring parents visiting in town but also throws down on Friday and Saturday nights, which makes it pretty versatile.Words cannot describe my feelings for this place!! Came her with my two girl friends...one was out of town from DC...we sat at the bar and was about to order,  when a huge ROACH was scurrying across the floor....I was in true shock. ..it was sad cause my girlfriend from DC saw it also...Needless to say we never ordered anything and left...Great place! I've dined here for brunch, happy hour and dinner. I've also held two private events here in the private dining space. The private dining space is intimate and has a cozy, rustic look and feel. The staff is friendly and accommodating and the food and drinks are very good. Melissa is wonderful to work with and has gone above and beyond to make my events special. I would highly recommend this restaurant, you won't regret it.Amazing food, service, and ambience! Will definitely be back!! I ordered the breakfast skillet and it was great. Other people in my party ordered the Crab Benedict and loved it.The service was slow and the food lacked an authentic Louisiana/southern taste. Tasted liked someone purchased flavoring packets from the supermarket and threw them on everything in the kitchen.Good food and drinks (when you can get them).  This place has the most awful set- up ever! They used to be able to handle more than 40 people when they allowed patrons downstairs but the upstairs is crowded and annoying and completely ruins the experience.  The hostess and wait staff aren't that great at their jobs and aren't necessarily respectful.  This place used to be a good spot but i would not return during a time when it might be crowded, which is a lot since they closed the downstairs.If you come to Bourbon Blue and you aren't told it's a Cajun restaurant beforehand, you'll enjoy it. 
If you're looking specifically for Cajun, you'll get a decent interpretation of it but there are other joints that are the real deal. Also this is a little more expensive than those other places.
My fiancee and I went there with a couple friends recently because we were catching up and in the mood for something that wasn't just pub grub so we decided on Bourbon Blue. The host (we'll call him D'Artagnan) wasn't necessarily the most inviting person. I had made a reservation for us and my one friend go there first, so I told him to grab the table for us. D'Artagnan just looked at him and said "okay" and didn't do anything. Once the rest of us arrived he said it'd be a second while our table was being cleaned, then walked to the back of the restaurant for about 10 minutes while more people started walking in. The rest of the night I watched him slink back and forth from his station to the back near the kitchen where he would stay for minutes on end not really hosting too hard.
The food was decent. Having been to NOLA before I know having food down there is not the same as up here, but even then it was just an okay stab. For bar food though, I give it a good solid B+. Their gator po' boy is a less messy version of a po' boy but still decently tasty. The cajun fries didn't taste too seasoned though. 
Overall, our server was nice and I can't complain about the beer selection. The thing about Manayunk is that it's a nicer college town main drag, so to sum it up this place is great as a great bar with great pub food.My husband and I came in for happy hour.  While we would never return for Brunch or Dinner due to several poor experiences, we decided to give happy hour a try.  We ordered the cheesesteak eggrolls, the calamari and the wings.  All great!!  The $5 wine was perfect for me and my husband enjoyed a $6 martini or two.  What shocked me was that I ordered a Caesar salad to off-set all the bad food we ordered :-)  The salad was $8.50.  Based on that price, I assumed that it wasn't a dinner sized salad but at least a side/small plate salad.  When the salad came out, the bowl had 7 pieces of lettuce, 3 croutons and a small dish of dressing.  I confirmed with the bartender that it was the salad I saw on the menu and he said yes....we immediately said "No Thank You."  I had eaten one crouton and while attempting to not break my teeth due to its hardness, I politely handed the salad back to the bartender and said we would not be paying for the salad.  He seem irritated, but did redeem himself and remained friendly for the remainder of our stay.  So, in summary, while the happy hour specials and food are decent, I really don't see myself going out of my way to come back.Love this place.  The food is amazing and the service is great! Cheese steak eggrolls are so good.  They have decent drink specials for happy hour and the happy hour is later too so convenient for people who work later. 
The brunch on the weekends is great too....they have a crab cake Benedict that is awesome. 
Ask for "the mike" shot, you won't regret it!! Tastes greatDecided to visit Bourbon Blue for "Sunday Funday" and I am really happy we stopped by. The bar was fairly empty when we arrived around 4:30 pm but that did not bother us. If you are looking to hang out and watch the games or meet up with friends I would definitely check out Bourbon Blue on Sundays. They had a nice special of $3 Blue Moon. It was a nice quick stop on our bar hop that day!I used to LOVE THIS PLACE!!! My wife and I  would come here for Brunch, and at least a dinner or two every week then we had a kid and that all stopped, but recently we decided that Tuesday, or Thursday, every week we would get a baby sitter and go have dinner out together. The first two weeks we came to Bourbon Blue for the Happy Hour. It is good food and their half off bar menu is great . Then this happened. We came in at 445 and told the staff we would like to eat outside for the happy hour (which we knew started at five) we placed our orders at 457 and stated we were ordering off the happy hour menu. We ate and had a drink. Then got the bill. Of course they put it all in at full price. I have tried to contact Bourbon Blue and talk to them about our visit and have gotten no reply, it is sad because now I won't go back and this could have been our weekly date night spot.Went here for a friends birthday party.  I assume the birthday party food was catered by the restaurant and everything that we had was really good.  I would like to come back and try the restaurant out next time I am in Philly.Since my original complaint was about service, I do feel I need to give an update.  After reading my review, the owner of Bourbon Blue reached out to me and offered to give me a gift certificate for a dinner for two to make up for my bad experience.  I really appreciated that and I gladly accepted.  
Last week my boyfriend and I redeemed the gift certificate and had a great experience.  The food was good: I had the fish tacos which have a great chipotle taste and he had the jambalaya, which he said was spicy and good.  The bread was also very delicious.  The service was excellent: both our server and the manager on duty went out of their way to make sure we had a good time.  Our drinks were promptly filled and they even talked to us about the beers on the menu.  As beer buffs, we really appreciated that.  Food came out in a timely manner this time, as well.  
I was really impressed with the effort they went to to change my mind.  So, Bourbon Blue...you have redeemed yourself and I will return in the future!went yesterday for easter dinner with the mrs.  we stopped at the bar and had a couple of drinks and asked if there were any dinner specials for the holiday.  the owner happened to be standing by us and mentioned that he had lamb chops in the back they were making, so the wife ordered those, and i asked if he had ham, he said he did and if that's what i wanted he would cook it up for me......let me tell you, brendon went beyond helpful....the meal was OUTSTANDING, the mrs. claims they were the best lamb chops she has ever had, and she tries them everywhere....they came with a side of rissoto and glazed carrots, rissoto was perfect....my ham came out 2 thick cut pieces....covered with a honey glaze with raisin and pineapples     DELICIOUS   side of mashed potato's and glazed carrots.... our waitress Brittany couldn't have been anymore professional....  started out just going out for a typical easter dinner turned out to be one of the best ever   also had calamari for an appetizer and also was very good, i just cannot say enough good things about bourbon blue     truly one place i can tell you if you don't see what you want on the menu, you might want to ask anyway.....you could be surprised as we wereWe came to Bourbon Blue for a Sunday morning brunch with friends. We called the day before and made a reservation for 12 at 11AM the next day. When we arrived,  no one had any record of our reservation. The restaurant wasn't busy at all, and the hostess was able to put a few tables together and accommodate us without much of an issue. 
The service wasn't super great. It took about 10-15 minutes to get our first round of drinks. The food, while absolutely delicious, took about an hour to an hour and 15 minutes to be delivered to our table. Before our food arrived, we ordered another Bloody Mary round for the table. We waited for about 20 minutes and when our server came back, she asked if we wanted to order another drink. We had to remind her we had already ordered another round of drinks and they may be ready at a bar. 
Overall it wasn't the best brunch experience we've ever had, but the food was solid and we enjoyed spending the morning with good friends. A quick note - the only parking near the restaurant is $12 valet parking.Enjoyed Happy Hour deals (Mon-Fri 5-7p).  $3 Three Olives mixed drinks and half off the snack menu, great deal!  Friendly attentive server.   Had a nice stroll along the canal after eating.This is a very nice spot, with outdoor seating along the canal and live music indoors on weekend nights.  The food, which has a New Orleans slant, was excellent from start to finish, including oysters, nachos, shrimp orzo, and fried chicken.Went there once for lunch and found it decent. Liked the atmosphere and service. Glad they are a mainstay in the 'yunk.I come here all of the time and I've never done a review. This is one of my favorite places in Manayunk! Today at brunch I had the Sirloin Tip and Spinach salad and it was INSANELY delicious. The bartenders are great. The food has never disappointed me. Just an all around consistently enjoyable place to come indulge.Went here for the Halloween costume party on Friday October 31st. 
Pros: Less crowded then other bars participating in the 3 bar Halloween tour (Kildares and Mad River)
DJ was awesome!! (Andrew I believe his name was)
Bartenders were quick and friendly.
Ticket included a free drink
Cons: Music/sound got screwed up at midnight after the "costume" contest.
Costume contest was so disorganized and the winners/potentials didn't have great costumes.
Money wasn't even given to winners!!! Said come back on Monday for the 100$.
No food at time of our arrivals with group of 5 at 9pm. Could of had some good small food Cajun style but only had carrots and celery. Prob cost 3$ total.
Sound and music stopped just after midnight. Very disappointed in how no enetertainment/music was handled by staff.Lately I've been checking out places in Manayunk, and decided to give Bourbon Blue a try. It was on a Monday night, and they were offering $5 margaritas, which was a great deal. They offer a lot of daily specials, and on Monday and Tuesday they offer a $25 prix fixe for 3 courses which seems like a great value if you are planning to have a full meal.
We were just out for a light supper. We started off with the Cajun pick and peel shrimp which honestly were about the best pick and peel shrimp I can remember eating. There is a nice amount of spice on them, but not overpowering.  Next I had the filet tip sandwich with sweet potato fries, the sandwich and fries were both delish.  
The only disappointment was the chicken wings with chipoltle bbq sauce- they didn't have enough heat. There are plenty of other good place to get wings, so I would pass on them here.
The service was friendly and fast, and we had seats outside on the patio overlooking the canal. Most restaurants in Manyunk have their outdoor tables right on Main Street, where you get a lot of traffic noise, so I have to say that I did enjoy eating on the patio, even though the canal is frankly not that scenic.
I really liked Bourbon Blue, it is trying to be a little more upscale than most of the other Manayunk places, and would be a nice date place, though its not expensive or pretentious.  Overall, I would give it 3.5 starts, and I am planning to return.My first time at this restaurant. The staff was VERY pleasant even down to their valet. Happy hour menu was good. Outside seating was perfect for the weather. Would recommend and go back there myself1st time I was here - great.  2nd time I was here - not so much.
We originally went here for New Year's Eve & really enjoyed ourselves - good music & crowd, drink specials, etc.  More recently I brought a group of out-of-town friends & we had one of the most confusing and unpleasant customer service experiences.
Within my friend's salad was a large ball of soil - legit still attached to the lettuce in the salad.  After bringing it to her attention, our waitress barely acknowledged or apologized - she just took the plate away with her.  We saw her walk it over to a manager, who pulled her behind a wall to talk about it.  The manager never came over to our table about it - maybe it was embarrassing to address the fact that someone missed a baseball size piece of dirt when making the plate?  When the check came, the uneaten salad was still on there & we had to request it be removed.  We ended up paying by card & the waitress brought us back a checkbook full of cash - it was clearly someone else's change.  Luckily we were honest & handed it back.  I hope she was new/nervous because the place wasn't crowded at all.  If she was new, she should've mentioned it to help her case because we all just sat staring at each other every time she walked away from the table.  I think a small apology goes a long way & there was just no attentiveness.  Slow/unprofessional service & poor management during this visit erased the memory of the 1st & changed our minds on ever returning.  
Follow-up:  The manager reached out to me via e-mail after I posted this apologizing & wanting to talk about the experience.  I wrote back - twice - & never heard from him again. That's kinda what I meant by the poor management comment up there.I just discovered Bourbon Blue. The drinks specials are great as well as their menu. I love their $4 margarita on Mondays that last all day.I went here with two friends for a late lunch toward the end of the Red Bull Soap Box Race, after hours of being drenched. Our timing was horrible; every bar and restaurant and Main St. was packed, but we managed to get seated here rather quickly. Some guy was performing acoustic cover songs, which were painfully loud despite the roar of the crowd. I breathed a sigh of relief when he took a set break. Our beer was served up pretty quickly but the food took forever. I ordered the Smoked Turkey Sandwich which was delicious, but missing its bacon. It came with a very small portion of Cajun fries, which tasted great.
It wasn't comparable to my experience with actual restaurants in New Orleans but I'm sure the nightlife and less crowded times make up for it. Their website is wonderful (non-.pdf menus! events calendar!) and I'd be interested in their prix fixe menu as well as their take on beignets during Sunday brunch.I've been here twice now for brunch.  It's. ... nice.   Nothing spectacular, but when you think of some of the other places in Manayunk, I'd actually consider bringing my parents here.  And there's something to say about that. 
The food is solid.  Pet peeve #1, any bunch dish involving eggs and cheese in a skillet should come with toast.  It didn't... I was charged $1.50 for toast.   Also,  pet peeve #2, this place does NOT need valet parking.  They literally take your keys (and $10) and park on the street 50 feet away.  Maybe reserve those spots for patrons instead. 
Solid Manayunk option for a nice meal.Bourbon Blue is a great option for a fun night out in Manayunk. In addition, it's a great place for some good food when you have the time. The beef tips were incredible!One of the best happy hours in Manayunk!  This was one of my favorite spots when I lived in the city.  Cheesesteak egg rolls are one of the best things on the menu! 
Fun outdoor patio area overlooking the river and just a great time especially with the band they bring in.  Pretty big selection of beer and some good craft things you don't usually find.  
Definitely recommend stopping by for happy hour or drinks on the weekend with friends or a date night!The decore is rustic, warm and hip. The food was delicious and served promptly. 
The Gumbo Yaya was good and not too spicy. The cheesesteak egg rolls were wonderful. The salmon with veggies was excellent. It was cooked perfectly, not overdone as some places. 
We tried two beers: the Kentucky Bourbon Barrel Ale and the Narragansett Coffee Milk Stout. Both were excellent!
The service was very good too!I went to Bourbon Blue on Saturday and then AGAIN on Sunday. That saids enough but I'll explain a little bit more. 
Saturday- I went with a girlfriend in the late afternoon we had champagne to start off, we ordered the south western chicken wrap and fish tacos I liked the fish tacos but not enough to order again. The southwestern chicken wrap was so yummy and I actually ordered it going off of another review. 
Sunday- We were acknowledged as soon as we entered , I went with my boyfriend this day and the special on Sunday is $3 blue moons we ordered 2 of them. I ordered the southwestern chicken wrap again which comes with 3. choices of fries I choose the sweet potato and he ordered the calamari both very tasty. Our waitress was Kami** she was awesome and very attentive I asked her maybe 4 times for chipotle mayo to dip my fries and sand which in and she didn't seem bothered which was a plus. Any place that knows how to make great sweet potato fries gets 5 stars from me. Very relaxing place and great for a day night. 
Dress attire is causal *I come here all of the time and I've never done a review. This is one of my favorite places in Manayunk! Today at brunch I had the Sirloin Tip and Spinach salad and it was INSANELY delicious. The bartenders are great. The food has never disappointed me. Just an all around consistently enjoyable place to come indulge.I have never had a bad time here wither it's for brunch, dinner or a night out for drinks. The service is always fast and friendly.  This is a perfect happy hour spot in Manayunk during the week. As soon as you walk in there is a warm welcoming atmosphere. The bar area is very large and the happy hour specials are unbeatable.  $3 draft beers, $3 Three Olive Vodka drinks and half price snacks and apps. are a great way to start dinner.  I enjoyed the fried calamari as an appetizer. It's served with fried jalapenos slices and a fresh marinara sauce. There are other bigger plates including sandwiches and wraps on the half price menu so you can really make a whole meal out of it. Very good! 
For the main course I had the pork chops served with mashed sweet potatoes and green beans. The portion was very generous so I took half of it home for lunch the next day. My other favorite dish on the menu is the tilapia encrusted with pecans. The New Orleans style menu is full of flavor and southern charm. I have never had a dish I didn't like off the menu!I've been to BB 3 or 4 times, and I always enjoy the difference in atmosphere from other Manayunk spots. Sometimes you feel like going somewhere less bro-y than the Bayou Bar but less formal than Dererk's/Jake's. For us, that place is Bourbon Blue.
The restaurant, located a little of Main, has a subtle New Orleans theme (it's not obtrusive like restaurants themed to the Disney-eth power), and it has all of the nice touches that should accompany its theme -- jambalaya on the menu, bottles of Abita (Louisiana beer), etc. 
They also have a fully-stocked bar, and a nice drink menu. And the bartenders are very pleasant. I should confess that this is all that I'm qualified to speak on, having never tried the food. 
So, if you're looking to try something a little different than the standard Main St. bar offerings, I would definitely take a walk down to Bourbon Blue.Went on a Friday night. Service was good, very friendly. Had 2 servings of alligator quesadillas and filet mignon beef tips. Also had jambalaya and pan seared scallops. Let me talk about the beef tips, oh man.. melt in your mouth. So much flavor! My palate isn't huge but literally the best dish I've ever in my life. I couldn't stop eating. At one point the people came with told me to stop eating (lol) The alligator was a first for me but what a taste. I loved it.I recommend this to anybody who's in the mood for a southern twist!Seems like most of the reviews here are about their bar and drink specials. How can you not comment about the food?!  This is definitely one of the best places to go for dinner in Manayunk. I've been here for dinner 6 or 7 times now and loved my meal each time. The filet tips are a must have and the fried chicken is excellent.  My boyfriend and I came here on NYE for dinner and they gave us free champagne. It's an all around good restaurant with nice staff and owners.My experience at Bourbon Blue yesterday was bad, very bad.  I went for brunch with three of my friends and we were seated on the deck out back since it was unseasonably warm.  Right from the get-go I knew we'd be having trouble with the service because it took the waitress quite a while to come over and take our drink orders.  Then my boyfriend got a coffee cup that was stained with lipstick and had some weird fibers on it.  Now before I continue, let me just states that yes, they were busy, but you should expect to be busy for Sunday brunch. 
We ordered our food and ordered some of the simplest food in the world to make, none of us had difficult orders.  Then we proceeded to wait about 45 minutes for eggs!  Not only did we wait a long time for food, but people who had been seated after us were getting their food before us and once our waitress realized that we were aggravated she essentially disappeared.  It was a fight to get coffee refills and we never got water refills.  Then one of the managers passed by and I asked him for coffee refills and stated that I would really like it if our food was coming out soon and that we'd been waiting an exceptionally long time.  His response was "well, we're busy!" and was quite snippy and rude.  That just irritated me beyond belief.  That's great that you're busy, but you should be prepared for this and it should NEVER take 45 minutes to serve four people eggs.  They should be ashamed at their customer service!  It's never the customers fault that their food takes a long time!
To be fair, the food was actually good but the service was atrocious!  If the kitchen is running slow the least you could do is keep my drinks filled and be apologetic.Good stuff. Went on New Years Eve and had a prie fixe menu. I had Shrimp Scampi, it was delicious, just a little oil/garlic heavy. The desert was a warm bread pudding that was perfectly gooey. Overall a great restaurant, and I will certainly be back.Went here for dinner with a friend during restaurant week. The fried chicken entree was very good. Nice and crispy and the sauce on top is good. The veggies were also very well seasoned and delicious. The cheesecake dessert was also really good.service made this a five-star review! 
-always been one of the better spots in Manayunk for higher-quality food and company, but seems to have gotten even better recently 
-my boyfriend and I sat on the deck on a gorgeous day - it's a great space, very relaxing, shaded and scenic and doesn't seem like it would get overly crowded at dining hours 
-food was superior, starting with the fresh cornbread and biscuits; crab cakes were cooked perfectly and contained almost no filler; paella was also a nice (big) dish - it's rare to come by plump, juicy mussels - they were in there; these two dishes alone were plenty of food for a couple of very hungry people to share 
-service was outstanding - we were greeted and seated by the gracious manager, Steve, and both the server and busser were both attentive and friendly 
-in the past, I hosted a group of 20 here and it was greatI have not yet been to this restaurant, but Bourbon Blue came to our office for "Fooda" catering today, and the jambalaya was delicious!! Big, tasty shrimp, andouille sausage, ham, and chicken, with onions, peppers, celery, tomatoes, rice...And spicy! Not too spicy but definitely spicy! One of the best Fooda lunches ever.We were here for a paint nite event so my review is pretty limited to just the food/drink and not so much the service/atmosphere. 
The restaurant is a lot larger than it appears from outside and I do like the decor. It can get really loud in the bar area even when not at full capacity. 
My bf and I each ordered a drink, I can't speak for his but mine was really strong but pretty boring so I was not eager to have another for $10. 
We weren't super hungry but shared the chicken quesadilla. The menu was not my favorite so it wasn't the easiest to find something we'd both like. 
The quesadilla wasn't anything special and was tiny for the price. 
I'd come back for happy hour as they seem to have good specials on food/drink but I don't think I'd pay full price for their food again. 
All the serves we encountered were friendly!Me, my wife, my son and mother ate dinner hear on a Saturday at about 5.00 pm. According to my son Manayunk doesn't start getting busy till after 7 at least so needless to say it was only us and a young couple in the restaurant for dinner. So of course we were seated right away and our waitress had no problem taking care of our needs. My wife has celiac and must eat gluten free and it was nice to see certain items on the menu labeled gluten free.Instead of the usual bread and rolls the waitress brought out corn bread which was okay. If you want a salad that will cost you extra. I had the jambalaya which was much spicier then other jambalaya I have had.My wife had filet mignon which she said was just average. My son had the red eye steak which he said was really good. My mom had the crab cakes which had a light sauce on them that she didn't care for and she said there was a lot more filler then crab meat. We each had a alcoholic beverage with the meal which brought the total bill before tip to about 140 dollars. In the end this restaurant  was just okay and I doubt we will be going back again. The food was average and the prices a little high for what you got.Love this place- best restaurant on Main Street. The happy hour menu is incredible value $5 food and $4 drafts every week day 5:30 to 7:30! The cheesesteak eggs rolls rock!My cousin recommended that I check out Bourbon Blue for brunch once I moved to the Manayunk/Roxborough area, so naturally I visited a couple weeks after getting settled in. The location itself is really nice, set along the water with large scenic windows so you can enjoy the view even from insde. Its also right before Main Street gets crowded so you feel a little more relaxed. 
I am a big Bloody Mary drinker so when I heard they had a whole bar dedicated to the cocktail I got excited. However, when I went to order the drink, the waitress pointed me in the direction of a table with maybe 2 carafes full of tomato juice and vodka, along side all of these ramekins filled with "toppings" (aka lemons, limes, olives, celery, etc.) and a couple bottles of hot sauce for finishing touches. There wasn't any refridgeration to keep the items cold, and the set up honestly just looked so sad for such an awesome concept. I opted to contain my Bloody Mary cravings that day.
My boyfriend got the Scrapple Sliders -- which were pretty tasty! Loved the biscuits, you could tell they were made well when they didn't fall apart immediately after biting into them. However, the lyonnaise potatoes that came with his dish (as well as mine) were underseasoned. They could have used a lot more salt to start, but I would have liked maybe a hint of heat or garlic or more onion, something. I orderd the Crab Eggs Benedict, which looked nice, however when I went to take a bite something was just off. I come from a long line of Maryland seafood eaters, so maybe I should have known better to order the crab here, who knows. It just tasted maybe too lemony? Whatever the flavor was, it was too far from other crab benny's I've had for me to trust it, so I sent the dish back.
Overall I do want to go back for dinner or lunch and try their "bar food", which is what I hear they're known for. I was impressed with their drink selection, so I would go back just to dabble in that arena as well.My roommate and I came by during Restaurant Week. We stopped in around 6:30pm and were able to get a table as walk-ins. We were seated on the deck, which was nice and quiet. So quiet that we didn't realize we waited a good 15-20 minutes for the server to finally come over. We both ordered off the RW menu. I ordered an app with brie and apples. My app was delicious but my roommates calamari was a little soggy and didn't have a lot of flavor.
My entree was the chicken stuffed with apples which was very tasty. My roommate got the fish dish (tilapia) and he couldn't even eat it because he found it so distasteful. Neither of us got dessert. We both had mixed feelings about our experience. 
The server was pleasant and the food service itself was average, not too slow or rushed. Overall, the ambiance was nice and I'd probably want to go back for happy hour, as the specials looked pretty good. However, I most likely wouldn't return for dinner.I don't really understand the hype about this place. I have been there two times, each time with a party of at least four other people. Each time, everyone in my party, including me, has concluded that the food was just not up to par. Even the drinks were quite watered down. My husband usually orders jambalaya whenever he can because he loves it and he had to agree that Bourbon Blue's version falls short. The flavors are just not quite there. I don't pretend to be an expert when it comes to Cajun cuisine but I have had way better from places that less expensive.Came here on a Saturday night. Like many of the bars around, there was a $5 cover. It's pretty big (especially compared to bars in NYC). It was $3 "you-call-it", meaning $3 everything except stuff with red bull. That seemed arbitrary until I saw red bull swag inside. There must be an agreement with red bull corporation. The beer selection here was good, I had something vaguely exotic that I can't remember now. There was a cover band playing top 40s music from the 90s. Lots of young people everywhere.I went to Bourbon Blue for my quarterly dinner out with my cousins and was under impressed.  I will admit that I have high expectations based on my experiences at Dan Funk's New Orleans Cafe which is unfortunately closed.
Overall the food was just ok, the service was slow, and the manager wasn't receptive to feedback.
We tried the cheesesteak egg rolls for an appetizer and was extremely disappointed, we followed those with the fried pickles...they were very good. I went with a burger for my meal (I know it's an odd thing to get), it was actually pretty good and the brioche roll was quite nice. 
My cousins went with the $30 price fixe. One had the broccoli & cheddar soup du jour...the consistency of a vitamix soup and a little too salty for my taste...and the southern fried chicken for her entree...it wasn't bad but wasn't spectacular either.  The other meal was a disappointing blackened quesadilla appetizer and the blackened tilapia entree served on top of a shrimp & sweet potato hash that looked like slop.
Finally for dessert we had the bananas foster bread pudding which was essentially a slice of banana apple bread drizzled with caramel, and a warm brownie sundae that only I tasted - it was unbalanced...a small cupcake sized brownie towered with ice cream and whipped cream. The "brownie" was dry and almost tasteless. 
In the middle of the meal a live band began performing that was so loud we were unable to have a conversation....and the food was so blah that we didn't bother to put it on Instagram. Overall we had a decent night out but the food was nothing to write home about.I've been here for school sponsored events. Not a great selection of beer (mostly just the light and crappy mass-produced stuff). Fun place for a lot of people to party though.The food was ok, but too OVERPRICED for food that I could get much better at another place for half the cost.  I didn't appreciate the service where they actually forgot to give us our utensils and we had to ask for it!
But on the brighter side, the bar area looked nice to hang out at and the ambience and look of the place was hip.Referred to yelp for help on picking a Manayunk restaurant for my daughters birthday. With a 50/50 chance I thought I'd give them the chance. Boy was I wrong. Appetizers were fine (especially at the Happy Hour price $5). Cesar salad was made with precut/ brown edged Romaine- there must have been a large prep bin-because when we asked to have a fresh one, they returned with what looked like the same batch.  The buttermilk battered fried chicken with country gravy- that the waitress assured us was excellent, turned out to be a dry bland frozen cutlet with a tasteless gravy. Mashed potatoes were the best part is the meal. I had stuffed baby Bella's- which wee just button criminals filled with goat cheese and artichoke- couldn't discern any of those flavors. Wait staff pleasant, nice venue- just need to re- think food quality!Disappointed sums this one up.  The website and menu make it seem pretty great.  Average experience.  Average food, and a bit overpriced.  Below average service.  I might have given it three stars, but my $12 cocktail didn't have a trace of alcohol in it.Amazing food and great date spot. Visited for the first time during Manayunk Restaurant Week and it certainly won't be the last. That creole butter was everything and more!Last night, we returned for our third or fourth visit to Bourbon Blue. Not surprisingly, the food and drinks remained consistently good. The Jambalaya, while probably not as spicy as one would get in NOLA, was absolutely delicious and, as before, the wait staff was friendly, smiling and courteous. It is obvious that the management takes pride in pleasing its customers and wants them back; and they'll absolutely have us back. The ONLY downside to this jewel remains the high ambient noise level, but you'll be too busy enjoying your food to talk anyway.Just dropped in for a drink on a quick pit stop, ambiance seemed to be nice the drinks were cheap $7 for my margarita,music was very loud. I cant imagine carrying on a conversation, the crab cake which we grabbed i believe my friend said was pricey. Minimum purchase to use card was $10 that kind of blew me off, so my friend just paid for everything.My friends and I did a double date here last night for manayunk restaurant week. I kind of like this place, with the ol' school lanterns, christmas lights, table candles, dark colored walls and huge windows.
I had the tilapia plate and it was delicious! My friends were not a happy about their plates as I was with mine however, especially my friend from New Orleans. The food may not be authentic New Orleans, but I still think it was pretty yummy.
PROS:
- the food is good and reasonably priced
- the bar is fully stocked and even carries drinks from the New Orleans area
- cool (and potentially romantic) ambience
CONS:
- it was pretty empty (but then again we went on a Tuesday evening)
- server was not as attentive as I usually like
- the food was more of "the chef's interpretation of New Orleans cuisine" instead of being authentic New Orleans cuisine
TIPS:
- on certain nights, the valet is complementary. That's an extra $10 saved for...drinks? Find out which nights are free valet before you visit
- manayunk is a beautiful neighborhood to visit, so try a before/ after meal walk.
-Bourbon blue is right off of the canal so on warmer evenings or in the day time try to sit outsideI had 2 private events at Bourbon Blue - a lunch and a dinner. Melissa and her staff were very flexible in planning even with a few serious hiccups, they never missed a beat and made sure everything went smoothly and as planned. I would definitely plan events here again in the future.So this a delayed response, but maybe I went here on an off-night. I came here and it took a while to be seated.  When we were seated, we were placed on the patio near the mosquito loving waters.  It was happy hour so we endured.  The nachos were not so great neither was the other happy hour appetizers.  I do like they have this specialty card for frequent flyers but I cannot say I am going to be using it anytime soon.After wanting to try Bourbon Blue for a while, I came for manyaunk restaurant week with my boyfriend and a friend. We chose to sit out on the back deck, I don't normally like outdoor seating but theres is set up perfect and was very relaxing. They had a 3 course menu for $35 dollars and a 2 course menu for $25 which I thought was a good deal. 
I was the only one who got the 3rd course. For an appetizer, I got the calamari which was really great. It had some sauce on it that made it extra good. I wasn't sure if my boyfriend would like it because he never has had calamari before and I didn't know if this one would be the best one for him to try the first time because it was more chewy. But, he loved it. For entrees, my bf got the tilapia, my friend got the jambalya and I got the pork tenderloin. My pork tenderloin was great and came with some really good, different, mashed potatoes. Both of them also really liked their entrees. I had the chocolate brownie sundae for dessert and that was heavenly. I really enjoyed all of the food I had here. But, I feel like it is a bit overpriced for what the food is. We got a good deal but the normal menu prices were high. For instance, the tilapia my boyfriend got would have normally been $22.50. Tilapia is like the cheapest fish and isn't worth that much in my opinion even if prepared well. I loved the atmosphere of this place though and we had a great night. 
Our waitress was very friendly and attentive. The manager also stopped by our table to see how everything was. The inside of the restaurant also seemed like a cool place to hangout. They had a guy playing music inside who was actually really good and entertaining. I would love to come here another night and try some of their more adventurous options, like the alligator quesidillas.Bourbon Blue is my go-to hangout spot for grabbing drinks with friends. When it's nice out, the patio is awesome. I love coming here on Sunday's and enjoying the half off bottles of wine or $3 blue moon draft specials. The staff is always very friendly. When it gets cooler, I like to drink martinis at the bar. The bartender makes great drinks. I think their food is okay.... maybe a tad bit overpriced. Overall, this is a great place for drinks and a fun atmosphere. They often have live music.Good ambiance and food. Menu has lots of gluten free options and you don't even have to ask for a separate menu they are on their main one. Service was terrible! Our waitress barely ever came over. There were 5 of us an almost there for 3 hours! Would think twice about going back because of the horrible service.Catching up on a review from brunch the other day. 
Bourbon Blue is legit. Pretty good eats in a open layout restaurant. I've been on a burger binge for some reason the past week and had a burger, fries and a MAN-MOSA (emphasis on MAN; was my first one).
I walked in with a party of 4 and we were all there to eat some good grub after a semi-late Saturday night. Hungry and thirsty, we came in and definitely ordered food that hit the spot. I will say, I came in knowing I wanted to get a mimosa but when I saw man-mosa on the menu I thought I would give it a whirl and my goodness was I not disappointed! It was awesome! 
Took a couple pictures of food and drink. 
Service matched the food (good). Layout was good as well. I will give this place a solid 4 stars. Had a good experience!Great place for a happy hour. And it goes until 7:30, not 7 like most places. Atmosphere is excellent. There is also outdoor deck seating which is a plus. Beer selection is good and the bartenders were helpful and great. Mike (I think was his name) was one of our bartenders and he was excellent. He let me sample beer and just seemed genuine. The food was pretty good. We got fried pickles which were great, and I'd recommend since many places can mess those up. The quesadillas were just ok. The people next to us got what looked like cheesesteak spring rolls which looked amazing and I'd want to try them next time. We will definitely be coming back for happy hour again.Just went yesterday w/ a few girlfriends.  The service took forever & our waitress rarely came back to check in on us to see how the food was or if we needed beverage re-fills.  We couldn't even find her to settle the bill, but we did find a manager walking around who took care of it for us.
We sat outside, which was very nice...except for the bees!The half priced appetizers for happy hour are really good. The drinks are  a little too pricey for my taste and it gets pretty nuts on the weekends, but this is a good spot for a bite to eat on a weekday.I've been to Bourbon Blue three times in the last year, most recently for Sunday brunch. I'm giving this review four stars due to their amazing happy hour and my positive dinner experiences. However, I did feel that brunch was a little lacking. 
My brunch cocktail with muddled strawberries was watered down with club soda. I got the battered French toast. The menu says that it is served with strawberries... Don't get me wrong, it really was delicious. But there was only one strawberry, sliced up, on the plate. I also wish it was more "battered."  It simply seems like three slices of normal French toast, which again, was delicious, but it just didn't fit the description. I also wish it would've come with a side of something else. For the price, it just wasn't as filling compared to other things on the menu, such as Eggs Benedict with thick cut ham, with which my fiancé was greatly satisfied.Referred to yelp for help on picking a Manayunk restaurant for my daughters birthday. With a 50/50 chance I thought I'd give them the chance. Boy was I wrong. Appetizers were fine (especially at the Happy Hour price $5). Cesar salad was made with precut/ brown edged Romaine- there must have been a large prep bin-because when we asked to have a fresh one, they returned with what looked like the same batch.  The buttermilk battered fried chicken with country gravy- that the waitress assured us was excellent, turned out to be a dry bland frozen cutlet with a tasteless gravy. Mashed potatoes were the best part is the meal. I had stuffed baby Bella's- which wee just button crimini filled with goat cheese and artichoke- couldn't discern any of those flavors. Wait staff pleasant, nice venue- just need to re- think food quality!Came here for lunch recently based on Yelp recommendations.  Made a good choice!
Although the restaurant was quite empty when I showed with my guest, service was very friendly and efficient.
I had the jambalaya which was the right combination of meats, rice, and goodness.  Only 2 shrimp?  Oh well.  Very tasty and I would recommend it.  My guest had a wrap with Cajun fries and said she liked it.  But probably not as much as I liked my jambalaya.
We got to sit outside overlooking the bike path and water (scummy).  
$25 including tip lunch for 2, no drinks.
Bourbon Blue is part of the UPromise Dining Program, too!  Bonus!Wow, brunch here is insane. We came in for a leisurely Sunday brunch, and found a packed dining room with a very vibrant, upbeat atmosphere. This place really fills up, so I would imagine that it's tough to get a table in here sometimes. 
We were seated pretty promptly, and our waitress was very friendly. Service was a little sluggish, but we were having such a good time that it didn't really matter. We had some top-notch bloody marys, and my wife had a mimosa, which she really enjoyed. 
The menu has a good selection of creative breakfast dishes (both sweet and savory) and lunch options. The prices are very reasonable, ranging from $9-12. I had the breakfast quesadilla (pronounced in Napoleon Dynamite voice), which was very good. My wife had the eggs benedict, and she really enjoyed it. 
The manager stopped by to see how everything was, and was a very pleasant fellow. We thought that was a nice touch to the meal.
All in all, another great experience and Bourbon Blue. Definitely check them out for brunch sometime.This is the 6th time I've been there and can honestly that it awesome.  Oysters, the fried chicken, fish taco's, mmmmmmmmmm.  I like the vibe and the decor.  Waitstaff is always friendly and don't rush you. As with every place in the Yunk, parking is a bitch...good thing I can walk. :)Amazing happy hour specials! Never too crowded, great ambiance, the Specialty Drinks are great as well, visit at least once a week. One of the best restaurants in Manayunk! YUMNot a big fan..the food is nothing to brag about and the drinks were pretty small tho they were the specials. If your looking for some life music, don't waste your time here, might as well go to Philly and actually enjoy yourself. The whole atmosphere was kinda lame and boring, I definitely won't be returning here.Bourbon Blue is definitely the best Cajun / Creole restaurant in the Philadelphia area. This place has some of the most intriguing food options around. I loaded up on the filet mignon and alligator quesedillas..definitely some of the best quality meat you can have. The only thing that I'd complain about with this place are the food portions. You're left wanting a little more. Besides that, great craft beer options, cocktails, ambiance and live music. Dining here at night really makes you feel like you're sitting in a lounge in the south. Two thumbs way up.My wife and I went here for bunch last Sunday because everywhere was booked or had a huge wait so we decided to try someplace new to us - we just beat the crowd here and although you have to have reservations if you want a table, we got a good seat in the bar area which didn't require reservations. 
We both ordered the Crab-Cake Eggs Benedict - a decent amount of crab spiced pretty well - one of my favorite Crab-Cake Eggs Benedict I have had! The potatoes were pretty good but maybe a hair dry and cold. The service was good as well. 
The only downside - the coffee is terrible. We were having brunch before doing some work so we didn't have drinks, but I think the menu is geared more towards those who have alcoholic drinks with their brunch.  The coffee was served in tiny sized cups and tastes like they use Folgers or something slightly watered down. 
Fix the coffee and its 5 stars all the way!I lived in Philly for 3 years and walked by this place quite a few times.  The night before I moved, I decided I had to try it.  The food was awesome, I can't believe I waited to try it.  I had the alligator quesadilla, and the gumbo...Very good.  I didn't drink, but the bar was packed for happy hour.  The wait staff was very friendly and attentive, and the prices were reasonable.  If I didn't move 3 hours away, I would go back in  a heart beat.  Keep up the good work!I recently had a small surprise brunch at Bourbon Blue for my mothers birthday. 
I can't say enough good things about the experience. From the prompt service, fantastic waitress, amazing food....the day was nothing less than great.
I honestly do not have a single word of complaint.
Just spicy enough Jambalaya to the "No filler" Crab Cakes, everything was delicious.
The staff accommodating, friendly and just overall nice.
My mother was very, very happy...and that's all that mattered.This very charming place was 2nd stop on my bday celebration. It did not disappoint. The bartender makes a great hurricane. The menu has a lot of great choices, my party was satisfied with the appetizers. The presentation was spot on. My meal selection was good but not great, I think the next time I come I will try another entree. This place is lively and fun. Great place for group eats...everybody order something different and share.I live in Manayunk and have been to Bourbon Blue a number of times. Their beer list is awesome and I always like the food that I order. They have a great happy hour and there is usually someone singing and playing guitar on Thursdays. They have let our running club use the bottom floor of the restaurant for post-run drinks and mingling on Thursdays and the staff is always very friendly and accommodating to our group. I'll definitely be back!Great dinning experience, friendly staff and really good food. We had the southern salad with beef tips and the jambalaya, both were excellent.  Really nice vibe to the place and the noise level wasn't so loud you could dine in the bar and still talk. Really liked this place.Real nice place tucked at the rear end of the street.  Great industrial look inside, hinting of reclaimed wood, brick and mortar and old word style, but renewed.  The floor was a bit sticky probably due to either the foot traffic or the wax or maybe tar that's in the wood (I did mention reclaimed wood)-  it bothered me at first, but quickly dissipated as we opened up the menu and got comfortable.
Water was immediately served as we sat down, lemon was a nice touch.  An appetizer of Alligator quesadillas was ordered, which came soon after the white whine sangria, peach Iced tea and bread.  May I add that the bread basket consisted of 2 beautiful biscuits, 4 pieces of cornbread and what looked to be a tomato sweet creamed butter.  Muffins were delicately soft, the cornbread held together nicely, actually it looked more like johnny cake.
The quesadillas were quite good, but I was expecting larger chunks of gator meat.  The meat inside the quesadillas were ground up and seasoned, so it could have been chicken for all I know, lol.  For you guys out there who can't take spicy heat whatsoever, this one has a small kick (I did ask for more hotsauce).
My girl ordered the pork roulade and I ordered the Paella.  They both came out simultaneously.  Switching back and forth between dishes, I preferred the Paella better because of the complexity.  The seafood taste was quite predominant, hinting some chorizo and a ton of tomatoes.  The green peppers got in the way a bit, they were julienned properly but they were quite long so it was hard to fork together.  The dish was quite flavorful and good, I did need to "salt-to-taste" it a tad.  I'd prefer to have it this way anyway rather than having a dish that's too salty.
The pork roulade looked good so I had a bite of that too.  The pork was succulent, but soon, the cheese inside starting setting.  When we first received the dish, the cheese was melting beautifully within the plate, oozing out of the pork roll, amalgamating with the spinach and sundried tomatoes nestled within.  The home made mashed potatoes went well with the dish, but because of the paella, it took the side stage.  I think the pork dish by itself would work, but compared with another dish on the table which was livelier, more flavorful and colorful (and one you have access to), it just didn't fare well.  It was owned. 
As our waitress cleared the table and packed up some stuff, we did mention that we were quite full.  Now we didn't know if there was a dessert menu (didn't remember seeing it in the main menu), but she didn't offer us coffee or tea or dessert.  I think it would have been nice if she did ask, I was looking for a good cup of joe to end the meal, and maybe some dessert to take home.  Since we were full anyways, we let that one go.  I made coffee at home.
I'd probably check this plate out in the future for more eats, probably mid week around the same time (6pm).  The food was great, service was great and very attentive, and the rush crowd is different.  I couldn't see myself there in the weekend late night though-  tell tales signs of thousands of cigarette butts and flecks of green and amber lined the cobblestone streets.  A hopping weekend scene, not something I'd wanna be part of for dinner, but that's just me!I came back again last Thursday for happy hour because my wife enjoyed it. I gotta say, the happy hour prices are pretty great and the food was good. Happy hour also went till 8 which is nice. We sat at the bar, service was quick and the manager even came over to ask us how it was going (I love that). They won me over the second time around.Bourbon Blue is kind of hidden at the end of a small street so if you haven't been before it can be kind of hard to find, but it's worth it!  They made one of the best crab cake sandwiches I've ever had, and the fries that came with it  were tasty too.  My friend's meals were also very well done and the staff was friendly and helpful.  Overall a very nice place in a great area!  I just wish I had a chance to come back for one of the live bands Bourbon Blue hosts.Amazing staff and management. My fiancé and I had our first date here so I decided I wanted to propose to her here as well. The staff went well above and beyond on last minute notice to make it happen and gave me a private candle lit space with champagne. I can't say enough about how special that was and how accommodating they all were, really incredible service!I would give Bourbon Blue a 4.5 if I could! Atmosphere was good and food was great...and we had pretty much everything on the bar menu. Filet tips were definitely my favorite and we actually ordered a second helping...but beware they are a bit spicy! Monday happy hour was also a great deal! Gotta love $3 Three-Olive drinks! Will surely return to Bourbon Blue!Delicious food and good service. Unfortunately for the price I was expecting more bang for my buck. Portions are on the smaller side but the food was really good. But if you can, eat outside, really beautiful outside on a nice day.This is an awesome bar/restaurant. Their outdoor eating is a nice date spot. Their food has always been a hit. I like the burgers, abd their chicken wraps.Came here on a Saturday night. We ordered 3 appetizers (oysters, marrow, shrimp), a salad, and one drink each. The food was good, but not great. The total ended up being $100 with tip. If someone else is paying for your meal, it's not bad, but otherwise just go a little bit further into town and you can get twice the value for half the price.We would always go to Manayunk to look for furniture.  After a long day of walking, we came across this Cajun restaurant Bourbon Blue.  My husband being very adventurous with food tried the Alligator Quesadilla.  At that time the alligator was not an endangered specie in New Orleans (I guess they mentioned that it came from there) that's why they still serve it.  The second time around they didn't have that in their menu.  So surprise, surprise I loved the Alligator quesadilla.  It actually tasted like chicken with a fish like texture to it.  It was awesome.  I actually am looking for that type of dish whenever to go to a Cajun/Creole place.
Being the ordinary me, I tried the Crab Cakes.  I'm a sucker for that.  There are several entrees that when I see in the menu, I for sure would order that in a heart beat.  Although I'm a little bit cautious when ordering crab cakes because some resto's would serve the fake ones which is really a bummer.  Well I'm in luck because this was pure crabs.  No imitation crab in the cake.
Jambalaya is also in our list of things that we would order when we see in the menu.  And this did not fail our expectations.  A little bit spicy, especially when you use the hot sauce wrapped around the plate.  The appetizers were amazing!  The blackened fillet tips is a winner.  I think I remember having blackened beef too for appetizer if I'm not mistaken.  Maybe that was something special that day.  We typically eat out with a bunch of friends and a litter of kids.  When we ate we had 3 kids in tow.  As it got later, it got a little bit busy since it's also a bar, kids enjoyed the food and the waiter was really nice.This place is gorgeous and the food is delicious. The staff is super friendly and the food came out at a perfect pace. We had the brushetta and we both had the filet mignon... SOOOOO good and perfectly cooked. The cornbread they serve in the beginning is phenomenal too. 5 thumbs up. Loved it.This is one of my go-to spots in Manayunk. The service is very good, everyone that works here is very nice and attentive. The food here is good, especially the nachos and cheesesteak egg rolls. Their beer selection is ok but I really come here bc the cocktails are excellent. They have a pumpkin martini in the fall that is delicious and they used to have a drink that was called the starry night that I had all my friends hooked on. For the most part the crowd here is mid 20s and up, and people don't tend to be too obnoxious, drunk or extremely weird here.Decent place, nicely decorated with a nice wait staff. Came here for dinner a few times with friends before we started our dart league across the street at the bayou. Good beer selection. I always get the chicken quesadillas which are really good. Overall nice place to come with your friends to hang out. If you like dancing then head downstairs.Great laid back setting. Food, drinks , and service were great. Sat outback on deck. Ample tree coverage to shade the deck. Honestly just a perfect find on way home from Philly! Cheesesteak egg rolls-double thumbs up!!!! Moscow Mule excellent!! 10 of 10.Not great.  Waiter tried.  Kitchen did not.  Bartender no idea what drinks should taste like. Bordered on incompetent overall. Passable southern food. Poor imitation of New Orleans dishes.Definitely a great spot to catch some classic creole food and live entertainment.
The vodka selection is quite good and the bourbon as well.  This leads to the ability to have some very good cocktails.
The food has authentic New Orleans creole characteristics and is always of good quality. If you add into this the great live entertainment this evolves into a great venue.I visited with my friends and niece in tow, it wasn't too busy when we hoy there. We were seated immediately. Our server was nice, the food was pretty good. I had the French toast which was good, my friends had the bacon burger and pancakes. Everyone cleaned their plates.My single experience at Bourbon blue was disappointing enough convince me I never need to give it another chance. The lunch menu was completely generic - nachos, hamburger, salad. I ordered the $9 bruschetta. This turned out to be 4 tiny slices of foodservice french bread, topped with a little of the "bruschetta stuff", and enough balsamic vinegar that it was the only thing that I could taste. It service was slow and inattentive; even getting our first drink was a long wait. The place was fairly busy during our visit, but that never really elicts much sympathy from me. So it's  Saturday during a well publicized Main Street event? Maybe scheduling some extra staff would help... This still might be a nice place to go for drinks, but for eats, you've got many better options withing two blocks.Read the other reviews, service is terrible!  I wish I could review the food but we sat for literally 40 minutes and we were passed by by every single staff member and no one even approached us, not even with a glass of water.  Finally left and went to the Thai place around the corner, which was lovely.Went on a Friday night around 7. The place was busy, but not crowded. Had the blueberry basil lemonade and the blood orange margarita. The blueberry basil lemonade was the best. My friend and I shared the red pepper hummus, which was pretty good. I had the fish (mahi mahi) tacos and they were delicious. My friend had the filet and that was also delicious. Our waitress was very attentive and the manager walked over several times to see how everything was. 
All in all, not the best Cajun food ever, but it was delicious and had a great atmosphere.I'd give it a zero if I could.  Birthday dinner for my daughter...Pork osso buco over done (it should fall off the bone, not be sawed off with a steak knife)...I smiled through it...Food service slow. Bar service slow.  Not server's fault as we could see her waiting for each...manager came to us early on when things were good...took ten -fifteen minutes to get dessert order I and then, after 20+ minutes, we canceled order and asked for the check (from the first person we saw).  Finally got check and desserts we canceled were not removed.  Finally removed...Manager was smug, at best...calmly discussed issues with him and asked if was going to comp anything...he said he comped the dessert...the dessert we cancelled after waiting 25 minutes...I was calm until he accused me of using profanity (which I did not do), but I did raise my voice at that point.  Bottom line: they got busy outside and ppl inside (with reservations) were forgotten about and server was held up to take the fall...manager weak as hell and sucks (that was profanity...) loved how we had kitchen staff staring out of each kitchen door window at us when we asked twice where our desserts were...BTW, the place could use a REALLY GOOD DUSTING!!!A must to place to visit while on Main St. Great service, valet parking along with awesome food and drinks. I'm very particular when it comes to mixed drinks but the Hurricane was a perfect blend of yummy flavors and intoxicating spirits.One of my favorite spots in Manayunk!! Such a great atmosphere..the staff is wonderful and so inviting! The food is consistantly delicious. I've come for brunch, lunch, dinner, and happy hour and I've always had a great time. Sunday nights are the best at bourbon blue...Tim Williams is an awesome singer and he performs every Sunday night.First time at this restaurant and I can really say the food was delicious.  The service was always present and friendly.  I look forward in visiting the place again.Great waterfront ambience with decent tune-age from Thursday night's musician setting the mood.  Blood orange margherita was delicious.  For my entree, I had the chicken caprese pasta, in which I found the warm seasoned chicken slices conflicting with the cold and large Predator-dreadlock-sized pesto-covered pasta noodles a bit lacking for the price.  All in all I was happy with the experience and our waitress was right on cue.  Would visit again.I went here for Mardi Gras expecting a fun party atmosphere with some good drink specials.  It was advertised as "The area's best and ONLY Mardis Gras party to be at!"  When I showed up there was a $5 cover charge which I usually don't get upset about if it's actually worth it but it was a Tuesday and  the upstairs was completely dead.  Down stairs there was a decent crowd for a band that was okay at best; their main genre of music was metal rock from the 70s and 80s which didn't exactly fit the scene well.  Drink wise the big advertiser was "$4 SoCo Hurricanes."  BUT They came in 8 oz cups and must have had almost no alcohol in them.  I bought 4 of them and 2 bud lights (which were $4.50 each) so two hours and $35 later (including tip and cover) I realized I was feeling exactly the same way as when I entered, just with lighter pockets.cool spot. tvs are outdated. big bar, pretty impressive inside, i like this place. has a basement where a band plays and nice size bar. drink specials are ok. if you get a group you can get pretty good all you can drink deals.
overall i like this place.Their happy hour menu and specials cannot be beat. We frequent BB at least once a week. They also have free valet parking on Mondays and Tuesdays!! They have delicious selections for HH for $5 including cheesesteak egg rolls and fried pickles. We ALWAYS get the poutine, though it was much better before they recently changed the meat to spicy sausage. We have also had the filet mignon tips, but they are inconsistently spicy depending on the chef that night. Love sitting outside on their patio in nice weather and I love their rewards program, too.Where do I begin? First of all if you had what I had and you enjoyed it; I find myself questioning your palate! 
The first sign of a horrible eatery is service! 
He began be being horribly late upon sitting down to the point where the hostess had to come over with an obvious lie about how he was doing something other then maintaining his table(s).
The second omen was when I dropped a paper napkin off of the table and he swiftly low key returns it to the table...... I was like 
We order drinks... They take forever! 
We get drinks and order apps... They take forever..... 
Omen #3 Firing orders in the kitchen..... A sign of disorder in the kitchen and the expiditer..... 
We get the apps... My friend orders the crab cake which tastes like can. I get the Gumbo served over dirty rice. Except my gumbo looks like someone poured Alpo in a bowl. I should have known that I should not have tasted it from the sheer disappointment it brought to my eyes it transfered to my tongue! 
It was so bland, the meat was mushy, the andouille sausage tasted like something I'd get on a seedy Chinese website! The roux was so poor it lacked the deep chocolate rich color and flavor! No wonder they don't advertise that it's a Cajun restaurant or emphasizes, rather what they think is the flavor! 
Not to mention there wasn't a speck of dirty rice in that bowl it just plain par boiled rice..... 
I sent it back after the first spoonful of depression.... 
The highlight so far was the cornbread that came with the mumbo... I mean gumbo, excuse me... 
My friend and I both ordered the snapper entrée with Basmati rice, green curry, and shrimp. 
That took forever..... 
We get it mouths all ready for a nice big entrée of snapper and shrimp in green curry....... Chiiiiiiillleee.... I had the face of Hillary Clinton during her concession speech! 
Do you know my entrée came in a small bowl?? 
You know like the ones you see in steak houses where they serve mac and cheese in.... 
The green curry had the color of white paint... Meaning the curry paste to coconut milk ratio is off or it's not house made. 
Our shrimp was not grilled and the presentation was like that of a Friday's. 
The shrimp was frozen.... 
The rice was meh... 
I've honestly had better Thai and Gumbo in the Reading Terminal Market! 
Shout out to Beck's and Little Thailand... 
We question the water about our food and he's telling me all this BS not knowing that I have cooked in a professional kitchen and I make these dishes at home far better!! 
I ask him is their an executive chef working or is there a line cook troop of cooks back there.... He pauses... Which means he's lying... And doesn't answer the question directly, but says he's both the owner and executive chef.... I smell bull.... 
Some crazy looking guy comes up doesn't introduce himself and just jumped right in with more excuses as to why the food screams of no passion and desperation. 
Doesn't comp drinks or apps... Nothing.... 
Now you sound like the teacher in the Charlie Brown cartoons and I've shut down.... while we're are sitting there with empty glasses after already ordering second drinks... Wtf 
Now here comes the insult to injury.... 
We get the check and he leaves dog food gumbo on the receipt.... 
It took everything in me not to flip over the table after he then acted like it was a problem or that he couldn't remove what I didn't eat!!!! 
He must have saw the steam coming from my bald head because he scurried away expeditiously....! 
My friend was brave enough to get desert I couldn't take another atrocitie.... 
We pay he apologized and said that he hopes that we give him another try... 
Why.. Yes.. Yes I will.... 
When your owner steps down as "Executive chef" and hires a new throughly vetted chef with ties to Cajun cuisine; preferably from New Orleans. 
Do a relaunch send, me some tix, and I'll give you another try.*went here for dinner on a Friday night* I really enjoyed myself at this place. The service was quick and the actual restaurant was very nice. You may have to deal with the people coming in for happy hour but they have some nice happy hour specials. I had the jumbalaya and someone else had the fried chicken and they were both delicious. Nice selection of drafts. I would definitely recommend either dishOverall a great spot in Manayunk. They have great brunch drinks, drink specials (half priced bottles of wine on Sundays!) and I've always enjoyed coming for happy hour. Recently came here with my mom for dinner, overall service was good- our waitress was great but it took a really long time to get our first round of drinks. On the plus side our drinks were strong and well made which is always good in our book. We got the nachos for an appetizer which were okay. Nothing bad to say about them but they weren't amazing or anything either. We both got the Chicken Chesapeake pasta but I got mine without crab. It was delicious although my mom's dish had barely any crab so if you want that flavor you might just want to be aware of that. Looking forward to coming back on a night where the weather is nice and we can sit on the deck :)Great restaurant week experience. 
Jambalaya was just a little bit spicier than I'd liked, but overall very pleasant.I was here yesterday with my family after my brothers graduation from PhilaU and for Mother's Day.  My brother was really excited to go here and he kept talking about how great the food was.
FOOD: Everything on the table was delicious.  We started with Friend Calamari, Bruschetta and raw oysters.  I didn't opt for the oysters, but the calamari and bruschetta were really great.  For entrees I had the Filet Medallions with roasted red potatoes and asparagus.  It was killer! The rest of my family had Filet Mingnon, Southern Fried chicken with mash & broccoli and a lobster special.  I got a taste of everything & it was all good!
SERVICE:  This is where the stars count decreased for me.  The waitress wasn't great.  She was nice but she followed the restaurant rules a little too strictly.  We had 4:00 reservations.  We sat down and she came over immediately to tell us they wouldn't be taking our order until 4:30 because a large party had shown up an hour late to their reservation and even though our reservation was at 4:00, we had to wait.  I understand that it wasn't her fault for that table being late & causing a problem for the rest of the day, but she wouldn't even give us bread.  She actually said "I'm not touching anything food related until 4:30 or later if that's what the kitchen decides."  I mean, bread? You really can't get a basket of bread? She kind of treated us like we were the ones causing the problem.  It was weird to say the least.
We got to sit out on the back patio which was nice since it was a beautiful day.
The food alone would make me come back to give this place a second shot if I'm in the neighborhood again.We had a surprise party for my husband here and it was an excellent experience. From my initial call to set up the party until the end of the night, all the staff were friendly, helpful and knowledgeable. They made the process easy even when my number of guests kept changing. The downstairs room was a great venue. Food was excellent. If anybody wants to host a dinner event, I highly recommend!We arrived early for our 7:30 reservation and they seated us right away, offering indoor or outdoor seating. We saw that they were having a a happy hour special of 1/2 priced bar snacks. We had very prompt service and ordered a drink and asked to see the bar snack menu. Bottom line....the server allowed us to order these snacks but when we got the bill they were not 50% off because we were not in the bar. Everything else was great but they should have honored their special or she should have told us!Cool atmosphere, great location.  Cool bar area. Average food. Very loud.  Wouldn't recommend for a date. Probably best for meeting friends for bar and appetizersAs a bar/cocktail lounge it's unique and probably my favorite places in Manayunk, both for the happy hour and it's atmosphere.  It's especially pleasant when the weather is nice and the patio overlooking the river is open, allowing it to live up to the classic New Orleans theme inside and out.
However, as a restaurant, it falls short of capturing the the food centric culture epitomized by New Orleans - and may even fall short of Philadelphia's own above average foodie standard.
I don't want to be too harsh because this is based on only one dinner experience, but I have to describe our meals as overpriced.  Not bad, just overpriced.  The Pan Seared Tilapia my gf ordered was OK but the portion was a little to the smaller side if you came hungry and the flavors were very muted (not necessarily a bad thing but certainly not "New Orleans" inspired).
Then there was my meal.  The "Oversized" Grilled Salmon Caesar.  They go out of their way to distinguish these "oversized" salads from others on the menu, which are presumably smaller.  But I swear to you that it came in a bowl that any other restaurant would have served a side salad in.  I actually just assumed that I had accidentally received the wrong type of salad.  Unfortunately this was not the case.  The manager was attentive and brought me an additional bowl of romaine after I complained but frankly I was still a little hungry after eating both.
If they could just get the food at Bourbon Blue to be a lot less French and little more New Orleans it might be Manayunk's coolest spot.I came here for an event for Mardi Gras, this is my review of the establishment (bar, food, etc.) and will include a small portion about the event. 
The bar is located right off of Main Street. They had a back patio and two floors. The bar was decorated really nicely. There was definitely an intimate and friendly vibe. 
The event took place downstairs. There was a second fully stocked bar with a few tables. Downstairs was much darker but this was probably due to the event. 
The event included an open bar which allowed me to try out a few different drinks : hurricane,tequila sunrise, vodka cranberry, and select beers. All of the drinks were made really well, I'm not sure of the normal cost of the drinks but they were made really well! The bartender, Raquelle, was super nice and attentive and did a great job! She was able to help all the customers quickly and efficiently and was helpful to the other bartenders! Definitely the friendliest experience I've had at a bar! 
As for the food served it was authentic to New Orleans and includes red snapper, catfish fritters, alligator meatballs, rice and beans, cornbread, and a corn/okra vegetable dish! All of it was prepared expertly and was really high quality. 
Considering how well they managed the event and how great of quality everything was this definitely makes me want to come back. I also saw they had many week day specials. 
One other great point to note is super clean bathrooms! You don't see that often at bars! 
Overall my initial experience of the bar and the event was outstanding. Good job Bourbon Blue.My review is for the restuarant, not the night life:  When I first ate at Bourbon blue a few years ago I thought it was ok and prob would have gave it 2-3 stars at best.  However, living in manayunk for a couple years, I ended up going here a few more times and not sure if food got better or if it just has grown on me, but I love it now.  I would definitely recommend to at least give it a try if you are in the manayunk area.What a lovely, chill, delicious place. The bearded bartender was cool, so were his friends. Delicious cocktails, and a decent wine and beer selection. I can't speak at length about the food, but the drinks and atmosphere are worth the visit.AGAIN ! It just keeps getting better this is the blackened filet tip sandwich, bourbon blue burger, and the white sangria, I asked for the chipotle mayo on the side if you've read my reviews I'm in love with this sauce. The sandwich was yum yum yum. 
After I did a little more research I found out the gentleman that I thought was maybe a manager checking on our meal is actually the owner and I love that. A owner who is seen speaks loud to me! 
I would check this place out if I were you I promise, you will not be disappointed and I don't make promises I can't keep.Went here the other night and sat out on their back patio.  It was a nice night and a pleasant change from noisy Main Street.
I got the southern fried chicken and my girlfriend got the jambalaya.  The potions were big and the taste was amazing.  Will be back.I'll start by saying that the service was good and the food was fine, but overall we were not impressed. 
We went here for the first time on Thursday evening, it was busy, but not packed and we were seated promptly. The acoustics in BB are such that it's very loud just because of the way voices bounce around and the night we were there they had a live musician who was so loud you couldn't hear yourself think let alone carry on a conversation. It was so bad we asked to be moved outside, even though it was chilly, because the two of us were literally were shouting at each other across the table. 
In addition to being really intrusive the music wasn't even anything interesting like jazz or blues as one might expect from the name of the restaurant, the guy was basically playing the blandest cover songs you can imagine. I don't mind going to a restaurant where there is live music that makes it hard to chat if that music is good or interesting in some way, but this just wasn't. 
Finally while there was nothing wrong with the food I expected a lot more considering their prices. It was basically just one step above the fairly boring fair you'd get at Applebee's or a similar chain, but for double the price. 
Really unimpressed.I stopped into this pretty restaurant because I was craving shellfish. Bourbon Blue looks really attractive in the warm weather, with all the greenery around the outdoor seating area. I enjoy the enormous curved bar and was happy that I was able to eat a meal on it without being too close to the bartender or other patrons.
I ordered the steamed littlenecks and a margarita. The drink was large and tasted okay; I felt it lacked tang and kick. The clams were cooked well and served with ripe little tomatoes and crostinis. Overall, I enjoyed my short time at Bourbon Blue BUT Cactus up on Main Street has much tastier margaritas and Sapphire Lounge further down does a mussels bowl that is much cheaper than Bourbon Blue. I would recommend this place for dinner but not for a quick drink and snack, too pricey for the product.Today we biked from Conshohocken and this was a delightful stop. We sat on the deck overlooking the water. Turtles, fish, and geese passed us by. Delightful. We ordered beer, of course, and the calamari and wings. All yummy. The calamari was particularly delicious with the peppers included. We would definitely come back on our next bike ride!Some family was visiting, and I suggested we explore the many options along Main Street Manayunk. One of the first we stopped at was Bourbon Blue. Located at the tail end of Rector Street, just off Main, the restaurant features indoor and outdoor seating (overlooking the Canal) and a full bar.  The valet attendant (even though we walked) actually said it's really good, and that we wouldn't be disappointed.  This really says something for the staff when the valet parking attendant is also a sales and marketing associate!  He also had a menu, and after a quick glance, we agreed to give it a try.  
We requested outside, assuming it wasn't under the sun (it was around 6pm).  The area has umbrellas, but more importantly, it has a lot of trees, so we all had a shady seat.  I cannot speak for earlier in the day.  But we enjoyed the outdoor space and everyone enjoyed their food.  Our group had multiple options including: Jambalaya (delicious and with a kick), and we shared the Seared Ahi Tuna as an appetizer and it got rave reviews.  Two diners chose the French Quarter Salad and both liked their choices (though they would have preferred it tossed).  The final entree selection was the Gnocchi Cordon Bleu, which didn't garner rave reviews, but was enjoyed.  
Being it was Saturday, they only had 1 beer special (Miller Lite, kinda lame) and 1 other specialty infused vodka drink.  It would be nice to see some more options, being it can actually be slower in the height of summer.
Inside, a few of us commented during bathroom breaks that it sounded really loud, so we were happy be dined outside (which wasn't full).  So, in other words, noise level varies depending on where you sit and what you like. The indoor bar and dining space pretty much all flows together, and they were hosting an large group as well.  
The service was very good and timely and they let us linger after our meal, seeing that they had multiple outdoor tables open.  I will definitely be back and would recommend it to others.Went here on a Friday night close to 10pm to grab some late night dinner during Manayunk Restaurant week.  They were very friendly and were able to seat us right before the kitchen closed.  Also was able to take advantage of their late night happy hour from 10-12pm on Fridays for $3 drinks.  They have Abita on tap which is essential for any Cajun style restaurant and bar, so I helped myself to a few pints of Purple Haze which was their seasonal.   
Ended up getting the calamari for an app and the gumbo for dinner. The calamari was so-so and not really enough to share with a table.  I recommend opting for another app.  The gumbo however was excellent.  I've only been to the N.O. area once, so I'm not that well versed but overalll it was excellent.  It was marked as their signature dish and spicy.  I wanted to try something different and have a high tolerance for spice so this was an excellent choice.  The others I was with got the tilapia and mentioned it was the best Tilapia they've eaten, cooked to perfection.  I've been to the bar downstairs a few times and not bad either, live music or dj usually.  Altogether as a dining experience not bad if you are looking for a change of pace.When I first moved to Manayunk, I spent a ton of Friday nights in Bourbon Blue.  On Fridays the upstairs of the bar is usually pretty crowded, but not in an overwhelming, oh-my-god-if-one-more-person-bumps-into-me-I'm-going-to-freak-out kind of way.  There's typically a place to sit or a table to stand around, and room to move.
If you get to the bar before 10pm, you can get in without paying the $5 cover.  There's a cover because there's a DJ called Mike Scott (I prefer to call him Michael Scott, a la The Office, but that's just me) who takes over the lower level.  Down there it's typically very crowded, loud, and hot. Plus, often dudes will just start grinding on you even when they are clearly unwelcome.  I'm not so much a fan.
I've also had dinner and brunch here.  The brunch is by far my favorite part of Bourbon Blue.  Their breakfast burrito is probably the best I've ever had, and the mimosas are delicious and refreshing.
If you're there for dinner, I would definitely suggest the mushroom risotto.
Prices are reasonable, the dining room atmosphere is great, and they have drink or food specials every day.
I'd say they've cleaned up their act since the last review.First trip to Manayunk.  Last trip to Bourbon Blue.  Overpriced, underexecuted.  The service was beyond bad, the food was underwhelming to say the least, and the overall experience stunk.  Decent atmosphere, but loud and overpriced.  The bread was good though.Amazing! The steak tip sandwich was cooked to perfection. Very relaxed and friendly environment. Also had great live music. Would definitely go back!All you can eat crab legs Wednesday. Need I say more?A pretty good bottle and can selection which is offset by a pretty bad tap selection. Not the cheapest either, but not crazy expensive at least.Great food, true to New Orleans and the South - strong for both dinner and brunch. Excellent service and the outdoor deck is a great place for a special occasion.I thoroughly enjoyed Bourbon Blue! The atmosphere reminded me of New Orleans and the service was exceptional! Our server Jill was very attentive and pleasant and her knowledge of the menu was superb. The Manager stopped by our table at the perfect times to check on us and she too was very pleasant and personable. The food was good and the atmosphere was perfect for a wintry/spring-like day! I would definitely recommend Bourbon Blue and am looking forward to going back there ;o)My fiancé and I stopped in to grab a quick drink and app. It was phenomenal. I got a watermelon mojito and he got a blueberry mojito. We split the crab cake bites and fell in love !
Shout out to Madison our server for being very informational and sweet 
5/5 for service 
5/5 for food
5/5 ambiance 
5/5 drinksWe stopped into Bourbon Blue recently after touring the Liberty Bell and Constitution Hall.  We chose glasses of red wine and a charcuterie platter so we could relax and have a snack.  The wine was delicious and the charcuterie platter was large and filled with meats, cheeses and nice accompaniments.  The decor of the restaurant provides a relaxing space to reflect upon all of the history that resides nearby.  We saw several dishes being delivered to adjacent tables.  They looked great and we decided to plan a return visit next time we are in downtown Philadelphia.Came for Sunday brunch with three friends (none of us had dined here before). A colleague of mine had previously recommended Bourbon Blue, and so the four of us decided to try it.
We were seated out on the back deck overlooking the tow path and water. It was refreshingly peaceful to sit outside and not have to compete with the weekend hustle and bustle of Main Street.
We all started with various brunch cocktails, I had a lemon julep while the rest of the table drank Bloody's. I had to double down on the Julep - it was quite good.
Our table decided to split the maple bacon poutine as an appetizer, which was quite decadent and savory. I only wish the serving size was a bit heartier to appease our four hungry mouths, but I understand it's typically served as a single entree.
For my main dish, I opted for the traditional eggs Benedict, served with lyonnaise potatoes. I was a big fan of the thick country ham served underneath the poached eggs. They also give you a healthy ratio of hollandaise, which you don't always see. The crisp potatoes were a perfect compliment.
I would like the try the dinner menu next time!You can't advertise your #strawless policy and not actually follow it. It's false advertising & really annoying. Every single drink I ever ordered here has come with a straw, even though you claim "no straw will be given unless the customer asks". Either follow your own policy or don't but don't pretend to be environmentally friendly if you're not going to be. Also, when I asked your bartenders about it they had a really snippy attitude. Quote "Yeah I hate that policy and won't follow it". You're making other good businesses look bad. Either remove your # or live by your advertising, but ya can't do both. It's also bad business practice to change all your menus and market your #strawless policy before you even correctly train your staff.Bourbon Blue is tucked off of Main St in Manayunk. Unless you're looking for it, it's easy to miss. Parking is always a challenge in Manayunk but Bourbon Blue has valet parking if you'd like to use that option. 
We went here for happy hour and dinner on a Friday night. We got there at 6:30pm with an hour of happy hour left to spare! The bar area was decently filled with people kicking off their night. We went to Bourbon Blue straight after work so we were dressed a little more casually than other patrons at the restaurant but it was appropriate for the time we went. If we had gone any later, we should've dressed up a bit more. 
For happy hour, I ordered a specialty cocktail and my boyfriend ordered a beer. We also got nachos, which were mediocre, but we were so hungry so it was fine but I wouldn't order them again. For dinner, I got the Bourbon Blue burger and Cajun fries and my boyfriend got a Cesar salad with blackened steak tips. My burger was pretty awesome, though it came with lettuce tomato and onion, which wasn't listed on the menu. I hate tomatoes so this was not an enjoyable surprise for me as I took my first bite (I couldn't see that it was on my burger at first because it was under the burger and the restaurant has dim lighting). Once removing the tomato and onion, the burger was pretty great! Huge for my appetite so I could only eat half but my boyfriend didn't complain that he got to eat the other half! My boyfriend said his Cesar salad was average. I tried the blackened steak tips and they were awesome! The presentation wasn't very nice though. They just kinda dumped the steak tips on top. 
I'll be back to Bourbon Blue for drinks. The food was fine but nothing I'm dying to go back for. I should note that this place can accommodate large groups. We saw a table of 16 or more people!Breakfast quesadilla. Go here for brunch and get it. Just do it.
Other than that, this is a decent place to grab some lunch or dinner... not a huge menu, but some different offerings than what you'll find on the rest of Main Street. The entrees are a little expensive considering where you're eating, but I haven't had a bad meal there. Not amazing, but just real solid food.
The bar can get pretty douchey on Friday & Saturday nights... but I've had fun there when there are live bands. I've also gone for happy hour when they have a guy playing acoustic covers and had a really good time. Also a plus that their happy hour is later (6-8) than your average.I came here for Brunch a few times as well as had dinner at the menu.  Try the nachos, Catfish sliders, burger and fried pickles.  All pretty tasty.  What I really love is when they are washed down with alcohol during happy hours because the apps and bar food are half off.
Another plus is I have had two servers the several times I came in and both offer excellent service.  One, I'm sorry I don't know his name, is a real friendly bartender.  Remembers what I usually drink even though I don't come in every day and when we have conversations, its like talking to an old friend.  
I have not tried the other main dishes, the stuff you eat at the bar.  I have eaten though what I like so far and the location is right down by the Schuylkill river, which is nice.No stars for this place. If you go there with kids they over look them as if they don't want them there and only half heartily care about you getting up to leave because the service is less then anything I have ever encountered.Used to be the favorite happy hour spot for my group, but the last three times we've been there the service has been getting progressively worse.  The happy hour drink specials changed and the sever wouldn't honor the old specials yet the signs are still posted in the lavatories and online.  We are not a picky group and just went with the new specials, but the burger and brew was a favorite. I've read other reviews and I can see the management doesn't seem to care about the customers, especially if you read the rude and snide remarks of Brenden M. On the comment left by Nicole F.  His comments and attack on a guest might be the last straw in never returning here again.The Scene: Mild summer night. Deck-dining. Lots of other people deck-dining too.
The Drink: Rogue Dead Guy. My first since last Halloween's Yelp event!
The New Love of My Life: Bourbon Blue's Southern Fried Chicken entree.
I'm always on the lookout for good chicken -- particularly the fried kind. It look half a second of glancing at the menu to decide on this $20 entree, which also came with spinach, mashed potatoes and gravy. Absolutely delicious. All of it. I think I had a dream about this meal last night.
Needless to say, I would recommend this place and I'd go back. Soon. For the chicken.went there today and saw that they had a southern theme so I decided to order the jambalaya ya ya and since it was brunch and I love scrapple I ordered a side of scrapple....The jambalaya was served in a very small bowl,wasnt spicy at all,and was mostly okra and fake chicken,the scrapple was also a small piece which was surprising.If a southern themed restaurant doesnt have outstanding jambalaya then I will not return and this jambalaya was nothing spectacularDefinitely one of the best happy hours in Manayunk. 5:30-7:30 on week nights there is a wide selection of $5 snacks including calamari and a full cheeseburger platter, $4 beer, $5 wine and $6 cocktails. I recommend the calamari, nachos and cheesesteak egg rolls. They also have specials or each night of the week. All of their food is pretty good and they have a great drink selection. 
The atmosphere is best in the nice weather months because they have a great porch overlooking the river. I've also been here for brunch and they had a good selection and delicious French toast.So dissapointed. They used to have 3 dollar three olives during happy hour. They charged me 6 dollars for each drink and when I asked the waiter he said that they raised the prices. Why would you not say that but mention them when I asked you about happy hour specials? Also, they still advertise their 3 dollar three olives in the bathroom door. They now have 4 dollar mixed drinks apparently,  which I gladly would have paid for except our waiter obviously had no communication skills about their new menu. This used  to be my favorite happy hour place (twice a month)...I have their rewards card which has 300+ points. My friends and I werent pleased and will be going somewhere else next time.  one star because they have great fried pickles and veggie burgers.Very tasty food.  Great ambiance! Would definitely return!  Jambalaya had amazing flavor.I really had a great time here last week.  They have a nice outdoor patio that is comfortable and offered a nice view.  It was a slow Tuesday night, but our server was still attentive.  She patiently gave us time while we looked over the menu for a long time, yet was quick with our drink refills.  The Filet Medallions were great but the asparagus and potatoes were just average.  My date's Mushroom Ravioli was also really good.  I wish I could give 4.5 stars because the only negative was the sides to my dish, but even they weren't that bad.  I'll definitely be back.I love Cajun food and I LOVE shrimp and grits! We randomly stumbled upon this place and we were not disappointed. Perfectly cooked food and the bartender was more than happy to help introduce my husband to a good bourbon. Will definitely be back!I went with a large group (9) and we decided we didn't want to sit at a regular table, which I had made rsvps for, we wanted to combine bar tables.  They happily accommodated us.  The Drinks were great and the food was good.  The Service was Awesome, Shoot out to Christina for being on the Ball the entire time!!!!  Honestly the only reason I am not giving them a 5 is bc we ordered lots of food and passed the plates around the table and I was not a fan of all their food.