Having a great experience for dinner involves many things: Food, Service, Company, Ambiance etc... 
Looking at the Branzino Yelp's ratings it is all over the place from five to one stars. After my dinner last week, I understand why. The main gripe that people have is about SERVICE. However service comes from the top (management) and I believe this is where the problem comes from for Branzino. Every time I went I was never greeted in or out by a member of the management. 
Last week, our food was good to very good: The Branzino and the pork were 5 stars, the appetizers 3 and the dessert 4. The service was not bad at all and I will give it 4 stars - 
Where the restaurant failed was at the end. We were 3 couples and gave 3 credit cards to be divided equally (if not it is very difficult to do if based on what was consumed by each guest). The server told us that he could take only 2 credit cards - not 3 (management problem). What kind of reasoning is that??? They happily take 1 CC for 2 people, 2 CC for 4 BUT for more people they accept only 2 CC (some other reviews have complained about that). There is nothing like bad service or nonsense rules like this to spoil an evening that otherwise would have been a pleasant one.The portions were smaller than expected. However the dining environment was serene. And the food that was made with perfection. Taste wasn't disappointing but proportion was...My father gave it the highest praise he can give an eatery: I'll come here again. That's saying something if you know my dad. 
That said, I don't think any of you do. So...The food first. The salads were classic and good, not great. The soup was a seriously good butternut squash rendition. And then the pastas, well, they were light and sauced perfectly. Not too much meat, but enough to make the papparadelle dish hearty. And the venison was cooked to perfection, the meat itself was perfection -- almost chocolaty in its richness. A wonderful cut of meat. Dessert-wise, the tirimisu was a miss, and the chocolate mousse was rich and hit the spot for the boys at the table, but the fig gelato is the way to go. I ate half of my mom's entire plate...
The service was great, and the staff were truly accommodating. My dad asked for a combination of two dishes with a classic sauce that wasn't on the regular menu that night, and it wasn't even the mildest problem. Not bad for a first visit!This restaurant is reason enough to return to Philadelphia.  Food was great.  Everything, appetizers, pasta dishes, dessert, all excellent.  Great atmosphere.
The dining scene in New York City is more formal so I had to pleasantly adjust to the slightly less formal atmosphere that is Philadelphia.  From the moment I arrived in Philadelphia I noticed that the City is younger and just a little less formal (in a good way), I came to find it endearing.  I was a little surprised when the waiter addressed us as "Guys" rather than "Gentlemen," that would never happen in New York but I liked it.
The food was amazing, I loved the place.  BYOB, awesome.  This meal easily would have cost twice the amount in New York City, especially with such a nice wine.  I'm looking forward to returning...I would give it 5 stars for the food and 2 for the service. I had outstanding food at this Italian BYOB near Rittenhouse. Very fresh food especially the excellent seafood dishes and pastas. Great calamari and crab cake appetizers. All the main courses looked great and the red snapper special I had was darn good with warm soft polenta as a side. The desserts however were nothing special (you could find equivalent desserts at Costco). Portions were large for all courses. The service was atrocious even though the wait staff was nice and tried hard. It took over 15 minutes before we got our menues and then over 10 minutes after that before they even took our order. Water glasses were not refilled until we asked and we had to wait over a half hour between courses. The bottom line is you can get great food here if you are willing to wait for it.This is the 3rd time at this restaurant. The food is good, not great and had much better else where for the price but dining in the garden is why we go. We will not be going back though. Last time we were there we had an obnoxious waiter. We asked if we could have time before we ordered, he said yes then came back under 5 minutes. Our guest asked what was good on the appetizer side and he stated his two favorites but our guest did not hear him so she asked again. he snapped back I already told you. He pushed us to dine fast even though there were out door tables available all night and it was our friends birthday. When the check came we asked for change. He then came back and said that we only left $110 and the bill was $80.00. We were so irritated and felt so uncomfortable that we left the monies and said we would never go back. We live in Florida but have an apt in the city. This is on the no go list.Their front of the house processes need some significant improvement.  Six weeks prior to Mothers Day, my partner and I made reservations for brunch through OpenTable so we could treat his mother. Four days before Mothers Day, they canceled the reservation with no explanation.  When my partner called back, they re-booked us for our table only to call me a couple of hours later to say they'd be closed.The  back and forth was frustrating and time consuming and we had difficulty finding any reservations worth taking for Mothers Day brunch.  If they knew they would be closed, they never should have given us reservations twice.Went here with my boyfriend on a date night. We had a reservation and were seated immediately although we had a little trouble locating the hostess.
The restaurant was absolutely packed and little loud but we still were able talk without screaming. The crowd was a little older and did not approve of my tank top (woops).
We ordered the mozzarella and heirloom tomato appetizer and it was great as was my gnocchi and my boyfriends veal. The waitress was friendly and attentive and the check was reasonable. Will definitely return!There are a lot of nice aspects to Branzino, and some tasty bites.  My entree was not very good and that really overshadows the many enjoyable parts of  my dinning experience.
Sat outside early on a beautiful Saturday night.  The seating is very comfortable with cushioned wicker chairs.  The server was friendly and knowledgeable about the menu.  The other server was very attentive in filing our water glass.
Shared the grilled octopus and a small bowl of paperdelle. I really enjoyed both dishes, the pasta was especially good home made and cooked perfectly.
My issue was with my entree. The veal porterhouse which was the most expensive dish on the menu was lackluster at best.  Most of the chop was inedible gristle, and the center meat was fairly bland for veal. It was a workout to cut through to the tender parts, and was not wow'd when I got there. Seemed a waste to leave so much of a $38 chop on the plate, but I just couldn't chew or cut through it.
Branzino is a cool little spot, and they do a lot of things right. I would go back for some pasta, but I don't think I would be ordering a meat course any time soon.Not only was the food delicious, but the restaurant made special accommodations for our group of 12. Not only did we show up late, sadly our group of 12 dwindled to just seven. However, the wait staff didn't blink an eye. They treated us with the same care and courtesy that you'd expect from a five-star restaurant, despite the fact that our bill was essentially cut in half.
On top of that, the Caprese salad was one of the best I've ever had. Our server told us that the chef has a tomato connection, and he wasn't kidding! And the mozzarella practically melted in your mouth. The Branzino skin was perfectly crispy and seasoned - and the tiny pasta (reminiscent of Israeli couscous) mixed with the tomato/olive compote was a great balance of flavors.
The dessert potions were very generous and tasty, as was the cappuccino.I went for lunch and had a nice meal. The Food seemed carefully prepared and the I had a grilled calamari which was very tasty. The place was a bit pricey for lunch, ( it is near Rittenhouse though) but the food was of a good quality for the price. I would recommend it to others and will be back.A group of friends and myself went to Branzino a few weeks ago and it was a nice experience. Nothing over the top but a good meal. Went again last night for my friend's birthday dinner. We brought a birthday cake in and the waiter informed me that there was a $3.50 per plate fee for the birthday cake.  I honestly thought he was trying to be funny and cute but he was serious! This left a bad taste in my mouth for the remainder of the night...plus, the rolls that were as hard as river rocks didn't help the situation.  Obviously, birthday festivities are frowned upon in this establishment.A friend and i needed a night out and didnt have a res. They made room for us, kindly. The food was delicious, great portions and perfectly cooked. Amazingly kind staff and good prices.The calamari appetizer was amazing as well as their branzino. It's a bigger restaurant but friendly staff, very accommodating, and their restaurant week menu was their exact normal menu.I really like this place.  It can get a bit hectic during dinner, but is pretty slow during lunch.  They fixed up the place since I last visit, and I appreciate the cleaner look.  The food is good, I like the beef carpaccio and calamari, gnocci, and their salmon and branzino.  DO NOT go if you have a party over 4.Let's start with our arrival. My girlfriend and I arrived Saturday night, Valentine's day, for a 9;30 PM reservation. We both should've known we were about to enter a world of depression, when we entered the brightly lit restaurant to find every single table glance up at us, with a look that said "are you here to save me?" Since no one greeted us, aka a hostess, we proceeded to find one. That's when we stumbled upon the holding area, which looked like the DMV on a Saturday. Dozens of couples, frustrated, tired, and sober, all waiting for their tables. The host said they were running behind, but we could wait downstairs. Cut to us in a basement, with 5 other sober couples with no bar, and no hope in sight for getting our tables on time. It seriously felt like an episode of Hells Kitchen or some shit. A drunk girl came down the stairs (the benefit of BYOB), to use the bathroom. We knew exactly where those were cause we were standing 5 feet from them! After a few minutes we heard other couples talk about their 9 pm reservations and knew that ours, 9:30 PM, at this rate meant we weren't sitting down before 10:30 PM the earliest. So we ended up leaving, getting a refund on our sketchy $50 deposit, and walking into Alma De Cuba (which is amazing) where they were able to seat us by the bar. The night was saved, but I don't know why Branzino has anything about 1 star reviews. I get it, v day is a big night. Then don't overschedule, or at least be honest with people when they arrive and tell them we're sorry, but it's going to be close to a two hour wait. The fact that they don't have a bar for people to kill time doesn't help either.Extremely disappointed. The tasteless beef ragout they serve as Bolognese has absolutely nothing to do with the real thing. I many friends from Italy who cooked this dish for me before, all with slight variations, but all 5* compared to what they served. 
Talking about the service, it was virtually non-existent. I took them ~30 mins to give us some water and menus. The waiter apologized that he was not our waiter, but then more or less served us during the evening. The he insisted I that I ordered the salad he served me and only after checking with the head waiter he brought me the salad I actually ordered.I saw some positive reviews for this place, but all I can say is that the people who love the food here are either friends of the owners, the owners themselves, or are people with no experience in eating 'fine dining' Italian. My shrimp and scallops were so over cooked they were actually chewy and difficult to eat. My friend ordered a walnut and apple salad with onion which was largely ALL onion, about 1 slice of apple and a single walnut (not kidding). My chocolate mouse dessert was frozen in the center - so clearly not made fresh. 
The service was horrible - we had to keep getting up and finding our wine bottle and pouring it ourselves, we had to ask for bread for the table initially (which took them 10 minutes to bring), we'd ask for water refills and they'd only do 1/2 of the table. The restaurant doesn't even seem finished - open gang boxes in the walls and ceilings with wires poking out, no sprinkler system (how it ever got approved to open is beyond me), tables set-up at the bottom of the main stair case leaving like 16 inches of room to up and down the steps, and the bathrooms - OMG. The 'closet' with the toilet in it (inside what they call the bathroom) has the door opening inward so you have to straddle the toilet to open the door and get out. There were jars of wood putty, tubes of caulk and cleaning supplies on the sink. And this was during restaurant week - you would think they'd have made more of an effort. 
They squeezed 8 of us around a 4 top (kid you not and we weren't a walk-in), the staff were rude and had the attitude they were doing us a favor, not the other way around. Bad, bad, bad.
Oh, and there were protestors about the owner out front which made it fun too!Went here with my family on a recent Saturday night.  Made reservations on Opentable and we were seated as soon as we arrived.  I had no idea that Branzino was so big inside!! It is really nice inside.  
We got the restaurant week menu, which we were happily surprised to find out that, unlike most other restaurants who participate, it was not a limited menu - we were able to order whatever we wanted off of the whole menu!
Appetizers - we got the buffalo mozzarella and a few got the caesar salad.  I didn't have the salad, but my mom and her boyfriend were pleased with it.  I enjoyed the buffalo mozzarella - I've had better, but it was definitely good.  Oh, the bread and olive oil concoction that they give the table is delicious, too!!
Entrees (I don't remember the actual Italian names from the menu!): Squash Ravioli - VERY light, delicious, but a little on the small side; Bowtie pasta wtih Shrimp & Crabmeat - my mom got this, she loved it...I tasted it, the shrimp were amazing and the sauce was perfect, YUM!; Green & White Fettucine with Shrimp, Crabmeat, & Sundried tomatoes - I got this, the fettucine was super thin, light...not at all heavy like you would expect it to be - very good!; Gnocchi - my picky eater of a brother got the gnocchi, he liked it, but like the squash ravioli, it really wasn't a good size portion - he was still hungry!; Breaded Veal  - my mom's bf got this, he liked it, that's all he really said : )  
The tiramisu was OK, but the chocolate mousse cake was divine.  It was the perfect marriage of rich and light.  I am so not a dessert person, but this was delish!!
The only bad thing that I can say is that the bathroom was located in the front room - right next to a table of diners....it was really awkward and weird, and I hated it!  The hostess later explained that their bathrooms were under renovation and are actually located in a different (more private) spot!I would rate this about 2.5 stars.  The food was just ok.  My pasta came out cold and the cheese placed on top was ice cold - no chance that it was going to melt into the pasta.  My dessert came out melted.
While this was restaurant week and was cheap-ish, isn't the point to encourage me to come back?  There is no way I am coming back.  I only went because my friends wanted to go.Bring back the old menu!! I had been to Branzino perhaps 25 times since it opened and absolutely loved it! Especially the garlic shrimp and scallops on arugula and the lamb shank. Who didn't love the lamb shank. Late July visit, the menu was so limited! The octupus appetizer portion was very small, couldn't find anything on the new limited menu that sparked a real interest (didn't feel like Branzino that nite) so ordered the steak which was meh! My friend's veal tonnato...was not. It will be a while before I am back to what was one of my former favorite restaurants.We went to Branzino for Valentine's dinner (after Bella Cena totally screwed us over, which I am now super thankful for!).  It was a great experience and we will definitely be back before we leave Philly.  They had a prie fixe menu, four courses for $55 and also a regular menu where you could order the normal stuff or the prie fixe stuff a la cart.  We decided that four courses was a bit much (an app, a pasta dish, a main dish, and a dessert?!) so we went with an app each, a main dish, and split a dessert.  I have a soft spot for raw tuna so I got the tuna carpacchio which was pretty amazing (and had a small salad on top so it was like two apps in one!).  The boyfriend got the roasted baby beet salad (we've been eating beets like there's no tomorrow lately) which had candied walnuts and was super tasty.  
For my main dish I got the special pan seared sea bass and it was AMAZING.  Melt in my mouth good and so light.  YUM.  I would go back just for this dish over and over.  Boyfriend got the venison which he really liked, I tried it and definitely preferred my bass :)  Dessert was mascarpone cheesecake which was small but tasty.  
Our server was attentive but not annoying and she kept filling up my wine glass before it was even empty (boyfriend doesn't drink so I had a whole bottle to myself, which I didn't finish, I swear!).Absolutely amazing. We ordered almost everything on the menu and nothing disappointed. I am usually a steak-lover over seafood, but the branzino dish here upped my admiration for fish. Very yummy! It's BYOB so we were able to get a ton of food without killing our bill with alcohol. A must visit.Had dinner at this wonderful BYOB this past weekend.  Was pleasantly surprised, since I had read mixed reviews, but the four of us defintely enjoyed our meals.  I like that you can order a pasta dish for an appetizer and the price is just $12 - we tried the squid died pasta with scallops/shrimp and it was delicious.  Someone had a salad, and the fig and prosciutto which they thoroughly devoured.  My husband ordered the stuffed pork chop and it was amazing - cooked to perfection - friends ordered pasta dishes, and since I was at
Branzino's, I had to go with this delicous fish filleted  perfectly tableside, which was recommended by our charming server with the lovely accent...Desserts were just okay, but all in all, a very enjoyable meal in a beautiful dining room.  We will visit again...Byob!! Food and outside seating area was great. Make sure you plan a time for a long dinner. Also they were weird about payment- only wanted us to pay with two cards.
Went for restaurant week and definitely enjoyed ourselves. Had the capersse salad and gnocchi, which both were delicious. We sat outside where there were several tables on a closed in patio with flowers. The inside was very nice and definitely on the fancier side.Had reservations at branzino over the weekend for four people. After we ordered it took one hour just to get our two pasta appetizers and another 45 minutes to receive our entrees. We asked our server several times to check on our food and got no response. We approached a manager and never once did she apologize. She actually suggested it was our fault for not approaching her sooner about the matter. By the time we got the entrees our entire party just wanted to get out of here. The manager never checked back with us on how our entrees were and nothing was taken off the bill.
The food is not that great and overpriced. The best item on the menu was the rabbit ragu. Excellent byob options down the street. We will not be returning to Branzino.This place is so good!!
A bunch of friends and I (about 12 of us) went here during restaurant week this past fall. None of us were disappointed! Service was very quick for such a large group. Our waitress was so sweet! The portions were very good considering it was restaurant week and most places cut down on portion size! The variety on the menu was nice.
I felt like I was in Italy - It is small and has an Italian decor. Definitely get reservations ahead of time!!It's unfortunate, but this place was the kind of spot your parents would have liked in the seventies when eating out was more about the decor and ambiance than about the food.  The food was not bad, it was just unimaginative and felt like the creation of a talented amateur rather than a professional.  Given how amazing the restaurant scene is in Philly, there are many better places to spend this kind of money ($60 pp for salad, half-pasta and entree).I chose Branzino for my group of 8 after a Philly Pops show.  It was easy to make a reservation on open table, and it's 3 blocks from the Kimmel Center.  I really enjoyed my fettuccine and mozzarella and tomato app.  My mom order the hen, and it was very under cooked.  She told the waitress and it was put back in the oven.  It came back and looked better, but as she was eating, the middle still wasn't done.  She requested that they take it off the bill, which they did without any problems, but she ended up getting sick the next day.  I absolutely appreciated the service, but they really shouldn't be serving un-cooked chicken, so watch for that.I really enjoyed Branzino...I was in Philly for a weekend and it was a great BYOB to try...the food was really good...the Mussels were to die for, the service was too....The place is small but relative to most byob in Philly it wasn't bad....they had two rooms...the one I was in had murals that gave the feeling of dept, so the place felt larger...I didn't give it a 5 stars because I need to go to a place more than once to rate it the highest....the 5th star is for consistency.A formal setting -- but the type that means floral-print cushions and and a stodgier, more old-world feeling.
The beef carpaccio was delicious.
My squash ravioli was tasty as well, but the texture didn't feel as fresh as it could have been.
Yay for BYO!!Went here with my boyfriend for Philadelphia Restaurant Week on a Sunday night. The atmosphere is meant to feel homey but still nice. We ordered a Caesar Salad and Carpaccio with Crab Ravioli and Tiramisu. The service throughout dinner was fine.
There are a few reasons for the two stars. The simplest thing we could have ordered, the Caesar salad, was completely botched - old lettuce, drenched in dressing, soggy croutons. It had obviously been made in a huge vat and served throughout the entirety of the day to any unfortunate soul who ordered it. We also found a shell in our crab ravioli during our main course. For the the price and food, we will not be coming back. There are better restaurants to go to for dinner during Restaurant Week.A decent BYO in Rittenhouse/Center City.  
I went during on a Monday Evening and had no problem getting in - it was pretty empty.  
I had the ceasar salad, the gnocchi and the chocolate/hazelnut cake.  
The salad tasted good, but the lettuce leaves were noticeably older, a little wilted and brown.  
The gnocchi was average, just bland.  
The cake was really delicious, the best part of the meal.  
Service was good, and the ambiance was a little fancier.  I was in jeans and didn't feel uncomfortable but it was a nicer feel.Charming BYOB just off Rittenhouse with an excellent wait staff. I enjoy when your water glass is always refilled .Apps and entries were delicious and of course we overate  by ordering tasty desserts. I will go back to enjoy another enjoyable evening at Branzino'sI had a great experience dining here for the first time on Friday night with my boyfriend and another couple. The service was impeccable and the food was delicious. I would definitely recommend the mussels and the gnocchi sorrento (homemade gnocchi in red sauce topped with fresh mozz). It's BYOB and accepts credit cards which seems to be a rare combination. I will definitely be going back.One of the worst dining experiences in recent memory.  The food is fine but, unfortunately, that's where it begins and ends.  We were seated in a front room with a table of seven semi-inebriated cackling "young ladies".  The other room had two large parties; why weren't they in there as well?  The waiter bordered on sarcastic and I spent the night straining to hear our guest, a very ill friend who could not raise her voice over the girls.  On the way out, we were asked by another table if this was the norm as that evening was their first time there.
There is something called customer service and the lack of same this week has caused this resturant to go from being a favorite to an avoid in my world.  The front of the house needs some attention.Even one star is too good for this place.  Absolutely awful!! I ate there with my friends and our reservation was for 8:30.  We did not sit down until after 9:15.  Not only that it was cold and raining that night and they made us wait outside- saying there was no room for us to wait inside.  So for 45 minutes we waited.  We would have gone somewhere else but a Saturday night in Rittenhouse is not the easiest place to sit without a reservation.  
We were aware this is a BYO and brought our own.  They held our alcohol for us inside- however they did not tell us we were not allowed to bring our own mixers- simply pineapple juice.  They took that from us as well and when we asked for it back they would not return it until after the meal.  
Once we finally sat we had to wait again for service.  We finally got to order only to find they were out of almost everything we wanted to eat.  We were left with eating pasta dishes, and believe me that is the last place we would have gone if thats what we knew we were eating.  
Too make a long story short, our waiter was great,  He felt really bad about everything!  The owner and his wife are not so great.  They did nothing for us.  Not even comp a cup of coffee.  
If you are interested in eating here- FIND SOMEWHERE ELSE!!!!DO NOT EAT HERE!!! Food is mediocre at best and the manager (dark haired woman with an accent) who took our order was rude and literally asked us to leave at the end of the meal, saying there were people waiting for a table. Excuse me, but isn't it the restaurant's responsibility not to overbook? She rushed us through our menu selections, expressed disgust when we weren't ready to order, then told us no less than three times to hurry up and pay because people were waiting. And they were...outside in the freezing cold even though they had reservations. Even after telling her that she was being rude (in a professional manner) she didn't apologize and forced us out! The food was not good, calimari and crab were fishy, and we were cramped into a small space. Save your money and energy and go to any one of the many excellent Italian restaurants Philly has to offer. We will NEVER go back.I've always been a huge fan of Branzino, but on my most recent visit I was a little disappointed, and what would have been 4 stars is being docked to 3.  I was with a big group, and we were the only ones on the second floor.  The waiter, Matt, was great, very attentive with re-filling the wine glasses.  
Onto the food: the pork chop was amazing, as was the squash ravioli.  My friend's husband said it was the best pork chop he's ever had.  Not so good was the fact that the bread they gave us was burnt, and the pasta in my shrimp and crab dish was way undercooked.  It was chewy and just not enjoyable.  
I've previously had really positive experiences here, so I'm hopeful that this was just a fluke, and that I can update this to 4 or 5 stars next time.What a wonderful meal, service and atmosphere!! Fresh homemade bread, the Branzino was so tender and seasoned perfectly. The panna cotta was heaven. I can't wait to go back !!I ate here for a corporate function on a Wednesday night. I like how they'll let you order the pastas as appetizer portions and I really enjoyed the rabbit papperdelle I ordered. However, the porkchop (my entree) was dry and overcooked. My mascarpone cheesecake was creamy but a little on the sweet side. Overall, the experience was good but nothing to rave about.We tried this place out during RW. We were seated promptly by the window. Our bottle of wine was uncorked quickly. The beef carpaccio was really good and so was the buffalo mozzarella. We ordered the pasta w/ crab meat & shrimp in a brandy sauce, and the veal stuffed w/ fresh mozzarella and Italian ham in a Marsala sauce. Both entrees were cooked to perfection and had lots of flavor. We really enjoyed the entrees! The tiramisu was really good and would have been outstanding if it wasn't partially frozen in the middle. The staff was very attentive and prompt. Overall I would recommend this place. It is an enjoyable Italian BYO.Food was of delicate flavor. We ordered bronzino with a multicolored couscous, lentil and beet salad, whole wheat spaghettini and salad. Delicious and top notch service. Lively fun atmosphere.Agree with those who recommend asking for the back room.  The only criticism is that it gets loud.overall our experience was alright. the server was very slow to service us. also english was not his primary language so it was difficult to understand him. and it did not help how noisy the room was to hear him or any other conversation.  we waited long periods of time to order and to receive each course of food. when we got our food the portions were extremely small for how pricy this restaurant is. first course despite being slow was alright. got to say that the octopus appetizer despite being small was delicious! after waiting a long time we got dinner which is were things really took a turn for the worse. they first brought out one of the diners meals.  then most of the other diners had to wait fifteen minutes afterward which made the first diner's food cold by the time most of us received ours and ate. two of the diners had steaks one veal and one beef. they first put the beef steak in front of the diner that ordered veal and then they moved it over to the right diner. then that diner who was supposed to to get the veal steak never got it.  we had to request several times to get the manager and owner over to resolve this issue. when she came over she admitted the problem and apologized but was begrudgingly about compensating us for our horrible service. she was willing to have the server pay for the steak he forgot to order. when we started to complain about her lackluster apology and the horrible service overall that is where she became belligerent. the server knew he screwed up and apologized to us and then provided three free desserts and coffees.Just had a late lunch here today, and it was a nice place for a pleasant lunch after a long meeting.  We came here based on a word-of-mouth recommendation, and it was  a good choice.
I had tortelloni with veal and chicken - I found the sauce to be a bit garlicky, but that's a question of taste.  My dining companions had salmon with some lovely roasted root veggies, and a salad.  I thought for the price, it was well worth it -- about $12/person for a nice sitdown lunch - that's almost what you'd pay somewhere like Panera or an upscale deli!
It's hard to say if I'd come back, but it's good to know of a good place in the neighborhood and I thought it was a good value.Was in Philadelphia for a conference and went here with some of the attendees.  Service was very nice, professional.  Dining room was very loud.  Food quality was good - though the octopus in the salad was a touch over marinaded before cooking.  Rabbit papardelle was excellent, and the veal chop special one of the other guests had was very good as well.
The prices are very reasonable especially considering BYOB and its location.
I would definitely return for a visit when in Philadelphia.The food was delicious and the service was excellent. Downsides:  Our round table was so close to a wall that it was hard for the corner people to get out. It was also difficult to find the hostess station since it's in the middle of the restaurant in a tiny hallway.It was restaurant week. Did not know that when I went. I thought the food was bland. I don't remember the last time I added salt to a veal dish at an Italian restaurant. I was surprised how boring the food was considering all of the high marks it has been given on yelp. I had the same experience last year when I went during restaurant week at le bec fin. Do they offer lesser food during restaurant week, that is my question.Shame on you, Branzino- I've never been treated so poorly by restaurant management in my life.  I went to the establishment with some girlfriends and the staff was so rude we actually paid for our food and asked to have it packed up before the entrees reached the table.  Sadly, I never got to eat it because the bag broke on the way home.  My favorite quote of the evening was "You can't just sit here and drink wine for free."  Really, because it's a BYO & our check was close to $200.  The entire experience was tremendously disappointing & somewhat confusing, since we were there to dine and spend money.  Maybe they were having a bad day, I don't know.  But if I owned a place with a dining room less than half full on a Friday night, I'd treat people with a little more courtesy.My mom was visiting the city so we were hoping to find a nice restaurant for lunch. Unfortunately, we did not have such luck and ended up leaving hungry and disappointed. The bread took 20 minutes to come out and it was stale. Then came the salads. My mom ordered the arugula with pear salad and they managed to forget the pear. Then when she asked for the pear, it came sliced and they left the sticker on it (so they probably did not even wash the pear). Then came our meal... the pork milanese which was a thick piece of deep-fried panko covered meat which was not cooked. We could not even get our knife through it and realized it was because it was raw. They did try to make up for it by taking it off the bill, but overall it was not a good experience and left us feeling unsatisfied. We ended up paying $25 for 2 tiny salads, one of which was horrible. We will not be returning.I think 3 stars might be generous, or maybe it was an off night. Went here for Valentine's Day weekend. And I know it can be a busy time, but it wasn't that crowded in there to be honest. I felt so rushed we barely could even finish our wine. And I usually have no problem splitting a bottle of wine with a date during a dinner. The whisk evening was super rushed. We had to order everything together, then we barely were able to finish our apps before our entree was brought out. It just didn't feel very romantic and like a great place to have dinner for a date. As I said, not sure if it was something that night or what. But I probably wouldn't go back because the food was good, but just ok. Standard as to Italian byobs in philly. And with so many to choose from, I feel like you have I stand out.I'd walked past this place many times and always wanted to try it, but didn't get around to it.  Finally during restaurant week, my boyfriend and I decided to give it a try as it was one of the only byo's on the list.  It was pretty good.
To start, their menu selection was extensive and had many options for carnivores and vegetarians alike, which is always nice.  I'm not a vegetarian, but I always appreciate having the option when I'm out to eat.  We started off with the beef carpacio and caprese type salad which were both decent.  I felt like it was slightly underseasoned or was missing something that I couldn't quite put my thumb on.  The portion was large for an app, which I will never complain about.  Then we moved on to the main course of Branzino and some kind of meat dish (can't remember) that my boyfriend got.  The fish was light and flaky with just enough sauce.  I really enjoyed it and did not feel like a whale after I was finished.  Finally, we finished with cheesecake and tiramisu.  The cheesecake was meh and the tiramisu was light and satisfying.  I liked it here and would be willing to go back, but am not in any rush.I love this restaurant. Me and my boyfriend enjoy coming here to have some authentic, fresh Italian dishes. Portions are not bad, but you should order an appetizer so not to be hungry after you get your main dish. Service is overall very good besides a time that we had eaten there around 9:45pm where I felt slightly rushed by. I guess its better to go during a 6:00-8:00 dinner time, not too late b/c I thought the food wasn't as good as it was at an earlier dinner time. 
Rabbit Ragu pasta very yummy!
Their caprese salad is ok...
Branzino looked very good!
Pretty insideLiving in the area, I've been to Branzino a few times in the past three years.  Though always hoping for more, each time I am disappointed in some way.  To me, one of Philadelphia's best qualities is its vibrant restaurant culture, most notably all of the great BYO's.  
With La Viola around the corner, Branzino tries to distinguish itself as an upscale Italian BYO.  Knowing this, one would assume the menu selections, quality of the food and service would all be on par with a higher tier restaurant.  However this restaurant is certainly not worth the ~$20-$28 a plate that they charge.  I had a plate of pappardelle with rabbit.  It meal was decent, however was a bit oily.   
There service left a lot to be desired.  I was with a group of five at a table outside.  Throughout the meal we had a random frenzy of waiters and servers at times climbing over us to set plates down, remove plates, fill water glasses.  Normally I wouldn't, however it definitely interrupted our meal and conversations; not something I'd expect at a nice restaurant.   To top it off, a waiter knocked over one of our bottle of wine which chilling next to us.  A few of us were even splashed with ice, water and wine.  The waitstaff barely apologized an did nothing to accommodate us for the bottle of wine that was now on the sidewalk.
For the quality of the food and the service alone I wouldn't go back, especially with so many other options in the neighborhood.  Then add in the higher price for Italian food; and aren't many redeeming, qualities if any, that would bring me back to Branzino.Some friend and I went the last night of restaurant week.  Food was very good.  I had the branzino, which was just OK.  Everyone else enjoyed their meals.
The kicker was that after we had paid our bill and left our waiter the tip, we were asked to leave as our time was up....our alloted time of 90 minutes, so our waiter told us!Very good food reasonably priced with very attentive service. Beautiful outdoor garden seating. Lots of menu options - excellent orchestra.We chose Branzino for our son's rehearsal dinner (for 50) on January 3, 2015, and we could not have been more pleased. The food was delicious, the tables and dining room were lovely, and the service was friendly and professional.  The fact that Branzino is a BYOB was also a positive for us. All in all the evening was just perfect! Our thanks to Luan, Dori and their excellent staff. Bravo!The service is horrible, really disorganized. The dinner experience is more than the food is about enjoying the meal. The salmon is extremely small and when we complained there was no solution it was more problematic. We had problems with the check and our order. I don't recommend dinner at this place since the service is not good at all.Had dinner there tonight with my husband and two friends.   We ate in the garden which is wonderful.  The wait staff was attentive and pleasant.  The gazpacho soup was the best we have had. The octopus appetizer was very tender and delicious.  I had the Branzino which was the best I have had in a long time. Bathe fettuccini with shrimp and crab was also delicious.  Can't wait to go back.  Plus it is a BYOB. Definitely a must if looking for great food and ambience. We gave also eaten in the dining room which is beautiful.It's much nicer inside than it may seem.  We were all very pleased by the quality of the food.  Their Branzino fish is a real treat (though it's the most expensive item on the menu).What a wonderful find!  I would definitely recommend Branzino!  The food and service were excellent.  My husband and I love BYOBs and this is one we will go to again!Came here for Restaurant Week and it's pretty standard Italian food.  Service was spot on, the decor was beautiful, but the food was meh.
I had the veal scaloppini and it was way too heavy.  It tasted and looked like they just slapped a piece of sliced white cheese on the top of it.  Didn't really taste any proscuitto on it either.  The grilled artichoke appetizer was meh too.  You can basically make it at home. Dessert was just gelato.
I may give this place another shot because it is nice inside, service is excellent, and it's BYO.Not bad staff was friendly, food was ok. Not blown away. Better BYOBS in the cityFour of us went for dinner with a variety of wines in tow. I will say the food was really excellent and our waiter was very knowledgeable and courteous. Here is my one caveat: the physical decor , while attractive at first blush, was really shabby when you looked more closely -- stains on the upholstery, a filthy bathroom with broken toilet seat, and no where to stand when you walk in the front door -- and I would have a hard time sending friends there.We came here for a Birthday and we all loved it.  You can't go wrong with this BYOB place.  It is a very small place so make sure you make reservations for weekends.  Maybe because it was restaurant week, even though we had reservation at 8:30pm, we still have to wait a little longer, but it was well worth it.
Even though it was restaurant week, the menu was very extensive and portions were very reasonable.  Appetizer were great, must try the grilled squid.  I ordered a Green and White Fettucine but I had to sub it with chicken because I'm allergic to shellfish, the server was very nice about it.  Dessert was awesome with the chocolate mousse.
I will definitely come back here.  Be sure to make reservations and if you have a group larger than 6-8 (we had 6 people), it might be difficult to seat everyone.I love Branzino. I've been twice and both times everything was great - the ambiance, food and service. I can't wait to have better weather to take advantage of the romantic outdoor seating area. Simply put - the best BYOB around!
See ya next time :)Some friends and I decided to get a late(ish) dinner here on Saturday night. We had a reservation and were seated immediately.   There are three important points I need to make:
1. The food was good
I had something that involved arugula, scallops, shrimp, tomatoes, and mushrooms.  It was delicious and the flavors were complex and fun.  I also tasted the squid ink pasta dish. The pasta was fab and the fact that it was black and made with squid ink was pretty fun. 
2. BYOB so delicious wine. Yay us for bringing it.  They were swift in bringing our glasses and uncorking our multiple bottles.  This pleased the group. 
3. Service: They were very friendly and also turned the other way when we slammed our two bottles of wine, then proceeding to say things like "his turtle penis was so big!" as servers walked by (this was just the natural progression of conversation). 
The night ended when a server came to collect our wine glasses and spilled a tray of empty wine glasses everywhere.  Glass flew, it was our cue: we left tipsy, satisfied, and with some decent memories.Came here for Valentine's and we expected it to be busy but gosh they. were. busy!! We came and they were already 5 couples backed up! The hostess told us it'll be about 15 mins so we were like okay, we'll wait. An hour after, there's about 10 couples behind us and the hostess still don't know how long till we get seated!!! We were pretty patient but they we're pushing it. The diners were complaining bc the waiting couples were standing by their table, there's nowhere to sit AND the manager is nowhere to be found!!! The other people started a complaint match and that's when I ended up going to Open Table and looked for another reservation. We should've known better when they confirmed our reservation 4 days before.. never going back!!Branzinos is a BYOB in Rittenhouse that is tucked away on 17th street. I've eaten here before and was sat in the front room which is darker and more cramped, but we got a table in the back this time around which was much better. Our group was throwing a surprise party here and the staff was extremely accommodating to us.
We were able to get a deal for $45 that is similar to their restaurant week deal. It included a salad, pasta, entree and dessert. I got the Beef Carpaccio which was very good and perfect for a starter to an Italian meal. For the pasta there was only one option which was the a ravioli in a white cream sauce that was excellent. For our entree we had a choice of the branzino, chicken or pork chop. I went with the chicken but was able to try all 3 and not one of them was a disappointment. All 3 had their own distinct flavors and cooked perfectly. The last part of the meal, the dessert was not so great. Again we had 3 choices, the tiramisu, a chocolate cake and a flan. The best  of the 3 was the cake and the other 2 did not have much flavor nor didit really  taste good at all. 
Overall, great service, great food, ask for reservation to the back or outside and skip the dessert.Meh.
That's the only word I can think of to describe my Branzino experience. On Friday, my boyfriend, myself and another couple decided to go on a double date to somewhere none of us had been, so we picked a BYOB and decided on Branzino.
I ordered a caesar salad and the gnocchi sorrento. The caesar dressing in the salad was way too fishy (anchovies). I ate it, but when my boyfriend tried it, he had to do everything he could to not spit it out. I understand anchovies are a part of the caesar dressing, sometimes, but this was just a bit overpowering.
The gnocchi sorrento was a good portion size, and I was able to finish all of it. But the marinara/basil sauce was a bit too spicy for me, and in my opinion, they didn't give me enough fresh mozzarella on top. 
All in all, the service is good, I probably picked the wrong dishes, but I won't be returning. I would rather go to Bellini or La Fontana.the only reason I am giving this place four stars instead of five is because of the state of the bathrooms. one of the women's rooms stalls remained clogged and unusable throughout the duration of my meal, causing a line of women. many resorted to simply using the men's room instead.  the food was delicious, and there were so many options considering it was a restaurant week prefixe menu. an amazing  byob restaurant in a great location.Awful service.  We had been here as a group before but after we sat down and opened our wine bottles they told us now that we were required to order an app+primi or entree... Which is not on the menu. When questioned they said its because they have tables that just share everything and it is not cost effective. I wouldnt have cared if they put it on their menu but to just force us after the fact is just petty and tricky. There was no one on the restaurant yet they wouldn't budge. Worse even they left the patio door open and while we chose to sit inside the dining room stayed 85. We were in a hurry to leave BC of that and when we asked to speak to a mgr. About our concerns... They said all the mgrs were off for labor day wkend. sadly explains everything bout this place. Go to La Viola.We ate here (group of six) for Restaurant Week.  I noticed that it was a BYO, and that they had a lot of choices, so we decided to give it a try.  We were very happy when they offered the full menu!  My app of mussels was seriously enough for about 3 people.  The whole meal was great.  The wait staff was very attentive.  
The decor was a little outdated.  The place got pretty busy by the time we were leaving, but it was a Friday night.  All in all, great food, BYO, and nice wait staff.  I definitely recommend it!We went to Branzinos as part of Center City restaurant week. It was fantastic. There are three different dining rooms that I could see, though we sat at the table in the front right by the window. This place is BYOB and they have wine holders available to keep your wine chilled. 
I had the crab ravioli as an appetizer, which had a lemon zest kick to it. It was a cold ravioli which was new to me but not bad. The sirloin however, this is where I was won over. It was a lean and healthy cut of meat, cooked to medium rare perfection. The fingerling potatoes were just as fantastic. 
Overall, if you're looking for a nice dinner in the Rittenhouse area, definitely give this place a look!Love this restaurant- Delicious food, superior service. Atmosphere is nice too. I am a vegetarian and my husband is a huge meat/fish eater and we love coming here because the menu caters to both of us. 
From my experiences,I recommend getting a salad before your meal- the arugula pear salad is amazing. Really enjoyed the mushroom ravioli and Mascarpone cheesecake as well.
One of my top BYOBs in the city.I have dined at branzino a few times and I must say we always leave with a smile on our faces and full stomache. The food is excellent and consistent. My personal favorite is the ossobuccco while my husband usually tries a different home made pasta.
Service is good and friendly. We suggest sitting in the backyard garden on weekends. 
We wouldn't definatly recommend this BYO!I came here very excited to try out Branzino. As soon as I walked in, it was a very nice quiet place with an interesting menu. The restaurant had a great ambiance. Reserved a table for 4 on a friday night at 8:30 and were seated immediately. The problem was that we were placed in the corner and none of the staff I guess really saw us. Had a glass of wine and were waiting to order. When our waiter finally got to us it was already 20 mins into our night. He tells us the specials and one of us decided to order the pork chop special. About 10 minutes later he comes back to tell us that the pork chop has been changed to veal. So my friend asked for the menu again (ultimately he decides to go along with it). It takes him another 15 mins to bring out bread. And another 20 to get out the appetizers. And around another 30 minutes for the entrees.
Food: 3/5
Calamari Stufato- Found it to be drowned in sauce, barely any calamari, didn't notice a single golden raisin in it
Roasted shrimp- Came with 3 large prawns which were great, the oyster mushroom was I little overcooked
Capesante: The cauliflower was cold, and the scallops were inconsistent. I found 2 of the scallops burnt and did not bother mentioning to the restaurant considering it would be another 30 minute wait. The others had a nice color to them but as soon as you bite into them, you can tell that the scallops had been sitting in the window for quite some time.
The food definitely could have been better, tiny portions were given, and not enough balance in their dishes.
Service:  2/5
I thought the service was abysmal and I wanted to not leave a tip but I caved and still gave the restaurant more than they deserved. 
Atmosphere: 5/5
Great lighting, love the decorations and how everything is set in the restaurant. 
I was really looking forward to Branzino since I have heard great things but they definitely fell far from expectations. Would I dine here again? Probably not, and I would not recommend this restaurant to anyone. The atmosphere can only get you so far. If I was in the restaurant right now, I'd get up and go across the street for Italian cuisine or walk a couple blocks and find somewhere else.It is not often that my friends find ourselves as enthused as we were after our meal Saturday evening at Branzino. The everyone's meal was excellent - the veal was tender, the scallops cooked just right and the pumpkin custard was out of this world! The service was very attentive but not at all overbearing. This place is a keeper!The only good thing about this place was the wine that we brought. 
What a terrible night! We were here for Valentine's and had an absolute horrible time. Our reservation was pretty late (9:30pm) and when we arrived, there was an hour and a half delay. They were seating the 8:00pm reservations and people were just standing by the hostess. After a while, we finally got seated because apparently, a bunch of tables cleared up. I thought that at least we'll finally get to eat.
But no, the prize of finally being seated was more waiting. They featured a 6-course menu and each course took almost an hour to come. Multiple couples who had already sat down were still waiting for their salad. Some upped and left and were noticeably upset. A couple who had been there since 7 only got their first course (read: 3 hours). 
The water took 10 mins, the menu took another 10 mins, and the bread was a full 30 mins after we sat down. We skipped the 6-course menu, which the kitchen was clearly not equipped for and ordered off their a la carte selection. We still waited a good 2 hours for our courses to arrive but at least, we got fed. We ordered a side of roasted potatoes that came late. They offered to take it off the bill, but I never would've paid for it anyway. 
They should've offered a discount to everyone there. What a disaster! Would I come here on a regular night? No.I went here with my wife on a date night. The place looks really tiny from the windows that face the street...its funny how big it actually is inside. When we ordered two appetizers and two main course items, we were pretty sure that we were not gonna be able to finish eating all of it...there were two reasons why this assumption was wrong. 
1. We ordered main courses which were small portions (ppl around us had much larger portions)
2. Tasty food = eating a lot
The Gnocchi was to die for. The cool thing is that you can order an entree as an appetizer for a reduced price. 
The service was slow but it as a very busy night I guess. I did not have much to complain since the server in charge of refilling you wine glass had perfect timing. 
I was expecting the place to be much more expensive than it actually turned out to be. 
This place is perfect for a nice quiet dinner...very delicious food and reasonable prices. We will go again for sureBranzino was a great experience. Four of us went there and brought our own bottles. Service was good as well as food. We all chose a 3 course meal. Everything came out in a timely manor and I have no complaints.In a normal scenario, I would've been thrilled that Branzino did not have a seat at the front of the house as I had asked during my reservation (forget the window, the entire room was packed)  The backroom with the muraled walls and chandeliers was straight out of a history book. 
Now for the but...Our table for two turned into three with a pillar literally at table-side and on my face.  Apparently our waitress forgot but we were shameless with a direct "can we get some bread, please."  We couldn't order appetizers ahead of the entrees. ("sorry, but the kitchen is busy." seriously) For a table slightly larger than our napkin, you get the picture. Our dessert menu came in with, you guessed it, the entree orders. 
The food was really the saving grace with great flavors and semi generous portions. (My grilled squid was delicious; we also got the gnocchi and the snapper special. I don't think our tiramisu serving dish needed much cleaning as we wiped it clean) And for a BYO, Branzino accepts credit cards. 
Seems to be a common theme with Philly Italian places (amazing food, crappy service) Next time I'm going back to La Viola.Make sure you go on a quiet night because it's not a large space and can get pretty loud. Bring plenty of wine and go for a pasta or fish dish, for a safer option. It's good food (not sure if its worth the price) with "ok" size portions. Nothing blew me away but nonetheless, a nice meal.I went there with a big group of girls and had a great experience! The staff was very friendly and let us stay a bit longer until the rest of our party arrived! I liked the primi portions and options and felt they were big enough for an entire meal. My primi and dessert (tiramisu) were delicious. Good place for big groups and the fact that its BYOB makes it even more appealing.RUDEST STAFF EVER. Went there for restaurant week and was treated so horribly by the hostess. Made a reservation over 2 weeks ago for 4 people, showed up to see they only made it for 2 people. Instead of trying to nicely say they had the wrong reservation the hostess thought it was appropriate to argue back and fourth about how she called to confirm "but I refused to answer". First of all, I didn't get a phone call. Second of all whatever happened to "customer is always right" attitude that most every other restaurant in Philly has come accustom to. So after arguing back and fourth about a stupid phone call she then said we could have a take for 4 people but for 30 mins. Seriously??  I guess this is why branzino was literally the only restaurant left with a reservation during restaurant week. DONT EVER GO!!!This is a great spot-off the beaten path, large dining area, and...a BYO!I think Branzino is one of the best BYOBs in town. We took some out of town guests here, and they still talk about it every time we see them. Very nice atmosphere and good food makes for great execution on their part. This place is probably better for groups than for couples.Far surpassed my expectations.  I'm not typically a big fish fan, but their Branzino was easily the best fish I have ever had, and probably on my top 10 entres in Philadelphia.  The fish just tasted so clean and pure, and the sauce was great.  So often restaurants will over cook the fish or cook it in the sauce for too long so that you lose the fish in the sauce.  Not so with the Branzino.  The mussles were good too.  The waiter seemed a little inattentive and unprofessional at first, but he won us over with quick wit and a few extra bottles of vino.  Turns out, some big spenders had left a couple of half bottles behind and the our waiter let us finish them off.  We sat outside which was nice too.  A bit of foot traffic brushed by us, but we got to pet some dogs (maybe you're not into that with dinner), and say some hellos.The good:
- Decent food
- Friendly hostess
- BYOB
- Clean
The bad: 
- Poor Service from our waiter
- Asked for bread 4 times!! 
- The crowd is not very young but for an older crowd it sure is extremely loud. It's pretty bad when a 25 year old wants to ask a table of 50 somethings to tone it down. I nearly peed myself when my friend was rolling her eyes at a middle aged woman who was cackling so loudly. We could hear a conversation two tables away but not each other. It was THAT loud. 
The Ugly: 
- I estimate we were here for at least 3 hours. The food comes out VERY SLOWLY. 
- You cannot just order a salad. We were forced to order one entree per a person. I think that's very poor taste. What if one of our party members couldn't afford it? The pricing is not cheap. One of us didn't feel well and only wanted soup but instead had to order pasta as well and ended up getting it to go. 
I really enjoyed my arugula, tomato and grana padano salad but since I can't order only that I won't be back.Worst dining experience ever. We were looking for a quiet and cozy byo for dinner and most reviews I read online recommended Branzino so we figured we would try it out, bad idea!
We Were promptly greeted by our waiter, who we never saw again the entire night. I don't even know who our waiter was because we had a different person at the table every time someone came over - which wasn't that often.
We ordered the endive salad for appetizer which was tasteless. My boyfriend sat with an empty wine glass for about 10 mins before a waiter came over to refill, he was switching from red wine to white wine - the waiter didn't even bother to bring a clean glass over. Our bottle of white wine was chilling a good 10 feet away from our table and no one bothered to bring it over and refill until we asked.
About an hour after we ordered we asked a waiter what the status of our food was, he said he would check, he never came back. 15 mins later we mentioned it to a different waiter and told him to cancel our order and that we were going to go elsewhere, his only answer was "do you need a cork for your wine". As we were about to leave a manager comes over with our food, i told her that we said we didn't want it, she said it was going to be on the house and she couldn't let us leave without eating, this was very nice of her and would have semi-made up for the terrible service and long wait - if my pasta wasn't extremely undercooked. At this point i just told the waiter we were gonna leave, and we got up (still left a tip, mind you). As we were on our way out the door we had about 3 servers and the same manager apologize, she gave us a $75 gift certificate even though I told her I probably will never be coming back, and I don't intend to ever again.
Bad service and bad food, NO THANK YOU. Worst restaurant I've been to in Philly.Despite the mixed reviews, we continue to have good food and good service at Branzino. Their homemade pastas taste like my "off the boat from Italy" Grandmom's "macaroni"  always did. Gravies and sauces are excellent, not battery acid. Grilled calamari is always very tender, not like rubber. Yes, I've had an Osso that was a little dry and overdone.... once, yet still, very tasty. Consistently perfect fish (love the namesake Branzino) and meats. To the naysayers: I give you this one: the bread IS awful. For their level of really tasty and authentic Italian, Branzino NEEDS Sarcone's Bread, not the chalk they're using. Can't stress that enough. Astonished that they don't "get that". (I bring my own). Going back again in two weeks. Forget the naysayers... just go!I had my boyfriends surprise 30th birthday here last Saturday. overall i had an amazing experience from scheduling the event to the event itself. We decided to go with the 4 course pre fix menu it was delicious and all of our guests kept raving about the ravioli and entrees. the staff was very attentive and gave use the right amount of attention (with a party of 20 people) Our waiter was one of the best i have had, he made it know that his priority was to make sure we were happy. i will definitely be back and so will our guests!Disclaimer. I didn't actually eat here, but read on to find out why.
My group booked a table for around 8PM on a weekday night. I arrived a bit late, and thought I went to the wrong place, because there was no one to greet me at the door, and the main inside dining area was completely EMPTY. I thought it was a bit strange, but was able to flag down a waiter, who directed me to the back patio area.
The patio area was more inviting, and I quickly found my group. Aside from us, there was one other table. We brought our own wine, and started on it. Most of us had already eaten a light dinner at another event prior to the dinner, so only wanted to order something light. However, when we were ready to order, the waiter told us about a MINIMUM ORDER per head (app + entree). Since most of us already had dinner, we just didn't want to order that much food! Also, there is NO MENTION of the minimum order on the menu. Unless there was a fine print somewhere? 
When we asked to speak to the manager, we were told that the MANAGER WENT HOME (exact phrase). At 8:30PM! Needless to say, we also left. 
Clearly, there is a reason their entire dining area was empty.  I always feel that some business is better than no business. They sure will not be getting any of my business in the future.I cannot begin to express how unbelievably disappointed I was with Branzino. For years my family and friends had been raving about how wonderful Branzino is, but I have to disagree. 
From the moment we walked in the door it was a poor experience. It was myself, my mother, and my fiance- we were there to try to food to consider the location as a venue option for our wedding rehearsal dinner. We went relatively early, and while we did not have a reservation- we were the only people in the restaurant. Upon entering we were asked if we had a reservation, when we responded that we did not, he looked behind me and asked my fiance if HE had a reservation. When he told the host that he was with us, and that he did not, the host just walked away. That's all, just walked away. He came back when another couple arrived - this couple did have a reservation. He ushered them past us and sat them immediately and was very nice and accommodating to them. It made me wonder if a "reservation" was code for "did you reserve my manners today" on part of the host. He came back to us and said "I guess we can seat you. Follow me." - at this point I really did not want to follow him. I can only handle so much rudeness in such a short period of time. But alas, I thought to myself- this can only get better. 
Boy was I wrong. Our waitress was equally as rude. It's surprising to me because while the place did ultimately fill up a bit as we were leaving, there were still plenty of extra tables. We weren't inconveniencing anyone by being there. With or without a reservation, was our money still not green? - at this point I feel the need to mention that I was in the service industry for many years. I'm the most polite and easy going customer you could ever ask for, so the attitude from the staff was completely unwarranted. 
Moving onto the food. Mediocre at best. I was accepting the poor service in the hopes that the food would redeem this place, and yet again it did not. And the prices! Holy cow! Mediocre food for 5 Star prices. I don't mind the prices for food that is deserving, but Branzino's food most certainly does not qualify.  The ONLY plus side is that this is a BYOB, b/c quite honestly I shudder to think what they would charge for a glass of wine if they had their liquor license. 
Overall just an absolutely poor experience. They were less than interested in even entertaining the idea of us hosting our rehearsal dinner there as well. The manager basically said "you can have 2 tables, or you can rent out the entire room" for I think she said $3K. No thanks. You can keep your gross food and poor service. 
In all honesty, I just do not understand when people in the service industry decided they could act any sort of way they wanted and still receive 20%. It's not a guarantee. You get your 20% for being a good server, not for bringing my food out and giving me an attitude. Just a heads up, folks. If you brought your A game you'd bring home considerably more money per night, and perhaps then you'd have a better overall attitude. 
I do not recommend this if you a.) like good food and b.) like good service.soild good food i love it when you enter a place and it just plian smells good!! thanks for a great meal .. dont forget BYOBMy parents took me here on Saturday night after a 2-day moving marathon.  By that point I had been packing for 24 hours and would have been happy with a kid's meal from Wendy's, but alas, much better things were in store....
We sat in the upstairs room which is gorgeous, but a bit jammed on a packed Saturday night.  This is definitely "the room" to sit in however, and I would request it if you are making a reservation.
I started off with the grilled squid, which, true to the menu's word, was grilled to perfection and expertly seasoned - just enough salt without going overboard.  I highly recommend.  For the entree I had squash ravioli in a sage/brown butter/ parmesean sauce.  My mouth is watering just writing about it.  So so sooooo good, and really reasonably priced.
Branzino is located in an area with a lot of Italian BYO competition, but I think it is head & shoulders above La Viola and Bistro La Baia.   La Viola feels like a factory to me - they are all about table turnover.  Branzino is more sophisticated; the waitstaff is extremely pleasant, and the food is simple, well-executed, and delicious.  My only complaint is that it was very loud, but it still makes for a lovely evening out.  A great spot to bring the parents or for (I hate this term) "date night."Amazing Italian food. Got a reservation for 7 people on a Friday which was great.  Romantic ambience. Def going back to sit in the outdoor patio in the back!Had friends rave about this place and the menu looked exciting and different enough to warrant a trip, so with restaurant week coinciding with my birthday, we got a table. 
Showed up on time to a full house. Of course, the $35 three course menu. I had mussels, lamb shank, and she had artichoke app and mushroom risotto. Our waiter was so sweet and charming, but service was bad. Ill let it slide cuz full house.  Our apps took about 45-50 min. 
The mussels were good, tasty. Would have liked more garlic. Her app was sort of sad:  giant piece of bread, small spread of ricotta, canned red pepper, one grilled artichoke. I get a lb of mussels and she gets more bread and ONE artichoke?  Ok fine. 35 min later, entrees arrive. Lamb shank is decent, the demi glace is ok, no discernible goat cheese in the polenta. Her risiotto, again sad:  where were the effing mushrooms?  Maybe 4 slices?  Flavor profile  was all truffle oil. Dessert came after another patient wait. Hazelnut gelato was delicious but probably hagen-daas (i swear i had it before), tiramisu was average at best. 
Again, the waiter was great, he saw our frustration and got my girlfriend a glass of wine (we forgot to bring).  For that much money theres better spots. Dont believe the hype.We recently had a group dinner at this BYOB and it was a wonderful experience. We chose this above all others because they allowed us to order a la carte, rather than a prix fixe menu, which is difficult as many of us have a different dietary needs. The food was amazing! Fresh tasting, well seasoned, and filling but not to the point where you are too stuffed. The staff was accommodating and did a great job, even one one of our party spilled red wine and broke the glass (sorry again about that!). The only downer was that we were split between two tables and I think logistically we could have been at one. However, that's a minor drawback compared to everything else. I will definitely be back, especially for that calamari appetizer. Bellisimo!Awful... Overcooked pasta... Poor execution of dishes... My friends even said Olive Garden was better, I had to agree.I came here for a wine tasting event hosted by a friend.  The event was held outside on their patio which is a beautiful escape from the city with a wine country vibe.  In fact, you would never know you were actually in the city!  We had multiple courses that included everything from pasta to scallops to lamb.  Everything we had was of exceptional quality.  Service was provided at a nice speed, especially given the size of our party.  My husband and I agreed we would return to try for a private dinner.Worst restaurant I ever been to!  We actually called the day of and got in, once we got there the restaurant was pretty much dead, not a good thing. We asked the waiter if we could put in some appetizers before ordering our dinner, he replied, "I can not do that, I have to take the whole order at once. We ordered a bunch of apps, we waited maybe an hour for the apps to come out! My son said lets just pay for the apps and leave! We decided to stay, big mistake! The grilled octopus was horrible, so tough! For dinner my son and I ordered the branzino, his was prepared in the kitchen, mine was prepared table side, let me say we waited another hour for our dinners to come out! My daughter ordered the gnocchi, her dinner never came out, we asked several times, finally we were done our dinner and my daughters gnocchi still didn't come out, we told them to forget it! We didn't even want to look at the desert menu because we were not waiting another hour for desert! The restaurant wasn't even busy and we had ad service! We will never go back again!  Food wasn't worth it either!Nice little BYO near Rittenhouse Sq. We went during restaurant week and they still delivered great service. Many specials abound. Not good for a big group, good date place, and easy on the wallet relative to its peers.Average at best. Service is friendly but SLOW!  Don't go here if you're in a hurray.  It took over ten minutes to get menus and then a young very nervous server spilled a god amount of our expensive and delicious wine. Our appetizers took so long we contemplated canceling our entres and going to Marathon or Little Petes. The food was okay,  nothing great. Much better Italian options, both of the BYOB or full service variety. There's no management present at ALL.  That explains the show service. Mind you,  there were only 4 tables and one already had food. I never need to go back here.I grant it was valentine's day, but whomever is running this restaurant seems to be pretty crass, and have little respect for their customers. While requiring a credit card to make a reservation for two and calling twice to ensure I knew I would be charged $75 were we to cancel within 48 hours of the event, we arrived for our 7:30 reservation to a room full of mostly angry people. Those seated seemed annoyed by patrons surrounding their tables, while those standing were furious about not having been seated for their 6:00, 6:30, or 7:00 reservations. All other restaurants were of course booked, and we had taken a cab to get there, and the hostess (claimed we would be seated "very soon") so we (regrettably) waited a full hour to be seated despite many parties ahead of us leaving, and still didn't get out of there until 11:30, and frankly, the $30 salmon was very dry. No discount was offered. 
From their point of view, they claimed some people had shown up very late, but the restaurant seats probably about 150 people, and I think it unreasonable to make those people our problem. It is clear that they were greedy, massively overbooked with a large cancellation fee, and destroyed their reputation for many of its patrons.I think I have tried out most of the Italian BYO's in the city and this is hands down the BEST!!!  The menu is not limited, like some of the italian BYOs in Philly.  It has your typical italian fare such as veal parmigiana but also has wonderful and unique entrees such as their branzino fish.  For an appetizer my boyfriend and I ALWAYSS order the caprese salad.  We get this every time we go out from every restaurant that has it and branzino's is in our top 5.  Their Cesar salad is also WONDERFUL and they make their own dressing, which is a rarity.  ALLLL their entrees are wonderful and really depends on what you are in the mood for!  Also always end with a cappuccino which is delicious.  With the nice weather still here I recommend eating outside :)  Wait staff is very attentive and friendly and he prices are affordable!!!One of the best- if not the best- Italian restaurants in Rittenhouse. I got the Grilled Squid Appetizer which was amazing. the squid was very tender with a nice grill taste- would recommend if you like squid- will not disappoint. For my entree I ordered the Bowtie shrimp and crab pasta- very good as well. My friend ordered the stuffed porkchop which was cooked to perfection and was HUGE! Dessert was so so- nothing to extravagant but it was ok. And best of all its BYOB!!!! Overall Great Place to eat for Fine Italian Dining in the Rittenhouse area! I will definitely be dining there again : )So far this is my favorite Italian restaurant in center city.  I always order the beef carpaccio and the mushroom gnocci.  Cant beat the BYOB and decent prices.I went to Branzino last week for restaurant week. I have recently moved to Philly and had heard a lot of great things about this restaurant. 
We started off with 2 appetizers that were just okay; nothing that made us jump out of our seats - salad and calamari. 
Our main courses were a pappardelle dish and an eggplant dish. The eggplant dish was the best part of the meal. The cheese on top was delicious. The pappardelle dish was incredibly disappointing. I cook a fair amount at home, mostly basic things, and I could have made this dish 10x better on my own. The point of going to this nicer, well known, cute little Italian place is to have phenomenal Italian food. 
I was extremely disappointed with the quality of the food and the money I paid for this famous Philly experience. The service was fine throughout the meal until I expressed my disappointment to my server and he completely ignored me. 
Once again, incredibly disappointed and will not be returning or recommending this restaurant to friends.Food was very good. Had an 830 reservation and did not get food until 10pm. Our server was very busy and did not have the time. Once we complained, service was on point.Wonderful it was perfect for our party of 11 who is seeking good food and a relaxed atmosphere were we could talk.  The food was good: the Bronzino was terrific, as were the salads.  The seafood special fell flat for 3 different folks in our party, and the salmon al crudo was strangely smoked not raw so got lower marks as well.  
A huge plus for the place as the BYOB aspect. I love that you can bring fine bottles of wine and not get charged the 100% restaurant up charge. Staff was great no corkage fee and they open the wine and poured it as if they sold them selves. A very enjoyable night and the staff and management were very kind and attentive.Visited with coworkers for lunch during Restaurant Week and thought the food offered for the price was a solid value, but the dishes are a bit uninspired. So-so bread and olive oil were served for the table.  I had a bowl of mussels for course 1, crisp pan seared branzino for course 2 and sour cream panna cotta as course 3.  Although the mussels were very small, they were plump and plentiful, and they were served in a tasty slightly creamy, white wine and pancetta broth.  The fish was crispy skinned, served over Israeli couscous and topped with a chopped tomato mixture that finished the dish with nice acidity. The panna cotta was disappointing because it way too dense in texture, not velvety and creamy as it should have been. I tried my friend's hazelnut gelato and wished I had gotten that instead.  The front dining room is small and elegant with high ceilings.   Great place to visit during RW, but nothing wowed me enough to return.Been here many times. Only complaint would be that one time we had a reservation and had to wait about 20 minutes for our table, but it happens. I've sat in both the front room and the back room. While both have wonderful muralscapes in them, the back room is definitely better. It is not near the bathroom for one, and in the winter, the front room gets a draft whenever anyone enters or leaves the restaurant.
The food is excellent, of course I had to try the Branzino when I was once there. But my favorite is the veal marsala. One of the best in town! It is a BYO.This is a necessary update.  The food was really good again, the prices seem to climb, and the staff are still friendly.  In fact, this time the staff were far more attentive, but didn't bring more free wine.  I had the Branzino again, just to make sure they didn't trick me the first time.  The advocado/crab salad was pretty good, and the artichoke ravioli was pretty good too.
Here's the problem: My lady friend and I paid in case while our friends paid with a card.  After dinner, our friends went one way to head home and we went the other way.  About 3 blocks into the walk, Branzino called me.  They had my phone number from when we made our reservation. They called to tell me that they had not charged us for the Branzino and they wanted to charge it to the card.  I let them know that the card was not mine, but we could come back to pay the remainder of the bill.  I'm not sure why I did this.  I mean, when you think about it, I should pay for food I eat, but it's really the restaurant's fault for not charging, and any respectable manager will either comp it or take the money from the server who messed up.  I've been in the"biz" so I understand what an expensive entree means to a BYO, but that was dumb.
In closing... the food has been good twice, the service has been good twice, but having management call me back to pay for my food leaves me a little sour.  Call me a jerk, but I think they should have gotten it right.Really liked this place, great byob.
I think that the ambiance and decor is a definite step up from many of the other byobs, which can turn into MBA frat houses on Friday and Saturday nights. This one stays more calm and intimate, much more ideal for a date night.
Definitely pour your own wine rather than waiting for a server, it's not a big deal. It's a more romantic byob.BYOB.... Remember that, i forgot and had to run ten blocks to the nearest liquor store. It was worth it though. The food was great, I had the the restaurant namesake, it was wheeled out on a cart a beautifully filleted table side and it tasted as wonderful as it was presented. Service is a little rough around the edges but well worth trying. Enjoy.First time we were here was for Restaurant Week and had an amazing meal in the Main dining room (second room). 
 We were coming back into Philly with the kids and made reservations, when we got there the first room was almost empty as the other room.  I had asked to be moved to the other room before we were seated and was told no room.  Not sure if the wanted the kids (9 &11) in the other room.  The first room seemed to be for walk ins.  Kind of felt like I was waiting in line at a club and was not  good enough to get into the other room. (what do they know:)
Anyways the food was great! Kids have great taste and appreciate good food so well worth the money for them! Servers can be a bid snooty.  
We actually stayed about 2 hours and had a wonderful meal. Desserts were ok.Food was great, but the wait was terrible. Though we has a reservation we still waited 45+ minutes, and the portion size was small. I was full but my boyfriend was still very hungry.  
I got the gnocchi, which was very good and my boyfriend got the wild boar ragu, also very good tasting.  
Would recommend if you are not going on an empty stomach. :)I was at Branzino's last night for RW with my bf. I always check yelp for reviews and I'm happy to have selected this particular restaurant for dinner last night. Not only is the food impeccably delicious, but this place is also a byob. We were seated immediately upon arrival, even though the place was packed. Our waitress was very well informed and very professional. She took her job  very seriously and was very good at it. To add to it, she had a very cute accent which made the dishes she was describing us even more delicious. I have honestly never had such great service before. We decided to make this place "our spot" and plan on going there weekly!! 
Must try!!Last night I ate at Branzino with 4 other people. Our reservation was at 8PM and when the hostess called to confirm our party the day before she said we had 2 hours for a party of our size which I totally get since it was restaurant week but have never had anyone actually tell me of the "time limit" beforehand. We sat down right at 8 and our courses quickly came right after another once we ordered. The food as a whole was DELICIOUS and the service was good.  BUT Before we could finish our dessert and coffee the check was brought to our table. The maitre d' repeatedly came over to get it and we continuously said we hadn't even looked at it. The time was roughly 9:30. He then became irritated and said another party was waiting for our table. We quickly finished our wine and coffee and abruptly left. On the way out I politely told him I was told we had 2 hours for a reservation of our size. He became irate and annoyed and started to question where I got this information and proceeded to ignore me. I will NEVER go back to Branzino for this reason. I get its restaurant week but you should NEVER ever treat patrons in this manner. I'm thinking about calling the restaurant today to complain!Had the disappointing experience of having dinner at Branzino last night.    Based on the reviews here was really looking forward to it.  
Two parts to the review - first, the food, then the service / ambiance / fight with one of the owners.
Food:
Caesar's salad - Wilted lettuce, bland dressing, tomatoes (who puts tomatoes in a Caesar's salad) - D
Calamari - The calamari dish was the best thing we tried.  Succulent, well-cooked and served as individual squid.  A-
Papardelle w/ rabbit ragout - Immensely disappointing.  While they claim to make their own pasta, this pasta was either frozen or stale, and overcooked, the sauce was watery and the rabbit was also chewy from overcooking.  C-  (BTW, Matyson's and Jose Garces Trading Company's similar dish blows Branzino's out of the water)
Striped bass - Good flavor but overcooked and dry.
Pork chop - Very good, but quite heavy and greasy.
Tiramisu - Too sweet, not a classic Italian Tiramisu with marscapone cheese and a slightly sour / sweet mixture.  B-
OK, now the hammer - the service and ambiance.
There's a pattern you see regarding this restaurant in the reviews on Yelp and elsewhere, showing that the owners do everything in their power to maximize their profit, regardless of how it affects the service or the quality of your dining experience.  Many examples abound:
1. Asking a table of three not to use three separate credit cards (really?)  
2. Plate sharing charges (really?????)
3. The owner's kids running around the restaurant on a Saturday night.  
4. The cheesy trompe l'oeil paintings. 
5. The cheesy Italian music more suited to your local pizza joint (I heard Andrea Bocelli's Nessum Dorma within 10 minutes of being seated).  
6. Way too many tables for the size of the restaurant, crammed ridiculously close and several tables being in terrible locations (nothing like sitting directly adjacent the bathroom door).
The fight - We were frustrated enough about the plate sharing charge (we didn't end up sharing anything, as it was only marginally more expensive to simply order two appetizers) to ask to speak to the owner's wife, who manages the front of house.  My dad calmly laid out his case and the owner pulled the old "we're just a small family restaurant trying to make ends meet" card and tried to explain to us that too many people deliberately try to rip them off by sharing to get more than one-half of a meal (still don't understand that one - my experience has been the complete opposite).  We ended by saying that we felt that for the overall price of a meal at Branzino that the plate sharing charge felt, well, that we were being nickel-and-dimed, which is absolutely true.  She responded by saying loudly "well, that's just your opinion, isn't it, and if you knew anything about the restaurant business you'd know it wasn't true."  We went out of our way to try to be cordial in our criticism as we were warned by others that she is difficult to deal with, and, true to expectations, we were rewarded with rudeness, unapologetic excuses, and a "if you don't like it you don't have to eat here" attitude.
Message received and mission accomplished.   We won't be patronizing Branzino again.My favorite Italian BYOB in the city! I LOVE that they actually have space for people to sit, and I loved that we had a whole room to ourselves on a Tuesday night. They are awesome for large groups, especially in the summer where they have outdoor seating. The restaurant feels like an Old World mansion, which I love, and the food is really good as well. Love the eggplant spread for the bread, the artichoke app is amazing, also great mussels. The calamari though is waaaay to salty, to the point some people couldn't even eat it. All the fish dishes are great, but my favorite is definitely the Branzino, it is perfect. We also ordered a bunch of sides to split for the table, and the mushroom risotto and brussel sprouts were everyone's favorite, plus the potatoes were really good as well. SO....the dessert....we got everything (except gelatto) and I really liked everything, all of the custard desserts were my favorite, the mousse was a bit too bitter though.
Overall this is exactly what I would look for in a restaurant to have a good time in with a large (or small) group. 
Thanks for the great service!Branzino is a wonderful place.  In my opinion it is one of the best BYOs in the city.  My wife and I enjoyed it so much, we went two Saturdays in a row, Each time I selected a fish for my entree.  The 2nd time I had their Whole Branzino and it was absolutely delicious.  My wife had a squid ink pasta the first time and some sort of seafood past the 2nd time.  The pasta was light and fresh and the both sauce for both was full of flavor.  The service is great and they will give your wine glass and bottle the attention it deserves.  
My only criticism about the restaurant is the lack of a waiting area.  I understand that most BYO's try to pack as many tables as possible into their dining area to compensate for the lack of alcohol revenue, but Branzino is a very large venue and it seems they overdo it a bit with the tables.    On our first visit we were seated in the front room/entrance area and found the constant gust of cold air and hovering patrons waiting for a table quite annoying.  It would make sense to dedicate a portion of that room as a waiting area so people don't have to stand and hover over those dining.  With that being said, the food and service were excellent and on our next visit we asked to be sat in a different room and everything was perfect.  I highly recommend this restaurant!  If the cappuccino gelato is on the menu, ORDER IT!  It is Fantastic!I ate there last night for restaurant week as a party of 7. The only reservation I could get was for 9:30 PM. At 9:25 we checked in and were told that it would be a few more minutes. We dropped off a few bottles of wine and asked that the white be chilled. We returned at about 9:35 to check the status of the table and were told the table was still not ready. They asked us to wait in their cramped hall with no ETA on the table. At 9:55 I asked the hostess the status of the table and she could not give a straight answer - all she said was that she couldn't rush the other table and they couldn't say how long. We were finally seated a little after 10. Then we were made to wait for bread, water, and menus. When they brought the bottles of wine - the white and champagne were warm (we would have been better leaving them on the cold sidewalk). The meal was OK - and very welcomed as we were starving. When the bill arrived we were a little shocked to find that 20% gratuity had already been added -service was nowhere near deserving of that. Each person at the table put credit cards in to pay and the waiter came back and said they only took 2 credit cards per table. We told them that that information is not written anywhere and they argued that it was restaurant policy. The hostess came over to explain the same thing - however she said that they don't accept more than 2 cards per table because the credit card fees are so high. We went back and forth with her for a bit and then the manager came out - apparently he never heard the term 'the customer is always right." We asked him to split the bill into 'separate' tables so we could each pay on the card; he said he wouldn't do it that one person can charge on their card and get money from the rest or that we could go down to the ATM to get money. We asked him why he takes large reservations but doesn't tell customers the policy. He didn't waiver and we weren't going to either. He finally took the bill with all the cards-we assumed he gave up and was going to divide it. But No, rather he charged everything to my debit card - he said "You made the reservation, so I charged it to you - they can pay you." I refused to sign the slip - which didn't matter because it's a debit card and the money was already withdrawn. The manager threatened to call the cops - which I still don't understand because we PAID the bill through his fraudulent and deceiving manner. We argued and I took the bill and left the unauthorized slip on the table. He followed us out with a bunch of busboys-still not sure why. Almost to hold us there until the cops arrived - still not aware that he'd already stolen the $$$ from us. He continued to argue with us on the sidewalk but we got in cabs and left - before the police arrived. 
All I can say is that I've worked in the service industry and concessions can always be made - no matter how hard it is. I have dined in a plethora of Italian BYOs in the city, as well as many upscale restaurants, and have NEVER in my life been treated in such a way. Don't waste your TIME and MONEY on this place - we live in such a great city for restaurants - the mediocre food isn't worth the terrible treatment. I can say I will NEVER be back - even if they give the food for FREE!!Branzino filleted table side cannot be beat, they have an extremely helpful and knowledgable staff.  Food was phenomenal, from crudits, to light pastas to the dinners.  Perfectly done, well presented.  Overall my most pleasant Italian dinner yet!We went back to Branzio's last night.  What a disappointment.  My husband and I loved it the last time we were there and brought some friends.  The restaurant was not crowded but the service was so slow.  It took an hour to get our apps and another hour to get our entree.  The pasta entrees were incredibly small, despite paying for the "larger" size, which was very expensive for what you got.  My strip steak arrived cold.   We asked to talk to the manager, but he/she never came to speak with us.  The waitress was sweet and did the best she could, but she wound up comping our appetizer and we left without eating our main meal.BYOB's are probably my favorite part of Philadelphia. Good food with your own hand picked wine at a (more) affordable price. Branzino is no exception.
The dining area is very very intimate. On a busy night, I would not be surprised to be basically sitting at the same table as an unknown couple. However, this has never been a negative to me. Italian restaurants in my mind should be cramped and bustling.
The food is hearty and good. I tend to gravitate to the farfalle e scampi which is the perfect size for full but not overwhelmingly so. 
This is a great place for a cozy meal or a start to a romantic evening.What a fabulous place to hold a private function. We were there on Friday night - 5/8/2015.  Fantastic downtown location - within walking distance of several 4 star hotels.! We had a great time in their private room celebrating a college graduation. Because it's BYOB we were able to save a lot of money on wine. The staff could not have been more attentive and the food was unique and tasty!!! Thanks Branzino for a wonderful evening for my family.Kinda disappointing, Branzino has an interesting menu, including the namesake Branzino, which one of diners had and was satisfied.  On that note (read below), it was weird because the fish was shown to us, but then taken away again to be de-boned and presented, this could have not been done table-side as it should have because we were so close to the entrance.
I tried the butternut squash ravioli app, tasty but over salted, next I had the house veal dish - also over salted (and I really like plenty of salt), one of the other guests in our party also thought their salad was too salty.
The service is a little awkward and the entry dining room makes it worse by being narrow and having a constant traffic flow of entering patrons who don't know where to go.    The menu items I tasted were good, but the saline effect killed it.    With so many great restaurants in this area, I doubt I'll be back.Relatively small BYOB Italian restaurant a few blocks off Rittenhouse Square. Came for a four-course business dinner, with a group, that included a vegan. The restaurant was informed of this when the reservation was made a month earlier. I personally called two days earlier and was assured accommodations had been made. Called the restaurant an hour ahead of the dinner to confirm modified options would be available. The first two people I spoke with were uninformed, and I was told the manager was unavailable. I was finally able to get a hold of the restaurant hostess for our party, who assured me that accommodations had been made. I asked what those were specifically, and was informed the vegan option was a pasta (made with eggs) in a cream sauce. After explaining that vegans do not eat animal products, she offered to substitute that with fish! She then suggested a plate of grilled vegetables. I explained that at $80 a head for a very large group, with a month's notice, and various assurances for what is a fairly common special request, a plate of vegetables would be completely unacceptable. We agreed on reasonable substitutes, and since the dessert platter was all dairy-based (cheese cake sampler, crme fraiche, etc.) and the restaurant didn't have fruit or a non-dairy option, dessert would be omitted.
Overall, the food was decent but oversalted. There were a few incredible standouts as well as some "blah" preparations. The artichoke hearts with roasted peppers were amazingly delicious. Just to die for good! The garden salad was also very tasty, but so oversalted that it was practically inedible. Mushroom ravioli and the stuffed chicken were very good. The Branzino fish, which came with a small polenta cake and braised brussel sprouts was somewhat bland, oversalted, and cold. It needed to be reheated. Mushroom risotto while steaming hot, was significantly undercooked and bland, with hard, almost crunchy rice. 
Service was also very hit or miss. Our hostess was simply outstanding! She went out of her way to make sure our needs were met, and even found a fresh bowl of mixed berries for a vegan dessert! Unfortunately, the same was not true elsewhere. When I got to the restaurant, I waited by the maitre d's stand for over five minutes before finally giving up and just walking up the stairs to our reserved tables to seat myself. Service was not at all coordinated. Even though we all started with bread and drinks simultaneously, some in the group were still waiting to get an entre while others were finishing up dessert and coffee! Additionally, the waiter kept dumping a new dessert plate of cheesecake samples in front of the vegan each time the previous plate was removed.
The crowning glory: they didn't mention that they offer validated parking. The parking garage a couple of blocks away mentioned it when I went to pay for my ticket. I then had the joyous choice of trudging back to the restaurant to get my ticket stamped or paying full price.
Still, fantastic ambiance--elegant yet cozy. Ask to sit in the back room if you go. It's lighter, more spacious, and much more airy. The front area is somewhat cramped and gets a lot of foot traffic since the maitre d's stand is set back from the door, near the stairs to the back room.
Overall, quite a mixed bag. There are much better dining options around Rittenhouse Square both for a meal and service, so I won't be back.Nice, relatively upscale (for a BYO) divided into 2 rooms - 1 fancier looking.  Seems like people that dine here are either really young or really old.  5 Stars for the PHENOMENAL food, 3 or 4 Stars for the rest.Hello its BYOB
I went with 5 of my family members for Restaurant Week.  Usually for Rest. Week, you get to choose from 3 entrees....not here...you get their entire menu (which is so hard to choose from-everything looked so good)...I was watching everything come out of the kitchen.
I also have to say my family is Italian...so we are hard critiques
Starters:
Buff Mozz
Endive Salad
Mussels--I have this--the sauce was amazing...we were all dipping our bread into the sauce to savor every last bite
Fillet
Lentil Salad
Entrees:
Farfalle
Green/White Fettuccine
Pappardelle with Rabbit
Stuffed Veal
Dessert:
Tiramasu
Gellato
cheesecake
Service was wonderful as well...very attentive without being annoying!So the bf and I checked out Branzino for restaurant week last Friday.  I read the yelp reviews prior to going and will have to point out that reviewers had it dead-on.  Good food, but ok service.  BYOB is always a good idea.
Atmosphere: (B+) We sat outside, nice and intimate with the couple sitting next to us.  Great for people watching and although our view was of a building in construction across the street, I actually kinda enjoyed it...and great weather always helps.  Better than being inside a crowded building.
Food: (A-) I wouldn't call myself a picky eater, but I do like food with flavor, and even though it was restaurant week, I thought my Polle e Salciccia (chicken sauted with Italian sausage, mushrooms and sun-dried tomatoes) was absolutely delicious.  And the tomatoes/mozzarella appetizer was fresh, and really how can you go wrong with that.  My only complaint was that they ran out of tiramisu - my fav, and I had to settle for a cheesecake, which was ok.
Service: (B) I made 8pm reservations and was seated promptly with a choice of inside or out.  I admit I'm typically a "nice" diner, usually minimal complaints, but our waiter was just ok.  Yes it was busy, but we sat almost 10 min before he showed up asking us if we had a menu yet.  And then 10 min just to pay the bill.  If we brought a larger bottle of wine, I guess we would have been more occupied... Besides that, he was very nice.
Overall: 3.5 stars - a little above average for me I think, but I decided to round up for the rating.Went here with two friends for Restaurant Week lunch, and the restaurant was completely empty (not that that's bad or anything). The restaurant menu covers just enough; even though one of of friends absolutely hates seafood, she still left enjoying her gnocchi entree. If you are a seafood person though, you can't come here and not get the branzino. I thought I'd be unique and cool and get the veal scallopinne, but it was really nothing special.
appetizer // got the mussels - incredibly flavorful, with a pool of the wine sauce at the bottom that was perfect for dipping my bread in. highly recommended!
entree // that unspecial veal scallopine...what even is scallopinne? it was actually pretty salty, which made it not only unspecial, but not that wonderful to eat either. I tried my smart friend's order of branzino, and that one bite was absolutely amazing. the best bite of the meal, hands down.
dessert course // got the tiramisu, and it was...also nothing special. at least it wasn't super salty though?Went for RW and they offered a full menu AND a byo. (Can't go wrong with that!) Excellent tuna carpaccio and striped bass. Definitely recommend, but must add that it was more formal than I anticapted. You can also eat outside or in the two dining rooms. 
p.s. Our waitress was great and could definitely get work as a Penelope Cruz impersonator!Small portions and large prices! My calamari app was the same size as my friend's scallop entree, only she paid more than double. The chicken was overly salty. My salmon crudo might have been tasty but it was hard to find it was so small. 
The server was very nice and accommodating.My friend and I wanted to have some pastas so we chose here. It's a very cozy place with like 10 tables because they open the inside part just for weekends. It's a BYOB, so bring your favorite wine! We had two appetizers and the calamari was so good. The salad was ok. I had the mushroom risotto with truffle oil. It looked very simple (actually didn't look yummy), and it didn't have as many mushrooms as I expected. But it tasted so good and I really loved the truffle taste!!After having dinner here for the first time last month, I can't wait to come back. For appetizers, my friend and I shared the grilled calamari and mussels. I usually order the calamari wherever I go and this was one of the best grilled calamari I've ever had. I'm used to squid being cut up into smaller pieces and was pleasantly surprised that's not the case here. The menu doesn't lie when it says the squid is "grilled to perfection". It was hands-down my favorite dish of the night. The mussels were good but not even comparable to the calamari.
I really like that Branzino lets you order any of the pasta entrees as an appetizer for $12. Such a good deal and the portions were just the right size. I had the Farfalle e Scampi - pasta, shrimp, and crabmeat in a cream sauce. My friend went with the Gnocchi el Funghi - gnocchi with mushrooms and peas which was her favorite dish of the night. Both were very good and you can tell they were homemade (bonus points for that). I don't think I'll ever order a regular sized pasta entree after seeing how much you get as an appetizer.  
We also tried the tiramisu and cappuccino. They weren't anything special but still good. 
Definitely make reservations before going on a Saturday night. Also remember to bring wine since Branzino is byob. Nothing beats a delicious meal paired with your favorite bottle of wine.My fiance and I met with another couple for dinner at Branzino and we were pleasantly surprised. The menu was well priced for the area, although portions were a little smaller than we had hoped. The food was fantastic and it being a BYOB was great, too. My only complaint was after we finished our dessert we felt very rushed by our waiter. He not only took the check after we had signed it (this is usually a no-no), but took our wine glasses off the table before we were finished our wine. I would definitely go back, because the food was delicious, but I hope next time we don't have to feel so rushed.I would give this restaurant five stars, if not for the cramped seating.  I love that it's a BYO...and the food is so good.  Everything we've tried has been delicious.  The price is right on target and the service is excellent.This is a little Jewel in the heart of Rittenhouse area of Philly. I love coming here and getting a table in the garden (highly recommend it).
The owners are Albanian, but I think they represent true Southern Italian cousine more than most other Italian restaurants in the city.
The staff is EXTREMELY nice! Last time my wife and I went with 2 of our friends and forgot to bring a bottle, so one of the wait staff members actually volunteered to go to the store and get us a bottle of wine (for which of course we tipped him generously, because he really went out of his way to make this a great experience for us)!!
We've had amazing appetizers like beet and lentil salad, Hearts of artichoke, Gaspacho soup (which was nothing short of amazing).
We also had Striped Bass and Branzino, both of which were extremly well prepared.
Overall I highly recommend this place for food, location, ambience and great service!Went here recently for dinner.  The meal started well; I had the mushroom soup made with a veal stock that was rich and flavorful.  When my entree arrived, however, the meal declined rapidly.  I ordered the pork chop with arugula, tomatoes, and onions, picturing a pan-seared or broiled chop, tender and juicy, with a medley of arugula, tomatoes, and onions perfectly sauteed.  Instead, I got a batter-dipped and possibly deep-fried pork chop with what appeared to be a diner-grade side salad dumped on top of it.  (I did find a single leaf of arugula amidst the chopped romaine...)  The coating on the pork chop was similar to what is used on sweet-and-sour chicken, and the chop itself was overcooked.  Because the soup was quite good, and because a friend recommended this place, I'm wondering if the entree I had was atypical of the offerings here.  Still, I wouldn't go back because there are enough restaurants in Philadelphia that I don't feel the need to risk another bad meal here.Great: its ambiance(cute Mediterranean mural!) and decent food. It has a classic menu and I really like my pasta.
Not so great: had a difficult time getting our wine back after it was chilled. Waiter service could be a bit slow. And was given weird attitude about dinner reservation.
If you don't mind short-of-prompt service, this is actually a pretty chill BYOB place. I would definitely come back!Giving Branzino one star, partially because of the food, which was good, and partially because you have to on Yelp. But I digress. My husband and I made a reservation for Valentines Day at Branzino this year, our first married one. Prior to the date, they called us to inform us of the five-course pre fixe menu and to inform of the $50 pre-pay deposit. Hmmm weird, but the menu sounded good to we did it. 
Fast forward to that day. We arrive, we get seated right away, and we wait... Ten minutes for water. Ten more to get someone to open our bottle of wine. Then an HOUR for the first course. We are getting fed up so I ask someone to find the manager and send them to our table. She never shows, so I have to physically get up and find someone. After complaining our next course comes out relatively quickly. Then it takes another half hour or more to get the next course, which is a SALAD. Manager finally comes over to our table after we request get again and wasn't too helpful, in fact argued with my husband about why it was taking so long. (Um hello, isn't the point of pre fixe to help things run more smoothly?) she also offered us a gift certificate. Um, no thanks. I am never coming back to this place. Ever again. 
We finally get our salad then out fourth course arrives before we are done. Poor execution. Oh, and did I mention it was extremely hot in the dining room and we were both profusely sweating? And our water never offered a kind word, a smile or even met our eyes? At the end he was even ignoring our table altogether, which was awkward because we were seated right next to the waiter station.
In the end we left before the fifth course. We asked got our desserts to go, but (shocker) they never arrived. Overall here are my thoughts: Branzino was a bad choice. It's so d*** hot. No but seriously, how does a place like this survive in a foodie city like Philly? Your good is good but it's not THAT good. I have an idea. Get rid of Branzino, and move Little Pete's into their spot. Two problems, one solution.This was my 2nd time visiting Branzino and was shocked at the difference in quality of food and service this time around
We had an 8pm reservation on a gorgeous Saturday night so chose to sit in the huge courtyard out back to enjoy the weather. We were promptly greeted by our waiter who filled up our water glasses and wine - which is about the best service we recieved all night (or more accurately, the only service we recieved all night). The waiter came back once more to take our order and we never saw him again.
Our appetizers were dropped off at the table, without our empty wine glasses being refilled from our bottle which was sitting about 5 feet away from us.  I dont recall the exact dishes we ordered, but I do remember the grilled squid was delicious and perfectly cooked. 
I got up from our table to grab our bottle of wine (since we were now out of water as well) and filled our glasses. Two waiters walked by me, not one offered to do this.
Our entrees came, and unfortunately, mine was pretty subpar. I ordered the Tagiatelle Nero (Squid Ink pasta with Shrimp, Sea scallops, and roasted peppers in a garlic marinara) I had one scallop in the entire dish and 2 shrimp....for $19. I found the taste of the red peppers to be overwhelming and took away from the flavor of the spicy marinara and squid ink pasta.  I would have mentioned this to a server, if they bothered to come around after our food was dropped off to ask if everything was ok. 
We had a double bottle of wine, which my husband and I had to get up from the table to get and refill ourselves the entire evening. 
I probably couldve looked passed the mediocre food that evening if the service had been anywhere near decent.the food here was okay. I don't remember being exceptionally wowed but I do remember thinking the food was solid the dessert bleh. I'm picky about my desserts. If you can't finish off with a good dessert, what is the point?I've been here twice, and once was during restaurant week. The first time, my friend and I got to sit in their outdoor seating on a really nice, warm night, and it was a great experience people watching on 17th street. Food-wise, we ordered the artichoke appetizer, which was amazing, but I also think artichokes out of the can are amazing, so my judgement might be off. We both ordered pasta, my friend got the mushroom risotto which was really good, and i got the linguine with crab and shrimp, which was just ok. They stated that most of their pastas were homemade, and you could definitely taste the difference. The pasta portions are generous, but they better be because their pastas range from $20-$25. Kind of pricey for an italian BYO, especially with the cheaper La Fontana across the street and La Viola a couple blocks away.
Coming for restaurant week, I was even more disappointed. I got a salad with walnuts, blue cheese, and endive for my starter, and it was bland. My main was the homemade pappardelle with rabbit ragu, which also didn't have a ton of flavor and the rabbit was chewy. The saving grace to this was their tiramisu, which I really enjoyed, although I have never met a tiramisu I didn't like. My friend had the zabaglione which she still raves about to this day. The most pleasant thing about this dinner was the atmosphere - they have a really charming outdoor patio in the back that is complete with candlelight. 
**NOTE: They do take credit cards, but plan on only using one. We tried to split our bill 3 ways and the owner came out with a plea that we use one since the fees kill them. I thought it was inappropriate, and we were pressured into using just one and working it out on our own later.I am adding this to my list of favorite Italian restaurants in Philly:
Excellent service.  
Great food: Homemade pasta.  Wonderful ragu. Great arugula salad.  Really good fish.
Charming romantic space.
Quiet - Carpeting on the floors and upholstered chairs make this space really quiet and a good restaurant to bring my dad who has challenges hearing in loud restaurants.  Then again we went on a Tues night when it was not crowded at all. Don't know how loud it is when it gets full.It's 2 blocks from my apt so I've been a few times and had pretty good experiences.  
The food - 
Get the Branzino.  This is a perfectly prepared whole Mediterranean sea bass that they will fillet for you.  I've had it twice and both times excellent.  The other best dish is the squid ink pasta.  It is loaded with seafood and a spicy red sauce.   The rest of the menu has been disappointing.  It is the definition of average Italian food.
The rest -
It's a BYO which is great.  But the dining room is really weird set up.  You are either in the front room which is tiny and feels like you are in grandma's house, or you are in the large back room which gets incredibly noisy because of its shape -- kind of reminds me of a high school cafeteria.
The conclusion -
It's a 3.5 star restaurant.  Stick with the Branzino and Squid Ink and it's worth a go.I had a great experience dining at Branzino. The service was wonderful and the food was great. The best thing is its BYOB!! I would recommend starting the night out trying the carpacci di filetto and Grigliata di Calamari, both delicious! For my main dish I had the Brauzino Marinato, which was very tasteful. I ended the night with a chocolate mousse and it was heavenly.  I would definitely recommend this place for a romantic evening and you should always make reservation!We had a nice Saturday evening meal at Branzino. The atmosphere was good overall. The veal cheek special was amazing. My wife ordered some pasta which she was not as impressed with. We got calamari as an appetizer. I wish the server had warned us it is not the typical calamari you'd be used to getting at a restaurant. It was whole squids, baked not fried, laid out with tomatoes, olives and capers. It was ok, but not what we were looking for. Our mistake for assuming it would be a typical fried calamari app. 
As tourists to PA we were not familiar with the liquor laws as well. BYOB is a completely foreign concept to me. In our research of the restaurant we did not notice any mention of BYOB and were pretty disappointed when we couldn't order drinks and the nearest liquor store was 9 blocks away. We had arrived early for our reservations had they asked before they sat us we would've gladly walked to get something. Oh well our fault again. So BYOB and pay attention to your orders if you're not familiar with the menu.We had my stepmother's 90th birthday there recently and I had to write this review because the food and service were truly OUTSTANDING.  We had 60 people in their semiprivate room for dinner and dessert and byob cocktail hour in their garden beforehand.  I have worked in hotel and private clubs as an Executive Chef for many years and I have never, ever enjoyed a function as much as I enjoyed this.  The servers set up our bars for us, let us use their glasses and served wine through dinner as well as serving the cake that we had brought (we had to have a cake as well as desert, it was mom's 90th!).  It was, in short, just FABULOUS!  All of the servers were outstanding, but Filepe (Phillipe?  Not certain of spelling) was the favorite of the evening.  The food was also outstanding, not at all like any banquet food I've ever had.
If you get a chance to have dinner here, take it.  If you're looking for a NICE place to have a function with byob liquor, please consider Branzinos.  WE LOVED IT!Unfortunately I have not one good thing to say about my experience here. Started off okay on a Saturday evening with small group. Had the calamari app and the mussels. Calamari was actually very good but mussels were in a bland red watery sauce. Two hours later with empty bottles of wine, our entrees had still not arrived. The place was not even packed and we watched other tables get their food before us. Now what could have been remedied a bit was not at all as we had to track down our waiter to ask what the status was. He was not rude but far from apologetic about the wait. The best part was when a glass was accidentally broken nobody even bothered to come clean it up and left shards of glass under our table!  
Would like to say the food was worth the wait but far from it.  The lobster ravioli was what was to be expected (rich ravioli), rigatoni with sausage forgettable and the branzino was totally flavorless. You would think they would at least do a proper job on their main fish.  I had the pork chop which I did enjoy (as much as i could by that time) and seemed to have been the best choice out of all. 
Overall I'd say place is completely forgettable, not to mention the backroom has this catered wedding hall feel to it and creates no ambiance whatsoever. Maybe if we'd brought a case of wine with us my review would have been different!I went there last week for an early dinner.  The place struck me as peculiar looking upon arrival - the tables and chairs look like a wedding banquet hall furnishing, and the murals and chandeliers make me think of suburban Italianate houses - but before too long I was immersed in my food, wine, and the good company of my dining partner.  The service that a lot of people seem to think of as "rushed" is, i think, just hyper-attentive.  The place was packed before too long and the atmosphere was close and boisterous, in a good way.  The fennel and radicchio salad seemed roughly cut and thus a little tough, but the dressing was perfectly balanced.  It was a chewy delight to eat.  The pasta with rabbit ragu was savory, not at all greasy.  I was pleasantly surprised by this place and would go back.  It was also surprisingly affordable for the quality of the food.We went to this place for my husband's birthday last weekend.  We walk by it all the time and we didn't know how nicely it opened up in the backroom because you really can't see the entire restaurant from the street.  What a hidden gem this place is!
The environment was cozy and quaint.  I loved how the crowd was mixed from like older folks to younger folks, business people and casual diners.  Definitely a versatile place that can be a spot for you to just catch up with some old friends or go out for a nice date night.  Very comfortable environment and friendly wait staff.
On to the food...  For appetizer we had Tuna Carpaccio and it was delicious.  The fish was fresh and it was nicely accompanied with some mixed greens.  The Branzino is great!  It will just blow you away...  The veal was okay, it was nothing special but it wasn't bad.  We also asked for a side of spaghetti marinara because we wanted some pasta.  Big mistake!  The side of pasta cost us $12... Felt like that was kind of overpriced for just a side of regular pasta with sauce.  Might as well of just ordered a full serving of pasta for an extra few bucks!
Overall, it was a good dining experience with above-average food.  And it is also BYOB, which is always a big plus!I came here with two friends a few weeks ago and had a pretty pleasant experience. There are a few tricks to save some moo-lah at this restaurant. They have appetizer-sized entrees, which are actually normal entree sized! After seeing these dishes, I can't even imagine how large the regular portions are. 
So, our table of three ordered two appetizers, and three appetizer sized entrees, and it was more than enough food. It also ended up costing a little bit less than just getting 3 regular entrees. So, not only did we spend less, but we also got to try a larger variety of plates.
My main highlight was the squid ink pasta, it was very delicious and I would recommend it to anyone. The grilled calamari was also excellent, and I promise I am not just obsessed with squid!
This place gets 3 stars because there were some rules that were not indicated on the menu. Apparently, each person is required to get either an entree, and entree and appetizer, or two appetizers. This was not written down anywhere, so our waiter made us get 2 more plates so that he "wouldn't be in trouble with his manager". Oh well, you win some, you lose some.This is your basic Italian restaurant in center city. The food is all fairly good, with no particular standouts. The service is fine, at least in my experience, if on the slow side.  However, there's nothing to particularly recommend the restaurant to my friends. The decor is a little unsettling, the crowd is on the older (50+) side, and the food doesn't taste any different to me than at La Viola, which is in the same area and a bit cheaper. This is a fine option for a basic meal in the area, particularly if you can't get a table at another BYO, but I likely won't be going back unless someone else plans the trip.One of the better BYOB restaurants i have been to in the city. My wife and I usually split a pasta dish for the appetizer and get bronzino for dinner. No complaints, everything was good.Ordinary food, poor service.  Much better alternatives for Italian in Philadelphia.Went for Philly Restaurant Week with 4 of my girls. Being that our reservation was at 6:30 on a Friday, there was a decent amount of city traffic two of us were stuck in. The rest of our party was seated and let them know we'd be a few minutes late. We got there at 6:45-6:50 only to find that the waitress had made our friends order our appetizers for us and they were already sitting on the table. She told them they had to order or get up. She continued to be rude and short throughout the meal. Luckily, our friends knew what to order us. I got the Caesar salad which tasted like it had been sitting out for quite some time. For my entree I got the shrimp fettuccine which was a disappointment. The shrimp was over cooked and there was barely any flavor. For dessert, I had the tiramisu which was good. What bothered me the most about my experience is that after we paid the bill, as I was finishing my glass of water, another server came over and took it right from the table after I placed it down. No words, nothing. Just took all our full water glasses. I understand it's restaurant week and they want a quick turn around but I've never experienced such a thing.There are far superior byob's in this general locale to waste your time eating here.  Both my and my husband's meals were dry (chicken and veal) and bland.  There are at least 5 other byob's in a 3 block radius that kick the cream out of this place.  Thumbs down!I recently hosted a rehearsal dinner at Branzino.  As the mother of the groom, (living in Colorado), I had to do most of the planning and coordinating through phone calls and emails.  I always got quick responses from the event staff, and Dori was a pleasure to work with.  When we booked the restaurant a year ago, we could only give a guesstimate on how many would attend.  As the event got closer, our numbers grew, and Branzino was great in giving us a bigger private space, which opened to the outside gardens.  When we arrived the evening of the event, the room looked amazing. They had thought of everything, down to icing our champagne to putting special menus at every place setting.  We had the $55.00 pp, fixed menu and there were great choices and all the food was delicious.  They had plenty of waiters working our room and were very attentive to us.  I could not be more pleased.  They made sure we were in and out of there in 2 1/2 hrs., which was our timeline, but they didn't rush us at all.  I would definitely recommend the venue for a special event or just a dinner for 2.  It is one of my son's favorite restaurants, and I can see why.  I'll definitely be dining there again the next time I'm in Philly visiting him and his new wife!They overbooked Valentine's Day (I mean, they blamed it on a POS system that wasn't working right and whatnot, until my partner demanded the truth and an employee admitted they overbooked and asked if that made him happy.) 
Branzino's had over an hour wait for those with reservations, even though when I called, they said they were behind by 15-20 minutes. There was no one besides patrons waiting at the hostess area, so we awkwardly stood around for about 10 minutes before other customers told us there were people waiting downstairs. There was a huge crowd of people who had yet to be seated, so we decided we wanted to leave and when we finally flagged someone down who wouldn't ignore us (after trying to speak to 4-5 people), were told she would get a manager. Except when we saw the same employee again, and tried to ask about the manager, she acted like she didn't hear us, even though she spent a minute closing out a tab and swiping a credit card at the waiters area where we stood! This restaurant forced us to pay a $50 deposit two weeks before our reservation, and we wanted to just leave. After asking another waiter about a refund, she scribbled random words on a pad and said we'd get it back, without even asking for our name or the card we paid with. She then walked away and I had to find her again, 5 minutes later.  I made a huge stink about needing my card swiped and a RECEIPT for a refund because 1.) that makes no sense to just tell me my money is refunded and 2.) I don't even live in PA. That did it - and she finally asked for our card and had us sign for a refund. There was a HERD of roughly 30 people waiting downstairs in a "holding area" as they put it, some waiting over an hour to be seated. Couples with 8:00 reservations were still waiting by the time we left at 9:15 and others with reservations at 8:30 were sat before them only because happened to be standing at the waiter station where we were. 45 minutes of my life was wasted here. 
Branzino's, you should be ashamed of the way your business is ran!!!Our group of 6 was anticipating a good meal in a comfortable setting. The setting is attractive but the food does not live up to expectations. This was the first time in memory that out of a group of 6 diners, not one of us enjoyed our meal. The appetizers were ok for the most part. We asked for bread 3 times and waited one hour and twenty minutes for it to arrive!! My signature  fish was mushy, very overcooked. One of our group ordered chicken and was served veal which he does not eat for ethical reasons. Our waiter was taken aback by this flub and offered to supply another selection, but by this time it was almost 10:30 pm and we had had enough of their culinary skills. Our friend's wife ordered a different veal dish and the meat was tough. The Osso Buco my husband had was just fair. Our waiter brought out coffee and a table full of desserts because he felt so badly, but  all we really wanted was a good dinner.Up until our most recent visit, we really liked Branzino. With the opening of their new, large third dining room, everything changed. We had to wait on the crowded steps (no other waiting space indoors) till we were seated at 7:30 for our 7:00 reservation. The acoustics in the new room are non-existent, so it was unbelievably noisy. The service was close to non-existent, incredibly slow. We were there almost three hours total. My meat was over-cooked but I didn't complain because I didn't get it till after 8:30 and was starving. Don't think we'll be back. Ever. Unless they hire enough staff to accommodate the much larger capacity, fix the acoustics, add a waiting area and simply get their act together! (P.S. No one there seemed to be in charge; it was a free-for-all with staff running here and there, although not to our table!)We chose this Intimate Italian BYO on the recommendation of friends. It has a nice atmosphere and great food and service. The butternut squash apple soup was wonderful as was the Scaloppine Sorento. It was our wedding anniversary and it didn't disappoint.I either love or hate a place,  I love branzino!  I've been here 3-5 times, every time we had the waitress that looks like Penelope Cruz and she is so nice and very attentive.  We've been seated outdoors in the summer it was gorgeous, as well as indoors.
Twice we went without reservations and we were seated immedietly (just two people.)  Also with reservations we were seated on time.  
Usually I get this chicken dish but I've tried my friends meals all kind of varieties I cannot remember what they had but i remember they were good.
I will definitely be back, especially in the summer.Branzino's was amazing! The food was delicious, the service was great. I can not say how much I enjoyed the experience! Every time I go home to visit I will be going back!I was taken here for Valentines Day... I am in LOVE (with him and this restaurant!!!)
1. BYOB!
2. This place is GORGEOUS! the architecture is so nice, it makes you feel like a million bucks to be able to dine here.
3. the service is wonderful... some people said that they kick you out. we went close to closing time... so we were one of the last people there. they were really nice. one of the servers, she may have been an owner or a manager but she walked over and had a small chat with us, how we had heard of the place, did we enjoy our meal, etc. it was really nice of her.
4. the food was so good! i could go into detail of what i had but ill let you discover that for urself.. everything was delicious! 
5. its rittenhouse.. the place looks small (similar to La Viola) but its very spacious. I hate the restaurants where you can hear what your neighbors are talking about.. this was not it! it was loud but quiet, oddly, i never had to yell across the table and i never had to ignore someones conversation.
6. i felt underdressed but it wasnt the place that looks like they would judge you for not wearing high heels or a shirt and tie. very casual for the casualness...
7. everything was so good i couldnt finish dessert. it was so good though. raspberry and chocolate... all put together... mmmmm! 
overall, this is a really romantic place to have a delicious dinner for a nice occasion. its a bit pricey for my pocket but its def. nice for a splurge.All of the food was just OK.  The arugula salad had too much lemon and pepper that it just brought out the strong flavors of the arugula more than compliment them.  I ordered the zucca for my meal, which were good.  My fiance got the ossobuco and was underwhelmed.  With all of the Italian restaurants to chose from, this wouldn't be a place we would frequent or even come back to.  It was nice to try it though, and the service was friendly and attentive.Came for restaurant week, left wishing I had stayed home. The portions were small and the food was overpriced. Service was average, but I was turned off by my waiter speaking in a mix of Spanish and English the whole night. The Spanish language is great and all, but c'mon this is an establishment purporting to be a upscale Italian "Ristorante" not Qdoba.
Branzino would only be worthy of one star, however, the Chicken Salsiccia was particularly good.I went here for the first time, mainly because it was one of the few places I could get a reservation the Friday afternoon before I wanted a table.  I later realized the cavernous back room is the reason they had free space.  It was by no means empty, as several large parties quickly filled up the space.
The food - the menu is not overly extensive, with 4-5 choices in each category, which made choosing that much easier.  They were also happy to accommodate simple additions/omissions from the menu.  The food came out quickly, including the appetizer.  We had the artichoke which were served with roasted red peppers and were a great change from antipasti or calamari as Italian staples.
The main courses were perfectly sized, not so small that you were wondering if the chef was an artist or a cook, but no too big, so that you could finish it and leave full but still walking.  We tried the shrimp and scallops as well as the special pasta.  Both dishes contained fresh seafood, and were cooked well.  
Service - while fast, the service was a little confusing.  Our server doubled as our busser and our other server was always a few minutes late behind the busser.  They were, however, attentive and got everything correct.  The main negative against this restaurant was that our table was in a corner of the stairway, meaning that our table was in a main thoroughfare for employees and patrons.
Overall I thought the food was worth the prices, the atmosphere was a little loud but good, and I would go back.  Plus it is BYOWent here last night with a group of ladies for a bachelorette dinner.  We wanted something classy but also wanted to bring our own wine. 
Positives:
-We were seated right away and the water was kept full by the waitstaff.
-Great Tiramisu
Negatives:
-We all ordered small plates of pasta and waited an hour and a half for them to come out.  Don't go here if you're trying to catch a show or you will be lucky to make it to the midnight showing of the Rocky Horror Picture Show.  
-The server didn't put in one girl's order, so she had to order something completely different.  After 1.5 hours of waiting, the server was able to rustle up a replacement dish in under three minutes.  Weird.
-At the end of the night, after all we had been through with our less-than-warm waitress who messed up our order and was near impossible to find when we wanted to know where our food was, refused to let us use more than two credit cards.  We had to interact with three other staff members in order to get her to break this "policy" which was unbeknownst to the table.  We felt that she should be a bit willing to make an exception since we were trying to continue with our various bachelorette activities and had already spent 2.5 hours in the restaurant.
-We left hungry.  This place's menu is "go hard or go home" in that you have to order either a tiny portion of pasta (The Bolognese was a small dish for $14) or a massive entree for $30.  It would have been nice to see some more middle of the road options.I would never go back.
Stale environment, bizarre waitstaff, and worst of all, the portions were TINY.   and sure, I've been to Italy, I understand how the true Italian way of eating is, but this was to the negative extreme.
We brought guests from out of town there because they wanted italian, and we were embarrassed to have taken them there.  no one commented on the food except for one of us "the ravioli was a little strange, but good."  Not the kind of response I like to hear.
Basically, the worst part was that everything was overpriced for such small portions.  $20 for 5 ravioli?  Unacceptable. 
Never ever again.Great byob, dope pasta. Highly recommend the crab ravioli, it's got a delicious lemony kick.  Servers are nice and leave you alone to enjoy your company and meal.Honestly the most rude and inhospitable restaurant experience I have ever had!!!  Better come with deep pockets and be extremely hungry otherwise you will certainly be treated like crap, even though there were many open tables in the dining room throughout the entire time we were there.  The owners apparently do not care about pleasing the customers they do have.  Apparently they would rather insult them for not ordering enough entrees, which are all meat and fish.  God forbid you are a vegetarian or would prefer a pasta dish.  I will never return to this establishment and will continue to spread the real truth about the owners and their obnoxious mindset.Branzino is a nice go-to place.  I have been there twice and will definitely be back.  The service is good and the food is tasty so you can't really go wrong.  I especially like it because it is so close to my apartment!  
If you are looking for a good BYO in this neighborhoord - definitely check this place out. 
Item to note - the branzino of course!  It has to be good here since its the name of the restaurant.  I recently had veal which was nice and the portion was large too, definitely more than I could eat but its nice that they don't skimp.  The menu is quite large so you will definitely need to go back several times in order to get all of the dishes you want to try.  
Tip - Go here in nice weather and ask to sit out back.  It is a lovely garden area that you wouldn't even know is there when walking or driving by.Great curb appeal. Looks very nice from street Food was ok but came out of kitchen way too slow 45 minute between appetizer and entree.  Staff was pleasant but not attentive. kitchen could not get it done 
With restaurant at maybe 70% capacity 
Go if you have 3 hours for dinnerJust average food + bad service = never going back. 
My wife and I went here on a Saturday night with another couple and had reservations for 8pm. The food was fine but nothing special, and for the price there are many other places I'd rather go. I had the pasta with rabbit meat ragu, which tasted good but the portion was on the small side for $18.50. We had tiramisu for dessert - again average, nothing that I couldn't get at any of the other Italian restaurants in the city. 
At 10pm, we were polishing off the 2 bottles of wine we'd brought with us and had just finished our dessert, and were enjoying the company of the couple we were with. At that point, our waiter informed us that they needed to clean the table for their second seating. He must have said the same thing to the parties at the other tables in the dining room, as everyone abruptly gathered their belongings and made their way to the door. 
Now I understand that the restaurant is small, but I think it's reasonable to expect not to be essentially kicked out of a place after spending over $100 on a mediocre meal. Ultimately, there are lots of other places where you can spend just as much, eat better food, and receive better service than this one. Save your money and go across the street to Fontana, a larger Italian BYO where the food is better and you can stay at your table for as long as you like.When we arrived at the restaurant, the hostess informed us that someone called and cancelled our reservation about 10 min. ago.  No one from our party did such a thing, but the restaurant had already contacted the open pages and we received a no-show notification from them.
We were found a table nevertheless and were seated in a huge room more suitable for a cheap neighborhood joint than for a fine restaurant.
 I ordered their speciality, a whole grilled fish.  What I got was a baked fillet.  I complained and was told that the fish gets filleted in the kitchen.  I said that when I order a whole fish, I expect to get a whole fish.  I was told it would take 8-10 min.  20 min. later, when everybody at the table had already finished their dinners, my fish arrived.  It was a whole fish but a fish that had never touched the surface of a grill.  The skin was smooth and soft.
I called the manager and said the fish was not grilled, she said that was how they prepare it - both grilled and baked.  There was no way that fish was grilled even for a minute, the skin would not be so soft and pale.
I often get whole grilled in restaurants and it never looks like that !
I was offered no apology, no complimentary coffee.
If they serve baked fillet instead of whole grilled fish, they should not misrepresent it on the menu.
I can't say anything else about any other food because the fish was the only thing I tasted, but the pasta dishes the others ordered looked sad, nothing like pasta dishes look in good Italian restaurants.  I was very disappointed.My husband and I ate at the newly reopened Branzino on 8/15/18.  The food was DELICIOUS and the service EXCELLENT.  The other little known fact about this place is that they have a WONDERFUL PRIVATE TREE-LINED BRICK COURTYARD that you will not see at many places in Center City.  It was excellent for outside dining.  This place is excellent both as a neighborhood and a destination restaurant.  Definitely a great place for all!  I would highly recommend giving it a try.  Also, an added benefit is that it is a BYO, which made the price very reasonable.  A must try for all!Good food, very slow service. The tables are small and they tend to squeeze too many people in at the larger ones.Horrendous!!!!!  The most awful experience I ever had!  I wrote a review and it was taken down within a week.  I thought yelp was for the customers and businesses had no control over their input, now I'm not sure.  We were treated so badly by the owners for not ordering enough food.  Our waiter never informed us that we were supposed to order entrees for each person, probably because it does not state this on the menu.  Apparently pasta dishes do not count as a meal.  We were treated as if bringing bottles of wine into a byob is an obnoxious thing to do....oh only if you don't order a meat course.  FYI not everyone eats meat! Either way I would never recommend this restaurant to anyone ever!! Unless you like to be abused.I ate here during restaurant week with associates that work at my firm. The food was excellent - well cooked steak and fish plates. Overall, everyone in my party of 7 was very satisfied. 
The 3 star rating comes from the server's lack of discretion at the end of the meal. I handed him my card to pay, and he came back about 5 minutes later and announced to the entire table that the card was declined. This was incredibly rude. I gave him another card. My associate watched him try to ring the second card up several times, until he was frustrated and tried a different machine. He came back several minutes later with the receipt for signing.
It was very clear that this was a machine issue, and not an issue with my card. Either way, the lack of discretion and rudeness really soured the meal, and it was an embarrassing situation to have occur in front of associates. I am not sure if I will return because of it, especially with my staff.Had branzino for lunch here. Was pretty quite during weekday lunch hour. Definitely not busy spot. I saw couple old coupe were dining. My branzino was decent size and was ok. But nothing special. I wasn't very impressed so haven't back since my last trip..Branzino is a quaint BYOB in Rittenhouse, and I really wanted to like it but the food was sub-par. I ordered Tuna Carpacio that was sliced so thin I had to scrape it off the plate. For my entree, I had Squash Ravioli (a house favorite) that had a flavor similar to chicken broth and was very small portion wise, I think there were 5 raviolis. The rest of my party also reported less than average meals. High points were the mussels as an app. and the deserts were pretty good. Service was good, our waiter was very accommodating, however we were seated outside and asked several times for the heaters to be turned on and they never were and it was very dark (and difficult to read the menus). Overall I wouldn't avoid the place, but I probably wouldn't go back soon.I've only been here twice, but had lovely food and normal service both times. Grilled baby squid appetizer was tender and plentiful. The eponymous fish is crispy skinned (I'm not 100% sure if that's correct usage of eponymous) and caper sauced, the ravioli and gnocchi involve rich cream sauces. Vegetarians have a lot of options in the pasta section of the menu. I found portions to be average, no doggy bags were necessary for the wimpy eaters. BYO and sidewalk seating available, at least 1 large round table available for larger groups. (Also the bathroom is not handicapped accessible.)Great little BYOB, went here for my birthday with my husband and another couple.  Service was excellent and food was fantastic.  Make reservations the dining area gets very crouded.this byo in center city is such a gem! i came here with a big group for restaurant week and a friend's going away luncheon. the outside patio is absolutely ADORABLE (but it was too hot to sit outside). the service was fine, bread and water were replenished rather promptly. 
the food is delicious! i had a crab and shrimp pasta that was heavenly! and the grilled calamari was a really delicious start to the meal. to end the meal, i got the pineapple basil sorbet, which was super refreshing! i highly recommend it. 
i think my friend's veal may have been just average, but the pasta dish i got was really good. im quite surprised by the 3 star reviews, but i guess if i had gotten the veal i would have given the place a 3.5 star review.This place is horrible, terrible. Not only is the staff rude and completely absent from servicing, but they will try to rip you off. They claim to tell you that the pasta dishes are NOT the price they're printed and that there's an additional charge, but three separate tables were not made aware of this and subsequently rang up checks hundreds of dollars more than expected. If I could give this place negative stars, I would. I waited two hours for mediocre food, dealt with rude staff, and was charged a lot of money. Never ever again.I had a very good experience here although my boyfriend keeps saying nothing was special. First of all, I like this place because it's BYOB. The tables are a bit close to one another (so we ended up talking to our old neighbors all throughout the night). Still, it has table clothes, nice fresco, etc. 
Gotta say, their branzino IS pretty pretty good. Also, I had carpaccio ---let me phrase that again, the BEST carpaccio ever! I order carpaccio in every restaurant I go that has it. I have ordered that all over Europe too. But for some odd reason, this place had the best (filet mignon) carpaccio ever! I was quite happy with their pasta dishes too. If you are in Philly, try it once. I know there are many great places to try in Philly but this place is totally worth your wallet. :DReservations for 6 people at 6pm on Saturday. Menus didn't arrive until 6:15. Ordered at 6:20. Appetizers arrived at 6:35. Main courses arrived at 7:10. There were more than enough waiters and service staff, but they did not seem to know what they were doing - very disorganized. Half the tables were empty, so they were not too busy, thus no excuse there. Food was OK, and prices were reasonable. I would rate them at 3 stars except for the excessively long wait for food, especially on a Saturday at prime time.Branzino excelled at presentation, flavors, and service. Their food is not only delicious it is also absolutely beautiful. The service was attentive and so helpful with the menu. If you go i would advice ordering a salad, pasta, an entree, and you cannot miss dessert! Definite recommend!Screwed
I took my daughter and future son-in-law to Branzino after hearing great things and reading great reviews as a place to consider hosting their Rehearsal Dinner.  We were tolerant of slightly lethargic service on a Saturday night as the setting was lovely and we were comfortably tucked in a corner.  HOWEVER, when I found a small screw in my spinach salad, the quality of our experience shifted dramatically.  I called the waiter, he whisked both salad and screw away swiftly with a perfunctory 'sorry,' and then.....NOTHING.   No owner apology, head waiter visit or matre'd apology.  After a while, I got up and mentioned this to the hostess.  THEN, the owner came over...But somehow we just didn't feel as though they were really THAT sorry.  In the end, food might have been OK, but they charged me for the salad and comp'd two desserts.  While dollar-wise, we may have come out slightly ahead, there is NO way I want to go back or host anything there....They may have award winning preparations, but their handling of guests leaves much to be desired.Went here last Saturday. Had reservations for 5 at 8pm. Were seated at 8:40pm. What is the point of having a rsvp? To compound the situation, the restaurant had called TWICE to ensure we were coming. We were there on time. No need to harass if you aren't going to be on time! The hostess seemed very apologetic about the whole thing, but we were not offered to open our wine bottles while we were sitting at the outside tables waiting.
The food was decent. My friend's crab cake app was really good, but she found a piece of plastic in it (the hostess believes it was a piece of exoskeleton basically), and the politely made it complimentary. I got a crab and shrimp linguini, which tasted a little too "fishy" (not in the good way) to me, but not sure if it's because of the crab. The shrimp in it was super tasty. 
Dessert: we all shared the ricotta cheesecake. I personally hate ricotta so of course I am biased. I don't know if the others liked it, but out of the 5 of us sharing it, there was still some left on the plate.
I like the other Italian BYOBs better. Cheaper and I have never waited that long for my reservation.I just had the most delightful experience at Branzino with my significant other. From start to finish, our meal was a first-class act. We were greeted by house manager and welcomed to our seats in a beautiful eating room with well-set tables. It was unfortunate to hear that the restaurant had burned down some time ago and was rebuilt and they've been having a hard time obtaining back their clientele - I have no idea why because my experience was OUTSTANDING! The restaurant has a modern ambiance but the music and food take you back to an Italian era. I ate the Branzino, which is a European bass. It was filleted next to my table and prepared with simple ingredients and BOY it was delectable! I loved the presentation. My partner got the scallops and really enjoyed them. It's BYOB and we brought our own wine, which i prefer and it's such Philly thing to do. The waiting staff was great. We finished our meal with a cake topped with hazelnut sorbet (delectable) and a raspberry gelato. I would definitely come back again, especially to eat outside in their garden. By the way, they offer a 15% off neighborhood discount! I took the time to write this review because I really would love to see this place do well, their food and service is great quality and they deserve it!I have always enjoyed dinners at Branzino. This time I went to a Restaurant Week lunch and it was outstanding. The best Caesar salad, branzino, gelato. Our server was extremely attentive and helpful. We had a nice table near a window and there was no loud music. So enjoyable! I highly recommend it and will return again.Food was okay, nothing extraordinary. Service was slow. Portions were veryyyy small, especially for the price!!! Outside patio was the only highlight, and even then mediocre.STAY AWAY! The food was good, but took forever. I witnessed one of the owners yell at a hardworking employee, in an unnecessarily mean way. Huge turnoff when the employer mistreats the employee like that! Very FAKE! I wouldn't recommend Branzino if your a person of principals. Really didn't like how the employees were being treated. As someone who has been in this business for over 30 years, I know first-hand, you should treat your employees with respect. This place obviously doesn't think that's too important, and for that reason, I won't be back.I love this place! It's newly redone due to a fire last spring, but the real charm of the place is the staff; waiters, waitresses and the family management. In true Italian style, they made us feel at home with no pressure to finish one course and move on to the next as in many American places. And the food was universally excellent. I had a Lamb shank which exceeded the best I had ever had in Rome over 20 years ago. You do need to bring your own wine, but that is part of the fun if you are like me and hate spending $100 for a $20 bottle of wine. I wish I could have ordered everything on the menu.