My friends and I met here for Happy Hour.  
Great Space. Great atmosphere. 
Good HH deals.  I ordered the Brautwurst Sandwich with sauerkraut which came with mustard on the side.  I really enjoyed the food and the time thereThis is a condensed review during restaurant week.
First of all, Brauhaus Schmitz, when viewed as a restaurant week deal is nothing short of amazing! The entire ambiance is quite rustic, with cute wooden drawers decorating the walls, larger-than-life murals and waiters walking around in traditional German garments. The food, as least when you order items like the shanks, are well portioned, especially when considering the $35pp. I also loved the beer, especially the flights of beer (ranging from $10-18), as it allows a non-beer drinker to enjoy an impressive array of various flavors and textures of the classic German beers without feeling overwhelmed.
For the food, I wasn't a big fan of the cheese and beer soup, as they were served luke-warm to cool and the taste just didn't settle in right with my stomach. However, the braised beef stew with carrots and potatoes were perfect for a wintry evening. For the second course, we got the potato pancakes and the red cabbage salad with bacon dressing. I have to be honest, even though the cabbage may have looked incredibly plain, the subtle bacon aroma, especially when bathed with the acidity of the vinaigrette gave the dish a better representation based on its mouthfeel than its visual features. The potato pancake was unfortunately floppy, in both taste, texture and temperature. As for the main dish, I got the pork shank and my wife got the sausages. The shank was definitely neanderthal sized with thick and flavorful chichurons, although the meat was not flavored at all, possibly due to its size. The sausages were alright, but I wasn't too crazy as they were just slightly too greasy. The desserts, unfortunately fell through. Even though we were offered the apple strudels as options, we were told 10 minutes after ordering that they were out. As a result, we opted for the pretzel pudding and the chocolate cake. Both were incredibly sweet and surprisingly very tough in texture (almost like treebark jerky) and we had to dissect the dish just to avoid chipping our teeth.
So, with all this, why the 2 stars? Well, it comes down to service. Our waiter, without going in details just did not do the job right. He was never attentive, hard to pin down, looked at us weirdly during the entire dinner, delivered food for 3 out of 4 patrons at a time with an awkward 5 minute pause without any explanation or apologizes. Needless to say, his behavior and actions single-handedly ruined our experience.
Food: 4 stars
Price: 5 stars (for restaurant week)
Service: 0 stars
Ambiance: 4 stars (the music could be less loud)Great experience, live our server Megan. Love German food choices. Great German wine. Easy parking. Close to South Street Seaport. Make it part of your day tripThis place is just flat out awesome. If you're a beer person, they've got tons of different beers bottled and on tap, mostly in the German variety. Some of these are harder to find in the states. And some beers you can get in a liter mug. 
For food, it's instant nostalgia if you've been to Germany, otherwise it's just a great dining experience. This is as close to authentic German food as your going to get in Philly. That being said, if you're a vegetarian, German food probably isn't for you (they may have vegetarian dishes, but you'll be limited). 
This place is just what you need for a good hearty meal to combat the winter and will have some nice cold beer to refresh you in the summer. One of my new favorites in the city.My bridal shower was hosted here and it was amazing. Not your typical shower because I wanted it to be a "Jack and Jill" style party and since my fiancé is mostly German this fit our party perfectly. 
The private room, food and staff were amazing. They were on top of everything, friendly and accommodating for my guests. All around a great group of people. The food was delicious, came out hot and made sure there was always enough. I could go on and on about how great this place was but I'm hoping you will go and find out for yourselves. 
This was my first time there and I can't wait to go back. Thank you so much for making my special day exceed all my expectations.Almost an hour wait to get our food on a Sunday afternoon. How hard is to cook sausages?
Being nice, complaining and asking politely why doesn't help get your food any faster. Fail. Won't come back here.I came here via a Livingsocial Adventure and had an excellent time.  The place looks very authentic and the wait staff are extremely friendly.  We got to sample 4 of their draft beers.  The names escape me, but they were all pretty tasty.  We also tried the pretzel and fries.  Both were excellent.  If their brats and schnitzel can match the quality of their appetizers, they will surely make me a frequent customer.  I highly anticipate going back!Awesome German food, great staff. Our server Megan could not of been nicer. Great atmosphere. If you get a chance come on outI'll readily admit, I'm the Colonel Klink of German Bier-Hall expertise. 
My German acumen is accumulated from seeing Germany (in Busch Gardens & Epcot)..as well as Otto's in Horsham, Ludwigs here in Philly..and watching hours of Hogans Heroes. So, I am obviously more than qualified to comment on Brauhaus Schmitz.
I am giving them slack, as I am desperate for authentic, good German food and beer in Philadelphia, and they are still fine-tuning.
We had the Sauerbraten and 3-4 half-liters of various biers. The Sauerbraten was dry, yet the spaetzle and sauerkraut were terrific. 
The service was quick, the atmosphere very good. We were told the wait for table was 30min, 15 min later, we were seated. 
We enjoyed the music (although barely audible). The beer selection is great, and rotates. The wait staff knew their stuff on food (although they need to bone-up on their beer knowledge..for us clueless on German Beer). 
Gotta hit the Brats and Goulash!I love the concept of this place. It's filled with German beers and all kinds of German food as well. The atmosphere is awesome and the staff professional and friendly. Even though it's obviously more renowned for the beer selection their attempt at making it a sit down dine in restaurant that a family can come in to enjoy is appreciated. I'm letting you know now, this place is all about GERMAN BEER. You will find more varieties and seasonal beers here straight from the motherland than anywhere else in a 50 mile radius. That being said don't expect them to have the alcohol for you dolce leche tini whatever you wanna call it. Staff was easy to get ahold of and if they didn't have a beer they had in their glossary of German beer they were quick to suggest something they had like it. You can get your beers in all kinds of sizes leading right up to pitchers if you're with a group and its still relatively cheap.Great gluten free options! Great service! Great food! I haven't tried something off their menu I have not liked. Their happy hour is awesome ($5 sausages).Super warm and cozy place and staff.
My family, friends and I always enjoy our dishes.  Child-friendly for lunch and (early) dinner.Gave us a great overall dining experience. Fantastic atmosphere for during sports games- definitely the place to go to watch a hockey game with some friends and incredible beer. Authentic German cuisine: Potato pancakes, sauerkraut to die for, and tastey desserts (Caramel pretzel bread pudding was on point). Alcohol menu was extensive and full of great choices. If we were locals, this would be our go-to restaurant!Very good food 
Awesome people and atmosphere 
We went there for October fest and it was great easy to find very clean 
Recommend it to everyone to tryI've been here several time and the beer just seems to get better each time I go. Their beer selection really can't be beat if you are into German beers. One of my favorites has to be the Erdinger.
The food is always great here and I haven't had anything that I didn't like. The pretzels are probably the best in the city. They come out fresh and warm and are sure to please. They come with two mustards for dipping, one is a hot mustard and the other is sweeter but still a bit spicy.
The service has always been great for us here and we usually go with a fairly large group (6-8 people). The waiters and waitresses are always lot of fun and really know their stuff. I've also been on a couple occasion where they had live music, which was really fun. The last group we saw there was a bluegrass band that was really into their act and a lot of fun to watch.
This is definitely one of my top 5 places to go in Philly and I always tell people to go here.I read an article in the Inquirer when they first opened, and was intrigued. This was my first experience eating authentic German food. I went to a show at the TLA a few blocks down and I left time for dinner. We parked across the street from Brauhaus Schmitz so I suggested we go there. We weren't disappointed. 
The beer list is impressive. I picked a lager that sounded good and it was delicious. The waitress was very helpful and suggested a few based on our preferences. They had $3 appetizers so we each had one of those. I had Obatzda, very different but very savory. My dining partner had a similar app, but with liverwurst on rye instead of the cheese mixture. 
I dug right in and decided on the wurstplatte, which gives you a choice of two wursts and two sides. I had the kasewurst (beef, pork and cheese) and the bauerwurst (beef, pork, garlic and pepper). Both were good, but the bauerwurst was better, especially if you love garlic. I had applesauce and spaetzle as sides. Both were homemade and the spaetzle was buttery. My dining partner had the bratwurst with sauerkraut and spaetzle. With that entree you get a whole coil of brat so he took half of it home. 
Surprisingly, we had room for dessert and split a Sachertorte. I have to admit I had just seen the No Reservations Austria episode so I had high hopes for this chocolate delicacy. It exceeded my expectations and however many calories it contained, it was well worth it. 
The waitresses were helpful and attentive. The lights were dim and the ambiance loud, and there was some soccer game playing on the televisions. (I also noticed beer specials during soccer games.)
Overall this is something different from the same old same old offered in the area. Highly recommended.Went for the first time after having wanted to go for several years. The place was quite nice inside with a decent atmosphere.  Although I appreciate the fact that the place was opened up to the outside, it was hot and humid outdoors.  The place was uncomfortable inside and they have no ceiling fans so there was no air movement whatsoever.
The beer list is impressive with many nice German offerings which you won't find at even many of the well known beer establishments in the city.  But I was not blown away by the food.  The salted white radishes appetizer was served at above room temperature and was on its way to becoming kimchi.  Edible but likely not freshly prepared.  While the sausages my mother-in-law had were ok, my Schnitzel was soggy and the meat dry.  Pathetic considering this should be a standard.  Potato salad, cucumber salad, and rotkohl (red cabbage) side dishes were good.  My wife had the cheese spatzle which was ok but nothing special.  I'm hoping it was an off weekend given it was the Memorial Day weekend but if the food is like this all the time, I won't be back.  
Only disclaimer I have is my mom is German and I've had the luxury of eating good German food both at home and in Germany.  So take the above for what it's worth.We stopped here for after dinner drinks. I wanted a good pretzel and this place delivered! The sauce was good, the beer was good, the service was good. If I lived in Philly this place would be a regular spot.This place is absolutely amazing. Great variety of beer and awesome service. Atmosphere is stellar especially during a european event. The potatoe pancakes were the best we ever had!!! Definetly recommend this place to others and will continue to go back for more!Best German good in the general Philly area. The schnitzel and house made sausages are fantastic. The sides are excellent. Their beer list is amazing and they have some of the best schnapps I've ever encountered. It's a tad overpriced, $18-25 for dinner, but it's tasty.
It's also beautiful inside.Good beer selection, and certainly the nicest bar on south st. We didn't try the food, but the beer recommendations by our waiter were all great.Do not go on a weekend if you are driving!!! There was basically no parking for a 10 block radius. Once there our waiter seemed a bit to above everyone to be nice, I guess he was having a bad day. I'll refrain from using his name to be nice. We got the sauerkraut balls which were good with good vinegar. Entree was sausages with bacon sauerkraut which wasn't that good. The bra it was ok but spicy sausage was overdone. Beer was good but you will spend 15 minutes looking through the list. I probably will never go back based on overall bad experience.Amazing!!!! Had dinner and drinks with another couple and loved it. The beer menu is great and we opted to take advantage of the multiple sizes they offer to try as many beers as we could.  Food was very good and our waitress was great at recommending items and pairings.  This was our first trip and I would say all 4 of us were sold and will return!Delicious and wide beer selection. Our server was top notch and the food was delicious. Not a sub par moment the entire evening.Beer = 4 starts
Food = 3 stars
Service = 2 stars
Longtime fan(s) of my writing know(s) that I don't mind slow service when out with friends, and Schmitz was lucky that my two companions and I had no other agenda for the evening, other than to catch-up.  And network (my agenda - I was unemployed, they weren't).  We sat along the railing on the second floor, and were seemingly ignored for long periods.  
Anyway, German meat is not a favorite of mine, but this place does as good a job as I could hope to expect.  Buying meat by the foot is just something everyone should try sometime.  Don't worry - you'll find something yummy to wash it down with.Great for authentic German food and beers. One of the best restaurants I've been to in the city.YOOOOOOOO this place is the best german restaurant I've been to and I've been to Germany. They have a huge (~15 page) beer menu and a  large food menu all filled with delicious selections. The restaurant itself is also large. Lets just say everything is jumbo sized here, including the portions. 
So I've been told that every village in Germany has their own "brew" and so thats why there can be sooo many different types of german beers, which is a pretty neat fact! I highly recommend anything with their mushroom gravy as I almost licked the plate afterwards. The service is also really friendly and the servers wear an adorable outfit that resembles a german villager. Whoever owns this restaurant definitely has a passion for sharing a true german experience and I'm definitely coming back.
If only I lived closer!Brauhaus Schmitz is a must for beer lovers and those who enjoy German food!  This is the most variety of German beers I have ever seen on draft, and I thoroughly enjoyed all the food I tried.  The only drawbacks are parking is on the street and can be hard to find, and the noise level of the restaurant can get loud.
Beers on draft are available by the liter or half litre, depending on your appetite.  I enjoyed the Julius Echter Dunkelweis for $6 for a half litre; it was a medium-dark version of a hefeweizen, and I really enjoyed it!
For starters, we had the potato pancakes ($6) and the soft pretzel $3).  Both were good, but I loved the pretzel!  The potato pancakes were two to the order, with a side of sour cream and fresh apple sauce.  The pretzel was warm and doughy with a bit of salt, and about the size of a salad plate.
For dinner, we shared the Gulasch mit Spätzle ($12) which came with one side, and the *Gemüsespätzle - spätzle with vegetables ($17) which also came with one side.  The Gulash was heavily seasoned and very hearty.  The vegetable spatzle was creamy and delicious (but you must like mushrooms).
If I lived in Philadelphia, I would definitely be a regular at this place!  Be sure to give it a try!Been going here for years. Great, authentic German food at a reasonable price, a large stock of rotating beers on the tap that are consistently fresh, and great service. One of my favorites in Philly.Highly recommend this place.
Went here to see Chelsea soccer.
Great German menu, nice selection of appetizers; we had the meat & cheese tray, both excellent!
The number one reason you want to get here; they serve Hofrbrau Haus beer on tap!!
The Royal Brew of Germany, the recipe remains a secret.
It's quite a refreshing beer.
Great service, atmosphere, food and drink!The quality of food at Brauhaus really surprised me. I was expecting something a notch above bar food and instead I received an absolutely delicious meal complemented by a fantastic beer selection. 
I do believe, dare I say it, that their soft pretzel is the best I've had in Philly (I loved the spicy mustard too). The Gemüsespätzle was fantastic. My boyfriend got the Sauerbraten and said it was the most authentic (and tasty) version he's had outside of Germany.
Thanks for classing up the bar scene, Brauhaus!Wait just a minute. You (yelp) mean to tell me that in the almost two years that I have lived across the street from this fine fine establishment/in the almost four years that I have been frequenting this fine fine establishment, I have not once...EVER....written a review? Just how drunk am...wait a minute...I'm going to stop right there.
Brauhaus Schmitz has got all the German wunder going on. From the kitchen comes a ridiculous selection of wursts, of which the bauernwurst is easily my favorite and can now be found on a roll topped with slaw at Wursthaus Schmitz at the terminal market. Pair your wurst with some kraut (I wish I could fill my bathtub with the stuff) or German potato salad so reminiscent of my grandmothers it at times makes me want to cry, and pull your meal together with one or five...or ten (then die) of Brauhaus's neverending rotating beers on tap. Get the boot! Get the boot! Or at the very least a liter, go big or go home, this is not a place to wimp out.
Happy hour here? One of the best in the city. All beer on tap is $4, two Paulaner Salvator's and I'm ready to say goodnight. The staff? Amazing. The boy bartenders are friendly and super cute, the waitresses are always looking perky in their traditional dirndls and big...uh....smiles, the kitchen staff: Jeremy, Henrik, and you Ritter! plus the rest are cranking out some awesome awesome food, and Marci...have you met her? Sweet as pie. My neighbors are regulars, fellow yelper John F. had his daughter's zero birthday here, and you're more often than not guaranteed to run into someone you know here regardless the time of day because it's just that kind of spot. 
With the addition of the Brauer Bund and it's beautiful tree bar allowing more room especially on those really crowded nights, this is hands down one of my favorite South Street neighbors and will continue to have me visiting time and time again.Had dinner tonight that was amazing. We were in Germany for 2 weeks in April and my husband and I both agree that the food here was just as good, if not better than where we were at (Munich, Garmisch, etc). The spaetzel was outstanding! We will be coming here on our next trip to phila for sure....better than a cheesesteak!!!
Parking wasn't a problem, portions were decent and prices were good. Between the 3 of us we had  wurst platters and jagerpfanne - best pork I've had in my life. I substituted spaetzel for the potatoes. My only mistake..not ordering an extra side of the spaetzel. 
We will definitely be back and will bring friends - worth the 3 hr drive from Northern Virginia!Love this place. The staff is always so friendly even when it is insanely busy or on a slow night- probably some of the best service in the city. The bartenders are always very attentive and knowledgeable. Great beer and great schinken (ham)...a month after we had the schinken plate, my boyfriend still talks about it. Maybe I'm a bit biased because I'm German but this is one of my all-time favorite spots. Do yourself a favor and los!We came for lunch today and shared six dishes.  First, the decor is rustic, lots of wood, and one of the tables is peculiarly warped, I just had to take a picture of it.  Quaint.  The place was almost empty, there was one server who was very good and helpful and attentive.
The beer is mostly German, and extensive.  I had two different kinds, both very tasty.
List of appetizers:
Potato pancakes:  good flavor, real grated potatoes, onion, herbs.  Slightly chewy (I prefer them crisp on the outside) with applesauce and sour cream.  Applesauce had cinnamon in it.
Currywurst.  Not very curry, had a barbecue-tasting sauce on the side.  Fries were fine, probably cut in-house and mildly spiced.  Not our favorite one.
Hungarian beef stew.  Tender chunks of meat, potatoes and a rich, spicy broth filled with smoked paprika and probably some extra heat.  Delightful.
Mains:
Two sausages (bratwurst and a Hungarian), with potaoes and sauerkraut.  Bratwurst tasty, slightly dry.  Hungarian sausage tasty spicy and tender.  Potatoes bland.  Sauerkraut was fantastic, with juniper berries in it and some pork belly.  Yum.  Apparently Brauhaus is known for its cabbage dishes.  I concur.
Weinerschnitzel (veal).  Nice crust on the veal, crisp, light.  But smothered with a very heavy mushroom sauce.  I would have liked it to be lighter.  Red cabbage was incredible.  Very sour, very flavorful.  Spaetzle to round it off which was a little gummy.  Perhaps the afternoon chef is not as good as the dinner chef?
Grilled Pork.  Needed more seasoning and was a little dry, but the caramelized onions on top were great.  Potatoes were quite tasty, different from the ones with the sausages.
Dessert:
Black Forest Cake.  This one was very light-bodied, refreshing almost.  But shouldn't black forest cake be heavy?  I didn't mind it, it had kirschwasser in it , yay!  It needed more cherry flavor too.  It reminded me more of a pastry than a cake, but it was pleasant.
This is a nitpicky, detailed rview.  Overall impression however, was that it was better than I expected.  I really liked it, but I think you should be choosy here.  I was intrigued by the dinner menu which is more daring.  I will be back.Today was the second time I was in Brauhaus Schmitz. I came in before noon (Saturday.) They open early on Saturdays because of some sort of soccer telecast (is that word still in use?) 
I came before noon, and had an Aventinus Scheider on tap as an eye opener. I was told by the very pleasant and helpful bartender that they open at 9AM on saturdays because of the soccer games (which I couldn't give two sh**s about)
For lunch I had a plate called Donner Kabob, which is the equivalent of a German Gyro. It is a tender, succulent lamb meat with maybe something else mixed in like beef, I don't remember. It has a creamy garlic sauce and some assorted vegetables like radishes, etc. It's stuffed in a pita kind of thing. Trust me, it works. I practically inhaled it. It was superb, and I raved about it. Unfortunately, they usually just serve it on weekends- particularly Saturdays. 
I had spaetzle with it as a side which was also very good. I was very pleased with my meal and definitely recommend Brauhaus Schmitz. The food there is the most authentic German I'm aware of in Philly. They are the heir to Ludwig's Garten. I will definitely be back.The roast pork sandwiches that Brauhas serves at Oktoberfest and Maifest cannot be beat. And those dinner plate sized gingerbread cookies they serve at Octoberfest are fabulous.This place is the wurst.
Sorry to anybody reading this. 
I had to.This place is great! Food is top notch! I've never even been a fan of German food until I've had their delicious schnitzel topped with Lemon and a fried egg. Oh and not to mention they have homemade pretzels and German potato salad is life! Mayo free goodness! And the spätzle is also a delight! Never had room to try the desserts but I'm sure they're great as well! Also their beer selection is unreal! Servers are very nice and professional which is a breath of fresh air for south street!Excellent apple soda and German cheeseburger. Friendly staff and lively atmosphere.Nice bar reminded me of the bar's you find in Germany so I guess they've done a good job. They a great menu of draft, European beers so don't worry about having a Coors Light with your schnitzel.A much needed fix after returning from Germany. I would give them 5 stars for carrying "Augustiner Brau" alone, but the food I ordered was very tasty and authentic. I can't wait to go back and try the schwinehaxen with my Augustiner Brau!An awesome, german beer hall on south street. You can get beer by the stein, as well as beer in the famous glass "Boot" (which requires a credit card, your license and a $250 deposit due to the level of theft and breakage). The place is huge, making it a great place to go in the winter and be assured of plenty of space. Selection is also a bit deeper and broader than frankford hall. They only serve traditional german food, so unless that's your thing, I probably wouldn't recommend that for dinner.Was here for lunch and wasn't overly impressed but at the same time it was nice. I have to warn that I am not into beer and a person that probably is, would be impressed with the huge selection. 
The place itself is huge! Very authentic german looking. Felt like I was in Germany. Our waitress was very nice and quick. 
Had the sauerkraut croquettes to start with and they were interesting and pretty yummy, with a yummy mustard dipping sauce. I had an open faced pumpernickel bread with ham and emmental sandwich with a fried egg on top. My egg was overly done and no longer runny, which was very disappointing. I am actually not sure if it was supposed to be runny to begin with, I just sort of assumed. I had a side of potato pancake. It was all fresh and delish. 
My husband had the schnitzel of veal and I was disappointed. It was nicely breaded and pretty devoid of flavor. In fact, couldn't tell what kind of meat was inside. Pretty dry. I also thought that it was pretty pricy for $23 at lunch!
My mother in law had a cold brussel sprout salad and she didn't seem too impressed. 
Overall it was a nice lunch, but nothing special at the same time.Wow. It's been too long since I ate real sausage. I've been subsiding  on Morningstars and I forgot what real meat tasted like.
We went here in October and during restaurant week-it was packed at 7 on a Wed. We were seated fairly quickly though.  I enjoyed the potato pancakes and the Bavarian pretzel but the sausages are what really made the visit.  The knackworst and the bratwurst were amazing.  
The only downside-I'm not a beer drinker and the drink menu is obviously very beer-centric but disappointing for us wine and cocktail girls.Have been there a few times. The food is a little pricey for what you order.  Nothing too special about it. Portions are a little small on some entrees, particularly the duck or quail dishes.  Like others have said, the schnitzel is one of the better portioned entrees. it is good, but it is a bit bland. The baked pretzels and gourmet mustard are awesome and a good complement to the imported  beers. 
Great beer variety.  You can drink out of a liter stein, das boot or do shots off of das shot ski.Has a great selection of German beers, and all the food we ordered was excellent. Probably the best German food I've ever had.I was visiting Philly over the Labor Day weekend and had read about this place on some food blog as a spot with a good beer selection and German grub.
I must say, I was not disappointed at all. When you first walk in, the facade definitely makes the restaurant look a lot smaller than it actually is, but there is a giant backroom and bar. In terms of decor, they definitely achieved the German beerhall look.
The beer selection was awesome. This place had an exclusive on 4 German beers, i.e. they are the only place in the U.S. that are currently selling it. I forget the names of the beer, but my friends (who are craft beer lovers) tried 2 of them and enjoyed them a lot. The standard beer pours here are pretty big at 0.5 liters per glass. They also offer "beer boots," which I had always thought was something made up for the movie Beerfest, but apparently it's a real thing. One of the guys in the table of 6 next to us finished a boot and everyone in the place just about went crazy.
The food is also pretty darn good as well. We got the sampler, which came with 1 of every wurst, a pork shank, a potato dumpling and sauerkraut. I felt like a Flintstone eating so much meat. My favorite meats on the platter was probably the weisswurst (sp?) and the pork shank, which was cooked to the texture of crispy pork belly (it had a crispy layer on the outside enveloping the tender, fall-off-the-bone meat on the inside). We also ordered the pretzel, which was very crisp on the outside (in a good way), and the spatzle. By the end of the meal, I felt like my stomach was going to explode from so much food.
Our bill came up to less than $100 (including tax and tip), which was awesome considering our party of 4 had 4 beers and enough food to fill us up like pigs ready for slaughter.
If not for the crappy greeting when we were waiting to be seated and the somewhat unfriendly service, this place would definitely rank 5 stars.After sampling the bratwurst at Christmas Village, I'd been itching to check out the restaurant's full menu. Impressive selection of beers, pleasant service and atmosphere, and most importantly, delicious food.  I ordered the lachs with bratkartoffeln and gurkensalat.  So good!  The cucumber salad is exactly like my mom makes it.  I shared the apfelstrudel with eis with a friend--it was plenty for two.  All in all, a great dining experience.  I look forward to returning and exploring more of the menu.  Prost!We have visited Brauhaus Schmitz twice so far. Already the first time, we weren't too impressed with the food but we decided to come back on account of the great service and the selection of beers.
We started our order with a curry sausage as a starter (although I have never seen a curry sausage as a starter on any German menu before). The sausage was way too crunchy and the sauce was lacking that gentle sweetness and note of curry. We just didn't like it. Besides the French fries were over-fried with some of them actually super dark... How can you put something like this on a plate?
As an entree we had chosen the burger with blue cheese and the hunter's schnitzel sandwich. I had asked for the burger being "medium" but it turned out to be "well done". My potato pancakes were actually overdone with the edges being that burned that I cut them off. The hunter's schnitzel sandwich was with some brown sauce... whatever it was, it was far away from being authentic and also didn't impress in terms of flavor. The bread was just okay, too. 
Do they have good food at all? I really don't know. I have been in many German themed restaurants worldwide (and am German, by the way) and in comparison, Brauhaus Schmitz just doesn't manage to convince me in flavor, authenticity and overall food quality. 
If I give this restaurant two stars it is due to the good to great service we have experienced. At the occasion of our 2nd visit the waitress forgot to bring us a bread basked though. We saw it going to other tables but it never made it to ours... 
The two stars are also because I am truly impressed by the great selection of beers but still... we won't come back again.Myself and a coworker came to Brauhaus for lunch around 1pm on a Tuesday. It was us and one other table when we were seated. We started off with the Sauerkraut Kroketten. I don't really like sauerkraut, but these little fried balls were so good! We also had the sausage platter which had all 6 sausages, and two helpings of two sides. The platter was big enough to feed four people for lunch, the two of us were overwhelmed with food. My favorite sausages were the Bauernwurst and the Speckwurst.  Our sides were the Kartoffelpuffer (potato pancake) and Spätzle (sautéed egg dumplings). All around a great meal! Can only imagine how fun this place is when it's packed!Everything German!  The beer list was a bit intimidating.  But i just told the waiter that i liked hefenweizen and he brought me back the konig ludwig weiss.  I approved, it was light and tasty.  The food menu on the other hand was not friendly for me since i'm not a carnivore.  But i'm okay with that.  I was able to get a taste of their spatzle and wow was it buttery.  I felt like i was eating straight up butter.  The potato pancake was mediocre nothing special.  I wish i got the pretzel instead.  It's probably more fun to come here during octoberfest season.This place feels a bit corporate and can get pretty crowded, but it's beer hall style is fun, and the German theme is somewhat unique for philly. Nothing too special, but a decent place to meet up with friends.It has been a long time since I have seen a beer list as extensive as Brauhaus.  The staff is very attentive and answered all of our questions.  We went with the sausage sample platter and potato pancakes and cucumber and dill salad. The food was excellent and we plan on returning soon.  The only ding that withholds a 5th star is the noise level.  We were there on a Saturday afternoon and seating was at 50%.  If the place is packed, I would expect holding a conversation will be very difficult.Honestly, this meal could be described as mediocre at best, which is really sad considering I've wanted to come here for yearssss due to all the great reviews. I've been to Germany and have experienced authentic German food here in the states as well (Waldhorn Restaurant in Charlotte waddup!) and this was just a very, very poor experience. I started out with a .5L Schneider Weisse Aventinus which was tasty, then I tried their foie gras liverwurst (stopfleberwurst). I wasn't blown away, but it was by no means bad. I really liked the toasted brown bread it came with; the blueberry compote was meh though. Onto the entrees, which took FOREVER to get to our table might I add, they were beyond disappointing. My friend ordered the wurst plate (weisswurst & bauernwurst) with a house salad & kartoffelknödel (potato dumpling). Sadly, her favorite item on the plate was her salad, which I think speaks for itself. The weisswurst, which has been noted on the menu that it's not made in house, tasted like straight up water, which I think speaks volumes considering water doesn't have a flavor    -___- It honestly tasted like it was boiled so long that any flavor the sausage potentially had was gone. The bauernwurst on the other hand was better. It didn't blow me away, and seemed a tad bit salty, but she said she liked it and ultimately took it home. Now for my dish, I ordered the holsteiner art veal schnitzel which is topped with anchovies, capers & a fried egg. Something told me to stick with the original, but the waitress said she loved it cuz of the runny egg and I'm a sucker for runny yolks! Let me tell you now.... don't get it. A) The cut seemed a bit thicker than typical and B) I ultimately took all of the toppings off (and ultimately just requested lemon still). The anchovies were CRAZY salty, which I can only assume rubbed off on the egg making it unpalatable too. Capers themselves are fairly tart & salty so it was just salt on salt on salt. I ordered the kartoffelpuffer (potato pancake) & kartoffelsalat (potato salad) upon the waitress' recommendation (I should add she literally *raved* about all the sides making the decision difficult). This is where things went entirely downhill. I love German potato salad and this was just... no. It tasted like potatoes boiled in straight up vinegar; there was nothing spectacular/seasoned about it at all. As for the potato pancake, which she said was their best (and most popular) side, it was honestly inedible. I don't know who the chef(s) was last night, but they were extremely heavy-handed with the salt. I didn't want to think I was crazy though so I let my friend taste some. She literally took a bite, started chewing, shook her head in agreement, proceeded to keep chewing, then stated she couldn't do it and spit it out into a napkin. The entire meal was a heart attack waiting to happen. I told the waitress about the potato pancake (because who wants to be *that* customer that complains about legit everything despite it being warranted) to which she stated someone had said the same thing earlier and offered a different side as a replacement, which was nice, but I honestly didn't really want anything. Although I was already turned off from the entire experience, I ordered the potato dumpling in its place; it wasn't bad or anything, but it wasn't stellar either. It just tasted like soggy dense bread that was sitting in butter, if that makes sense. Butter always tastes good, but that was where my being "impressed" ended. 
Outside of the food, as I mentioned, the beer was great. They have an awesome list. The service wasn't too bad, although towards the end of the meal, our waitress was a bit MIA. It seemed like once I'd mentioned the salty food, she kept her distance and didn't come over unless I called her over. That's unacceptable considering the restaurant was basically empty too, on a Wednesday night. By the time we received our appetizers, we were one of 3 tables. 
TL;DR: Great beer and beer list. Pass on the food though... seriously; it's a waste of money. (I enjoyed the food at Brü Craft & Wurst more and they didn't even impress me that much then. Just stick to Frankford Hall, I guess.) For such a high price point, the food is not worth it. Also, they play the radio or something, which was nice, but took away from the German atmosphere. I love John Legend as much as anyone else, but that's sad if it was my favorite part of the experience.the ambiance here is great, warmly lit with high ceilings. We started with a soft pretzel, presumably because it a house specialty and it was very good, but it's just a big pretzel. I ordered a jagerschnitzel with a side of gurkensalat and Kartoffelknodel. My girlfriend ordered the Rouladen with sides of Gemuse der Saison and salat. The food was outstanding and I'm definitely looking forward to going back and sampling more from the menu.Very aythentic german beer hall. I have been here about 20 times food is excellent, beer list is awesome. Knowledgeable bartenders and friendly servers. Hoghly recommendedI've been to Brauhaus twice in the last two weeks with friends from out of the area. Both were excellent experiences, as they always are. There's a reason why we keep coming back - actually, many reasons - the beer selection, the friendly staff, and the amazing food.  The only thing I wish is that Jaeger Schnitzel would still be on the menu since that was my go-to, however the sausages and other Schnitzel that I've gotten lately have been amazing too.  Brauhaus will probably stay in our regular  rotation indefinitely.I went to this place on a sunday to just have a drink and the beer was really nice. I wasnt familiar with the brands but we got some recommendations and they were spot on. It was pretty crowded for a FIFA match but there was enough space to move. There's a seating room in the back with more tables and another bar.I love how cheesy this place is. The huge beers, the waitstaff in the Oktoberfest costumes....it's fantastic! They have a fantastic selection of German beers on tap, and an extensive menu of beers from all over the world. The tap selection rotates but you can pretty much count on there being a few lagers, wheat beers and some seasonal treats.
I am a big fan of the goulash over spatzle...I'm eastern european so that is my ultimate comfort food. The boyfriend got the Schnitzel Holsteiner Art, which I found to be a bit dry, but he was using the mustard from the pretzel as a dipping sauce, which seemed to keep him happy. I always have the intention of trying the dessert there, but am too stuffed after my entree.
This is also a great place to watch soccer games, it gets pretty rowdy.Went during Restaurant Week. Glad I went then because I don't think I'll be back.  Server, Bill, was not great and it wasn't crowded.  I'm not super familiar with German food but nothing was hot; not sure if that is how it's supposed to be prepared or not but I like hot food so it was a turn off. 
Had bierkasesuppe- beer/cheese soup.  Again- less than room temperature and had a strong rye taste to it. 
Tried the laugenstangen(soft pretzel sticks)- good but is Philly, soft pretzels better be good!  Also tried kartoffelpuffer-potato panties with sour cream and apple sauce. Pretty good but again only warm. 
3rd course- zwiebelbraten/braised brisket with spätzle. This would have been great if it was hot. Wasn't though- room temp at best.  But had a good flavor, brisket was flavorful and tender and spätzle was delish.  
Dessert- apfelstrudel-Apple strudel.  Gross.  Vanilla ice cream was good but the flaky pastry was impossible to eat and the apples were so cold that they congealed. No meal should ever congeal. 
Was so unimpressed with all of it that I didn't taste any of my friends choices but they all had the same issue with cold food. Again, if German food should be served cold, this could be the place for you.  
Oh and our waiter was so uninterested in our table that we had to ask 3 times for drinks- in a German beer garden- and he spoke to our table so quickly and left it so quickly that it was impossible to ask about food temp, get proper utensils etc.  
wouldn't go back or recommendWe love German food and had high hopes for this place based on other review but the food wasn't the level of traditional German goodness we had hoped for. However the overall experience was good. Parking on south street is frustrating but we managed to find a spot. We made a reservation through open table for 5:30 on Friday and were promptly seated. Service was attentive, the waitress was friendly and helpful, the atmosphere was pleasant, and the beer list was extensive. We started with a cheese spread which was frankly terrible, and an assorted smoked/pickled fish plate- which was good. My husband got goulash and was disappointed. I got the maltachen which were pretty good. My husband got veal schnitzel which was not good. I guess since we live in good pa 'deutch' country that we wouldn't find comparable food in the city.I know it's a cliche, but I'm going to start my review by saying I have no idea why it took me this long to get to Brauhaus Schmitz for the first time. A friend of mine was running a quizo for charity there, so it was the perfect opportunity. It's impressive how much space they have inside, the small storefront belies a large bar, balcony seating, and a cavernous back room with its own bar. The decor is a good modern twist on beer garden kitsch, and the giant backlit placard with the Reinheitsgebot is a beautiful touch.
The beer menu is impressive, but there was a clear choice on this night, the Andechser Doppelbock was on tap, and was as good as advertised. I soaked it up with a perfect pretzel, and some surprisingly good pickled sausage. To finish with another cliche, now that I've finally been there, I can't wait to go back.Little bit pricey, but has an excellent beer choice.  Bartender is really great in recommending beer for your taste.  Might be dissapointed for side dishes, but beer makes up for it.Seeking pork and sauerkraut to bring in the new year, we headed Brauhaus Schmitz and made our way past groups of Mummer revelers to the back room. I got the Bratwurst (very tasty, but fatty). the Kartoffelpuffe with apple sauce subbed in for sour cream (the potato pancake was good, but the apple sauce is WAY too sweet), Kartoffelsalat (really delicious potato salad), and of course Sauerkraut. A great way to bring in the new year with a traditional meal!First, let me say the food was good.  We've had better in Plano, TX at the Bavarian Grill, but this was the best German food we've had in Philly.  My husband and I shared the Wurst Brett, where we got 6 sausages and our choice of 2 large sides.  We opted for the sauerkraut and the asparagus.  Both sides were excellent choices.  Neither of us liked the weisswurst (the only white sausage on the board and the only one that was not made in-house), but we enjoyed the other sausages. Six sausages are a lot for 2 people, and we could not finish; we also left some sauerkraut on the board, so we asked for a to-go box.  We waited about 10 minutes for the box, then we asked another waiter to get us the box.  A few minutes later our waiter came back with our box and said, "I don't know if you saw me drop your food.  I brought you new sausages." In fact he brought our food (we knew because of how they were cut).  He had tossed the sauerkraut.  A waitress came by, and we asked for the check and inquired about the sauerkraut.  She said she would ask the kitchen about the kraut.  A few minutes later our waiter came back with the check and a carton of kraut.  
We shared the cheese plate as an appetizer.  OMG.  It was awesome!  You get 4 cheeses (small pieces) plus 3 spreads, a pile of cornishon pickles, and some pickled white radishes.  There are 2 kinds of bread that accompany the plate.  We highly recommend this appetizer.
We also had an issue with the beer.  The waiter asked what kind we liked.  I said a porter, and he recommended a nice dark beer.  My husband asked about wheat beer.  The waiter said they had Paulaner, and my husband said he knew that beer and was trying to branch out.  He asked about a wheat beer in the featured beer section, and the waiter's reply was, "A lot of people drink it."  Come on.  For a beer and brat place all of the waiters need to know a lot about the beers on tap.  He knew next to nothing. If he could not answer our questions he should have asked the bartender for help.
Our overall rating: food is good, service is poor.This is the best German food I have had since I left Germany! The kasewurst was so good and the jagerschnitzel was awesome! The spaetzle and pommes were good too! I can't wait to come back....Brauhaus Schmitz is a charming, warm, slightly upscale pub in the heart of an otherwise touristy/trashy South St. district. Its a great place to day drink, hang out, have lunch, and chat with locals. 
My friend and I happened to walk in for lunch at the same time as a VERY large party with a reservation so we were given the choice of sitting at the bar, or upstairs, but if we sat upstairs "we'd probably have to wait a while for service cause it would take our server a long time to get up there"....um.....OK.
Naturally we sat at the bar benches which were pretty uncomfortable. Our waiter was very charming, even if he did for get our order. We mused over the numerous sausage offerings and sides and the crazy list of beer!
We both ordered winter themed brews with some sausages and sides. The saurkraut was maybe the best I've ever had. The latke, not so much, but I am picky about latkes, and this one was SMOTHERED in sour cream which was a little much. 
My friend got the potato salad which was KILLER. We were both pleased with our selection of sausages with homemade mustard (we both got the knockwurst and bratwurst). 
I would definitely come back, just would probably opt for a bar stool rather than the bar bench. Plus I really want to try the pretzels, they looked great!VERY crowded. and loud. and hot (not in a good way).
the hostess put our name on the list... and successfully forgot that we exist. (that's why we didn't eat there... so no 2 cents about their food)
fair selection of beers, but NOTHING special.
the bartender tried to charge us for beers that we didn't order. 
not sure if I will go back there. not my cup of tea. 
PS: and, please, save those costumes for Halloween... seriously!This is a review for a Friday night. Maybe the weekdays are better...but I doubt it.  Let me preface this by saying that I have been working in the restaurant biz for 15years in Philly.  High volume, corner bars and fine dining you name it, I have worked there.  
  I met up with six friends on a Friday for my friends 31st birthday.  Brauhaus was busy, I expected as much.  We wanted to sit down and have dinner before we continued on with our bar crawl, but could not be accommodated, which was fine.  So we crowded around a tiny high top.  I ordered the parsnip soup, which was bland and tasted like hot heavy cream.  Also it took 30min to get to me, after I had to remind them of the order by tracking down a group of servers standing around the computer stations.  I would love to have told someone how much I didn't enjoy the soup, but not once was I asked. So fuck it. We also ordered a  charcuterie and cheese board.  Only the meat was explained.  Luckily I was able to explain most of the cheese to the table. The charcuterie was delicious as was the cheese. 
    We had been at the restaurant for two hours while at least two tables sat empty.  That was when someone from our party went up to the hostess to inquire if we could have one of the empty tables.  She explained to him that there were reservations coming in soon and an average party of seven takes 2 1/2 hours to eat dinner.   If that's your turnover rate for a Friday night, you must be bleeding money, and your servers aren't doing their job! 
  Luckily the high top next to us finished and paid. But when I asked a server if I could pull the high top over to accommodate our party, she quickly told me that the three top two tables over was still using it and rushed off.  They weren't.  I feel bad for the establishment.  They definitely missed out on at least a $300 tab that would have been in and out in under an hour.  I left to go to work hungry and the rest of the party moved on to tatood moms where I'm sure they had a blast.It's awesome!! Very German! The best croquette ever. Best beer, environment cool. So, it's really good!!I've eaten here twice now, once at the bar, once at a table in the bar area. Both times I had the schweinshaxe which is a dish i had been looking for ever since having it in Munich 15+ years ago. It is excellent. The service I had sitting at the bar was great. The bartender was engaging and she was quite pleasant. The schweinshaxe was beautifully crispy, yet tender inside - just as I remembered it. The second time i went in i sat at a table, unfortunately close to a woman who just kept complaining about everything. Not the place's fault, but it was over the top. Any time she had a chance she leaned over and bitched about something to me. Whatever lady, I'm trying to enjoy my freakin' schweinshaxe here, OK? Then I heard her bitch to the TERRIBLY overworked waitress and the waitress gave her some sh*t right back, which she fully deserved. They could have used another waitress in the place, that is for sure. But it doesn't help to bitch at a person who is so obviously overworked and hustling as best she can. Anyhow, not sure why I feel compelled to write that up here, but if some lady posts a review about not having salt and pepper, and not having enough gravy, and then complains about having to pay for more gravy - well, take it with a grain of salt. ;-)Welcome to one of the finest entries in the South Street restaurant district, the unique, intense German schnitzel house, Brahaus Schmitz. 
When you think of an authentic German eatery, I can't imagine that anywhere on this side of the Atlantic comes closer to that image than Brauhaus. The ambiance alone- large, dark wooden hickory pillars and open floor plan with a promenade- create a European, family-style restaurant. It simply oozes antiquity. 
Of course, there is so much more to Brauhaus than its fine facade. Noted by everyone is the extensive, outrageous beer selection. Poured a liter at a time, the house brew is tasty, lite and tart. If that doesn't do it for you, there is literally two pages devoted to other obscure options. 
The food is outstanding. The only appetizer we ordered was the Laugenbrezel, which is fancy talk for "pretzel." Being a Philadelphian, I know a good pretzel when I taste it. THIS was a damn good pretzel. Crispy and brown on the outside, it was soft and chewy inside. The crust crackled with the salt when bitten, and only got better from there. 
As for entrees, I had the JagerSchnitzel with potato and cucumber salads. Pounded thin and fried to a light golden delight, it was topped with a saucy combination of wine, mushrooms and bacon. Simply DELICIOUS! I had never had such a dish. 
My dining partners had equally impressive dishes. The house  Wurstplatte looked like no other meal I had ever seen. Two gigantic pieces of Bratwurst serves upon a thick cutting board. WOW. Juicy, salty, even a hair sweet, this was how Brat is supposed to be done. Impressed I am. 
The Brahaus Schmitz is a perfect place to go with a few friends, have a huge meal, and just drink the nite away.BE ADVISED. The menu Yelp is listing is a year old. I came in for perogies. They don't have them. The bartender was very nice. But, he did say they hate Yelp. Now I know why.wow. had an epic night here. got a group of 14 together for a 30th bday and couldn't have asked 4 a better time!!! the food was fantastic!! (try the potato pancakes, the schnitzel, the sausages, the cheese plates, the pretzels!!!!) the beer kept flowing all night, and what a selection!!! yum. we played a game with the boot where we passed it around and the whoever finished it, the person who passed it to them had to buy the next boot!!! we were all yelling and cheering as the boot got passed, and we never felt out of line at a restaurant. it just felt German. Everything about this place felt so authentic. the servers were amazing. very attentive and knowledgeable. cant wait to go back!!!I am a huge fan of German Food. I stumbled upon this place 4 years ago after the Philadelphia Marathon, and it has become my designated spot after my races since then. Today I ordered the brussels spouts salad with pine nuts --the greens were extremely fresh and the roasted brussels spouts with pine nuts gave the dish smoky favors that I fell in love immediately. I also ordered the pork schnitzel sandwich with a pickle and spatzel on the side, it did not disappoint. The schnitzel was crispy on the outside and tender on the inside, it was great! Though, the spatzel should be a little bit more creamy but it was okay.
Did I forget to tell you about the beer menu? It was huge! I started with a doppelbock and then a hefeweizen and then a pilsner, the doppelbock is a must try! You come in for beer and you won't be disappointed.
I also noticed that they have a new back room with a second bar as well as extra restrooms. Service is always great here :) Philly has a lot of great foods but I will come here every time I visit (whether I run or not!)Food: 9.  I've been to Germany. The Weiwurst was wunderbar.  The bratwurst was too good for words-- we ordered multiple rounds as the night went on. My husband got the weiner schnitzel and enjoyed it with extra lemon.   
Beer: 10.  20 beers on tap?  Yes please. I drank my share of the fraskeiner (sp?) hefeweizen. I like the liter mugs, but not the beer served in them. Tried the dunkel, good... Not thick.I lifted the rotkraut and spatzel to my lips and instantly I was transported to Germany!  The food was wonderfully authentic!  The beer was darn good.  
The servers wore dirndls but didn't speak any German-- schade.  
SInce Ludwig's went away I've been looking for a replacement.  I'd say the food is better here than Ludwig's and it's much cleaner looking-- but I miss the crumbling ambiance of Ludwig's.  This isn't a place where I will go often but I will go when I need my German food fix.Really did not like this place. 
It was entirely too crowded and the air conditioning was not working properly (it was actually nicer outside in the August heat!!).
They do have a good selection of German beer, but I don't think I saw much of anything else...This is a great authentic German restaurant on South. Large open dining room and bar which is great for watching international soccer matches. The beer list is large and features a lot of hard to find German beers. Sausages are great-try the ungarischwurst it is awesome. The spaetzle is good and the burger is solid. I also love their German potato salad. I have been to Germany several times and this place is the real deal.Not enough good to say about this joint. Been here 3 times now, and each time it's been better. Granted, I don't remember much of the first time, but I do remember being surprised by how much I liked it. I've eaten the knockwurst, weisswurst, schnitzel, chicken schnitzel, the meat appetizer, liverwurst and a few other things that were all just damn good. The desserts are limited. They have great apple struedel, a Schwarzenneger cake and a Hasselhoff cake. That's not really what they're called, but I've re-Christened them as such. 
I have to mention our waitress, Megan. She is a true gem in today's hospitality industry, which employs too many who are not-so-hospitable. She knew her menu, her beers and represented her establishment like a pro.
I would go on about the beer, but come on, they have 937 beers, or something like that. You'll find a few you like, for sure. 
Go here. You'll thank me.Went here on Friday at 1 pm. No seating was available except for the high tops, despite empty tables throughout the first floor. At prime lunch hour. Received cold coffee. My drink order included a tonic which was initially forgotten about.  My order was a simple one, but it came out cold with a side of attitude.  
I shan't be returning anytime soon...Full disclosure: I'm a wine person. But I had several beers. We ordered a sausage plate and a sandwich. Food was very good. Waiter was friendly and helpful. Dessert: pretzel with caramel sauce and whipped cream--divine. I'd go back in a heartbeat.Stereotypically, we think of German food as bad. But, Brahaus Schmitz severed me a very good meal.  Along with the great beer, worth a trip.
My favorites were the appetizer trays we ordered. The smoked fish proved to be a real treat. For my main I had some braised beef with was softy and tasty.
Would go back, especially if I was in the mood for some good beers along with dinner.My wife and I attended the James Beard House dinner last night that was prepared by Jeremy Nolen and his wife Jess and their staff.  We have been members for 15 years and I must say that this dinner was up there with the best we've had at Beard House. 
Can't wait to head to Philly to have dinner at Brauhaus Schmitz.Kommen für das Bier. Bleiben für mehr Bier.
Brauhas Schmitz is hands down my favorite German bar/restaurant in America. They have everything from an amazing beer on draft and delicious German cuisine. Every time I have been to Philly this place has been a must on my list. No matter what I do I have to make it to the start happy hour. Schmitz has my favorite happy hour special. Each time I'm there I have to try as many new beers as I can. In addition to the great beer, the food is also just as amazing. German food is some of my favorite food and they have the best around. If this place had currywurst then I would by a plane ticket right now. 
This is the perfect place in you're a beer lover or lover of large plates of meat (of which I am both).We've come here for the World Cup and Women's World Cup. This place has been wonderful. Highly recommend!! Really good food and fantastic atmosphere!I give Brauhaus Schmitz 5 stars because it really is about as good as it gets. Excellent beer selection - really the best for German beers, nowhere else compares. Very good food. Great decor. In fact, the only problem is that it's so popular you can sometimes have a bit of trouble finding a spot.I wanted to surprise my boyfriend with some German food to remind him of the summer when he studied abroad in Germany. I went on Yelp to find a place with authentic German food and beer. This was it! Usually the place is packed from what I read. However, we went on a Monday night, so it was very empty. Frankly, it kind of creeped me out in the beginning, but I got over it. I enjoyed the quiet since we were able to have an intimate dinner.
There is a wide selection of beer to choose from! It's pretty amazing. I heard they had das boot here, but I didn't order it because I knew we would be too full to finish. We split the Wurst Brett, which is a $30-something plate of 6 sausages and two large sides. For sides, we got the spaetzle and rotkohl. The rotkohl is like a red cabbage version of sauerkraut. The spaetzle is like little pieces of fried dough with a cheesy coating---basically mac n cheese. There was plenty of food! Do not underestimate it! We couldn't finish the plate so we wrapped it to go. For breakfast the next day, we still couldn't finish. We finally finished when we had it as a snack later on in the day. We just wanted to get rid of it....in our stomachs. It was all very good and different sausages---a few very peppery and one spicy. I really liked my experience here. My boyfriend approved also and he had real German food before!Delicious beers -- crazy big selection --- nice atmosphere --- good service --- did not eat but menu seemed a little overpriced --- happy hour draft prices were greatGermans everywhere drinking lots of different kinds of legit German beers.
What else is there to say, brah?Great music great Long Island Ice-T's Great crown royal on the rocks me and my girlfriend enjoyed it very much it's the vibe of South St., PhillyPretzel & the potato pancake!!! Mmmmm!!!! SOOOOO GOOD. I would come here just for that. My meal wasn't that great. Kinda sad cause the appetizers were amazing. I ordered this ham and egg on top of this bread. It just tasted like a regular breakfast sandwich I can get anywhere. The side I got with it was fried potatoes and onions. Again, it was like breakfast potatoes. Hahaha, I should have known better than to order something that sounded just like breakfast.
I did try some hot sausage from a friend. That was quite delicious. Nice kick to it to! Husband ordered the wurst plate w/ 2 sides. Bratwurst and some other one (I think bauernwurst) and it was very flavorful, but the spicy one still outshines them both. The sauteed egg dumplings were ok. I wasn't too fond of the sides that all of us had.
What I was really looking forward to was their dinner menu, but they don't serve that until a later time. Oh Boo! They should serve it if someone wants it. More money for them!
I'll prob be back, but later to get me some pork shank. MmmmThis is my go to spot in Philly. I basically hit it up for drinks at least once a week. Their happy hour is one of the best in the city. All of their fantastic drafts are 4 bucks and they do any of their sausages as sandwiches for 4 bucks. These sausages are huge and one or two sandwiches will satisfy anyone! The bartenders are usually more than happy to recommend a beer or give you a taste. The happy hour itself is 5-7 and at the bar area only. This includes the bench top seating adjacent to the bar as well as the bar in the back room when it's open. The sausages come with sauerkraut if you'd like( um, yes please!) and with two different kinds of mustard. We have been there for dinner many times. Everything is delicious albeit a bit pricey for the level of complexity delivered. My one gripe with this place is the inconsistent service. They definitely get super busy but sometimes it borders on unreasonable. That being said there are a handful of servers that are always on point and they seem to always be hiring new people. Check it out! My favorite german bar in philly!The beer menu is extensive and diverse, but I find it frustrating.  Let me explain.  The font is tricky to read and the words are (understandably) in German.  I don't read German very often so Germany's habit of omitting spaces and using special characters catches me off guard.  I understand that a menu in German adds to the authenticity, but in my opinion it's too frustrating.  Further quirks of authenticity that annoy me are the uniforms.  I personally feel like the uniforms cheapen the atmosphere.  When I'm about three quarters through my second strong beer I start wondering what sort of pinch and grope liability a server assumes when donning the beer wench garb. It's all in good fun, but I'm sure it gets pretty crazy some nights!
The food is great and although I've had problems with mouthy servers in the past, but I'd definitely go back for some soft pretzels or wursts.
While Brauhaus Schmitz isn't my first choice on South St I certainly wouldn't turn down  an invitation if friends were already seated.I love the Brauhaus.  They have always done all right by me.  Delicious, consistent food, tasty beers, and good service.  Not quite as authentic as Munich, but it saves you a flight.Even though it's a pricy night, some of my favorite outings with friends have been here. It's a fantastic atmosphere with an insane beer menu. Take a while to go through all the beers, and ask your server for recommendations based on what you like. They are incredibly knowledgable about each of the over hundreds of beers and are sweet enough to bring you samples of anything before you spring for that liter.A letter to management: Give Marissa a raise and a promotion to owner, she is fantastic, as was an enterprising stable boy (hybrid of server/busser as I wasn't sure which) who brought me and my friend chairs as all the tables were taken by people reserving tables. Which is not to say they were occupied by people. They weren't. Multiple tables had one or two persons holding court waiting for mystery friends to arrive, much to the chagrin of... everyone else there, wait staff included. This policy must be rethought and then revoked, as it leads to nothing but frustration for people who go to Brauhaus to sit down and watch a game. "Excuse me Ma'am, I see you've been sitting at this 6 person table alone for the past 40 minu-" "I HAVE FRIENDS COMING! I NEED EVERY CHAIR AND ALL THE TABLES!" This is an uncomfortable conversation to have four times.
Also, the Sukkah-like structure in the middle of that back room goes from not-really-necessary "decorative" touch to frivolous obstruction of viewing angles when it comes to game watching.
Brauhaus is a good place that at times makes good decisions (hiring Marissa), and at other times bad decisions (everything described above). As my experiences there improve, so shall my rating.I love Brauhaus Schmitz.  Awesome selection of german sausages and cold imported beers.  The room is multilevel and has a pretty nice vibe.  The upstairs is perfect for a large group too.  Great spot to catch soccer matches too.
It is located on South Street and can attract somewhat of a douchy crowd on the weekends, so just beware of that.  Parking is also a little tricky in the area too.
Overall, if you're a fan of German food and beer, this is the spot for you.I'm really glad the male waiters and bartenders are not in lederhosen, because this place would have lost a star for that.
This is a pretty solid spot to get some good beers.  Definitely helps that I visited during "Kick the Keg", an event they hold the night before their Oktoberfest celebration, where if you order the last beer in a keg, you get it for free, as well as a goodybag of beer related items.
The bar itself looks like how I imagine a beer garden in Munich to look like.  High ceilings with exposed wooden beams, long wooden tables with wooden benches (I believe one of them was actually transported here from a church in Germany) and the ubiquitous soccer (excuse me, football) game playing in the background.  
Of the food options, I only tried the pretzel.  Which comes with these amazing homemade mustards.  I'm not usually a huge pretzel fan (besides those hot buttery ones with the cinnamon and sugar at the mall... drool).  The cold, wet Philadelphia pretzels make me want to hurl.  But Brauhaus' pretzels are incredible.  And they help soak up the beer. 
 The rest of the menu is pretty large, with the majority of it being platters of assorted sausages and carb-laded sides.  Now, I've never actually eaten German food, BUT it doesn't really seem that appealing to me.  I think this chick is going to keep it as a drinking-only type of a place. 
Speaking of beer....The beer selection, in my opinion, is awesome.  But if you are an only-drinks-Miller-Lite kind of a person, you probably should go elsewhere.  I really love wheat beers.  So one of the few words I know in German is "Weissen" which loosely translates to something like wheat beer.  When I visited, they had two wheat beers- a Dunkleweissen and a Hefeweissen.  What was the difference?  Hell if I know.  But I had the Dunkle and it was banging.  Just to note- you can get each beer in the 0.5, 1 or 2 liter size.  The 2 liter comes in das boot. Awesome.
Overall, I really like this bar.  Loses a star because I am a little afraid to try the food.Like huge, hard to find imported beers? Go to Brauhaus. Looking for the best brat you've had with awesome mustard and delicious sides for $16? Go to Brauhaus. Great place. Really fun. Exceptionally fun during soccer games. Great value, no pretense, just a good solid time. Wine drinkers may not be as impressed.My fiance and I have been wanting to try this place since they opened, and we finally had an opportunity to do that this weekend. The place was hopping, which made it a fun lively atmosphere. I've never had authentic German food before, so I can't really compare it to much. However, I have to admit I didn't expect to like the food as much as I did. We started with the meat sample platter on the appetizer menu. Wow! It was delicious! Would have loved to see more than one cheese featured, but the meats were delicious! The beer selection was great. We'll definitely be back!I've been to Germany twice and visited a number of great restaurants, and I have to say, this place is a pretty good contender. We called ahead for reservations on a weekend around 7, and had no trouble getting a spot. Inside it was busy with enough to breathe, and I felt the decor was a nice modern update on the traditional beer hall with its natural-looking wood tables. I can't speak to the beer selection myself unfortunately, as I'm not a beer drinker, but the others in our group had two beers each and had only good things to say. As for myself, I had a nice Riesling that was sweet enough for my taste, but not too sweet. 
The provided bread was very good and tasted home-baked, and it came with butter that tasted like it had garlic and herbs in it - a nice touch. Food came out in a reasonable amount of time, considering it was likely being made fresh. I got Wienerschnitzel, which some American restaurants are likely to over-bread, but the balance of breading was perfect on this - fully coated and slightly crunch, but not too thick or overpowering the taste of the meat. I had plenty to eat with a side of spätzle and potato salad. The only complaint I had is the potato salad had a little too much vinegar in it for my taste, and more than I commonly taste in potato salad, but it was good nonetheless and served warm, the way I like it. Couldn't eat all my food - too bad we were only in Philly for one night and couldn't really take it home for the next day! I'll be back on my next trip!Awesome number of German beers on tap. Thw food was outstanding can't wait to go back.Great authentic food, the schnitzel is awesome.  Their beer selection and knowledgeable service is second to none.I'm new to Philly, and this was my first date with a Tinder match and first trip to South Street - so many firsts! 
I was super impressed with this area of town. It's very trendy with a variety of boutique, vintage, and locally owned shops. I had no issues finding street parking in the area. Perhaps my favorite thing about South Street? It's so well lit! 
Now to Brauhaus Schmitz - This place has an amazing, quality selection of beer and food. I had a hard time deciding what to order - it all looks and smells so good! This restaurant looks unassuming from the street, but inside, it's huge! Don't be turned off by the size - it's very cozy and laid back. I'm not well versed in German beer or food, so I sough the advice of our friendly waitress. I ordered a bratwurst sampler and drank a lite lager - both of which were delicious. This is a great date night spot. It's as dressy or as casual as you want it to be. You can kick back with a few beers and enjoy the ambiance of the dim lights and music. I'm obsessed with the location and the surrounding bars and shops in this part of Philly. Can't wait to come back!Beer selection is great but pretty pricey. Food is awful and service is even worse. Spatzle is not authentic. It's more like shredded penne pasta. The kraut is smokey flavored and tastes old. The waiter checked my ID for a solid minute just flicking it and staring at it awkwardly. He then stared at my friends waiting for drink orders for 30 seconds without saying what he was doing. He was then very rude in taking orders and fixing them when he made mistakes. It was all strange and uncomfortable. The attitude of the server was equally badDelicious. Authentic. Genuine.
I was here just yesterday enjoying the Germany vs Uruguay World Cup match.  Naturally it was action packed with a lot of loyal German patriots.  The brew is fantastic.  I had the fortune of drinking Salvatore and a few other really great beers.  
The service is great!Be either white skinned or have a reservation ahead. Well I don't think the reservation would make a difference if you want to be treated with respect. We were a group of 4. Didn't make a reservation. The girl at the front desk was the rudest person I met in a long time. I tried to talk with a smile all through our conversation on requesting a table and she had an attitude that makes you feel you just don't get to be in a restaurant like this. I felt like I had to apologize for my skin. May be it's just me. She is not a racist but just a rude person over all. But the ratings doesn't make me feel that way. Anyways we got seated at a table next to the door even though I spotted atleast 10 empty table and I specifically asked her to give me any table other than that. We get one menu to share between the 4. If you keep the menu aside she takes it without even Checking if it's fine. Did I mention about the attitude. I tried hard to have a good time but I just couldn't. Sorry about my skin and sorry I didn't know about the reservation before stoping by. I will try to never enter in again! Thank you.Great beers that come in huge steins! I'm in! The wings and burgers are also great. If you like a burger with a serious slab of bacon on it, this is your spot. :) A German atmosphere and extensive German beer list make Brauhaus Schmitz very authentic!Of the four German beer halls in Philly this one is by far my favorite.
Great authemtic German feeling decor and atmosphere.
Food and beer list are outstanding and reasonably priced.
Very good service.Summary: Great beer, mediocre food
I tried this place last night because I have been looking for a good German place. The beer selection did not disappoint. We tried the Hefe, Winterboch, and another one of the Hefes on tap. All were excellent.
The chicken schnitzel fell flat and was very flavorless. The spatzle was the same way. 
EDIT: Added one star. Went back on 05/05/16 and had the pork flat iron steak with mushroom gravy over roasted potatoes. It was amazing. My husband got the Wurst palte and both sausages were really really good. I was a big fan of the fries too. I had a 0.5L of the Konig Heife and it was great.Good German food (that is not that americanized considering the area). Great beer selection. Lots of tv screens to watch the games. They also have a great festival twice a year. Portions are huge for both food and beer. I like the 2nd floor seating because it is a little more intimate but still within the buzz of the main floor because it is open to the main bar- TIP:  Their fries with curry ketchup.  Money.
- CON: The pretzel is fine.  But not the best german pretzel in the city.
- BOTTOM LINE: If you like German beers -- then it's almost impossible not to love Brauhaus.  Absolutely stellar selection with authentic, great food.Food was authentic, tasty and portions were huge.  Huge beer selection, don't bother with the wine.  Skip dessert (not of the same quality as entrees), except maybe the pretzel bread pudding. While our server was friendly, frankly the service was slow and was a detractor on an otherwise nice experience.This is our second trip to Philadelphia and our second time at a German restaurant and this is hands down the best.  They actually had German beer I was familiar with so that's what I started with.  We ordered a platter with six different types of sausages, fried potatoes, and cucumber onion salad.  My wife who is originally from Germany (AND  her father was a chef) was really impressed with the food and beer.  This will be one of those places where I'd like to go again but can't find on my next visit to Philadelphia!Great beer selection, hard to screw up something that's already made though. The waiter had a poor attitude and didn't communicate effectively at all. The food was mediocre and not authentic. Thoroughly disappointing.Me and a buddy of mine stopped in this past Friday night. Ate in the back bar room with the huge pergola thing. (See pic) Service was good by a friendly and knowledgeable frauline. We ordered the Butcher's Feast for four. This came with every sausage on the menu, a nice sized pork shank, smoked pork chop, two slabs of bacon, kraut (with decadent hunks of braised pork) and potato dumplings. (You can skip these... I think they are like putting a spring of parsley on a plate.) everything was delicious and it truly feeds four big eaters. (We had to pack up half of it and bring it home.) this is a great value on the menu at $75. Had a couple drafts from the beer menu. Overall great. The front bar area is a little more hip and there was a live band with younger 20-30 y/o hipster types. The back bar area was a few families and a number of couples on dates in a more quiet setting. Very casual, love the food here and the service is quite good. Can't wait to come back and have a few more things on the menu. The only downside was we were talking into trying dessert and it was pretty meh. I'd skip it and stick to the charcuterie and meats which must be their specialty.For a surprise bday party, we selected Brauhaus and it did not disappoint.
I was very impressed with the list of international beers and their own homebrewed beers. They even have a beer with 14% ABV-crazy. I went with the Brauhaus lager, which was pretty good.
I really liked their food selection and went with the 2 bratwurst dish. The one with the cheese was delicious. The appetizer were also pretty good. Now if I could only speak German, as I kept butchering the pronunciations of the food.
The service was pretty good for our table, especially as we had a part of 6.  They made certain that we had enough beer and got our food to us in a prompt amount of time.
Price wise its ok....be ready to spend about 20-30/person....but I felt that the price justified the food and beer.I like this place a lot. German food and beer are always a favorite of mine even tho the number of good German joints I've been to are few and far between. Started with the pretzels which for native Philadelphians probably wouldn't have stood out but for us Bostonians they were a great way to start. Tried the sampler flight of beer. 2 good, 2 meh but thats the chance you take. I main evented with the Wurst plate with spaetzle and it rocked. One of my friends got cake for dessert but I opted for another pretzel. Honestly, by the time we left I had tried so many German beer that a lot of this review is from hearsay but it is supposed to be a beer hall, right?Came here to celebrate a friend's birthday and for their restaurant week menu. I wasn't not super impressed by the food. However, they do have an extensive beer selection.
We had a large group (15 people), and they were very accommodating with large beer hall tables to seat us all. Service was good, and the waiters were friendly (especially since large groups can be obnoxious).
Now, onto the food. For the first course, you get a choice of the beer and cheese soup or the goulash. The goulash was too salty for me (and had only a few bits of meat), and the beer and cheese soup (which was a creamy soup) was even saltier. My friend aptly described it as a tasting more like a dip than a soup. 
For the second course, I went with the traditional pretzel. Tasty, but in the end, it's just a pretzel. Comes with a side of regular mustard and honey mustard. The potato pancakes it what I would recommend. They are tasty! The Kale salad is also not too bad. The dressing is light and sweet, with maybe a bit of horseradish in there, and the candied hazelnuts are wonderful.
For the third course, between my friend and I, we tried 4 different sausages. I'm can't quite recall all the names, but I got the bratwurst and the braunwurst (?), one of which was flavorful, but the other not so much. Of my friend's, one was long, skinny and dry. The other was spicy. The spicy one was popular among the crowd. What really stood out though was my friend's pork knuckle. It was DELICIOUS with a crispy skin, fatty mid layer, and succulent meat. Yum. That's what I would definitely go for next time.
The food was too filling, and I had not room for dessert. We also had our friend's birthday cake (which they graciously kept for us, and also let us bring without any cake cutting fees). Everyone was so full that I got to take a friend's black forest and my apple streudel home for breakfast. 
The pork knuckle alone is 5 stars, but the other appetizers and courses drops down the overall rating.Fantastic experience with great beers. Recommend the Ayinger Maibock. The sausage platter was dynamite.Very cool place.  Great ambiance and decor.  Awesome beer list.  We went for restaurant week, and the four course meal was delicious and well worth the price.  I'd recommend for large groups, and anyone who enjoys German beer.Great experience! The burgers are the best!, cooked to perfection and the bacon in them is the thickest one that you will ever see. Quality desserts and the light German beer have no comparison with any other. Good place to go for sure!Very high quality authentic German food. The bratwursts are phenomenal to say the least! The spätzle was very flavorful, which is rare from a dish that can be so utterly bland at times! The apple sauce is homemade and the chunks in it are delicious. The only downside of this place is the service could be a little bit better. The food itself is delicious. The location is a good one, but parking is often an issue because the area is typically crowded. The people are nice and are dressed in authentic stereotypical bavarian German clothing. I would recommend this restaraunt to anyone in the area who fathoms tasty German cuisine!I love the Brauhaus.  I mean, what is there not to love?  Good beer, great food, lively environment, it has all the components.  Maybe the fact that I am German has a little something to do with it too.  But every trip to the Brauhaus is one that I look forward to greatly, and I never leave disappointed.
Wurst and schnitzel, kraut and pretzels, and of course, lots of beer.  Loosing the old Ludwig's Biergarten was a big loss for me so thankfully Schmitz eventually came along to fill the void.  Schmitz is roomier that Ludwig's (now Time) was, and has a more full selection of beer.  The menu is more extensive, and more consistently tasty.  I've yet to have a meal at Brauhaus that I didn't like.  Their signature brat is delicious, although I often get the Wurstplatte and alternate meats each visit.  All the schnitzel I've had has been awesome, it's really up to your taste as to which one to order.  And for starters I love the Schinkenplatte, and especially the Fischplatte if you like smoked fish.  You really can't go wrong.  Sometimes I think they could rotate our their seasonal beers a little sooner, but that is small complaint.  It's a German pub, so I guess it's OK to have Oktoberfest beers year round.  That being said, hints of pumpkin in my beer just doesn't taste quite right in July.
The only downside of Schmitz is that it can get packed during peak times.  Which is not entirely bad because you know it's here for the long haul.  However, if you plan to take a group I recommend calling ahead, or going early for lunch or anytime other than happy hour, dinner, and late night, oh, and of course soccer matches unless you are cool with squeezing in where ever there is a little nook.  If you haven't tried it you should go, if you're a fan, maybe I'll see ya there.Can't. Get. Enough. Sadly I currently live an hour away and will be moving to Pitt soon but I will be here as often as possible. 
The food is out of this world good. I highly recommend the potato pancakes. The beer selection is ridiculously good and very exclusive to the brauhaus. I send everyone I know here. It really is not to be missed.Good place to go if you are in a beer drinking and sausage eating mood, are just want to feel a little European.My boyfriend and I visited Brauhaus Schmitz this past Friday. The place looked pack and we were prepared for a long wait. I was not leaving with out spatzel! Surprisingly, we were seated within minutes on the second floor, which is very cozy. For those of you who are tall, if you are seated on the second floor, be prepared for a low ceiling! We laughed at every tall guy as he ascended the stairs to see their reaction!  Its was very loud, between the crowd, the great music and the rowdy table near us. This is not place for a quite meal or if you want to talk to the person across from you. 
Our waitress Molly was very lovely and service was prompt. We knew the plates were going to be large, so we skipped the starters. Both of us went for the schnitzel, deciding on Jägerschnitzel and Zigeunerschnitzel. While the pork cutlet was moist, crispy and flavorful, we were extremely disappointed in the sauces. Both lacked any flavor, no less spice, and salt did not help. Next time, I will stick with the traditional lemon slices. On the bright side, the spatzel and braised cabbage were delicious! I could have eaten both all night. 
For the sides and beer prices alone I gave the fourth star!The best time to go to Brauhaus Schmitz is in the early afternoon before the crowds descend upon it. You have the bar to yourself, and can watch football from Europe. Got to try their home made liverwurst, and a very nice kolsch in the correct glass.Lots and lots of beers on tap and in bottles are Brauhaus' strong suit. But small European women prancing about in lederhosen and the total lack of sport on TV were negativos. Okay, well, the lederhosen clad women weren't really a negative, just so kitch! We get that it's a German beer house. WE GET IT. 
But the beer was great, the price was right, and there was plenty of AC on a hot day, so I'll call myself a fan. Seemed a little on the touristy side, but there's good beer: a redemption sign if I ever saw one.Beer is amazing. Staff is awesone. Food is meh.I love this place. One of my friends goes here all the time. Really good soccer. Awesome selection of beer and they will let you taste it. Very spacious great for a party! I love Oktoberfest here!I really wanted to love this place.  I really did, but I couldn't.   It could be because I went in for restaurant week, but it was not crowded on a Tuesday night with a 27 degree weather.  The German beer list is hugeeeee, in which I DO enjoy.
I ordered:
Bierkäsesuppe (beer and cheese soup)
Laugenstangen (pretzel sticks with sweet mustard and spicy mustard)
Wurstplatte (weisswurst & bratwurst w/spaetzle & saurkraut sides)
Brezelauflauf (pretzel bread pretzel)
My boyfriend ordered:
Ungarisches Gulasch (Hungarian goulash)
Kartoffelpuffer (potato pancakes)
Wiener Schnitzel (chicken cutlet w/braised red cabbage & spaetzle
Schwarzwälder Kirschtorte (whipped cream chocolate cake)
The service was good.  The food came out quick, like fast-food quick.  I was surprised and slightly suspicious, but I was mostly happy that the food was served quickly.  
Long story short, I disliked the dishes I ordered; however, my boyfriend chose delicious dishes.  I couldn't finish my beer and cheese soup.  I couldn't even use it to dip the bread rolls in.  The Hungarian goulash was amazing, though.  It was packed with flavor, might be a little salty for those who want a more mild starting soup.  Moving on, the mustards for the pretzels sticks is decent, but the dish came with just two sticks.; I can't complain much because the sticks had a fluffy texture.  The potato pancakes were a better choice, though.  They give you two decent sized pancakes, served with sweet apple sauce and sour cream.  I know it may sound unusual, but I recommend eating the pancakes with the apple sauce on top.  Next, we were served our main course.  ...I couldn't finish my dish nor did I want to get a take out box.  I was very underwhelmed by the taste.  I wished the spaetzle was more cheesier; it's kinda like eating crumbs.  My date's dish was amazing though!  I think the schnitzel tasted great!  As for dessert, I couldn't finish my dessert either.:(  I don't know why I'm so mehh about the food, this rarely happens to me.  My date liked his dessert, though.  
Overall, I think my personal experience wasn't good.  I think I chose all the wrong dishes for myself.  My date, however, had a good time and rates his experience at Brauhaus a 4-ish.We went here Friday night with friends who are locals.  Our friend who grew up in Philadelphia said it's his favourite German Restaurant.  The food didn't disappoint.   We ordered starters of Sauerkraut Croquettes which melted in your mouth (my mouth is watering just writing about it).   We also shared the pickled sausages also which were served in small jars with vinegar.  They sent me back to days of being with my father when he hung out at the local VFW and that was a standard bar snack! Finally we also split the pretzel which was unimpressive and just a pretzel.  Dinner entries consisted of Sauerbraten (myself), Wiener Schnitzel (my partner) and our friends shared the  wurst brett, an oversized cutting board with one link of every sausage they serve along with two sides.   The sides were the spatzel and potato pancakes.   The food was terrific. 
I wish I could say the same about the service which was very slow and very lacking in customer service.  Our server told us their computers were down which was why it was taking long to get a beer from the bar.  Then the food took a long time to come from the kitchen.  At the end of the meal 2  1/2 hours later, we asked for the check.  He told us the computers were still down but would write a hand written bill and that 'he would take care of us."   When the handwritten bill came he sure did take care of us by about $67.  He stated I know this isn't correct but this is the best I can do given we have no computers.   No problem.  We handed him two credit cards and said to split the bill.  When he returned 20 minutes later he stated the computers were fixed and now he's sorry but the bill he gave us was too small and now we had the correct one. 
I'm all for paying for what I order and eat, but this guy dragged us out for a super long time. It wasn't the most impressive use of customer service I've ever seen.One liter of beer
and one meter of bratwurst.
This place is heaven!Very good! The atmosphere, food and service were solid.  The potato pancake, pretzel and meat plate (forget the name) were stand-outs.  I also enjoyed the beer selection.  Overall, I recommend this to anyone interested in an authentic German experience.  One environmental improvement is the air conditioner vents on the second floor were a bit strong especially where I was sitting - directly over the vent.Very neat German place, with authentic cuisine and beer. I had the Shwienhaxe and it was just like I've had in Germany, crispy skin and delicious pork. The Hungarian goulash was a great soup as well, perfectly spiced. The beer menu was extensive and had some beers I had not seen since Germany. The interior was neat, and the waitstaff was attentive.A place where you can get wurst by the meter and beer by the liter. I think that is all that needs to be said.
Get a half liter of beer, a Pretzel and some roll mops and watch the Union game at the bar or stay for a whole crispy fried pork shank with kraut and a potato dumping. 
This is one of my favorite restaurants in Philly.I have no idea why it took me so long to check this place out, but I finally did last night. 
The beer list is extensive and covers all things german. I got a giant haufbrau house style mug and it only came out to $11 - and it was ginormous - at least 3-4 beers in that glass and only $11 - I am a fan. 
The food is ok - options are limited unless you are in the mood for some form of tubed meat or potato. The pretzels they make however, might be the best I have ever had. The food however if extremely over priced. 
I will def be back here for beers soon - food not so much other than the pretzel.I tend to stay away from restaurants that are too theme-y, or that try too hard and distract you with décor or costumes for their servers (I'm looking at you, Stephen Starr!) - but Brauhaus Schmitz is the exception to the rule.  
Despite the distraction of very perky bosoms, I enjoy the dirndls - they remind me of the Sound of Music and Oktoberfests of years past.  It is also a nice little throwback to the dearly departed, Ludwig's Garten - and gives the space a little color and personality.  Dirndls or not, service is knowledgeable (they know their beers), prompt and pleasant.
The space is a bit generic, narrow, tight and bright with lots of golden wood (hey ho! I'm only talking interiors, here!) and two floors for dining.  Disappointingly, the bar and bar area is smaller than you would expect from a German Beer Hall.  The bar has enough seating for about ten people and because the space is so narrow, it is aligned next to the dining booths and does not leave room to mill about.
For fans of German cuisine, this menu is here to soothe your hungry belly.  Rib-sticking, carb-laden beer drinking grub with hefty portions to boot - and reasonably priced too!   Try their full-bodied tasty goulash - there's also mad offerings of wurst... along with mmmm.. homemade bratwurst, which comes in both half a meter and full meter. (don't be a wimp, order the meter! you won't regret it)  Also a fave, is the Jagerschnitzel served with Kartoffelpuffer (a must - moist potato pancake served with sour cream) and to lighten the heavy load, their house salad dotted with plenty of red sliced radishes (all main dishes come with a choice of two sides). 
Most importantly, so very importantly, is their bier.  Ja, Bier!!  A seriously fantastic collection both on tap and in bottles and if you want, served in massive steins.  Two of those will do the trick. Trust me. 
 If you're in a friendly group that aren't germaphobes be sure to partake in the DAS Boot challenge: a two litre Boot-shaped glass.  Brauhaus fills it up with your choice of beer and it goes like this: each person in your group must take a turn drinking from the boot, each time flicking the boot for good luck before passing it along ( during the challenge you can never put the boot down), whomever takes the penultimate drink loses (and buys the next round). Thus the challenge is to either finish the beer or leave a challenging quantity to the next person to try and finish.  
A group of us took the challenge (three or four times, ahem) on this recent NYE and it was a night to remember (if not, to forget).  Prost!The first few times I went to Brauhaus I really really loved it. My last experience was kinda iffy though. I ordered a winter salad and it was completely different than the description on the menu, which it took me a little bit to realize since what I was given was good but it was't what I ordered. I am assuming they were out of the items in the description on the menu, since the waitress mentioned they were out of some the wursts when my boyfriend was ordering. It was late on New Year's Day and apparently they were slammed all day. I still really wish I had gotten to try the combination of brussel sprouts, beets and blue cheese since I am still thinking about it 10 days later. 
The Kartoffelpuffer (aka latkes) are probably my favorite in Philly, even beating the famed Honey's. I really like that they remind me of homemade and are thin although I do find it necessary to add some salt and pepper almost every time. Being a vegetarain I have never tried most of the entrees, but their sides are all very pleasing and I love the mustrads that come with the pretzel. My boyfriend has spent a lot of time in Germany and is always excited about being able to have the wurste plates. 
They also have a great beer list, although there were a lot of beers I wanted to try but the descriptions sounded too sweet for the food I usually get there. I guess I will have to go in just for beers another time or stay after eating and try some more.I really didn't want my very first Yelp review to be a bad one.  I have a list of about 5 amazing places that I'd like to carve out the time to review, including Amis and Sampan, but it just seems like words of disappointment and frustration are easier to write.  I went with three of my friends to the Brauhaus on Saturday.  We got there at 7 and put our name on the list.  The hostess told us it would be an hour, so we settled down in a couple of chairs and a bench behind the bar area, ordered a couple of rounds of beer, and hung out.
At around 7:45, we checked in with the hostess again, and she mentioned that we were still fifth on the list, and that it would be about 35 more minutes, for a total wait of about 1:20.  Still fine by us.  Some of us got some more beer (all told, we spent over $60 on beer while waiting).  Shortly after that, we watched a party of no less than twenty filing up the stairs.  I turned to my friends and said, "There's no way they'll be able to seat us in half an hour. They just sat a quarter of their dining room in one shot."  At around 8:40, from upstairs, the hostess made eye contact with us.  She came down the stairs and made a beeline toward us.  "Finally," we said among ourselves.  She then demanded -- without any "please" or pleasantries at all -- that we give up the chairs we'd been sitting in, because another table needed them.  She also told us that we were still third on the list, behind a party of six and a party of four.
Fast forward to 9:00, when we had been waiting for two hours.  A gentleman (owner? manager?) who had previously been seating people was then standing right across from us, having a beer with his friend.  At that time, we learned from the hostess that, even though I could eyeball three empty tables, we were no closer to being sat than we were twenty minutes previously.  The gentleman heard us complaining among ourselves and engaged us -- not to apologize, or smooth our ruffled feathers, but to say, "What do you expect us to do?  Demand people leave?"
I think we were pretty patient as we explained that our issue was largely that no one was managing our expectations, and that the only time anyone actively reached out to us was to demand we give up our seats.  I told the gentleman that, having been in the business, I found it unrealistic for them to quote an hour wait when they knew they'd be seating a party of 20+ on a Saturday night, and that if we'd known it would have been more than a 2 hour wait, we would have gone somewhere else and hit the Brauhaus another time.  The establishment's failure to properly manage its seating process cost us (and a bunch of other grumbling would-be patrons) a nice Saturday evening.  The fact that they felt the need to confront us and imply that we were the ones with the problem cost us our pleasant moods.  We ended up sitting down to dinner at almost 10:00 somewhere else. (That meal was excellent, and I'll review it another time.)
I've eaten at the Brauhaus before, and the food is pretty good.  I like their beer selection. The service is of a consistently good quality.  But, frankly, there are enough good restaurants in this city that I don't really feel as though I need to visit Brauhaus again. And there are enough restaurants where a seating logjam like the one I just described would have been handled in a way that made would-be patrons feel appreciated and welcome.It's "A-OK".    Great beer selection.  Service is lack-luster.  Actually, service both times I went was apathetic. They seemed to care less.    Food was good!!   Ambiance is Meh. I'd go back.  It was A-OK.To start with I'll say that we are fans of German food and we are very familiar with the cuisine and especially the Beers.  As far as this place is concerned, come for the German beer because the selection can not be beat. The food is just Ok however...
 The Pfeifferbeisser sausage was not as spicy as we had hoped for and the smoked pork chop was over cooked to a fine leather like consistency. The cold salads were too warm. It was like they were sitting in a tray next to a steam table. The krauts and cabbages were good as was the Sauerkraut Kroketten appetizer. The potato pancake was OK and the Spatzle was just average.
The atmosphere is loud with a million large screen TV's but hey, this place is really a sports bar that specializes in German Beer and just happens to make a middling attempt at serving German food.The service was steady so that was a plus but it was only about 40% full on the Saturday afternoon that we were there so it was not that hard to keep up with the customers.
The noise level was excessive so this isn't the best place for a date. If you wanted to go see a game with a bunch of friends that liked German beers and didn't mind yelling constantly to communicate then this is the place for you!
To sum it up, this would be a great place to have a few beers before you moved on to another place nearby to have a meal.In the most unseeming neighborhood lies this authentic German gem.
I admit, I had little to no expectations when we decided to check it out, though currywurst and curry ketchup seemed to have caught our eye.
We started off with pommes -- imagine hot, crisp Belgian fries dipped in a salty, spiced curry ketchup -- and when that turned out really well, we decided to go for broke.  The wurstplatte offers two wursts of your choosing among five along with two sides; we chose kasewurst (pork, beef, and cheese) and bauernwurst (smoked beef and pork) with spaetzle and sauerkraut.  It was all very glorious -- the kasewurst's cheesy richness and the bauernwurst's snap.
For dessert?  Apfelstrudel mit eis (homemade apple strudel served warm with a scoop of vanilla ice cream).  We were actually told to wait 10-15mins, which typically would be an inconvenience but the reason for the delay was because the chef prepared the pastry fresh to order -- no complaints there!  Chunks of apple were sweet and warmly baked into a light, flaky pastry.  The pairing was impeccable.I am huge fan of German beer, particularly hefeweizen so loved the beer selection here.  With two bars there plenty of room, although both times I've been happen to be Sundays so neither time as particularly pack.  
The soft pretzel was awesome but I was really disappointed in the spaetzle.  I've had better and for a lot less money.  Guess since they made the top 50 restaurant list I might of come in with high expectation.  I can totally see how they made the top 50 Bar list, though.Yum yum yum!  What more can I say.  Everything I've had here has been delicious.  I definitely recommend the Rahmschnitzel, house salad, potato pancakes (with Apple sauce), and spaetzel.  And their German beer selection is wonderful.  Great place to go with friends.Great beer. Good service. Pretty good food. Slow kitchen. Would go again, definitely.Das Beir ist wunderbar!  This place was alot of fun this past weekend.  I took my Angel with me and we enjoyed this place for our first time on Saturday for lunch.  Burgers and Brats and Beers were enjoyed and we will return.  Barstafff was helpful and friendly and couldnt have asked for better.The food was average. They had a large beer selection but if the food isn't great who wants to keep drinking. The waitress and hostess were both very nice, buy I don't think I will visit again.Made the trip into the city last night to make it to the Buck Buck Moose event and had a great experience. Admittedly, I was there because I love venison and wanted to have it prepared by someone who knew what they were doing as opposed to me. Every course was delicious and the beer pairing made each that much more enjoyable. The staff could not have been more accommodating to the 60 or so guests. Both the author and the chef were very gracious with their time. I will definitely be back to give them a try!I'm going to have to go against the grain here, because this place was just not my jam.
Their beer list seems to be pretty authentically German, which means you're looking at $7+ for a lot of beers. This definitely isn't a $4 Kenzinger type place. I got a $6.50 Hefeweizen which was a Hefeweizen ('nuff said) and the boyfriend got the liter of the house brew (which is a light beer like Budweiser) and got a kick out of the huge mug. In contrast to other reviewers' experiences, the server definitely didn't take time to walk us through the slightly complicated beer menu or make suggestions and was more like "drafts start on this page."
They start you out with white and dark (rye? pumpernickle?) breads with herbed butter and two mustards: a true yellow and a sweet whole-grain. This was nice. Both of us had enjoyed unbelievably delicious bratwurst in Germany, so hoping this would be the real deal we went with the house made Nürnberg style bratwurst. Also, in a metric system fail, we opted for $28 "for two" meter-long portion. The server assured us this was good for two. 
This thing was a beast. For the metrically challenged, this is three plus feet of sausage. The table next to us actually said "holy crap" when it arrived. Good for two? Really? We would have been just fine with the half meter. 
Aside from the ridiculous size it was not tasty--more like a breakfast sausage without that customary bratwurst kick. I have enjoyed better Johnsonvilles. Let's not lie, I have professed love to a hot-off-the-grill Johnsonville on a bun. The spaetzle was a bit like scrambled eggs without salt and the kartoffelpuffer (potato pancake with sour cream) was delish. I never bad mouth fried potatoes. 
$58 later, and enough leftover sausage to feed a construction crew, I left unimpressed.I will leave others to praise the tap.  It offers a selection of German beer hard to find outside Germany, or at least elsewhere in the USA.  Complaints about the pricing must come from college students used to paying $2.50 for their Bud Lights at Cavanaugh's. 
I mean to write about the food.  My meals at B. Schmitz have been better than those I ate in Munchen (Munich) -- well, aside from the Indian restaurant, which was great (yes, I lived in NJ once and think of Indian food, among others, as a taste of home).  
B. Schmtz has convinced me that "good German Food" is not an inherent oxymoron but in fact a reality.  Order the rotkohl as a side.  Try the pickled appetizer plate.  The schnitzels are marvelous.  The wursts will set your diet back a few days.  One of these days I will not have stuffed myself so much that I will try the deserts.  
Great tap, good food, and sports on big screens.  Plus my wife likes eating here.  There is not much more I can do to be closer to Heaven than I have been at B. Schmitz.  If I had to find a flaw, I'd mention the oom-pah music on the PA.  Good German food may be possible but good (traditional) German music is another story.  What Bach and Beethoven must have over come!
In a more sober tone, if conceptualized as a gastropub, B. Schmitz is fantastic -- cream of the crop.  If conceptualized as a fine dining establishment, it's too loud and too much fun and will thus fall short of expectations.  For nearby fine dining, try Bistro La Minette -- you will savor your cornichon in a quiet ambiance, on fine white linen table clothes, while you mutter conversation with your tablemates.  But if you would like good beer and the bold flavors of German food, you will find happiness at B. Schmitz.Nice German restaurant. It a great place to follow the German Bundesliga and all games of the German national team during any big events, e.g. World Cup etc
You will meet a lot of German guests. Food is good and you will find a great variation of German beer.
During the last European Championship the restaurant offered some special beer deals during the German games.
I miss a little bit the German outfit on the waitress and bartender, e.g. Lederhosen or Dirndl
That would really improve the ambience.excellent food. excellent beer. excellent staff. Especially on Saturdays for Bundesliga :)Definitely a cool spot for drinks and watching sports. There are a good amount of tables and bar seats. The drink selection is massive and the sausages are phallic.
I don't drink so I shared some food with my friends that do. We had the curry wurst which was delicious. The complimentary bread is nice and hearty. And the appetizer with liver something or other, superb. 
A great casual place to stop by for beer and some hearty german fare.Made a last minute decision to come here for birthday dinner on a Sunday evening.  What the right choice!  3 of us shared the Schlachtplatte.  AMAZING!  Beer selection (and help picking) is A++.  Also, the setting of the restaurant itself is nice, not too crowded.  Even thought it's an hour and a half drive for us, we'll definitely be back!Great place with great beers to choose from. Too bad I'm not into German food that much.Generally speaking I hate German food.  This is somewhat of a dilemma since my boyfriend is very German and LOVES the food.  I was very pleasantly surprised that I really enjoyed my meal here and the beer is obviously good.
The accordion player plays songs like Build me up Buttercup, which threw me off but was pretty entertaining.  
The service however was horrible.  It took forever to get our meals and the server basically told us what we should and shouldn't order.  I'm all for suggestions but don't tell me what I picked isn't good and I should reconsider...yes I want the pork!! 
The apple streudal was really good, I've actually gone back since just to have that.  Unfortunately, the place is so packed on weekends I haven't been able to get it. I also imagine this place is a good time with a larger group.If you want a German beer bar experience, then look no further. They have a crazy selection of beers (both on tap and in bottles). There's tons of seating. In terms of food, they serve typical German fare. And they have that terrible ring game you can play in the back. Megan was the best bartender!Was ist das? Deutsch ein Restaurant am South Street?
(sorry if that's wrong - blame Google)
------
So we were on South street last week, and we noticed two interesting things: 1) a LOT of police presence (no doubt in response to the flash mob a while back), 2) a German brewpub on South Street - complete with balcony seating.  
A summary of our experience:
-I got the hefeweisen, and enjoyed its crisp, light flavors greatly. I also enjoyed the fact that it came in a 0.5L glass.
-She got the Ice wine (eiswein) - which we thought was bordering on Manischewitz sweet (aka, too sweet)
-We split a house sauerbraten for one. Unfortunately, this was too gritty and dry.  The accompanying mustards were interesting, but didn't add to the dish.  That being said, the spaetzel was buttery good, sauerkraut wasn't bad either (cooked in bits of pork).
Overall, this is an interesting option on a street dominated by the "best" ("#1 Chinese on South Street", "Best pizza on South Street", etc)Love the Brauhaus! Went out for few drinks to celebrate our friends engagement. They were able to seat a group of 5 very quickly. The staff is very friendly and appreciate your business. The atmosphere itself puts you in a great mood. The assortment of beers is great and not to my surprise they have a large amount of German Beers on tap. The food was authentic and delicious.  Everything is clean...even the bathroom! This place is great!Awesome beer list, waitresses in cute barmaid outfits, and cool beer mugs. This is a great place to go to try a bunch of different beers you've never heard of, and maybe some you have heard of. Sadly it can be a bit expensive, and they don't tell you when you come in that happy hour is only at the bar (you can't get it at the tables). Also, they apparently don't have a license to sell beer for you to take home, so if you want to buy some interesting beers as a gift or if you find an awesome beer you want to have again later you will be sadly disappointed. This place would gain some serious points if they got a license to sell their bottles of beer to take home. As it currently is though, I don't think I would return.We stopped by while walking along south street to find a huge selection of German beers and cuisine. The menu is gigantic!
I only opted for a beer as I was full from eating beforehand, but I wish I had some room to try food because all of the dishes looked great!I have probably been here 50 times since I wrote the original review (my first on Yelp).  
Let me tell you why Brauhaus Schmitz is awesome:
Tons of rotating taps
Order by the liter - anything worth doing is worth overdoing
Great wursts (Bauernwurst is my favorite), pretzels and mustards
Ocbtoberfest quarantines a section of South St. for tons of eating and drinking fun (Sep 29 this year - MARK THE DATE)
Redesigned with a new section - check out the bar, one solid piece of tree!
The watiers and waitresses are always friendly and willing to give you help if you're just not sure what to eat or drink
Great events, soccer, drink specials, happy hour is a great deal (4$ sausage sandwich and $4 half liters)
Why would you NOT like this place?Hey do you want hot dogs that cost 16-22$ and taste like stadium dogs (some of them taste like the country fair mess you serve to your half-retarded canines) THEN GO HERE. Good service. Good selection of beer. Food that taste like a Lunchable is certainly a sure miss-fire. Goodluck Brauh....Great selection of German food and drink. Much better than your typical pub food. Service is spectacular. Highly recommended!Let me start by saying that it only gets 5 stars because I can't give it a billion stars!!! This place was amazing. My wife and I both were stationed in Germany for some time, and for me to find this restaurant seriously made me feel like I was back in Germany. I lived in Bamberg, in Bavaria, a place that is known for its beer. And let me say, I was happy as a kid in a candy store. I got my liter of Marhs Brau heffe, and I was so happy. Then, I went on to order the schwienhaxen, which tasted just as good as it did at Kreuzberg. We live in southern Virginia, and I can honestly say, that we will be doing a road trip back up to Philly simply to go to this restaurant. Without a doubt. I'll be back!!!!Walking down South street and seeing this place catches you completely off guard- on a nice day you get a glimpse of the beautiful wood structure inside and it just lures you in. You must get the full experience and order one of the gigantic mugs of german beer. They have selections that will satisfy everyone's palette ( an extensive list of not only German but a ton of Domestic and Import beers).  The food was very authentic and yummy as well. I can vouch for the potato pancakes and potato soup- both delish.  I can't complain about the service we received- it was on par for the crowded afternoon they were experiencing.  When you go for the first time, expect the posibility of a crowd- the place isn't that big. In my opinion, it's worth the way for the experienceI actually loved the feel of this place. We sat near the entrance and the breeze on the warm night made you feel like you were sitting in an open air bar. German bar food for their late night menu and, as I had already anticipated, not many vegetarian options. I know, I know, "vegetarian food at a German bar??" i like to hope. anyway - good beer, good service and good crowd.I went here for a Friday evening Happy Hour, and it is well worth it. $4 selected draft beers and $4 sausage sandwiches makes for a can't-be-beat German happy hour. This was my first time, but I am sure I will be going back soon. First experience was a good one!Very authentic looking German beer hall! They've got lotsa beer options on tap that all come in their own respective beer glasses, so no two glasses r the same! I like that they had such a variety of German beers and had a page dedicated to the german beers that are exclusive to brauhaus smiths. These exclusive beers are a little more expensive, at 8 to 9 dollars per .5L. The other drafts are 5 to 6 dollars. My bf and I tried the pretzel which is amazing, ESP with the two kinds of mustard sauces. We also tried the liver wurst appetizer, which was good, but nothing special. Wouldn't get it again. 
We split the wurst platter and the sausages were so amazing! Perfectly cooked, seasoned and crispy! I like dipping them in the curry ketchup or mustard sauces. The sauerkraut and potato cake were okay. 
I would def come back, to try the schnitzel and a main dish, and to get that amazing pretzel again!Recently revisited Brauhaus Schmitz for the special 5 course game dinner- what an amazing, memorable dinner!  The beer pairings were awesome too!  I'm signing up for their mailing list so I can be sure to attend if they hold any more great events like this!I know very little about German cuisine, but I am always up for something new.  Brauhaus Schmitz has a number of fine beers to select from, most of which I cannot pronounce.  When I went they were specializing in sour beers, which is not something I go for, but was able to fine two beers that fit my palate.  
For an appitizer I ordered the potato pancakes with apple sauce and sour cream and my significant other had the hungarian goulash.  Both were terrific, and would make a good snack if you were just getting drinks.  For dinner I had two sausages (one with bacon and the other with pork and beef) with the spatzle and kartoffelsalat (german potato salad).  The potato salad was the star here, the sausages were very salty.  This was my first time trying spatzle, and I thought that it tasted like scrambled eggs.  I got to try the schaschlik as well, which I like far more than my own meal, though I thought the fries were a bit of a throw away.  I would have much prefered this dish with two sides like the wurst.
Service was a bit slow, but it was very busy on a Friday night, and we knew what we were getting into.
All in all, I plan to go again.  Now armed with a little bit of knowledge about German food, I will order some new dishes (except for the potato pancakes, those are to stay).Impressive German beer selection. Food was good but not jaw dropping. Would certainly go back again.I squealed when I got the menu. It was all the food I grew up with and it was pretty darn good. My boyfriend was a bit overwhelmed by the menu, so I can see someone not being familiar with traditional German food having a hard time picking out something they may like. I was a little disappointed by the Spätzel but the Wurtz Platte was terrific. I stuck with the lighter beers, but will definitely be heading back to sample some more. There is so much to choose from! The only downside was the noise, but that's how beer halls go.We trudged out of winter storm Jonas to try this spot for lunch, and I'm glad we did. Firstly, for a German place, they have plenty of vegetarian options (You just have to get a little creative and be willing to carb up with some side dishes!) I grew up in a German PA household, and the Spätzle here was the best I've ever had. Honestly the BEST. My best guess is that it was first boiled, then grilled on the flat top with clarified butter. It had a crust similar to breakfast house hashbrowns. Just fantastic! I managed to create a tasty (and affordable) vegetarian meal by getting a "whole" side of Spaetzel, and a half side each of the Kartoffelpuffer (Potato Pancake) and the Rotkohl sweet & sour red cabbage. The sauerkraut uses bacon, which is a bummer for me, but my fiance loved it. Cool spot with some delicious food. We also split the Laugenbreze (Pretzel) which was warm and comforting and came with some great mustard and pickled radish.Talk to enough people about good beer and they will lead you in the right direction. That's how I found my way to the Brauhaus Schmitz and came back for seconds with my beer loving counterpart. 
I stopped in alone, after shopping the Italian Market for a beer. Although the place was PACKED for a Saturday I found a seat at the bar and ordered a Schneider Aventinus Weizenbock, 8.2%. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/8j3blTZChklt3j89jxx0fw?select=Sfzkib1BaW7jE97NnvkC2Q It was an excellent choice too.
So when I was back in the hood with the Mister, I brought him over for a brew. I decided to try something new and he went with his favorite, a Hefen-Weizen. I ordered the Julius Echter Dunkelweizen and he ordered the Julius Echter Hefen-Weizen, both really good and put us in the mood for strolling down South Street, taking pictures and window shopping.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/8j3blTZChklt3j89jxx0fw?select=UDcbb4us09oPMLlHVJgf6Q
The Brauhaus is fun, the waitresses look great in thier beer maid outfits and the service was good. Another great stop on a BEERcation in Philadelphia.My first experience here was Brunch with Santa which was cute, but Santa left 45 minutes before the end of the brunch. This wasn't a real big deal for us, we had no children with us. There was a photographer to take pictures with Santa so we asked if our group could get pictures with our German-costumed servers with their Santa hats and it came out even better than a Santa pic.
That aside, I will move on to a visit to the restaurant on a regular evening.
The servers are quite knowledgeable and very friendly. Service is fast too.
The beer menu is extensive, which is great. You can ask to sample the drafts before deciding on a full beer. Your server can definitely help you to find a beer you will enjoy.
The food is OK, however, the only entree I tried was the sauerbraten. I know what it is supposed to taste like and it kind of fell short. Sauerbraten takes several days to make because you marinate the meat in the gravy. This was not the case here. I have had the brunch and I thought my meal was very tasty at that time. The Wurst plate is a must try, all of their sausages are delicious. The Black Forest Cake is also a must try.
I'm sure I'll end going here again, so I will just have to sample other dishes. Overall, it is a very nice environment.I know so many people who love this place - but I wouldn't hurry back.  I didn't love any of the beers (they were big too).  The goulash was excellent as was the spaetzle - most other sides didn't impress me.  Maybe I'm just not a German food fan?I love this place! I went with some coworkers for happy hour and they have a great deal for sandwiches and beer. For $4 I got large bratwurst sandwich. The bartender server us both times we went and was great. When we were struggling over their extensive beer choices he brought us samples and explained them.For authentic German food with the proper beer, you're not going to get anything better without a plane ticket and a passport.
The food is all of the German staples.  The spatzle is out of this world, as are the pretzels.  I don't think I've eaten the same entree twice, so all I can say is they're all good.   The brats and sausages are made in house and their specialty, but don't let that stop you from trying everything else on the menu!   I keep going back to my favorite beers when I'm here, but I do see an extensive list and a wide variety of mugs on the ball to properly serve them all in.
The staff is extremely friendly and they go out of their way to interact with you.  I've been here 1-2x's a month since it opened and love that it's alot of the same staff here still.  The decor is warm and friendly, the crowd feels welcoming and casual; you don't get the feeling that you're walking in on a neighborhood bar and you're a tourist.  Once you walk past the front doors, you would have a hard time guessing you're on South Street, so don't let the address fool you either.
They often do events around the soccer games, and have the TV's on around the bar to watch, a great way to make new friends without the crazy scene that the football games bring at most sportsbars.
Family friendly, great value and service for group dinners, and the perfect place to take a date to impress with good food with an atmosphere that allows for conversation and drinking afterwards!Best beers in philly.  Want a brew that's only available in Germany?  It's here.  Want the Oktoberfest they're serving in the tents?  They have the fest version and the higher powered marzen.  Dinner was great but the pretzel pudding was insane.It was a pleasant surprise for this pescetarian  to find a multitude of veg dishes on the menu here as my only eating experiences in Germany and German restaurants stateside were chock-full-o-meat . Our server, Kurt, was excellent. He had vast knowledge of the menu and aptly described various dishes fitting within my request. Additionally he could really pull off the  pronunciations of everything. We shared a type of flat bread and I got a noodle dish with amazing grilled mushrooms.(chanterelle) on top. They had imported apple juice and artisanal sodas. Hubby got  unfiltered dunkelweizen which he had never seen before anywhere, and he is really into microbreweries. He rated that and the other tap brew he tried as 1st rate. My takeaway: SO delicious!I happened to come here during the Oktoberfest festival that this bar hosted last weekend and I was pleasantly surprised.
When events like that typically take place they can get out of control or super messy in a hurry, but this didn't go down like that. Albeit the street outside was blocked off and most of the people attending were in that area, I have to say that the inside of the bar was nice and I enjoyed the atmosphere that they had going on.
I was also happy that there were enough televisions inside that I could still keep an eye on some of the football games that I thought I'd be missing by going here.
The beer here was pretty good, although some of the options had run out since there were hundreds of people frequenting the place throughout the day for Oktoberfest. I'm exited to come and check out this place again on a day when it's a bit less crowded. 
Prost!Soon good especially for happy hour. 4 dollars for a sausage. The beer is so delish. Dessert was pretty on point as well. Left so satisfied.Had a great time with great family .  But the food and ambience and service from our fräulein in drindle dress made for a special evening.  The Zum Fass selection of beers was great.  Very helpful wait staff.  Great food. Even the sides are worth mention. I had a Rot red cabbage that was delicious, and potato cakes with sour cream. Worth every penny.i'm certain that i don't belong in here:
i cannot pronounce any of the beers.
i cannot figure out why they would close the top floor on a friday night.
i cannot justify the 3 unisex bathrooms for such a small facility.
i do not watch soccer (excuse me, europeans.. i meant football).
i am a female who does not want the attention of ugly dudes.
my german grandmother is probably disappointed in me.Not much to say that hasn't been said, but as far as German beer halls go, this is one of the best if not the best.  The place is always packed so either have a reservation or hope for spots at the bar.  But if you walk and put your name in and wait, the lively atmosphere plus the beer list will keep your entertained and enjoying yourself as you wait.
The food is fantastic and very authentic.  My fiancee and I split apps of croquettes made with pork and kraut and foie gras pate on grilled bread with a berry compote.  Both were excellent with the foie being the obvious favorite.  For entrees she had the pork and potato stuffed "ravioli" with truffle cream sauce and I had the crispy pork shank.  Her dish was dense and heavy but the right portion size so she was perfectly content afterwards, because the flavor was also stellar.  My pork shank was delicious but in hindsight was too large and heavy for me after those apps, but the leftovers held up the next day which really hit the spot.  Next time I get apps I'll try something else, or forego apps since the shank is that damn good.  Its easy to run up a steep bill (with 2 half liter beers each with tax/tip we were at $120), but its a satisfying bill.Great food and great selection of foreign and super rare beer on tap. They also have the Boot size glasses (yes a boot) which I haven't seen anywhere else in Philly. 
Food is German style with a lot of tasty sausages and delic home made pretzels. 
People seemed to complain about service but to me they were very helpful when came for lunch. They tried to fit our stroller and managed to find a perfect spot for it.
I will go again. 
Also, if you are a pub crawler you can get here late night and get a night snack too.Great German food, served HOT and the inexplicable smell of all damn good German restaurants!This is the best German place I have found anywhere near the tri-state area. They have a huge and ever-evolving beer list that is all German/Bavarian/Austrian. There is no Coors Light, Miller Light, Budweiser, etc. but the wait staff is really good at recommending something for people who have never tried German beer. The best part is when you order a beer they ask, "Half-Liter, or Liter?" 
I LOVE their food! I especially love every kind of Spätzle they serve. They also have great Sauerbraten, potato pancakes, Schnitzel, cucumber salad, and a fairly large variety of Bratwurst that are all delicious. And of course, they have really delicious pretzels. 
The bar tends to fill up for sports, which I absolutely love, but that might turn a couple people away. They mainly focus on soccer, but they play all the Philly sports teams, too. It can be a little small and cramped for people who aren't part of the sports crowd, but they are expanding soon, so that should add some breathing room.
This is pretty much my go-to bar in the city. Great beer, great food, great people. I love it!Food is amazing especially the sausages and delicious beer too. Love the atmosphere as wellEasily my favorite restaurant in philly. I live in Florida now and will travel to philly just to have some of their sausages. We always do the sausage platter with potato pancakes and egg noodles. The service is excellent and very knowledge about the food, beer, and wine. I recommend it to anybody who loves authentic German food and drinksThis place is awesome. Really big. Beer was really good. Prices were fair. Service was good, even though we were obnoxious. We ordered pretzels but after 10 minutes they told us they were all out. 10 more minutes after they brought out free pretzels.
Would def come backyes we all know i'm a foodie this place was great the food was perfectly seasoned the service was awesome the place its self was clean would def g become a return customerI love everything about this place. I'm a beer nerd and they know more about German beer than me. I'm always able to try something I've never had before, usually on tap. The food is amazing: unquestionably salty (what do you expect with German food and sausages) but consistently wonderful. 
Service is top notch. This place is a favorite. One of the places I take friends from our of town because there is so little like it.wow!  surprised to find that I like German food- if done well.  What a great space on South Street.  Picked from an overwhelming beer selection with the help of our waiter.  Servers are very knowledgeable (and nice).  Here's what the table ordered: sauerkraut fritters, foie gras liverwurst/cherry compote, tons of sausage platt,  a wurst brett, pilzstrudel (was so very good with smoked barley inside a crispy strudel shell), schweinshaxe.  Every single order was reported to be yummy and interesting.  (Did I mention great service?) 
Then somehow we managed to eat the Bavarian pretzel bread pudding (the best!) and an apple and a pear strudel.  Rolled out of there delighted!  
Nothing like it anywhere around -I know it's been said before - but  you will not be disappointed.Good food with fun atmosphere. Nice place to come with friends, watch a game, and enjoy some great German food and beer.