I just purchased a cake for my sister's shower. The cake was not a traditional shower cake but a bit more elegant. They did a wonderful job. The buttercream lace design was perfect. My cake's flavor was a carrot cake and it was made apparent in the first bit that is was made from natural ingredients. All of my guests loved both the flavor and design.From my stunning, delicious wedding cake to the moist, almost too pretty to eat cupcakes served up at my birthday dinner last week, I have never encountered a Bredenbeck's treat I could resist. The staff is extremely friendly and helpful, the bakers put out top quality product, and the decorators are:extremely talented and creative. It is a Chestnut Hill staple and a spot that all sweet-toothed Philadelians should check out!Hubby and I ordered a just-like-our-wedding-cake cake for our one year anniversary party and it was just as delicious as we remembered, and completely devoured by the end of the party. The top freezer-stored tier held up pretty well too and was also very delicious, tho very cold ;)I've never seen so many guests at a wedding eat cake! Not only was the cake beautiful and just what I had pictured, but it tasted great! So great that my little brother cut into the top tier that we had saved the next day.  Normally this would be stressful, but Bredenbecks actually gives you a complimentary small cake on your one year anniversary! We had a great experience through and through. The cake tasting was fabulous (and impossible to choose!) so we had three different flavors on our four tiered cake. The design was exactly what we had planned during the cake tasting meeting as well. Overall a great experience! Not to mention the great treats they have in their bakery year round! We definitely will be using Bredenbecks in the future.I like this cute little shop.  Stopped in the other day for a hot fudge sundae. I am lactose intolerant, but I am able to eat small amounts and be ok.  I asked the girl at the counter for the smallest size they serve. That ended up being a little less than a scoop, and I was fine with that.  My sundae was very good. 
My fiance ordered a Brecken Schmecken... which is actually what I should have had. This was kind of like a caramel sundae with pieces of a soft, cinnamon sugar cookie inside.  Yummy.As a Wedding Photographer, I see a lot of cakes, BredenBecks, stands out. That's why I chose them to do my own Wedding cake. Business in the front party in the back!! A cake that made people smile! They followed all the instructions we gave them, followed pictures and drawings we got together. The cake was delicious, beautiful, and exactly what we wanted. As you will see from the pictures, we got very creative.
BredenBecks, also did another custom cake for me, it was to look like an iron, worn Captain America Shield. The picture does not do it justice. It was incredible. The chocolate cake with salted caramel center was a hit with everyone at the party. The attention to detail, superb. 
I see some 1 and 2 stars on here. Maybe not every cake is a success, or maybe the customer isn't specific enough. I for one am very meticulous, and they did everything exactly as I planned, and asked for. I will continue to use, and recommend Bredenbecks.This is where we come for all of our birthday cakes, cookies, and it's a great spot for ice cream in the summer. 
The cakes are beautiful and the best I have ever tasted!  I usually get vanilla cake with vanilla icing, but I have also tried the chocolate chip cake which was out of this world! The cupcakes are also delicious, and the cookies are cute and seasonally appropriate (fall leaves, flowers, ice cream cone shapes, etc.)
The ice cream shop is also great! They have a friendly staff and a large selection of ice cream and toppings. They also sell cookies, ice cream sandwiches, and other goodies. 
Local gem!Hennessy Cupcakes:
The staff at Bredenbeck's did great on the project of making the cupcakes. I got the indication it was something they had never done before and they nailed it! (please see photos)
I had a great experience with the staff. They were friendly and very much up for the challenge. 
The cupcakes looked great and tasted even better!Amazing cakes for special occasions. The walk in bakery also has great cookies, cupcakes, pies and more, with an ice cream shop attached!My family and I have been buying our birthday cakes here for 30 years. The bakery is always fresh and filled with anything you could possibly want, including ice-cream. A nice, family- owned bakery feelingVery upset! I went to Bredenbecks after reading a few of the reviews online in hopes of ordering a cake for my mothers SUPRISE birthday party. I originally bought a few cupcakes and had family and friends taste them to see if they liked them, including my mother who didn't realize that what she was tasting was a sample of her birthday cake. I went to the bakery a week later got more cupcakes in a different flavor and a tart, they were great, so I went back and ordered a half VANILLA sheet cake, cupcakes and got a carrot cake, I spent a lot of money in hopes of giving my mother a great birthday. The day before, Friday May 25th I actually called the bakery to confirm my order, I should've known something would go wrong when I picked up the cake the day of the party and the cake was the wrong color, instead of pink it was orange, fine, they could fix it, it took longer than I expected but I get my cakes, the young lady helps me to my car and I'm on my way. Later that evening we decided to cut the cake, its was HORRIBLE, it was NOT WHAT I ORDERED, to me it tasted like a horribly dense, stiff and stale pound cake, it wasn't edible and it wasn't what I was expecting. I have contacted the bakery, spoken to the manager and I'm waiting for a call from the owner. I will update after speaking to the owner. 
S/N: I have noticed a few reviews of people complaining about inconsistencies and even one from another reviewer saying that their cake was also not what they ordered. They ruined my mothers birthday party in all honesty, I had over 50 people and no one enjoyed the cake.
Update: I wanted to update this review, I did receive a refund for my cake which is what should be expected of a business if they provide a bad product and I also received a note from who I believe to be the owner, I asked them to contact me and they still haven't gotten in touch. It was my first and last time buying anything from them though so all is well.
Good service is everything!Oh Bredenbeck's, how I love you.  From the cookies, to the brownies, to the cupcakes, to the ice cream, I love this place.  So glad spring is here so I can get some of there delicious sundaes and ice cream sandwiches again!  Such a great spot to take a walk to in the summer and pick up some sweet treats as my fiance likes to say.
My favorite thing here is by far the cupcake selection.  They have about a dozen different cupcakes and each one is absolutely scrumptious.  My usual is the red velvet, but the turtle cupcake is pretty great as well. 
So much here I have left to try, but of all the things I have tried here, I've never been let down.  If you're on the Ave this spring or summer, stop in and check it out.  I'll probably see ya there!I had my mom's 85th birthday at Paris Bistro this past Sunday, and ordered the chocolate chip layer cake with buttercream icing, with the birthday greeting done in dark chocolate -- OMG! So unbelievable! The cake and icing were so delicious, they reminded me of Hesh's choc chip cakes with buttercream icing, but if at all possible - even better! The cake was decorated incredibly! Call Bredenbeck's for any special cake needs--you will be thrilled you did, as will your guests! - RochelleOrdered a specialty cake for my daughter's birthday and it was perfect! The cake was beautifully made and tasted delicious. The bakery staff was friendly, helpful and responsive.The ice cream in the cone was extremely good, but the cake cone was stale and rancid.  I called to report it and the  person who answered the call tasted one and agreed and said they were stale.   Now I'm worrying whether or not I'll get sick from eating it.  I thought it was some kind of fancy flavoring in the cone, but it was pure horrific stuff.    A place with this reputation and this degree of turnover cannot allow this to happen.   And I wouldn't even been writing if they had said they were sorry.   I hope this doesn't happen to anyone else.   ThanksI purchased a rustic naked cake for my friend's bridal shower this past weekend and couldn't have been happier with the result. First of all--ridiculously adorable location on the main strip in Chestnut Hill. The store can't hold more than 10 patrons packed closely together but it's lined with cases of the MOST delicious looking cupcakes, cookies, pastries, and pies imaginable. I should have bought everything there.
The main reason I ordered the cake from here was because it was one of the only places in the area that would take my order and turn it around in less than two weeks. They knew exactly what I wanted and produced a cake for 15 people, two tiers with vanilla and raspberry filling. They told me to buy my own berries to garnish the cake and gave me two extra bags of icing to do extra piping the day of. All of it came to $111 and took 10 minutes to pick up.
Everyone loved the cake-tasted like a pound cake and the filling was so perfect. My friend had a similar experience with her wedding cake-perfect experience. Can't wait to come back here and pick up some cupcakes!!We had Bredenbeck's make our wedding cakes (chocolate poundcake and raspberry swirl poundcake) as part of a package with Valley Green Inn. The design and flavor exceeded expectations. The cakes looked and tasted AMAZING! They were so good that, as the married couple, we didn't even get a piece! It was all gone by the time we went to get some. Highly recommended!!! My only complaint (one star off) is that there was not enough of it! We had a party of about 70 adults and it maybe fed 50 people (with relatively small sized pieces). The wedding cake boxes turned out to be a waste of money.Waited too long to visit this establishment. The ice cream sundae I chose had the perfect amount of everything! A little pricey but worth it! We went to the bakery next door and took home a few cupcakes, a butter cake and a couple tarts. Yet again, pricey but those bakery items were devoured. I highly recommend the fruit tart, salted caramel dark chocolate tart and the strawberry champagne cupcake was heavenly! We will definitely return!Ordered a full sheet cake for my boyfriend's surprise 25th birthday party and was absolutely blown away by what I got! The woman I ordered from was nice and focused and extremely accommodating. She listened and understood, as I was very specific about the icing colors and print size. The cake itself was not only spectacularly decorated but really delicious. It was the absolute perfect addition to the party and I received multiple compliments on it and inquires about where it was ordered from by party-goers. I highly recommend ordering the vanilla sheet cake and can't wait to get the next one for my next event.This bakery in Chestnut Hill has a great reputation so I went there yesterday (Saturday) to purchase a cupcake. They all looked beautiful. I chose a chocolate cupcake with a luscious-looking topping and a peanut butter cupcake. I looked forward to enjoying them. Unfortunately, the chocolate cupcake had an extremely dry chocolate chip cake (talking desert dry) and the topping was all fluff and no flavor. The peanut butter iced cupcake with chocolate cake was somewhat moister with much more flavor--the only reason I gave two stars. I was really disappointed with a $4.25 cupcake!I ordered a cake and cupcakes for my baby shower and I was absolutely blown away by how gorgeous they turned out! To start from the beginning, I ordered my cake and cupcakes form Bredenbeck's two weeks in advanced as per advice on their FAQ page. I inquired via email and Emily was gracious enough to respond very quickly. From then on I worked with her in regards to the flavors and what cake would work best for the design I want. I also sent them a Pinterest picture of the cake I wanted and my cake ended being even more beautiful than the picture is sent them!!! And the cupcakes were just as beautiful! They made sure it matched my cake perfectly. Not only are they aesthetically pleasing to the eye but also to the palette! So delicious! I am sooooo happy and impressed. All the guests at my shower were so impressed by the cake and cupcakes! Will never go to any other bakery for my cakes. Thank so much!This is an excellent old-school ice-cream parlor, with a plethora of special flavors; e.g., Phillies Grand Slam, which had graham cracker, marshmallow, and chocolate chunks mixed in. Everything tasted very fresh; not too sweet, and creamy like it should be.
A "single-scoop" cone is actually huge, taking the concept of "hand-packed" to the next level.I have only one experience here.  I bought several dozen cupcakes of several different flavors for my husband's 30th birthday.  The combination of flavors were AHH-mazing!  (Guinness cupcakes?  yes, please!)  They were a huge hit and very beautiful, too.  My only complaint is that the cake part of the cupcakes was a little dry for my tastes, but I am not a huge cake lover.  The supposed pound cake cupcakes did not taste like pound cake at all.  They were very yummy, but not the pound cake density that I expected.Fantastic. The only reason I didn't give five stars is for price. Its average for bakeries in neighborhoods and shipping areasI love this bakery ! Ever since I was little and still to this day this is the only bakery I buy baked goods from. ! The cakes and ice cream and cookies everything is soooo good and made with love! Every time my birthday rolls around I always get a cake from here . And the location is great as well. The service is amazing, I just absolutely love this place!The ice cream here is really tasty. My favorite so far is the raspberry/cashew- it's delicious. Cute place on a cute street. I'm looking forward to trying their other bakery items.Let me start by saying I only got the chocolate chip cookies and the pumpkin donut, which *may* not be enough for a full review. That being said, both desserts (especially the cookies!!) were underwhelming. They were just lacking in flavor, texture, everything. The cookies actually reminded me of stale Chips Ahoy with those depressing little chocolate chips. The donut was more like the texture of a muffin, but not a good kind, more like the dusty kind that just crumbled apart.
The service was fast, and the prices were good. The cupcakes looked way more appealing, so I may have to give them a second chance; but even the sternest cookie or donut craving will not drive me back to Bredenbeck's.Bredenbeck's is absolutely amazing.  We have used them for countless family parties, weddings, bridal/baby showers and they never disappoint.  Most recently, I ordered macaroons for a bridal shower. They were an absolute hit.  I was able to order any color/flavor combination imaginable, we went with pink/ivory lavender/buttercreme flavored.  I couldn't even count how many people came up to ask where they were from.  Eveything is beautifully done, delicious, and people that work there are not only incredibly talented but helpful, kind and friendly.  I will, and have before, go out of my way to have my dessert orders placed with Bredenbecks.  Trust me, don't go anywhere else when it comes to ice cream/cake/cupcakes/cookies/pastries!I was holding a 70th birthday party for my mom and this place came recommended from the  venue I was hosting the party.  I was told they had the best pound cake in town.  In fact, the pound cake was good however, they didn't put the right frosting (asked for buttercream, got regular suger frosting) or decorate the cake as I asked.  In addition, trying to coordinate and finalize the cake was a hassle.  I placed the order via the web, emails back and forth over a 2 week period, spoke to a couple people who didn't seem to talk to each other.  Anyway, it was just ok, worth the hassle and the mistakes?  meh,  not so much.   I really prefer to support local establishments but when you make it so difficult than just going to Wegmans and ordering without a hassle it makes it difficult!Jake from Bredenbeck's was a pleasure to work with. The bakery was able to ensure almond extract was not part of any of our wedding spread to accommodate a family member's allergy. Moreover, they were able to accommodate a gluten allergy with some special items that our GF guests loved. Wedding guests from all over the country are still raving months later about the outstanding quality of the pies, cakes, cookies and other treats. Our only mistake was not sending everyone home with a care package from the bakery. They were simply the best.I would suggest you NEVER use this bakery. We had an important event we ordered a custom cake for and when we got there, the cake was not even started. They said they could get the cake done w/i 2 hours we had before the party. What they delivered us was NOTHING like we ordered. They never called us to say they could not get it done, they just delivered us a cake that was not even on par with a grocery store cake and they never called us to say they could not do what they wanted. They just did a hideous cake and brought it to us and thought it would suffice. This was for a very special event which I'm so embarrassed to show up with this horrible cakeA few days ago, visiting the area for Labor Day, I borrowed my brothers car to go on a drive to this little Victorian building.  I ordered a Rum Raisin in a sugar cone and walked out in instant elation.  You did, it Bredenbeck's!  You were open, laboring on labor day, and the love was not lost.  
OH man, the thrill of this Victorian ice cream gallery.  There are stenciled walls, fresh strawberry topping, various spectacular cone choices.  I have been going to this ice cream store as long as I have been an American Ice Cream Championess: that makes twenty four years, now.  Their branding of ice cream changes (Hershey's, H.D., Breyers, and now Bassett's, I believe). They really do ice cream temperature well. The prices are always enough for people to comment about Chestnut Hill, and they didn't have pretzel cones, which is really... substantial. 
 I recommend a trip out to this place if you are looking for an afternoon of window shopping, antique-ing, or just an ice cream guarantee.We used Bredenbeck's last weekend for our daughter's first birthday. I emailed a copy of the invitation plus a few pictures of cakes I sort of liked. The decorators managed to pull my scattered ideas together and create a beautiful cake. We were thrilled with the way the cake looked and it was delicious as well. Will definitely be using again!I recieved a half dozen chocolate cupcakes from my friend for my birthday. They were very cute, colorful and oh so delicious. Loved them!! \^_^/Bredenbeck's has always done a great job with the different character cakes we've ordered for our son over the years. This year the Star Wars BB-8 cake they did for us was out of this world and from a galaxy far, far away! Great design and delicious. Great customer service too!
We love Bredenbeck's cakes... and their ice cream too!Forget those fancy South Philly bakeries!  Bredenbecks products are just as good!  
Got a cake from Bredenbecks for my nieces 1st birthday party.  We expected something nice, but what we got was extraordinary.  They were more than happy to coordinate the cake colors with the color scheme of her party.  
Everyone at the party commented on how beautiful it was.  And then, when we finally cut and served it, people couldn't stop talking about how delicious it was.  The cake was soft and buttery.  The icing wasn't overly sweet and fake, like some supermarket cakes.
We'll be using Bredenbecks for all our pastry needs!We ordered a gluten free vanilla cake with buttercream icing for our wedding. My husband has celiac's and we couldn't have gluten at the wedding. They did an amazing job. The cake was beautiful and it was absolutely delicious! All of our guests said they had no idea it was gluten free and it was delicious, which in gluten free dining is a resounding endorsement!super crowded saturday night ...line out the door of the tiny place.
we were in line with the rest of the population for ice cream.  it was really good.  
it was unclear whether they took credit/debit as there was no signage as to yay or nay.  we went to pay with debit and they brought out an abacus.  its not a deal breaker but a smart phone and square is far more efficient and shows you're interested in joining the 21st century.
prob would opt out next walk-by...Hi my name is Bobbie, in 2005 I adopted my 5 foster daughters and my family was having a welcome to the family bowling party at Erie Bowling and I was getting the cake and you donated the cake to my daughters to welcome them to the family. I have been ordering from Bredenbeck's every since I was a little girl, my mother always ordered from breadback's when my son Chris was little I ordered from bredenbecks and I still do. I just wanted to say THANK YOU FOR MAKING MY DAUGHTERS FEEL WELCOME and making their transition easy.  Thank You!!!!!!!!
Bobbie
(Chris's Mom)Sitting at work planning a surprise dinner for my mom who happens to be a big time Mahjong player and it dawned on me, why not get a cake in the tradition of her favorite game? I ask around and the response was the same: BREDENBECK'S. They made an amazing Almond pound cake in the shape of a Mahjong tile!!!! It was delicious! Gone in one day! Thank you Bredenbeck'sWe got our grooms cake here yesterday and we absolutely loved it! They did exactly what I envisioned! The cake was awesome, pumpkin pound with cream cheese frosting. The cake was truly one of the highlights of our rehearsal dinner!!The strawberry shortcake was delicious a bit pricey but good. We saw the show sinful sweets and since we were driving down to philly, we figure we make a pit stop to get cake for the kids and adults. I checked in on the yelp app, got a free chocolate cup cake!
Nice little shop in German townWe enjoyed the most delicious cake this weekend for my daughter's Bat Mitzvah!  Not only was it fun and beautifully decorated, but it tasted amazing!  Everyone was raving about the cake!  Thank you so much!At the very last minute, my boyfriend made it known that he wanted a cake for his birthday. There was a catch, though: it would have to be a sugar-free cake. I was familiar with Bredenbecks in passing, but had never gone myself. I called and found that they would be able to accommodate my last-minute request in a 48-hour window. -- and on a holiday weekend, at that. They were super friendly and took special care to ask if there were any personalized details I wanted to add. 
I've never had a sugar-free cake before (I didn't even know they existed), but just tried a tiny piece and I swear I wouldn't have known the difference. Amazing service, quality product. Will definitely return!Just ok. Being a cupcake snob I felt they were just ok. Red velvet was died chocolate cake . (Disappointed)I live down the street from Bredenbeck's, in Chestnut Hill, and I absolutely love it.  It is my go-to place for something sweet to eat, and I always take my guests there.  
Most recently I asked them to design a cake for a baby shower I just hosted this past Saturday.  I expected something wonderful from them, as I've seen their work already, but they really were a joy to work with and the end result was even better than I had hoped for.  Everyone I spoke with and emailed with, about the cake, were so kind and helpful.  They gave me advice concerning icing choices, since I needed to drive three hours with the cake to the party, and they were really great about getting back to me whenever I had a question.  
We decided on a chocolate chip pound cake with the raspberry puree in the middle, a buttercream icing, and a giraffe theme.  It was perfect, and everyone at the party was stunned with how beautiful and delicious it was.  The mama-to-be was delighted, too, which was the best part!  
I have another big party coming up in about a year, and I will definitely be going to Bredenbeck's Bakery to get it made.  There is no better bakery around!The cake I ordered was not the cake I received. I was upset, and told Owner but she dismissed my concerns and seemed to care less.This place smells so good! Anything with the icing is great! The icing is like cheap,grocery store frosting--but beyond that!  This is not an insult! It is  sweet and just has that great taste that is addictive! Poundcake with icing-all flavors is so good--and asst cookies by the pound is great. Space is small and many customers don't understand about personal space but the FROSTING ROCKS. Oh yeah- they have ice cream. I would rather have a cone of frosting!!!!Walked up to Brendenbeck's after dinner at a friends. This place is small, but packed with yum-o-ness!  Loved the Margarita cupcakes, as well as the red velvet cupcakes. There is also a ice cream shoppe next door to it, that I believe is also  brendenbeck 's that has some jammin good sundaes!  I am constantly bugging my friend who lives in Chestnut Hill to bring me cupcakes when he comes to visit my husband.  I am glad in a way I live a distance from Chestnut Hill, for fear of becoming a daily patron. Just sayin'MY FAVORITE BAKERY!!
I ordered a cake for my birthday at Brendenbeck's and not only was it incredibly beautiful it was absolutely delicious and everyone enjoyed it soooooo much!!! Thank you Brendenbeck's staff and bakers!!!!!!!Surprisingly, the cupcakes are just ok. A bit dry. I enjoyed mine more than my 12 year old son. But he's admittedly not much of cake eater. What we went for was the ice cream. Simple hard scooped and DELICIOUS.  We had a Groupon, which can be some-timey at some places. But the young lady was very nice and accommodating. The place is small and can get crowded easily, but everyone is always nice.I decided to try this bakery. I ordered a fondant birthday cake from here. It was decorated very nicely & very close to the picture. However the cake itself (pound cake) was super dry and tasted like it was frozen initially. The cake also didn't have the filling I ordered. I've purchased similar cakes from other establishments & I've gotten two tier cakes for the price of the small 9" here. The woman I spoke to was nice & sent me a gift card for the mistakeWe have now ordered two cakes from Bredenbeck's. Both times not only were they incredible looking, but they tasted amazing. If you have a special occasion, I can't recommend them enough.
The entire staff is very courteous and takes the time to make sure you get exactly what you are looking for. If I ever need another custom designed cake this will be who I go to.Absolutely the best for wedding cakes (and other goodies!)! They did an awesome job for my best friend! The icing was perfect! Cake nice and moist! Five stars all the way!!i dont know why this place is so loved. dont get me wrong, their cakes LOOK amazing but i've tasted much better. once and only once they made a buttercream icing cake that was delicious but about 6 other times their cakes were dry. ugh dry.
so there you have it!
never had their ice cream, thoughTo say I'm dissatisfied with Bredenbecks would be kind! I am really really p.o. At them..they ruined what would have been the perfect Wedding day for my daughter! The cake we got was absolutely not the cake we discussed! We showed her pictures went over what was important in the picture and what wasn't..when my daughter walked into the room of her reception the first thing she said was "where is the cake."having already seen it I was reluctant to show her..when she saw it her face fell said "that's  not my cake is this a joke it looks like a baby shower cake" make them get it out of here!" which they promptly did! I spoke to people at the bakery and they came up with different excuses..they told me it took 8 hours to make a decoration on the cake .. I told them she told you don't worry about the decoration the shape was what was important! What we got was a plain layer cake with a few flowers on it. What makes it worse was we went to several bakeries before them who were sure they could recreate the cake in our photo, but my daughter liked the woman so much at Bredenbecks we went with them! Totally messed up! We had no special cake cutting. She was so excited to see the cake and soooo disappointed when she saw it..I felt so bad for her! Needless to say the whole thing has left me furious with this place!!! Really no stars but they made me give one!!!Yesterday we were hosting my best friend and her husband (new yorkers) for dinner. I had been planning on baking an apple pie all day, and despite the "extra hour" b/c of daylight savings ... the day still seemed to slip away from me.  At around 5:30 I realized that slicing apples and adding the spices just wasn't in the works, sooooo I hopped in my car in pursuit of something sweet, tasty and croon-worthy.  
To be honest, I was heading to Cake, but didn't realize that they weren't open for dinner on Sundays.  I was just getting to the point of desperation, when I noticed a customer prancing out of Bredenbeck's w/ baked goods in hand!  Perfect!!! I popped in and grabbed a strawberry shortcake square, a slice of the chocolate cheesecake and a chocolate / peanut butter cupcake!  At just over $11, it was totally worth it.  Everyone enjoyed the array of desserts... So next time I don't feel like playing Martha Stewart, I will definitely pay Bredenbeck's Bakery another visit ...My daughter was so happy with her birthday cake. The design came out beautiful and the cake was by far one of the most delicious we've ever tested. Thank you!!We ordered two special birthday cakes for this past Sunday. One was a fairly unknown video game character for my 11 year old son and one was a Rolling Stones lips logo for a friend's 50th birthday. Both cakes turned out even better than expected! They were beautiful and tasted rich, moist and delicious-as always Bredenbecks never disappoints!! The staff was really great to work with when I ordered them as well.  I think we may just order a Rolling Stones cake every year, it was the hit of the party. We LOVE Bredenbecks!I really really like this place......BUT I just ran there and they are NOT OPEN ON MONDAY!!!!  Terrible that their website states that they are, just wasted an hour of my time.solidly tasty baked goods on one side, and a good selection of ice cream on the other side.  cramped quarters and sometimes frazzled service leaves something to be desired, but everyone is friendly and well-meaning.My son and I go here for ice cream about once a week; the staff is always friendly and attentive (and smiling!). The ice cream (mainly Bassetts) is of the highest quality with a good selection of flavors. The toppings and other choices and excellent. Sitting on a wooden bench licking a dripping cone in the charming cobblestoned setting can't be beat. Plus, they take debit and credit card ;)I would have given 6 out of 5 stars! 
Bredenbecks sat down with us for a tasting and designed our daughter's Bat Mitzvah cake with her. She was so excited to have so much input, but the designer, Jessica, was fantastic! When we saw the cake for the first time the night of the event we were blown away! It was more amazing that we could have imagined. Our guests were blown away by the appearance, but by the taste too! I'm still getting calls as to where it was from! From the inside out...Bredenbecks...it was incredible!I recently wandered into Bredebeck's while strolling through Chestnut Hill on a weekday. I was craving something sweet and cherry flavored. When I walked into the bakery, my nostrils were delightfully greeted with the sweet smell of freshly baked pastries and ice cream. As I glanced over the wide counter full of delectable delights, I zeroed in on a cherry knot - sweet, delicately glazed pastry dough that hugged a cherry-filled interior. The man behind the counter was so friendly and helpful. As he described other treats that I pointed out, I found myself filling a box with cupcakes as well. And oh- if you 'check in' here you get a free cupcake :)
Highly recommended!Anniversaries, birthdays and hopefully a renewal of vows. This place has it all and a little ice cream parlor on the side. Man I wish I lived in Chestnut Hill again. 
The nicest staff and one of the nicest owners I've ever met. A Philadelphia staple. If you're in Philly this is a must place to visit. The neighborhood is great the cakes taste and look awesome. When I have a sweet tooth I'd wait it out to come here. I highly recommend this place.Delish. Get the cinnamon rolls with icing in the morning. Only draw back is ice cream hours aren't very late.I guess I'm the odd wo-man out here. I'm a sweet treat kind of person. So if I walk past a local place that's dishing up ice cream, it's inevitable I'm stopping in. I did "check in" via Yelp when I was here, and was prompted to get a free cupcake. I didn't utilize it though. I wanted ice cream! I popped into the ice cream door and the bakery door, just to see what it was all about. Place is small, but cute. I was hoping for more exciting ice cream flavors, but I won't hate on them for having the basics. A few things had some strange names and upon asking the kid at the counter what they were, he seemed kind of annoyed (and annoyed at the child also asking questions in front of me). I don't give people a hard time though. When I see a bunch of youngsters working in a place, I'm not expecting stellar service. I glanced over the cookies and such to see if there was anything I'd want to try, but nothing really looked over-the-top amazing. I also heard an older woman complaining to the counter kids how terrible some of their stuff looked. I let it go. I wasn't there for cakes. I ordered peanut butter ice cream. One single scoop put me out a little over $4.00, which I think is a little nuts. It's Bassett's Ice Cream, so it's not made there, though made in Philadelphia. It was good. Creamy. Lots of peanut butter. I don't feel as if it was worth the price or the off-putting customer service.Just left a wedding cake tasting with Bredenbecks and was blown away. We worked with Jacob (if any other brides go there I would ask for him he was absolutely wonderful). He was engaging, accommodating, flexible, had great ideas, and was a pleasure to work with. We had a cake tasting with a different Baker the day before this one, and it was NO comparison, Bredenbecks was much more impressive. The set up for the different cakes with the icings on the side was great and he had tons of photos of ideas for us. I will be recommending them to all of my friends and clients who are getting cakes!Love their Linzer Tarts!  Everytime I am in town, I pick them up!  Haven't changed them in 20 years!I ordered a 2 tier chocolate chip cake with buttercream icing for a friend's baby shower. It came out absolutely adorable! Everyone loved it, especially the mom to be! I showed them 2 pictures and explained what I wanted from each, and they did exactly what I asked.
 The staff was very nice and very helpful. The girl even carried the cake to my car for me. I also got some ice cream for the ride home.. delicious! 
 I got married 4 years ago and used Lochels Bakery for my wedding cake. They are fairly close in area but DO NOT compare in taste or decorating. I wish I would have known then about Bredenbecks! 
 If you're looking for any type of cake or cupcake this is definitely the place to go. I would highly recommend to anyone.Staff was exceptional at helping me surprise my wife with a piñata cake for her birthday party on Cinco de Mayo. Everyone at the party raved about the cake and loved watching my wife cut it, revealing the m&m minis and sprinkles stuffed inside. Not only was the presentation outstanding but the cake was the best we have ever tasted!I absolutely, positively loveeee this bakery. Everything is fresh, sweet and delicious! I am particularly in love with their cupcakes. Every holiday and birthday, I get at least three of their sunflower cupcakes made with oreos and cookies and creme icing (YUM) and three of their sprinkled cupcakes. My brother loves their cannolis. 
If anyone lives around Germantown Ave. or happens to be passing by sometime soon, definitely make an effort to visit. It'll be worth the trip!I recently ordered a birthday cake from  Bredenbeck's  which was supposed to be ready at 7:00am. I arrived at 8:00am, thinking the cake would be complete.  It was not ready and I had to wait 20 minutes for them to get the cake ready.  I specifically stated that I only wanted balloons on the cake!  It is presented to me with candy confetti on the cake, definitely not a cake for an adult and it looked like it came from Shoprite or some other supermarket.  When you go to a bakery, you don't want a super market cake.  I had no time to wait for the cake to be fixed.  The clerk stated they could brush the confetti off.  Of course the owner was not there.
I called when the owner was there, she did not want to speak with me and I was told by another associate they would send me a credit for the error.  Never received.
Needless to say I have bought many cakes from this establishment and have not always been happy with the service or the baking.  The cakes are not consistent.  I had never complained after 12 years of patronizing this business.  Needless to say I'm complaining now and they have lost a customer they could have kept if their service was not so poor.  I really would like to give them a zero!
Disgruntled customerMy husband and I got our wedding cake from Bredenbeck's Bakery; our cake was absolutely beautiful and delicious. At our tasting, we were given a variety of flavors to try. They did such a great job listening to what we wanted for our design. When I saw it on the day of the wedding, I was in awe of how they took my vision and made it real. Our guest loved the cake and thought it was just as delicious as we did during our tasting!
Along with getting our wedding cake there, we always made sure to stop by the bakery when we were in Chestnut Hill to deal with wedding planning. All of the desserts and ice cream are delicious. My favorite is their fruit tarts. It is a must stop shop in Chestnut Hill for a sweet treat.Our cake was really wonderful!! It was great and tasted even better.  I never received so many compliments on how good it was.  We had chocolate chip and pumpkin pound.  Just a beautiful job.  It was exactly what I wanted.   I still have some slices in my refrigerator....tucked it away.  The best pound cake in the area for miles......the buttercream icing was fabulous.   Try the pumpkin pie.....one of the best I ever tasted.
Karen KWow! What a fabulous cake they made for my son's magical themed birthday party!  It was better than I was expecting and very impressive! Such talented bakers and skilled artists!  Highly recommend.Was planning a suprise baby shower for my fiance and soon to be first born. Contacted Shannon through their email provided on their website. Gave her some pictures and told her exactly what I was looking for regarding the cake. I can't tell you how appreciative I was when I first saw it! The level of detail and specifications to what I gave them was spot on. It was such an incredible piece of art, I didn't want to cut it! But of course we did and wow it was delicious! It was the perfect topping to a special moment in life. Can't Thank them enough!Amazing bakery. everything is delicious and staff are very sweet. we got our wedding cake from here and could not have been happier.Was able to place an order at 11 to be picked up at 4 which was amazing! The frosting tastes super good as does the cake. Only thing was I wish the cake had a lot more filling. Filling was pretty minimal.. But I will still return and just make sure I ask for extra filling. Woman who helped me was VERY nice and helpful and was concerned about making my cake wish a reality. Glad I went to this place and found them on Yelp. It was a 45 minute drive to get here but worth it. Thank you my mother loved the cake!Charming, but I found the icing on my cake to be a little stale. The prices were definately too high.  I'm willing to give it another try, though I'm not willing to spend precious gas money to drive there.Bredenbeck's made an amazing amazing birthday cake for our daughter's first birthday party.  They changed the number of servings last minute and were able to design the cake exactly like the picture I showed them.  The cake was a vanilla pound with lemon curd filling, and people are still talking about how delicious it was!  They also on the day of the party made a beautiful smash cake as a last minute order.  These guys really are phenomenal!  Thank you!The cupcakes were just okay. Two lemon, one margarita, and on vanilla. The cake was cold and hard. Maybe let them warm up to room temp first. 
The icing was very dense. Would have preferred a light whipped topping.Discovered Bredenbeck's inadvertently while on Germantown Avenue yesterday. I ordered a slice of strawberry shortcake, red velvet cupcake, brownies and pound cake slices. The frosting is TERRIBLE. The creamed cheese frosting was stiff and taste more like paste. Red Velvet and shortbread cake lacked moisture and taste very artificial. Brownies were also TERRIBLE. Of the samplers I purchased the aforementioned were inedible. The pound cake was just ok. Had better from Entemans. I will not return to Bredenbecks. I've had better baked goods from local grocery chains. Very disappointing.Bredenbecks has a nostalgic place in my heart as I have many memories of coming here as a child. 25 years later the mint chocolate chip ice cream still tastes the same, so do the sugar cookies. Still delicious!!!! Consistently yummy :)Thank you so much for my sons BEAUTIFUL SnapBack cake!
You guys ALWAYS do a great job.... But what ever I imagine the cake to look like- you guys ALWAYS exceed my expectations!!!! 
The hat was perfect! My son was speechless! He loved it.... And the "SnapBack" detail on the back of the hat was awesome. And the cake was delicious.... Moist and decadent!
Again, thanks so much!  Brendenbecks is the best bakery in Philadelphia!!!  
RoslynDelicious! My sister and I went with the apple tart and the irish cream cupcake. The cupcake was pretty good, but the apple tart was fantastic. Their staff was also patient and helpful. I wish I could have made another stop before I went back to Texas!In search of a wedding cake, a friend suggested a few places in the area.  We decided to get a few items from each place and try on our own vs. a formal tasting.
Don't let the size of this place fool you-wow!
From the cupcakes, pound cakes, chocolate filled croissants, petit fors, and a butter cake that will not disappoint by any means. 
The young lady assisting was terrific and filled our box with cakes that were all winners.  We didn't try the ice cream/sorbet, which looked delicious, but that's our next trip.
We're told cake tastings are complimentary, but we won't need one.  We're sold!Our wedding cake was from Bredenbeck's (part of the package deal at the Valley Green Inn) and it was delicious. We had the raspberry cake with vanilla buttercream frosting. It was delicious and they executed the floral design that I wanted perfectly. All our guests commented on how lovely and yummy the cake was! And they give you a small free cake on your 1-year wedding anniversary! How do you beat that?!We ordered two cakes for a joint birthday party. One was Elmos face and the other one a horse.
Though the horse was made into a horse head (for which they gave us a discount ) , we loved the colors on the cake. 
The horse was pink with beautiful blue hair and glitter. Very well done without any instructions at all! 
We can totally trust the cake design and the taste!
Will order again next year!I've been to this bakery twice now. The first visit was okay. My boyfriend and I each got one cupcake. I got the strawberry champagne and I can't remember the name of the other one but it's in the picture I provided so you can see. I believe it was some sort of chocolate flavor. The cupcakes were a little dry for our preference, but the frosting and other toppings made up for it. 
We came back here a second time and were more satisfied than the first. This time we got a slice of carrot cake and an eclair. The carrot cake was a nice surprise because they incorporated cheese cake into it. I've never had that combo before. If you're looking for a decadent dessert, I recommend both the eclair and carrot cake. 
They also have an ice cream parlor next door. I haven't been yet, but I'll be back to try it. This place is in a really cute neighborhood as well so you can walk and check out the shops nearby.Bredenbeck's went above and beyond creating our baby shower creation!  All who attended were amazed at the Cake as well as danish, etc.Limoncello cupcake runaway with me then get in my belly and avoid staying on the thighs. Can you say sugar rush? I just had half a cupcake and some ice cream (Jillian Michaels forgive me but a woman on day 25 of your 30 day shred deserves a cupcake honey). We were on the avenue, Germantown that is, on this beautiful day and decided to walk down to Bredenbecks. As soon as we walked in the employees greeted us with genuine smiles and asked to help us right away. I had a few really random inquiries about wedding cakes and one of the employees signed me up for an appointment to discuss on the spot. Pretty awesome if you ask me! And I have to mention that even though we came in a half hour before closing, the employees didn't make us feel rushed in that "hurry up and order you half hour before closing customers" way. 5/5 for taste and service. Make sure you check-in for a free cupcake offer :)I knew better than to go here after leaving the gym. Oh well, I'll try harder next time. LOL. Cute little spot though.LEMON POUND CAKE! Get it, simple as that. I prefer the kind without the icing and then I just throw on some fresh berries and fresh whipped cream, DELISH!My husband and I try to be healthy by taking walks around the neighborhood in the evenings. Unfortunately, we always wind up walking to Bredenbeck's for ice cream (summer) or cookies (winter). If this place didn't offer such sweet delectables, I probably would've already lost those 10 lbs I've been working on!!!
This is the perfect place to buy treats that will impress for any occasion. For a holiday party one year, we brought one of their yule log cakes and it was quickly encircled by cell phone cameras and drooling partygoers. On another occasion, I bought some assorted cookies which were devoured within seconds of removing the string from the box! This place is definitely more expensive than your grocery store bakery, but I highly recommend them to satisfy your sweet tooth.My wife and I used Brendenbeck's for our wedding this summer and we were absolutely thrilled. We had a fantastic cake tasting and consultation at the bakery. We had a lot of requests as far as the getting detailed designs on each tier of our cake without using flashy decorative items and they were able to do that for us. Our cake was buttercream frosted with pound cake, chocolate chip, and funfetti layers. It was excellent. We're still eating the leftovers and it tastes great a month later. They also delivered our cake straight to our venue right on time. They are total professionals. One last bonus, they make anniversary cakes for newlyweds! Can't wait for our cake in a year!This is a wonderful bakery. They made my cake for my wedding, and not only was it beautiful and exactly what I asked for, but it was delicious both the day of and even many days after. The process was also seamless and professional.Bredenbeck's has been our go to place for all things cake.  
We chose Bredenbeck's to do our wedding cake and from the moment we had our tasting onwards, I knew this place was going to be part of our family's milestones.  I ordered a groom's cake for our rehearsal dinner that was in the shape of a wine bottle.  Our wedding cake was outstanding - our guests raved about it!  We were able to choose several different flavors of cake for different layers.  Birthdays are more fun with Bredenbeck's too!!
When it came time for our baby reveal, Bredenbeck's was there to bake a cake with the baby's gender noted in the icing - it was BLUE!!!  And at baby's first birthday party - let's just say he had a SMASHing time :)
Thank you Bredenbeck's for being part of our family's traditions!  Hope to see a Bredenbeck's cake again soon!!I've had the cake here before I can't recall the taste.
But  my second visit I came for Iced cream. And I was happy to learn that they can add a cupcake to my ice cream.
So I had a chocolate cupcake (cut into half). One half created the base, then I added ice cream of my choice..then top with the other half of the cupcake. top it all with whipped cream. YUMMMY.
The had ample interesting flavors. I didn't really try any because Iwasn't in the "trying" mood so I just picked one and went with it. I can't recall the name but it was delicious.Definitely recommend this place! My family orders every birthday cake from here. Great service! We have a few pure vegetarians (they don't eat egg) in my family and Bredenbeck's was so helpful! They had never made an eggless cake, but they made one for us. It was so good! Since then, we have ordered many eggless cakes, as well as those with egg. You can't go wrong ordering a birthday cake from here. The everyday bakery good are great too! The carrot cake cupcakes and sticky buns are amazing!Bredenbeck's is my favorite place to get treats!
Every Fall, I get a caramel apple cupcake here. I know cupcakes have been sort of in for a little while now, but these are delicious, before-the-fad genuine cupcakes.
Their shakes and ice cream are also awesome.
Oh and here's a hot tip: if you are originally from PA Dutch Country, as I am, you should also know that they make fasnachts for Fat Tuesday. YEP.The ice cream is soooo good.  Perfectly creamy, not cloylingly sweet.  Good pace of service.  Definitely brightened my day. Will probably try one of the pound cake sundaes when I return.My husband and I met at Bredenbecks. Of course, our wedding cake was from there. We had two smaller cakes, but the cake from Bredenbecks was the centerpiece of the table. Ours had a custom design that matched the invitations and it was beautiful!!! Of course we had a chocolate  tier and buttercream frosting and saved that delicious, gorgeous cake for last. Oh, cake for 100 people for less than the 7.00 per slice  that other bakeries charge.
Thank you  Bredenbecks!!!I hate Bredenbeck's. I should give this 1 star, now that I really think about it.
It wrecks havoc on my wallet and my belly. They first get you visually. Their little Siren-esque creations lure you from the street with their amazing front window displays and then into the store where you find yourself surrounded by an army of sugary henchmen, all shapes and sizes and colors. These little goodies are waiting for your moment of weakness to pounce.
Once that happens, you have become the fool. You have succumbed to the tasty greatness delivered unto you by their hidden bakery gods. You can only escape by purchasing their wares.
But, once all is said and done, you will be happy and thankful. So go, give in to their confectionary dominance. Let your eyes glaze over (see what I did there?) with delight after eating one of their many delicious trophies. And thus, the 5 stars remain. They always do.We ordered a custom designed cake for our daughter's graduation/going away party recently. The staff is always friendly and helpful.  The cake designs are incredible and they taste delicious.  The art work on the cake matched our request exactly for this very special event. Our guests were amazed and delighted.  We have been and remain very happy Bredenbeck's customers.This review is based on bad service in addition to poor quality. I placed a Large order for a doll cake and cupcakes for my daughters graduation party. I had them (and paid  plenty extra for ) prepare the doll cake in a replication done in fondant of the dress my daughter wore for graduation. I had this done 2 years ago and it was perfect. Well 2 years ago they forgot 2 dozen cupcakes to my order and darn if they didn't do the EXACT same thing again. Shorted me $66 dollars worth of cupcakes. We do not live near by and had to drive all the way back to get them. No apologies.. and the doll cake was such a disappointment..especially after having one done so well 2 years prior. I almost sent it back. It looked amateurish and had purple writing after I ordered EVERYTHING in a red and gold theme.., unbelievable,, ..As we cut into the cake the icing and fondant were loaded on so thick I could barely find the cake. The details were non-existent and it looked as if someone had worked with fondant for the first time. I will never go back. The taste of dried out cake under tons of gross hard as a rock fondant is not worth their price.Usually I love bredenbecks and everything about it but today's service was the worst! It took about 15 minutes for me to get my milkshake and when my cousin requested a strawberry ice cream cone with chocolate jimmies the one worker came out with ice cream without the jimmies but had already charged her. Then had the audacity to say "to get the jimmies I would have to look through the 10 boxes" as if it was our problem. No smiles on anyone's faces (although I know no one wants to work on Black Friday) and why was my milkshake 6.50? Although delicious! I guess I'm just disappointed...We got our wedding cake here: chocolate cake with fresh raspberries sliced between the layers and buttercream icing. Delicious!
It's a teeny space, in an old house kind of building, that I think used to be a sewing shop or something like that. They have rooms up the winding stairs for decorating and tastings, which was fun until we got back downstairs and my mom realized she'd left her glasses on the third floor. They accommodated me, my parents, and my brother and sister all for the tasting. They have really creative ideas, and are more than willing to attempt whatever you can come up with. 
Once we'd figured out what we wanted, they made a little mini cake for us to take home and try out just to make sure (for a moderate price of course). Everyone raved about it at the wedding, both for taste and design =)Chose Bredenbeck's for our wedding cake and they did a superb job on both the cake itself (shaped as jewel-toned pillows piled atop one another) and the groom's cake, which had sculpted animal figures they made from icing. Impressive quality and design. We enjoyed our initial tasting and look forward to the complimentary one-year anniversary cake they make for couples.I don't like leaving bad reviews but I have to on this one.  Cupcakes are tiny, dry and nothing   Over priced and stale.  I spent $20 there today and the pound cake and cupcakes were dry as a bone.Just great! Took an assortment of items to a party. Everyone loved them. Wish they had some gluten free or vegan options, but beyond that no complaints.Bakery nirvana. Without Courtney Love around to mess things up. Seriosuly, everything is awesome here, from the cake boss-style custom cakes (they made one I've seen that looked just like a cheesesteak) to the ice cream and coffee. Take a trip out of your way and stop in here.I came here to pick up a birthday cake for a girlfriend who rants and raves about this place all the time, so my expectations were set high. 
While waiting for the cake to be packaged, I ordered two red velvet cupcakes to-go. As I was paying, I noticed an unsatisfied customer whose cake design didn't turn out the way she wanted (hmmm?). 
So I took the cake home and presented it to my girlfriend. She was very disappointed in the quality of her cake. She ordered from this bakery before, and noticed the quality of her cake did not match the previous ones that were ordered from here. 
The lowdown: It didn't look or taste any different from a cake that can be purchased from a local grocery store. It was supposed to be adorned with designs of elaborate lilies... the end result? I don't even know. I don't mean to be harsh, but I could've created a design that would be more impressive than what was given to us... and I am by no means a baker.
And the red velvet cupcakes were a disappointment. Quite honestly, the cake mix from the box tastes better :(We LOVE the ice cream here.  The only downfall, they don't offer it year round. The staff is friendly and efficient and very good with kids.  I have become a BIG fan of the Phillies Graham Slam and Guatemalan Ripple, my spouse loves his Strawberry Malt, and our son loves anything with Swedish fish. What keeps us coming back? The people and the quality.  Thanks for being consistentThis is a wonderful, amazing bakery. I come here all the time. The bakery storefront is just one side of Bredenbeck's, with cases of pastries, both unique and day-to-day. They have pink lemonade cupcakes and chocolate peanut butter cake truffles, as well as chocolate covered pretzels and croissants. There is also a catering side, which makes delicious miniature confections for parties, and the wedding cake side, which provides gorgeous, inventive, delicious cakes for weddings. The staff is friendly, personable and professional, and over all Bredenbeck's is the quintessential bakery. Love!My wedding cake looked beautiful I didn't want to cut it. The cake was vanilla on vanilla, pink inside to surprise our guests. I think the pink was too bright, i had asked for a soft touch of pink. The frosting is very good, the cake bread is ok--it's like pound cake. It wasn't my favorite but you need a cake that will stand the weight of the tiers. Delivered on time, everything was wonderful.It has been a year since I last took a bite of my wedding cake from Bredenbeck's. I had been to multiple bakeries before selecting this cake. I chose Bredenbeck's because they were the only bakery that could put gold icing on my cake and I requested the entire cake to be in red and gold. It looked spectacular at our reception. After the reception, my MIL wrapped it 20 times with plastic wrap, re-wrapped it with foil 8 times, then shoved it in her freezer for our one year anniversary (today). 
I had been forewarned that year old wedding cake is dry and disgusting and you eat it for tradition. Not Bredenbeck's. Today it tastes as good as it did at the reception. We have already had half of the cake and I shoved it in the fridge to eat more tomorrow. It's amazing! How can it still taste this good?
I think the Seinfeld episode where Elaine eats the Windsor wedding cake had to be inspired by this cake.
By the way, it was chocolate chip pound cake with buttercream icing. It will last forever!They rule! I sent them a picture of a cookie off of etsy that wouldnt be delivered when i needed it. They're gifts for my bridesmaids. They replicated it spot on, actually they made it look even better! Highly recommend!Good, not awesome. We tried two cupcakes: the s'mores and the orange peach. They're pretty sweet (too sweet), and not buttery enough.  The top of the s'mores cupcake is just marshmallow, we were hoping for cream cheese or buttercream frosting.   There are steps to both the bakery and the ice cream area (and you can't get to the bakery from the ice cream side - so annoying).Took the Living Social coupon --- and boy was this worth it.  Our first time going into the shop - so the coupon worked for them.  
So many yummy things to buy.  We got some Valentine's Day cupcakes, some bagels (yes, bagels), some sort of iced bun, and an amazing flat pastry.  It seemed to be butter and cream.  Really good.  
They had a good assortment cakes, cookies, and all sorts of pastries all made in the shop.
We will visit again once we work off these calories.My wedding cake was amazing and exactly what my husband and I ordered. Very easy process, which is a huge plus while wedding planning! Our tasting was a sampling of different cake flavors which you could pair with about 6 different flavors of icing. The person doing the tasting did up a drawing of what we chose as well as the design- I believe she said she was an artist- which was very helpful! Definitely recommend for wedding cakes-our guests enjoyed very much.I am not sure what all the good buzz is about with Bredenbeck's. On the upside, I like the place itself--wooden floors and sort of a small town, comfy/cozy feel--and it's always humming on warm summer evenings, with people lined up to get ice cream. 
But it's a bakery, and that's where it falls short for me. I've had both their cakes and their cookies and wasn't impressed with either. The cookies and cakes were just ok; honestly, they didn't seem better than anything you could get at your local supermarket bakers.Delicious ice cream in the welcoming homey atmosphere. This classic bit of Chestnut Hill charm sits right on the main Germantown road and is down the street from a handful of antique stores. 
The stores peanut butter ice cream may be the best but they also have a special WHYY flavor named in honor of the local NPR affiliate. It features chocolatey pretzels.Very good pound cake.  It's rich and buttery and just delicious.  They also have some cute and tasty cupcakes.  I happen to like the vanilla but there plenty of other options.Great place for Bassett's ice cream in Chestnut Hill! Their little store was packed but the smell of ice cream & baked goods warmed my heart and made my stomach growl! I got chocolate with FRESH whipped cream & my boyfriend got a specialty - strawberry shortcake! Made with fresh strawberries, their pound cake (smelled & tasted like a dream), & whipped cream. Although the service was very slow, creating a super packed store & line out the door, it was worth it in the end. Definitely coming back!If you are imagining cupcakes for your wedding. Go somewhere else!!!
Loved everything about my wedding except our cupcakes from Bredenbeck's. Had a consultation with a member from sales, and after he did his whole spiel about all the wedding cake options we had, I popped his bubble by saying we wanted cupcakes. From our discussion, it seemed like Bredenbeck's had NEVER made cupcakes for a wedding before. We pulled out an ipad and picked a nice blueish purple hydrangea frosted cupcake. I was very excited. They would match our blue hydrangea bouquets.  The final product? 2 flavor cupcakes, with 3 different frosting colors: play-doh blue, bright purple, and white. They looked really TACKY. Like something for a kids birthday party. 
Our guests couldn't tell what flavor cupcake they were picking because the frosting didn't correlate to the flavor of the cake. 
We had to provide our own cupcake stand, cupcake liners, ribbon to go on the outside of a separate cake to cut, and cupcake wrappers.Very happy with the birthday cake I ordered from Bredenbeck's!  Staff was helpful and easily handled my specific decoration request.  The cake was delicious:  chocolate cake with vanilla buttercream icing.  It was very rich to say the least.  I usually don't care for the 'whipped' frosting you find on store-bought cakes, so the buttercream was a nice change.  Best of all, the birthday boy loved the cake.Don't be deterred by the cramped storefront or the occasional line, as good things do come in small ... spaces. The cakes, cookies and pastries I've purchased from Bredenbeck's are top notch. I haven't tried their ice cream yet, but my sister insists that it's the best for miles.My Husband and I are from out of state and had scheduled a few different tastings for our wedding in the Philadelphia area. We were pretty disappointed with some of the bakeries but then coming to Bredenbeck's was a breath of fresh air. It's a little bakery but with lots of character. If you are doing a tasting, there is a separate room upstairs that is decorated with all sorts of cakes for display. Lauren is totally organized, she presented us with a plate of all the different cakes, fillings and frostings. And get this, they're all labeled! I also surprised my Husband with a grooms cake at our rehearsal dinner, Lauren made a Phillies "P" with their strawberry champagne cake. I didn't want to cut it because it looked so good and the flavors were spot on. Our wedding cake turned out amazing and I have never heard anyone compliment on the taste of a wedding cake until ours! Absolutely professional, creative and a pleasure to work with.Good ice cream, staff were cool and stayed open a few minutes late after their usual closing time to serve us.I visit this place annually for my birthday cake treat 2 Me. You see I get cakes that I like and enjoy, However the cake from Bredenbeck's I crave! What a satisfying treat! Happy Birthday! 2 Me!I LOVE this bakery. It's a charming little shop in a charming little section of town. Everyone there is so polite and welcoming. Our wedding cake was provided by them a few years ago (I only recently realized I never reviewed them on Yelp) and the tasting was a fun little adventure in a back room. There were so many options to choose from, our heads were spinning. We were so satisfied with the end result of the cake that we've made it a point to go out of our way to travel to Bredenbeck's many times for our baked goods.
 Note: the little dent on the cake icing in the picture was not done by the bakery. That was the work of a rambunctious wedding guest.I've loved this place since I was old enough to spill an ice cream cone on myself. This seems to happen every time! My mother always got our birthday cakes from this family-owned bakery and nothing seems to compare. The baked goods are always fresh and made with premium ingredients. The ice cream is equally delectable, especially considering their wide assortment of sundaes and other concoctions. It's the cake the brings me back again and again for all occasions. The final product is always artfully presented and, of course, delicious. I also enjoy the friendly staff. The place is a little cramped, but I find it charming and fitting  with the rest of Chestnut Hill.What a delightful bakery. The cupcakes were as tasty as they looked. My guests were thrilled to eat them.Bredenbeck's is amazing! They are truly the best of the best! Bredenbeck's handled all aspects of my engagement & wedding.  They made my engagement cake, cake for my shower, and of course, my wedding cake! They did an outstanding job for all three occassions! They were able to create a custom designed wedding cake from a simple photograph. The cake was so beautiful- even prettier than I had imagined! All the guests raved about the cake's delicious taste and its unique and beautiful design. It was difficult to decide which flavor to use for our wedding cake because they offer so many delicious options! I would recommend them all; however our guests LOVED our  final two selections of chocolate cake with caramel filling and red velvet cake. Be sure to ask for Lauren! She was truly a pleasure to work with! Lauren was very accommodating, professional, responsive, organized, and helpful! Overall, Bredenbeck's provided top of the line service, beautiful and delicious cakes for multiple occasions, and were a pleasure to plan our special day with! I wouldn't hesitate to highly recommend Bredenbeck's Bakery to anyone!Very clean! The baked good are so beautiful and everything I order is amazing! Seriously an incredible bakery! I am considering using them for my wedding. I want a bunch of unique little cakes (like 12). I just have to get ahold of them to do a tasting!Bredenbeck's designed and baked the cake for my father-in-law's 500 thousand party. Yes, that's right...the party we threw him when his '96 Chevy Impala hit 500 thousand miles. Bredenbeck's baked us a cake that was an exact replica of the car. It was gorgeous...almost too beautiful to eat! But we did eat it...for a whole week. And that chocolate pound cake hasn't left my thoughts since.Adorable bakery & ice cream shop. The ice cream is soooo good. The WHYY ice cream is ridiculous- vanilla ice cream with, salted caramel, chocolate swirl & pretzels. The gentleman that served us couldn't be nicer. 
I only had a $20 bill & my total came to $20.14 & he told me not to worry about it. Their front window holiday display is so nostalgic too!This is one of the best bakery's I have every been to.  Everything is always fresh and the place smells great. You can get special order cakes for any occasion and they are willing to do what ever you would like on it. The ice cream parlor next door which is also party of the bakery is great too. I love getting some of there ice cream on a hot day and just whaing Chestnut Hill go by. It is a great place to people watch and to get a ice cream cone for your pet graffiti named Mandy. The staff is very helpful and willing to do what ever you want. The ice cream is always fresh and the cone are nice and crisp. All in all 5 out of 5 stars!!!I had the pleasure of meeting the baker at the Bridal Expo show last month at the Loews Hotel here in Philadelphia.  She does amazing things with buttercream icing that give fondant a run for the money in the design aspect with superior flavor.  I am looking forward to setting up a private tasting for this and a few other bakeries in the region for my wedding cake.My main kvetch about this bakery is they sell donuts Thursday-Sunday ONLY. Can't understand for the life of me, why...? Another gripe: the donuts could be better definitely. 
That's why 3 stars. And perhaps I should've taken 1 away, cause their other stuff doesn't seem that hot also.The waffle is absolutely out of this world. I literally travel the world and try a few things no matter where I go and the waffle at Bredenbeck's is by far the best waffle I've ever had at an ice cream shop. Do yourself a favor and order the waffle. You will not regret it.Great bakery with a very nice staff.  I've ordered many different things from here and they always make my cake or cupcakes great!  They are very good at taking a picture and making it into a cake tooI have gotten quite a few pastries and cakes from B-n-B's. I have loved each and every thing i have purchased. From a birthday cake for that special someone. To general sweet tooth cravings killer. B-n-B does not disappoint. Everything is done on time, professional, fresh and delicious. The only thing I can gripe with their prices for Ice Cream. $5 for 2 scoops is expensive to me.The line moves pretty quickly here. I love their praline ice cream and the sparkly tarts. I know it's one hell of a combo but if I go there I have to hit the bakery and the ice cream shop. I suggest you do the same as well. I wish the prices were a little lower. This is Chestnut Hill, what can you expect? It's great ice cream and they have amazing tarts. I like their little bench outside, to sit and eat your ice cream. There's parking down the street but we usually just walk to it.So disappointed. It's taken me a long time to write this review because I was so upset. I worked for a long time with the cake designer to make the perfect wedding cake. I showed her photos and asked her to make it exactly like the one in the picture. At first she said the flowers would be a slightly different color, but on the day we finalized the design I said specifically, "Just make it look exactly like the one in the photos." 
It came out barely resembling the cake I asked for--no topper, plastic looking ugly flowers instead of the beautiful ones I sent her a photo of, no beading along the separate layers. The colors weren't even the same! It was awful. 
The cake tasted good, but was NOT MY WEDDING CAKE. After seeing the cake at my actual reception, there was nothing I could do but pretend to be happy for the photos. I emailed the pastry chef after my wedding, told her the cake looked nothing like the pictures I sent her, and she seemed to be in disbelief. She thought it looked exactly like the pictures. Judge for yourself. 
Anyway, it was too late AFTER the fact--my wedding was done, photos were taken, etc. But the owner never even offered to make up for it in any way. Not a discount, not a free cake for a birthday, nothing. They couldn't fix what had already happened, but they could have at least tried to reach out. 
Wedding cake photos are ruined, my guests all saw the cheap-looking cake, and I'm out hundreds of dollars. What a waste and even worse, a stained memory of my otherwise beautiful wedding.I was going to give 4 plus stars, however; it's kind of a complicated story.
My family ordered a special cake for my momentous birthday as we always do for each of our incredible occasions. Assured by the man in charge that we would be well taken care of after explaining to him that we were fairly new in the area and had experienced another worldly cake specialty shop in Southern California, we were handed off to a women who would supposedly meet our every expectation. After personally driving quite a distance to describe in person exactly how this cake should be and having been told they would try very hard to replicate it we left happy. This was not an inexpensive endeavor.We arrived back to pick up the completed treasure and the top was a little askew. It was sent back to the assembling room for a little rearranging to perfection and we left feeling pretty satisfied. It looked pretty nice. While it seems the one component in the cake has been attempted to complete; it just wasn't right. It was edible but far from the one described from our SoCal baker. Now here is the amusing, or puzzling part. Another family member had an occasion coming up a month later so we called again to see about making and paying big bucks for another specialty cake and we were told they were unable to accommodate us as they couldn't get a couple of special ingredients they would need....huh? Believe me, it was nothing complicated or out of the ordinary. So, are you in business to satisfy your customers and are you happy when they are happy or is staff or someone  
so self -defeating that you are going to cut off your nose to spite your face because a discerning customer wanted a little change to the frosting? I am really mystified.I really like the cupcake singer they have good daughter everything is pretty inside. Doesn't come back here with the friends and enjoy some cupcakes.We had our wedding in May of 2018 and Bredenbeck's was one of the preferred vendors of our venue. Emily was great to work with. She was very attentive and listened to the requests we were looking for. We communicated through emails and she sent us updates regularly about the evolution of our wedding cake. During the tasting, we were overwhelmed with the amount of variety to choose from, but she was very helpful and accommodating in answering our questions and addressing our vision of what we were looking for. Emily even offered us to take some samples home to taste to make sure we knew exactly what we wanted. Even the simplest things such as making payments they were flexible with in the sense that we can mail it rather than having to physically be there. We eventually chose a raspberry cake with lemon butter cream (highly recommended by the way) and the pound cake with lemon butter cream. We will be returning to Bredenbeck's!My wedding was on New Year's Eve and Bredenbeck's did a fabulous job. Tier flavors were raspberry (my favorite), chocolate chip, lemon, and devil's food. They delivered the caked in great time as well. Their service was excellent and i will go their again for my baking needs.Bredenbeck's Bakery helped make our son's dream come true by creating a delicious space themed cake complete with rocket ship and planets! It was a huge success and the centerpiece or our event! We could not have been happier with the cake. It was beautiful and delicious!
Bredenbeck's was great to work with and made ordering and delivery easy and were very transparent with regards to pricing. I would highly recommend them to anyone looking for a cake for a special occasion!I have nothing but praise for Bredenbeck's Bakery for their outstanding work on our wedding cake. The staff was friendly and professional. They listened to my husband and I, made suggestions when asked, but ultimately let us call the shots. After leaving the tasting, my husband and I wanted to add some texture to the overall design of the cake, contacted the bakery and received prompt confirmation of the change in writing. On our wedding day, the cake was exactly what we envisioned it to be. It was beautiful, elegant and delicious. We couldn't be happier!I really enjoyed the butter cake and the raspberry pound cake was incredible!  I can't wait to come back!Classic quintessential Chestnut Hill ice cream shop. Super cute, if you're from the area like myself there's a high chance you've been coming here most of your life. Summer staple and a must stop while walking around CHill.We had a custom cake made for our daughter's hebrew naming ceremony. Bredenbeck's literally took my vision and, along with some photos I had sent for inspiration, made it come alive. I couldn't have been more thrilled with how this cake turned out. It was all I wanted and more. I have a high standard for chocolate chip pound cake, and I think I have a new favorite. Thank you Bredenbeck's for helping to make this special day that much better.Delicious! The Phillies Graham slam ice cream cones, the cakes and cookies are right next door!Bredenbeck's Bakery is a wonderful bakery. Their pastries, tarts, eclairs, and cannolis are fabulous. They not only taste great with the best ingredients, but they look so good. The people who work there are very accommodating and reliable. I  ordered a mini fancy pastry tray by way of email as I live in California. I wanted these treats to be delivered to my daughter who lives in Philadelphia in Germantown. Tish, the person who handled my order was so nice and encouraging. She assured me the pastries would be delivered on the day and the time I requested. And they were. They arrived in perfect condition. My daughter and son-in-law were thrilled with them. There were so many. It was a generous amount. Each one looks beautiful and they said they were so delicious. My son-in-law immediately ate a cannoli which is his favorite. My daughter had an eclair which was made with a delicious custard in the middle. They are planning to have some fruit tarts tonight. All in all, it was a winner.Ordered a birthday cake for my mom's 60th here. Appearance of the cake was absolutely stunning. Cake was a bit more dense than I prefer but still very tasty!Got a huge cake for my partners 50th bday. Red velvet cake with butter cream and it was to die for. They did a big photo of him on the cake and it was beautiful. Ingredients tasted of high quality. Only thing is their prices are a bit high. I paid $90 for the cake. But it all got eaten and it was enjoyed.So happy with my birthday cake from Bredenbeck's! After having a taste of their cake at a wedding, getting up to dance, and then being heartbroken that the clean up crew took it away... I HAD to have it again! I sent my boyfriend to order this specific chocolate chip pound cake, chocolate buttercream filled wedding cake and transform it into a birthday cake. Although they couldn't fill the cake with the chocolate buttercream (as this was only for weddings), the vanilla buttercream was still delicious! And the cake looked fabulous, exactly like the picture I referenced off their online site. Would definitely try their other sweets and recommend to friends and family. Thanks Bredenbeck!My Favorite Bakery! Customer service is always great, and I love the strawberry champagne cupcake  summers are great because the ice cream side is open but even in the winter they'll still make it at your requestHave been getting my cakes from Bredenbeck's for over 20years. For every occasion, my cakes come from Bredenbeck's. For Christmas I always get a cake for Jesus and we sing happy birthday. Every time I go to pick my cake up there is usually a wait because they have trouble locating it. I always attribute it to my last name because it's spelled with a K but sounds like a C. It doesn't matter how long it takes them to find my cake because I will wait! I'm like that ex-girlfriend who will not leave Bredenbeck's because you are my bakery!! Love, Love, absolutely love what you do and please never do anything different. Thanks for being the best bakery in Chestnut Hill!We ordered a pound cake with lemon curd filling for my sisters wedding and while the cake was beautiful, there was no lemon to be found. When we went in to the bakery the day after he wedding (with a piece of the cake to show them) they seemed to be open to finding a way to make us happy - but my sister has called them about 5 times and they never call back. The manager is always "on the other line". 
We payed a premium for a less than average cake. Sad!I went in for the free Yelp check-in cupcake (you can only get basic cupcakes with the coupon) can't get a free gourmet cupcake but their varieties look incredible. The chocolate cupcake with sprinkles tasted fresh but average. There are two entrances, one for the bakery and the other for ice cream.Our wedding cake (raspberry swirl with buttercream) was beautifully decorated (exactly how we have instructed).  Unfortunately, the cake itself was dry and the buttercream was extremely sweet (not the same as the one my husband try when he came for the taste test).  We are a bit disappointed..."We paid for the look" (that was what my family said).Breckenbeck's   Is a very good bakery I had issues they fixed it no problem actually dropped one of the cakes and they replaced it with no problem this is very good bakery  I thank you very much we will be doing business in future  all of the employees very very nice I don't know all their names The MGR.Patricia  is really sweet I appreciate your  are you thank you everyone loved the cake was for my nieces showerBest. CUPCAKES.EVER! Had the Carrot one and Pina Coloda. The icing is heaven. How is it sweet and creamy but also fluffy??? Magical cupcakes. I have tried Brown Betty and others, they can't hold a candle to this place.I stumbled upon this place in search of a bite to eat for brunch... And ended up leaving with a DECADENT slice of chocolate chip cheesecake and a small apple pie tart!
The chocolate chip cheesecake is DELISH!! Super creamy, sweet, chocolate chip speckled cheesecake topped with a dense German chocolate cake, topped with more chocolate and a cherry! By far the BEST tasting cheesecake I've had ever~
The apple pie tart was delish! I should have heated it up a bit in the oven at home... But I ate it cold/chilled and the apples were cooked perfectly!! Just the right bit of softness and resistance that made chewing the apples in the tart sooo satisfying!
The staff is friendly and helpful! There were a LOT of people waiting in their small store, already helped (service is fast!), and they seemed to be waiting for big customized cake orders! Wow! Guess this is the go-to place for a lot of locals!
I had driven 50min from NJ to get my haircut at a salon in Philly... But man, the next time I get a haircut, I will DEFINITELY be putting in a few more min into the meter to walk to this bakery for more cheesecake and to try their other awesome baked goods!!!Wonderful service from the young people behind the counter! The girl who waited on me went out of her way to help. She recommended the delicious icecream cookie sandwich in the photo! Homemade cookies and awesome mint chocolate chip icecream. Definitely hit the spot.This is the best place to stop for ice cream if in the Chestnut Hill area. I was in the neighborhood visiting and stopped by for ice cream. I had a feature flavor of rum raisin and it was smooth and so good. The service was good and there were plenty of staff to handle the patrons. I will definitely return when back in the area.Impressive cake tasting. I did a cake tasting over the weekend and was wowed by their customer service. Although the bakery and the ice cream parlor are very small and crowded, the cake tasting is done on the upper level. Although the walkway and entrance is a bit awkward and it felt a bit hot inside, the room is quite nice and has a dozen different style of cakes. 
I had the standard cake tasting with 6 types of cakes and fillings (vanilla cake with vanilla frosting, chocolate cake with mocha frosting, lemon cake, pumpkin cake with salted caramel frosting, raspberry swirl with raspberry puree, chocolate chip cake with oreo frosting) followed by raspberry butter cream and cookie dough which I requested. I was very pleased that the bakery took the time to make these extra fillings for me. 
Like most bakeries, the wedding cake is made of pound cake, so it's dense and heavy. I like the raspberry swirl with raspberry puree and the chocolate cake with cookie dough frosting the best, it was a hard toss up between the two types. The wedding consultant was very accommodating and friendly. For a 3 tier cake that feeds 55 people with a ribbon border around each tier and a metallic intricate design and a standard non-vanilla flavor, the price quote was $350. Although this seems pricey, it's market average. 
Overall, I had a great experience with the tasting, lots of nice options to choose from. Although I have to do a couple more tastings in the area, Bredenbeck's takes the lead.I went to Bredenbeck's for my best friends birthday. I was pleasantly surprised by the products. I ordered the carrot cake and it was amazing. I was upset I only brought one slice! The service is good and the location is easy to find.Got a chocolate raspberry birthday cake for my girlfriend here a while ago and it was fantastic. Highly recommended. Their staff is always friendly. It can be really busy on Saturday mornings so plan accordingly.This small place has a variety of stunning ice creams!! I've been to many places and this stands out over all other places. Tried mango sorbet, coffee, praline & vanilla and butterscotch vanilla. No blemish I can find. Five stars!!Every time I am home, my mother insists on  pound cake from Bredenbecks. I however am partial to their cookies and breakfast pastries. I have never had anything that I didn't love from Bredenbecks. I have been to multiple weddings that have had cakes from Bredenbecks and the cake is always delicious and they offer a variety of flavors. I have had nothing but professional and friendly interactions with the staff. I would recommend Bredenbecks to anyone looking for quality baked goods in the Philly area!If you want the world most amazing bakery- you have found it! I ordered a large variety of desserts for the Thanksgiving Holiday and everything was out of this world. The pumpkin pie melted in your mouth- this is exactly what a pumpkin pie should taste like. The cookies, cakes and other pies were exceptional- I still have family members raving! And don't even get me started on the hand painted cookies that I found my husband trying to
Hide from our guests!! Yum! I can not say enough great things about this bakery and I will be placing my Christmas order ASAP! Yum!!Why is the operation hours set to the Bakery side?
Why isn't this just two separate stores on yelp and Google maps?
How hard would it be to make another page JUST for the ice cream shop???
I was looking for ice cream after dinner at the jazz club  around 9pm and this place says it closes at 7pm on Yelp and Google maps. Why???
Luckily instead of leaving we decided to go for a little walk down the strip and saw that it was open.I visited Bredenbecks with my sisters and our young cousins (age 10 and 12) today for a gingerbread house work shop.  We had the best time creating our houses and Helen who hosted the event was friendly, helpful and enthusiastic.  Bredenbecks supplied a pre assembled house and every type of candy/sprinkle/holiday cookie that I could imagine!  We were also served hot chocolate and delicious cookies to snack on while we decorated.  I would highly recommend this event to anyone who enjoys being creative with friends and family during the holiday season- and I loved being able to "play" with food without destroying my own kitchen!!  Thank you Bredenbecks!!Love this place ice cream and bakery! They made a beautiful cake for my daughters birthday!We chose to have a lemon cake with a raspberry jam filing and it was absolutely delicious! One of our guests went out of their way to call Bredenbecks to let them know it was the best cake they've ever had. The design of the cake was stunning as well, it was exactly what we were looking for my bridal shower. We're using Bredenbeck's for our rehearsal dinner cake and if we could use them for our wedding, we definitely would have, but our vendor already provides the cake. I would recommend Bredenbeck's to anyone!I've ordered a few cakes from them-one they forgot to make day if the 100 person party but rushed it to the party location and it worked out. Items are delish but something always goes wrong. I ordered some mini desserts- at almost a dollar a piece I expected a little more.  Again the taste is there but delivery and service has fell off. I have gone here since a kid I hope they get back to how they used to be they are losing what made them special.i came across bredenbrecks when looking for a grooms cake for my wedding rehearsal dinner. i e-mailed lots of bakers in the area with an idea for my grooms cake and none were more attentive and responsive than bredenbrecks was. not only were they responsive and sweet, but they also gave me a great price and were accommodating with my many questions (pick up vs. delivery, how many people, what are the best fillings, etc.).
my idea was a little goofy, i wanted a cake shaped like a book with the book cover of i like you by sandol stoddard warburg (read it if you never have). this book holds sentimental value to my husband and i and i knew he would crave the thoughtfulness. 
i have never had a specialty cake done so i was a bit nervous. given the timeframe of my wedding chores, my dad had to pick it up, so I didn't even see the cake until the rehearsal. It was perfect, just what I have envisioned. i don't even know how they did it, it looked like a painting. when i ordered it i even asked them to cross out like and put love, they did and it looked great. 
and the cake tasted wonderful! everyone was silent during that part of the meal, and me (the bride) who swore i wasn't going to have cake the night before the wedding did and craved it!!As a longtime staple in Philadelphia, Bredenbeck's NEVER disappoints! I recently placed an order for a cake for my best friend's 30th birthday party and I couldn't have been happier with the results. I was able to reach the bakery via email and send over it examples of what I had in mind. The entire ordering and paying process was seamless and foul proof. I appreciated how they went above and beyond to make sure the final results were perfect. Not only did the cake look good, it TASTED good as well! Please make sure you give this awesome bakery a visit whenever you are nearby!Ok first of all I would like to premise this review by saying that me and Bredenbeck's go back a long way and we have had a very tumultuous relationship, but one thing remains the same is their amazing cake!!
As a self proclaimed cake fanatic I would have to say that this place has the best cake (vanilla of course, not a fan of chocolate) I have ever had the indulgence of tasting. I mean I dont think you get it when I say that I love cake and eat it as much as I can  My house is always stocked with cake or cupcakes,  I'm 26 yrs old and I still insist on a birthday cake every year and for pretty much any other occasion I can finagle a cake out of.  And out of every cake and bakery I have tried, none even come close to the cake at Bredenbecks
 This cake is truly amazing.  The cake (sponge or pound) is moist the icing is sweet and full of flavor that just makes your taste buds dance with excitement. They have different flavored pound cake  like lemon chocolate chip and raspberry.  I was just finishing my last bite of some raspberry when I decided to write this review. Everything in this bakery is truly incredible their ice cream parlor  is amazing too.  Bassets ice ream is some of the best in the city. 
This place  definitely deserves 5 stars but I used to work there (10 yrs ago) and me and the owner  didn't get along that well, and I'm pretty sure I was fired, but even after all that I still remain a loyal customer and spread the gospel that is Bredenbeck'sWe stopped in While at Laurel Hills Garden and picked up the peppermint bark cupcakes and they were amazing. Definitely a must have.Amazing. Best desserts I've had so far in Philadelphia, super moist and a good sweetness that doesn't taste fake. The cupcakes are the best ratio of frosting to cake and are superb. I got a slice of carrot cake cheesecake that was also amazing but so rich I ate it in 3 different sittings. I'm just sad it isn't closer to me but the search for a top tier bakery in the city is over!Great bakery, very nice staff!! I tried a piece of the chocolate cake loaf and a cupcake-delicious!! Also went to the gingerbread house decorating workshop-it's a really nice holiday activity to do with family/friends!!Bredenbeck's is a really cute little gem of Chestnut Hill.  It's the type of place where if I'd grown up in or around Chestnut Hill, I'd beg my parents to take me every summer night for some awesome ice cream!  They have a great selection of flavors and prices are fair.  
The shop is small (single file line, flat against the counter), but full of character.  There are benches outside for those who like to sit and enjoy, or you can walk the shops on Germantown & eat at the same time, but be careful not to drip!  
I haven't been on the bakery side yet though, but I know wedding cakes can certainly be a touchy subject no matter which bakery you go to.  -A profession I don't think I could handle :)Bredenbeck's is one of Philadelphia's tradition rich bakeries. Since 1889 it has been selling its wares in the City of Brotherly Love.  That's a lot of baked goods ... and because they are so tasty I don't see why they won't be around for another century.  Their cute store in the middle of Chestnut Hill is augmented in warmer months with an ice cream shop as well....of course they sell Philly's oldest ice cream - Bassett's.  Out of all the sweet concoctions they create, let me just highlight their gourmet cupcakes.  I'm not really a cupcake person but even I have to admit their Strawberry Champagne Butter Cream cupcake is a work of art!Bredenbeck's has a wide range of baked goods available - cakes, cookies, cupcakes, and of course ice cream!  The cakes in the window are absolutely gorgeous, and the ones on display inside really demonstrate some serious cake decorating skill.  
I haven't had a chance to try everything - we just dropped by this weekend and the cupcakes caught our eye.  Somehow 2 cupcakes cost us only $1.80.... We repeated the price about 5 times as we were in shock, but it was real.  At any rate the key lime cupcake was absolutely amazing while the chocolate rocky road cupcake was just good.  A rough life indeed....The baked items are delicious however they don't do croissants, scones or muffins so search elsewhere for that. The Danish, cookies and cakes are awesome, fresh and NOT first friendly which means the taste spectacular. The ice cream side of things I'd absolutely tops! In the warmer months, there is  usually a line out the door and for good reason. They've got off standby flavors like butter pecan and pistachio along side dairy sweet concoctions. They are well with a try.We got a pretty bad cake from here.  It was flavorless and the icing had less taste than whipped cream.  They're probably good for other things, but definitely not for that cake.I had great hopes for this place based on the reviews I read but I was very disappointed. The buttercream on the cakes tasted like crisco. I would not recommend.My heart belongs to the poundcake here. Yummy but expensive .. treat yourself!My boyfriend stopped by in the late afternoon of a chilly day. The ice cream section of the shop was closed, but they still had a few flavors and sold ice cream in the bakery section. The person behind the counter was very friendly and happy to answer our questions. There were also a lot of delicious-looking baked goods in the shop.
I got a scoop of caramel apple; my boyfriend got vanilla. I thought they tasted pretty much the same, though; my ice cream didn't have a very distinct caramel apple flavor. No matter, both were very creamy and delicious. One scoop was plenty for me--in fact, I would've preferred sharing it, especially with dinnertime so close. It's too bad I don't live in the area; I want to try all the bakery items, too!Bredenbecks has been a special occasion bakery for our family for a very long time - my older daughter's wedding cake, a  "Loubiton"-inspired sweet 16 cake for my younger, even a "bowl of chips" cake for a Superbowl party.  This weekend was the first time that there was a cake just for me - and what a beauty it was!  What could possibly top off a surprise party catered by Starr? A ginormous chocolate frosted raspberry swirl poundcake decorated to look like the most exquisite bouquet of flowers.  It was as delicious as it was beautiful.  Bredenbecks offers first quality pastries, cookies (and stellar ice cream treats) - but what sets it apart from everyplace else is its extraordinary cake menu. 
Birthdays should be fun and filled with the warmth of family and greetings from friends near and far. It means so much to recognize that people are thinking of you even if distance or disability prevents them from communicating directly.Loved everything we got from here.  We asked them to pack up $150.00 of baked goods for our trip and I cannot tell you how good everything is. The two butter cakes were gone before we ate dinner. Thank you for the memories.My sister ordered a funfetti cake for my birthday and it was awful - dry to the point of tasting stale, and the frosting was far too sweet that we could barely eat it. We expected the cake to be dense because it was advertised as being made with pound cake, but it was heavy and dry. Very disappointed and will not be back.Good ice cream. I got the mint chocolate chip. My husband got the pralines and cream and wasn't impressed. We both agreed the praline had no taste. 
I gave an extra star because Bredenbeck's is the only ice cream shop open Sunday night after 9 p.m. It drives me crazy that things close so early around here, but Bredenbeck's was open and ready for our sweets craving.Really good bakery, a bit pricey though, but the newports, cupcakes, and various cakes are all delicious. The ice cream is also good but not homemade.