Love this place! I've been here a few times, most recently for Valentine's Day. Their prix fixe menu was great and we got a bottle of champagne with our dinner. The atmosphere is awesome; it's just a cool place to stop by for dinner or drinks.It is what it looks like. Neighborhood local. Not a sophisticated rest. but a great place for comfort food. Took my brood of kids there for lunch. Service was warm and attentive. Food yummy. Desserts humungous and fresh. Pretty, interesting interior. Definitely going back!All of the food we got was super tasty. The service was a little slow and there were some small mix-ups. But the food - fried chicken sandwich, fries, (accidental) home fries, pork roll breakfast sandwich, side salad - was really good and the mimosas weren't bad either ;)All of the toasters in the place must be broken.......
Pros 
Yummy blood orange bell-inis
Bomb Fries with chile  mayo 
Prime outdoor seating for your south street viewing please 
On Point Manager ( cant recall her name ) 
Cons 
broken toastersI had the best cheeseburger there on Memorial Day!  Fresh, juicy, huge, and delicious!  There are a number of good burger spots in Philly, and Foys is right there with the best!Visited here on a Friday early evening. There weren't any large crowds, no wait time, and pretty fast service. Also I had a great burger, not the best in Philly, but tasty on a soft greased bun. I ordered Sangria, which gave me a little extra boost of laughter, lol. Overall, I had a pretty good experience. Getting to the bathroom was somewhat of maze, but this is a good spot to people watch and catch a breeze.Ordered takeout with the new menu. Supremely disappointed! Mac and cheese entree was a joke. Container was just Noodles and bread crumbs with no cheese. We loved this place in the neighborhood but won't rush back after this effort.I truly love the atmosphere here, the service has always been good and the food great. Seems like an obvious trinity but so many restaurants fall short of all three. Bridget Foys does not. Good job and thank you!Used to stop in here quite a bit back in the day. Please note, because of my work I see a lot places from the best in class to festivals.
Service sucked- bartender was too busy chatting it up with employees
Food- Philly is great for wings, these were not good.
Atmosphere - charming
Perhaps it was an off night?The Happy Hour drinks at this place are awesome! The bartenders and staff are totally nice. I had a great time. Try the popcorn. The only thing that upset me was I only got 4 Buffalo wings for happy hour!I had stopped here for drinks a few times before shows at the TLA -- Bridget's is a breath of fresh air on the otherwise dodgy South Street -- but last Friday my wife and I finally decided to sit down for food.  Boy am I glad we did.  I got the chef's burger special, and it was honestly one of the best burgers I've had in Philly.  My wife ordered soup and the hummus appetizer, neither of which were particularly interesting, but nonetheless they tasted great.  We also enjoyed the unique, carefully-conceived cocktails.
The restaurant was surprisingly vacant for a Friday night (around 6pm), so the noise level was pleasant.  Service was consistent and attentive.Found this great place to have a drink and dinner - good local food, well done custom appetizers, overall nice hometown place.  And the drinks - great pour :)Been here for brunch a few times.  Never disappointed.  I especially like the turkey burger (magically, it's not dry like other turkey burgers).  Service can be a bit ditsy: the first time I ordered it, I asked how the turkey burger was; my server told me that he's not really into that vegetarian stuff, but he's heard it's good.  Um, sorry kiddo, but turkey was still an animal last time I checked.  Everyone there is quite friendly, though, and our orders have always come out quickly, tasty, hot, and correct (much more than I can say for some other places).Satisfied with my choice to bring the fam here for Philadelphia Restaurant Week! We all decided to order off the restaurant week menu, and all get something different! Let me say, everything was pretty darn delicious. Starting with my favorites, the lamb meatballs, eggplant entree, and the three tier chocolate mousse cake. Unfortunately none of those were mine, but good to know for next time! $20 for a three course meal for lunch, you really can't beat it! Also tasty: gazpacho, sausage empanada thing, salmon, apple empanada. Really disappointed with the steak frites because the steak was tough and reminded me of pot roast. Don't get me wrong, I like pot roast, but I would rather not think of it when I'm trying to indulge in my steak! French fries were meh, as was the service! I would definitely go back and try some of there specialties!We've have been here multiple times and have never had a bad meal, the service was adequate if your not dying of thirst.  The shrimp and grits where exquisite and the chipotle honey wings will dominate my food spank bank. I'm only giving a 4 star because of the attentiveness of the server lacked something to make this a 5 star.Good comfort food, casual atmosphere, friendly staffAverage food, atrocious service.
I came here last week with a group of 8 friends. We were excited to try a new restaurant, and our waitress appeared to be very friendly and accommodating. However, towards the end of the meal, we experienced so many debacles and frustration that I will never recommend this restaurant to anyone again. First, while we clearly had a coupon for a free desert, our waitress questioned the value of the coupon. Really? Does it make sense to challenge a coupon for a DOLLAR SEVEN dessert when you are serving a group of 8? That type of shortsighted and ill informed thinking unfortunately became a theme for the rest of the meal. After (very reluctantly) serving our dessert, our waitress completely botched our bill. While this was a huge pain, most of us would have been willing to deal with the situation graciously had it not been for the rude and impatient attitude of our waitress, who repeatedly tried to convince it was our fault that the bill did not represent the prices of the meal. A few minutes later, the manager got involved and realized that the bill issues were a result of the restaurant's miscalculation, not ours. This whole process of basic revelation took approximately ONE HOUR. 
After realizing that the restaurant/waitress had messed up the bill, the manager did not offer us any of the following: free drink, reduced charges, or coupons. While she did spend around 15 minutes apologizing, she did not take any action to remedy the situation. We were extremely disgusted by the whole situation and were desperate to leave the restaurant. As we were leaving, the manager repeatedly assured us that she would make it her personal responsibility to check that each of us were charged the correct amount for the meal on our credit cards. One week later, I looked at my credit card bill and guess what? I was charged an extra 12 dollars for the meal. It's completely incomprehensible to me why the manager would spend 15 minutes apologizing to us if she clearly did not intend to execute her promise. 
As for the food, the overall quality was mediocre. The mac and cheese was pretty good (but let's be honest, it's pretty hard to mess up mac and cheese) and the desserts were tasty. However, the salads did not taste fresh and salad dressing was watery. The cocktails were similarly weak and unimaginative in taste.I was visiting my friend in philly when we came upon this place. She's pregnant and was really hungry so we didn't have time to look for somewhere and decided just to come here. I read a few reviews and asked the waitress what her favorite was before ordering and it seemed like the crispy chicken sandwhich was a popular choice. We both ordered that and the wings.
CHIPOTLE  HONEY WINGS
these wings were pretty bad. They were dry and didn't taste anything like chipotle honey they tasted like regular buffalo wings. I wouldn't get them again.
CRISPY CHICKEN SANDWHICH
It took SO SO SO long for this dish to come out... probably about 45 minutes and the place was not crowded at all. It was a weekday at 2pm...there was maybe a hand full of people there if not less. The chicken was pretty thin and very fried- even more fried than my liking and I like fried food. It was a huge sandwhich but it wasn't good at all. The "herb mayo" was on the bottom but I wish it was just regular mayo instead. I asked the waitress what it was and she said a chiptole mayo- terrible. The bread was huge and thick. I don't recommend this dish.. I don't know why I read so many great reviews about it...but to each his own! 
APPLE PIE WITH VANILLA ICE CREAM 
When I checked-in here with yelp I got a free dessert. This was probably my favorite part of this foodie adventure... until we actually tasted the dessert. We got the apple pie with vanilla ice cream- I mean how can you mess that up. One of my favorite american desserts. But it wasn't good. The apple pie was huge and had slices of apples inside but it just wasn't good apple pie. I don't know how to describe it. I would've been fine with just a slice of Sara Lee apple pie.
Probably not coming back here.
I did want to try the mac and cheese tho- I mean how can you go wrong with mac and cheese, but Im sure they will find a way.You know what makes this place? The ambiance and the staff. It feels like going to your cousin's house-- the cousin you like because she's warm and nice even though you don't know her that well. She serves good food that's just a tad fancier like when someone puts unusual cheeses in a mac and cheese dish.
This place is a little more expensive for the type of American fare, but definitely not bad and definitely better than average.I am not going to write a long review since last Friday was my first time in Bridget Foy's. Every time I drive past Bridget Foy's on a Thursday or Friday afternoon, I see people sitting outside having a good time. When a fellow Yelper recommended this place for lunch I did not hesitate to say yes.  
There were some really delicious items on the menu but I decided to go with The Standard Burger. Besides, if a bar & grill are incapable of making a decent burger then it's not worth stepping inside. Fortunately for me, the burger at Bridget Foy's did not disappoint but exceeded my expectations. At the end of our meal owner, Bridget Foy, brought over a piece of butterscotch tiramisu for the table. I am not the biggest tiramisu fan, but I truly considered going back after work to take some home. 
I guess I can blame her for putting me in a mellow mood making me pretty much useless for the rest of the day, but I can see why I see so many patrons enjoying themselves. Next time hopefully I am off the clock and grab a few drinks.Im not very impressed by their brunch, but i have always had very good dinners and snacks/drinks. We even went here for Thanksgiving because my father is ill. Great service, great food. Classic with something different.The short rib tacos and the chocolate cake are good and that's about it. The food was served cold. The steak was WAY TOO SALTY. The food was very bad. Maybe it was because it was restaurant week maybe it was a bad night but I have been to plenty of restaurants both during their restaurant week and again during regular times and have not experienced as poor tasting food as this. I've had better food at an Applebee'sCame here twice already and not entirely impressed. First time was restaurant week with two of my girlfriends and second time was for a bridal shower. Both times, food was just eh and same with the drinks.
Restaurant week food was better than what I had at the shower. Brasied shortrib was great! I enjoyed this more than my own meal which was the steak. It was a tad on the drier side. They also threw in free sangria which was ok. It's free, so can't really complain.
At the shower, started off with a salad. It was a simple salad. Nothing to write home about. Then lunch was the crab cake. This was extremely dry and lacked the flavor of a good crab cake. I had to put tons of hot sauce on it just to make it edible. Also had the bloody mary. It was horrible! Skip this by all means necessary. It needed more spice, salt, tomato....just everything. Lol. I did like the dessert though (banana cheesecake thing).I had a great experience here.  My friend and I recently stumbled upon this restaraunt as we were looking for a place to eat on South Street.  
We started with the hummus and sweet potato pierogies as appetizers.  The hummus was pretty good, heavier on the lemon flavor than garlic, which is sometimes a good change.  The pita bread that accompanied the hummus was excellent though.  The sweet potato pierogies are to die for...they are a perfect combination of sweet and savory and just pops in your mouth!  
Next we moved onto the main course.  My friend ordered the veggie burger and I ordered the mac and cheese.  My friend said her veggie burger was perfectly seasoned, but the patty itself would have been even better if it binded together well.  The bun was sweet and buttery and contrasted well with the patty and the pesto aoili.  My mac and cheese was very good as well.  The potato chip crust on top added a nice crunchy texture and the bechamel sauce was very cheesy and creamy.  However, I would have liked it if they added another dimension to balance out the cheesy goodness...maybe adding some onions would have been good.  Overall, our main courses were delicious.
We also ordered strawberry lemonades, which is not on the menu.  Initially, it was extremely tart and almost undrinkable.  But we asked them to add some sugar syrup and it made it much, much better.
They were busy so sometimes it would take awhile for us to get service, but the service overall was still not bad.We had our annual Friendsgiving party here for the 2nd year in a row. Bridget helps us and goes the extra mile to make our party as memorable as possible. We have had this event at 5 different locations, and this place is by far the best. The downstairs atmosphere is cozy and upscale without being snobby. I can't speak to the food but in terms of a bar and private event space I can't recommend it enough.Went here for restaurant week recently and everything we had here was absolutely delicious! I had the lamb shank for dinner and it was huge and fell right off the bone. Great place!I've been to Bridget Foy's twice and this is a solid brunch spot and a good place to take a break from whatever you're doing, sit on the deck, enjoy a drink and people-watch.  
I guess they are still doing the make-your-own bloody mary concept since the bar was set up when I was in a few weeks ago.  I guess some people like to do it?  I dont know. A good bartender at a brunch spot ought to be able to sling a bloody.
The blood orange bellinis are fantastic and at $28 for the pitcher, you get 6-7 drinks, which beats the hell out of the $9 price per.  My other half and I are looking to make a ritual out of it.  I've never been disappointed by anything that i've eaten there and for the area, the prices are fair. - even with the pitcher of bellini, we  walked out of there full, happy (wasted) and about $65 lighterAlthough I've passed it for years, it never enticed me. We finally wandered in here, because it's convenient. Was shocked out how delicious the food is and how friendly the waiter is. From the outside I thought it looked like a diner (and I love diners) but just wasn't interested. First time I had a delicious burger but wished I'd ordered the meatloaf, because it is excellent. Waiter helped us figure out which beers made the most sense for our dinner choices. Next time I had a vegetarian Moroccan vegetable stew that I still dream about. Can't remember which dessert we shared, but I do know it was so good. A little noisy, but I like the food and I like the atmosphere.Another treat we found thanks to Yelp! The food was delicious. I enjoyed meatloaf, collard greens and the best macaroni and cheese ever -which I could have ordered as my entree! We started with fried pickles (awesome!) and fried calamari. Because of a coupon on Yelp, we then were able to sample one of their desserts which was amazing. I agree about this place making for fabulous people-watching if you are seated on the patio.I really enjoy Bridget Foys.  I'm a regular there and the waitresses/waiters are pretty consistent so you get to know them and they get to know you, which is always nice.  Their service is excellent and in the probably 50+ times I've eaten there, I've never been disappointed.  Their eggplant napoleon is delicious and their chicken sandwich is a staple.  They have extremely flavorful cheesecakes (goat cheese!) that are a real treat as well.  Overall, a huge fan!  Before I live Philadelphia I promise to purchase one of Bridget's infamous olive paintings that decorate the walls.Nice place with covered outdoor seating and a perfect spot for people watching.  I have not yet tried the food, but my wife and I stopped by on a rainy night to have a drink.  It is one of the only places in the city where you can sit outside even when its raining thanks to the covered patio.  
The service is top notch and the beer list is good.
The bathroom's, while clean, are located upstairs...which requires you to walk up a very narrow stairway which can only handle people walking in one direction, or else you will be getting to know the person walking the other direction on a very personal level.  
In general its a great place and I look forward to going back for food.In the city for Jimmy Buffett.  Stopped in for buck-a-shuck, and stayed for dinner. Awesome service from Kevin! Oysters were great! Mussels were great! Scallops were great! Grabbed a couple $3 Kenzinger drafts as well! Good stuff!  Thanks!I live very close to Bridget Foy's so I WANT to like, it, but its just ok.  Everytime I have a meal there, I decide that I am not going to come back, but every so often, just due to its shear convenience, I do.  The good is average, but I have always had great service.  The decor is warm and inviting.  I wish that they would expand their menu a bit and improve the quality of their food, because they have a great location and an excellent staff.  I just feel like this restaurant has potential that they do not capitalize on.Bridget Foy's has been a reliable South Street mainstay for practically forever.  It occupies a prime location where Second Street meets South and indeed its outdoor café has long been "people watching" central.  But indoors is also inviting - especially with all the cool paintings by one of the owners.  The food is tasty, the service is always friendly, and one can only hope that Bridget Foy's will remain a Philly institution for decades to come.
At a recent happy hour I enjoyed their three buck draught Kenzinger accompanied by very flavorful deviled eggs and honey chipotle chicken wings.  The female bar tender was great making everyone at the bar feel at home.  With all the options of where to eat & drink in Philadelphia, it's great to see Bridget Foy's still very much in the mix!We went here for brunch on a Sunday afternoon. I had a decent latte and the blueberry pancakes, which were delicious. The portion size was perfect and the waitress offered to sub fresh fruit for the bacon it normally comes with. My boyfriend's peanut butter-nutella french toast was amazing. We'll be back for brunch again.holy yum-o, batman!!
Sunday brunch is not to be missed here. on vacation in Philadelphia, and this was the best!!!It seems that before I wrote this review this place was labeled as not being wheelchair accessible. I dined in Sunday and found it to be the opposite. I arrived with my family at the front door that is ramped. It is a steep ramp so it may take a second with a manual chair but if you have someone to help you from behind you'll be just fine. Right inside the door is the bar area which is a tight squeeze but do-able. The staff was more than welcoming and the food was delicious. I had the head burger with mushrooms and a fried egg. 
My only complaint is that the restrooms are upstairs. If you go, be sure to take care of that before you come in.Had dinner here on a Saturday night.  The Resturant was very crowded but got seated quickly in the bar.   The drinks were great and the food was delicious.  The portions are not huge but reasonable priced.Good place to sit outside. Food was pretty good. Pork Flatbread exceed my expectations. Burger was fresh and juicy.
The street performers playing guitar across the street played really good and should be employed as part of the staff.
Kudos for using made in PA Emeco chairs.Went to B.Foy's twice in the past thee days and have been there plenty in the past years.  I went with some friends over the weekend and we had a great meal.  Best thing about this place are their appetizers.  I had the Lamb Empanadas and they were so good on Saturday night that I went back Monday and got an order for lunch as take out.  Deliciously silky lamb filled pouches with an awesome curryish dipping sauce.  The flatbread mushroom pizza is awesome and has really nice flavor for something that is normally just so-so bar food.  Duck tacos used to be my favorite until I found the Empanadas.  Dinner entrees made everyone happy but the appetizers were really the stars of the meal.  The service here is definitley worth mentioning too...I've been here on quiet Tuesday nights to watch the Phillies game, busy Saturday nights with friends and average Wednesdays with 12 collegues for work lunches... I always have top notch service.  They are attentive to all requests, helpful with the menu, and very fast with drinks and food.19$ for what should have been a 5$ meal. My girlfriend and I ordered pumpkin tortellini off their thanksgiving menu, and while I understand the prices will be raised for the holiday, this was just ridiculous. We were served about 6 pieces of tortellini and a couple spoonfuls of diced squash, which were sitting in a puddle of olive oil. We had to try to strain the oil off the pasta to even eat it and the vegetables were a lost cause. The service was good and their meat dishes are probably better, but if you are vegetarian, do not eat here.Tonight I was a victim of BLUNT DISCRIMINATION, SINGLING OUT, and abuse by this place's MANAGER, who approached me in a middle of dinner and told me to leave the place due to 1 hateful customer who was unhappy that my bichon barked once ( we were sitting outside ). Mind you, the place calls itself dog friendly. Next to my table, there were another dog, but nobody said anything to them, while I was singled out in very humiliating way. I have never experienced mistreatment and abuse on such profound and ugly level as by the management of this place.Great restaurant in a fabulous location to sit outside and people watch. Brunch is our favorite meal here, but dinner is also good.We go here all the time with our two year old. It's very kid friendly and they have a Mama's night out special on Monday nights where moms get a free glass of wine and kids eat free. It's lovely at around 5:30...the service is kid friendly and fast. The food is pretty good...not too may healthy choices, but solid for South street.My wife's wedding shower was here a few years ago in the private party room, since then, we've been here on multiple Valentine's days (including tonight). I've always had a great time here. It's not the fanciest place in all of Philadelphia but it's very quaint, friendly and the food is amazing.Went here for drinks after an entertaining walk down South street. Nice drink selection with some unique creations. Bartender was very friendly, talkative and gave us lots of advice on Philly.
Will be back for dinner sometime.went there for brunch... nothing spectacular.  the house bloody mary was actually better than the bloody i made at the "make your own" bar.  that could just be my own ineptitude, but i'd like to think that i could make a better custom-to-my-tastes bloody mary than what's most likely poured out of a jug.
it's not that bridget's brunch was bad... there are just plenty of better places to go.We enjoyed a couple of drinks and appies on the patio when we visited Philly on our great American road trip on the fourth of July.
I enjoyed the red sangria, bae got a refreshing cucumber gin cocktail, and another person in our party tried a highly recommended IPA.
We didn't try mains here but I enjoyed our order of fried green tomatoes - yum!
A great place to people watch on the patio while enjoying a drink and a bite!Haikus For Bridget Foy
Beautiful menus,
Chairs are pretty like rainbows,
Pretentious Hipsters.
Outdoor eating, yay!
Taste food spendor superwow,
And they do not card.
Thank you ::bows::Bleh.  It's OK if you don't expect much from the restaurants lining South Street.  Stopped by here around 5PM one day after work with the BF for an early supper and it was totally unremarkable.  I probably wouldn't even have reviewed it if I hadn't seen it pop up randomly on Yelp and I randomly remembered I'd gone there.  
It's really odd that when we came here, they seated us in the back although it was completely empty.  Happy hour was something like 5-7PM but the waitress said happy hour was only available to those that sat up front in the bar or outside.  Um, it was 20 degrees outside so that rules that out... 
Flatbread was oily and meh, and the beer menu was small.  Everything was expensive for what it was.Had lunch at Bridget Foys yesterday.  Friendly wait staff.  Order the grilled cheese and tomato soup.  The soup was bland and the grilled cheese, nothing special.  Also ordered a house salad with grilled chicken.  The salad was a large bowl of mixed greens, 2 cherry tomatoes,  a slice of cucumber quartered and a few slivers of red onion.  The chicken was not grilled and was bland.  After eating we used the restroom located on the second floor. The carpeting on the stairs leading to the upstairs was filthy, black, pretty disgusting.Been coming here with LARGE groups for years! Although I come with often the most demanding entourage,  this place always pulls through to accommodate!  The upstairs media room is perfect for larger parties, be it for Brunch, Lunch and Dinner, and comes with media capabilities for slide shows,  presentations and music.  Recently came here with boisterous crowd for New Years Day brunch! Not only were they open,  but they were on point and ready to accommodate my last minute large crowd for our first Day (New Year) brunch. We walked in at a little after 2pm after the morning crowd had died down and we're situated upstairs!  The service was great.  The food was great.  The bottomless mimosas were ideal! I do recommend you get reservations for large parties. In the past I've gotten dinner packages for my group and a prix fix as well with a week advancement notice.  I've held dinners here for my sorority,  women groups and company. Every time I've consistently have had great service!Last night, my date and I stopped by Bridget Foy's for a quick bite to eat.
We were seated instantly and given a table slightly seperate from the noisy, bigger groups. 
Our waiter was extremely friendly and attentive. When it came time to order, he suggested one of the night's specials: a pizza with mozzarella cheese, red sauce, broccoli, and red pepper. It was extremely good and it ended up only being $10!
We had a very enjoyable experience and would definitely go there again.Always reliable.  Good food, nothing too fancy but always well done and satisfying.  Great staff and nice environment and great outdoor seating.Came in for the first time last night and absolutely loved it. Food was outstanding, and the inside/outside tables are perfect for this time of year.
Our waitress was incredibly attentive and checked in just enough up until the time we wanted our check- it was 25 minutes from the time we finished eating until the time we paid. Could be because a table of seven (four of them little kids) came in around then, but still.
Even so, she was still really friendly and helpful. Being 20 sometimes makes you feel like you're being judged for not buying drinks (since you look old enough to drink but seem like you're just being cheap), but we did not get that vibe here. Macaroni and cheese was the best I've ever had, and I've had it all over the city. Highly recommend!Mother's day disaster
Placed us in the most uncomfortable spot, literally next to the host station. Refused to move us to open tables in the back...no one sat there the whole time we were there..food was not special at all...crispy chicken sandwich over cooked and over spicy...and dry. The fries had no flavor. The burger was just okay. No refills on drinks. No one asked either. 
We didn't feel like staying for dessert due to the non- welcoming. Yes they wished us a happy mother's day.
Sorry but we'll never go back.This place is awesome! Highly recommend the chicken or burger sandwich and if you are lucky enough to have the mud pie as the special Dessert of the day! Go for it! You will not regret it! Yum, yum, and more yum!Just came from this place with a group. The food was meh, but the service was very friendly and nice. The ambience is chill, the game was on downtown. Very laid-back atmosphere. Wish I had a better meal.The food is m-e-d-i-o-c-r-e!
Restaurants that serve mediocre or just average food are not worth writing a review about. Hence my lack of 3 star reviews. 
What makes this restaurant worthy of a review are the flies. THERE ARE FLIES EVERYWHERE, AND PLENTY OF THEM. At the first table we were seated at, there was a dead fly on the table. We requested a new table, and spent the entire time with our hands in the air swatting and trying to keep the flies from making a landing near us.YUM! First got take out from here and loved it!  I had the Caramelized Fennel & Roasted Beet Salad.  A little fancy for an every day lunch, but absolutely delicious!  I added shrimp to it and the big succulent grilled suckers really hit the spot.  Also had Brunch here with two friends.  We started with the blood orange bellini pitcher (great choice for our hangovers).  As for food, I had the Country sausage eggs benedict and  had to hold myself back from licking the plate.  SIZZLER! rivaled the eggs benedict I had at Oprah's personal chefs' restaurant in D.C.  Great place, Great food.  Yes, a bit pricey, but worth every pretty penny.I've been to Bridget foy's a handful of times and it is consistently good food. My favorite here is the veggie burger and I'm not even a vegetarian yet I prefer to get it over their meats. I've tried the potato chip crusted mac n cheese here and it phenomenal! I hear great things about their chicken sandwich as well.
Their drinks selection is pretty good too. They always have cool seasonal beers available. Also, if you can try to sit with Kevin (the guy with the awesome mustache). Really great guy!My oh my how Bridget Foy's has changed since my first visit. The restaurant leaves a great first impression- updated seating & decor, quick attention from the hostess, and a neatly updated menu with big-flavor offerings (read braised short rib fries and duck tacos). It's enough to get your mouth watering. 
Unfortunately, the food didn't follow through, even with a very nice and attentive server. My girlfriend and I ordered the fried pickles and lamb meatballs for an appetizer. The pickles were fine I supposed, but lacked a quality, crispy crust. The lamb meatballs may have been from a bag, and the convoluted ingredients didn't jive-- the dish never came together to leave me with a satisfied feeling (a strange provencal sauce over pearled cous cous...I guess?). 
For entrees, we went with a burger and the crispy chicken sandwich. The burger was delicious- the fried egg made it insanely scrumptious. The crispy chicken sandwich was sad. The bread was crispier than the chicken, and it lacked decent flavor- just a big greasy chicken sandwich. 
Last, the fries are pretty terrible unless you like floppy, warm, greasy potato sticks. 
Let's give Bridget Foy's a big thumbs up for their burger, updated style, and new menu. Just be careful of the dishes you choose-- they are either a hit or a big miss.
TIP: If you can sign-up for their insider program, they like to give $25 gift cards annually.After much hype about how great this place was, I had to say I walked away underwhelmed. It started off promising with its cozy atmosphere, friendly host and the amazing smells from the kitchen. The deviled eggs were sinfully delicious...I could have eaten a dozen, easily. But it all stopped there. I had the shortrib flatbread and was disappointed. The meat was dry and bland, not like any shortrib I've had in the past. The dish was messy to eat...I didn't even finish it. I'm not one to leave a crumb behind usually. My companions were also a bit let down by their dishes. One of them said she was surprised because the place used to be really good but it's not the same.
I have to say also, I was quite annoyed with our server. When asked about the gluten-free menu that we saw posted online she said with a little bit of 'tude that there is no menu like that, but there are GF items. I went back to the site in case I'd been mistaken and boom, there's the link. Now, apparently it's not a separate menu but indicates which items on the menu are gluten-free. However, the menu in hand did not denote anything. Some consistency would be good there. When we asked about ingredients in one of the dishes she actually argued and the 'tude returned. After checking with the chef, it turns out we were correct and she was not. 
Overall, the only thing that saved the night for us was the beer list and eggs. But after paying the bill, which was a bit inflated for the value of what we received, I will not return.This place has been on the up and up for a while. It was one of those corner restaurants that I passed by often yesteryear and never really noticed. I guess that was my mistake.
I started coming in here more often after moving into the neighborhood. It's a nice spot, good for dinner any day of the week. The draft list is well-rounded, the food menu is diverse enough to appease the adventurous yet tame enough to satiate those with under-developed palates (kids).
Good for events, family dinners, you name it.
Fair warning: on nice days, this place can get pretty hectic with its huge amount of outdoor seating. But there's always three floors of seating inside. (Provided the other floors happen to be open at the time).My wife and I stop by every once and awhile as we used to live across the street.  Always great food and great service and a great place to people watch on south street never disappointing. Same waiter outside for years and consistent quality food.  We recently stopped in looking forward to the chicken sandwich but it was not up to par.  Please please fix that sandwich so we keep coming back!Had the pork and mango salsa tacos, and they were possibly the best I've had in my life. Service was phenomenal, all of the staff was really friendly. Boyfriend had the steak, and it was perfect, and I had the burger special which was delicious. Will definitely be coming back, possibly our new favorite spot.3.5 stars
I came in here trying to find somewhere that was decent and not filled to the gills with people on a Saturday night(Yeah I know, its South St).
I ordered the mixed green salad special and a cherry bourbon glazed pork tenderloin.  The mixed green salad came with vegetables and candied pecans with a vinaigrette dressing. The vegetables were very fresh and the dressing was nice and tangy/tart.
The cherry bourbon glazed pork tenderloin came out with butternut squash ravioli and haricots verts. The ravoli were pretty dang tasty, but few in number. Likewise the green beans were fresh and had a nice sauce accompanying it, but they were few in number.
The pork was really good. The cheery glaze/sauce complimented and made this dish. The pork was very tender. My mouth is watering just thinking about it.
The lemon cake with coconut frosting was the low point of the meal. The cake didn't taste much like it had any lemon in it. The frosting was ok, but nothing special.
I had two beers with my meal. The Harpoon UFO Hefeweizen was very tasty. They didn't have any Ommegang left, to my dismay. So I ended up drinking a Troegs Nugget Nectar? that tasted a little funky. Clean the lines folks, and change the kegs.
The service was really good. My server Mia made sure I had plenty of water and beer. Not only that, but the hostess also stopped by and checked to make sure I was ok. How many restaurants has that happened to you recently?
Just a warning, the bathrooms are upstairs and you have to ascend M.C. Escher like staircases in order to get to the bathroom. So I wouldn't recommend drinking too much and then trying to climb them. I could see that women in high heels might have difficulties as well.
I enjoyed the food, but it seemed a little pricy. I might be back and order something else(Yes, maybe a burger, smartass).Was here years ago with a friend from DC on recommendation from a friend in NJ. It's a nice place. But, the dishes that stand out to me were the calamari appetizers and the dessert chimichanga.
The calamari was excellently fried - crispy and right tenderness. Came in a cone presentation with pieces of jalapeno peppers. Very nice, tasty, not too spicy.
The chimichanga was tasty. It was sweet - and I guess I didn't really expect it like that. While tasty, I can' t say I enjoyed it or thought it was memorable.
I may need to experience Bridget Foy one more time but my first time was probably average - not too hot, not too cold. I, however, might be more adventurous or desire more adventure with my food than Bridget Foy caters too.
Parking is Philadelphia parking - so be careful, make sure you feed the meter.I'll cut to the chase on this review..I ate here for dinner which was probably my first mistake because when I looked at most of the other reviews..people go here for lunch and brunch.  I started with the fried mac and cheese balls...they were nothing to write home about.  I've had much better at Cheesecake Factory (5 years ago..not sure if still on the menu) and Tommy Guns BBQ (also been about 5 years ago).  My second course was the crab bisque.  It had no taste, OH AND I FOUND A PUBIC HAIR/ARMPIT HAIR IN IT.  After staring at it for a good 10 minutes..I had to hunt my waitress down because she was MIA..and hadn't even checked back with us after she dropped it off.  After I told her the situation..she asks " Would you like me to get you something else?"...REALLY?!!!!!  REALLY.  Possible answers I thought of were a) No!  I love pubic hair in my food! b) No!  Take this away and I will gladly pay for soup with a pube in it !  and finally c) Hey dipshit.  The first thing you should do is PROFUSELY APOLOGIZE..have it taken off of my bill, and ask is there anything you can do to remedy the situation.  She did none of those.  She acted really nonchalant like this is a normal occurrence.  Nasty.  I followed up my pube soup with the steak..nothing special and the sauce that it was served on did not taste good.  
Will  not recommend.  Will never go here again.I have not written a review in a while, but extenuating circumstances have forced me to write this.
I Decided to try here for lunch because I've always been intrigued by their menu. I ordered a "sesame chicken salad". When it came out it looked more like a Caesar with very thin slices of grilled chicken. I was surprised. I imagined sesame chicken on top of salad. I asked a waitress about it (because our waiter had been disinterested from the start) She explained that there were sesame seeds sprinled on top. So it was a sesame chicken salad. 
I took a bite, didn't care for it. I wanted crispy sesame chicken, not bland grilled chicken. After staring at it for a while, the manager came over. And said stoicly "you dont care for it?" I asked to look at the menu (to see if I missed something. If it was my mistake I would gladly eat it. Or take it to go) I wanted to just look at the menu and she very abruptly cleared everything around me.
 She said she would bring back silverware and a napkin(that never happened )
 I ordered a Caesar with steak. I thought, no surprises for this one. Not only did it take way too long, it came out with two large sections of romaine. Like a wedge salad. 20 minutes and not even chopped. At first I honestly thought "haha good one kitchen". "if she wants a salad ill give her a salad!!"
My boyfriend automatically laughed when they brought it out. We asked the waiter, (when he finally pretended to care) said "its a caesar WEDGE salad. I thought by his tone, CLEARLY I had missed something on the menu, so I took his word for it. 
The salad was average, but it is kind of inconvinient to have to slice the hardest part of romaine with a butterknife, in a bowl. When I told our waiter we thought this was a joke, he was not amused.
Btw, it says "caesar" salad on the menu. No mention of a wedge anywhere. By their logic, my boyfriend's chicken sandwich could have been "sesame chicken sandwich" because it had seeds on the bun. 
Oh yeah and service was slow. Painfully so. Not a big deal because we werent in a hurry. But irritating when there's two servers and 10 tables. No big groups. 
You know what, the service is so slow and apathetic...I have been writing this review on my phone, rewrote a couple drafts, showed it to my boyfriend, before  they brought us our check. We had our bright blue card on the table for close to 30 minutes now.
Monday's tend to be the slow day. And their best staff isn't usually around. I get it. But this is just really sad.  I understand the creative presentation, but the menu descriptions are completely inaccurate. Also, in my experience, if I have a fussy person ordering a second dish I would clarify it for them! our Caesar is served like...". Basics people, basics.
Worst 50 dollar lunch ( with two drinks and a tip) I've ever had. Nice weather though.Just had a fabulous early lunch with my friend and couldn't have asked for a tastier burger or friendlier waitress! The outdoor seating was great with fresh cut flowers on the table. Will be back again!I gave this place 4 stars because of the busboy Augie (Augustine). It really deserves 3.  I had the waiter with the crazy mustache (I will refer to him as Stache) and he gave my date and I such little attention that we felt slighted. Augie stepped in and brought our food, took our drink order, and cleared our food. Stache did come over to apologize stating a table of 2 was "demanding" and he's been working there 10 or so years.....
I was watching him run his mouth the whole time. 
To add insult to injury after he apologized his service didn't get any better.
We had to flag him down to get our check as he was, yet again, chatting. 
Enough about Stache, Augie saved the day.We recently had a private party on the 3rd floor at Bridget Foy's and it was great! Having 2 rooms there really helped with our crowd (40+), especially since we had a Karaoke DJ in one room (easily arranged through Bridget Foy's and for a good price!). We had appetizers in the bar area and there was more than enough room to socialize (plus the bartenders were wonderful). The dinner was great as was the dessert -- Xango-Banana Caramel wrapped in crispy cinnamon sugar (save room for it!).
After searching many venues in the City, we chose Bridget Foy's because the cost was quite reasonable for our event (a pre-wedding party for out-of town guests; since we were already spending much $$ for the wedding, we needed to watch our budget with this event)... AND they could easily accommodate 40+ guests with a nice menu, bar package, and space.
I can't say enough about how wonderful the staff (and Bridget) were to us; we had a great time and everyone was so nice! Some of our guests ended up checking out South Street while there. Parking was not an issue (all of our guests found street spots or parking lots and the restaurant makes suggestions); and I would recommend this venue to anyone looking to host a private party!
(Only downside: many steps to the 3rd floor, if you have older guests like we did, they will point this out to you ;)
Maria V.
Philly, PAWalking around the historic waterfront district, needed to find respite from the sun.  Saw a growing crowd on the covered porch so decided to give it a whirl.
Good find in a tourist area.
Enjoy a glass of refreshing Troegs sunshine pilsner, my wife, a glass of house white. 
We shared an order each of the short rib tacos and fish tacos (each order had 3 small tapas style soft shell tacos.)  Very nice options, full of flavor.
hit the spot.
Our server Bianca was working a lot of tables along the porch and she did a great job, passed by a few times to make sure we were okay.
Good place for a weary tired foot restful mealThis place has the best food on south street hands down. They change the menu items from time to time but everything I've had is good.I'm not a big proponent of the whole half-star thing, but... *if I could, I would give Bridget Foy's a 3.5 star rating.* I can't believe I just seriously wrote that. I've stopped in twice in the last three weeks and probably enjoyed my first meal more, but cannot rave about it here because it no longer exists.
Bridget Foy's has a convenient location on South Street near the TLA and I happened to attend two shows there recently -- making this a great pre-show dinner spot. Especially since we had two cool nights and who brings coats in for shows!
I was coming down with an illness during my first visit last month and asked our server, Allison, if a hot toddy was an option. Apparently they have it on their dessert menu, but I ordered one as a main drink anyway.
Along with that, I had the crispy chicken sandwich and it was delic---no, can't say a word about how good it was because it's not offered anymore. They were revamping their menu when we were there due to a new chef, and there was a new menu when I was there yesterday and it was no longer a part of it. Now there's a grilled chicken sandwich that looks much healthier. Bummer!
Yesterday: After some confusion as to where the host was, we were seated at a squeezed in table. Not the most comfortable place to sit and I really enjoyed being non-apologetically elbowed by the guy behind me. Allison was our server again (and, it looked, for most of the rest of the room).
This time, I ordered a Stillwater Stateside Saison from their decent list. For my meal, I didn't want to put down $20+ for an entree, nor was I feeling a burger or their other options, so I went with two sides: the vermont mac and the sautéed spinach. I'm a light eater, so this worked for me.
I'd go back if I'm in the area, but probably not otherwise.I had both the most expensive and the worst spinach salad in my life at Brigid Foy's.  
The worst.
Please note that when I say worst, I am  including the one that my old boyfriends mother made for dinner one sad day.
She didn't know to wash the sand out of the spinach and it was a tooth crushing salad of sand.
 I ate her salad out of politeness, whereas I was able to just fully reject the foible of Foy's.
Some day, if your lucky, I'll tell you about his mothers recipe for hamburger soup (main ingredient - ketchup).
Blech.Have been wanting to try this place for a long time. Decided to come for lunch to celebrate my wife's birthday. We sat at the bar and we were greeted by the bartender. This place only deserves 2 stars! One for drinks (my wife had the peach mango white sangria) and one for their wings (wings were crispy and very tasty). We tried the Mac & Cheese, and it came out dry, hard, and tasteless... as if it were microwaved.  When we mentioned this to the staff their reply was to "stir it up a bit" & "our chef put a bit too much bread crumb on it" Sorry, but dry and tasteless doesn't get fixed by stirring.  And bread crumbs don't soak up cheese. Needless to say we will not be returning ever!I'd like to give this four stars but I'm trying to be more critical in my reviews, so 3.4 stars it is. On the plus side their burgers and crab cheesecake are 5 star good. The mushroom flatbread and many of the other options I've tried are 2 star good, however. Beer selection is a little quirky but diggable overall. I've mostly gone here for lunch or brunch, which is what I see it as best for, so keep that in mind. 
Service has always been fine and the interior is also fine as long as you ignore the ghastly paintings (complete with outrageous price-tags). It's a solid neighborhood place, I wouldn't have gone here more than once or twice if I hadn't lived two blocks away. 
Oh, and ask for the chipotle aioli. With everything.I made a reservation for Saturday afternoon lunch with two friends. I had been wanting to visit Bridget Foy's for a while and I was not disappointed! A few small hiccups and oddities, but this place is a solid four stars.
Service: The waitress/bartender came over right away and asked if I wanted to order something so that it would come out right after the rest of my party arrived. Drinks took about 30 seconds to arrive after being ordered (no lie). Additionally, she was able to provide us with tons of guidance about the best dishes to order.
Food: We were very hungry and we left completely stuffed from the amount of food we ordered. We got the mushroom flatbread and the BBQ pulled pork spring rolls. The spring rolls were very tasty and the shells were flaky and crisp. The sauce was killer, but overall I didn't notice too much BBQ flavor. The flatbread was heavenly, if a little oily from the mushrooms/artichokes. The ingredients also included mozzarella and arugula and the whole tasted fresh and light. We all shared an order of the mac-and-cheese, which had potato chips crumbled on top and four cheeses. HOLY GOD, ORDER THIS. I would have been happier with a thicker crust on top (the chips were more of a dusting), but seriously, this is probably the best mac-and-cheese that I've had in Philadelphia. My friend got the short rib tacos, the other friend got the standard burger, and I got the crispy chicken sandwich. Everyone guarded their food jealously, so I can only comment on mine: although (again), the aioli was fantastic and fresh, it really just seemed like dressed up Chick-Fil-A. Additionally, the fries were a little limp and soggy-- those definitely could be done better. Finally, even though we were really too full to order it, we got dessert: chocolate torte (yay for Yelp check-in rewards). It was so wonderfully dense and chocolatey (almost fudgey) that I couldn't even deal. Delicious. It also had strawberry preserves and thick whipped cream. I had to wash it down with a glass of water; thank goodness, it was being shared.
Drinks: I'm feeling that $8 is a reasonable price for a specialty cocktail, and Foy's orange take on the Bellini was delicious. The menu specifically said blood orange, but my garnish was a regular orange, so that was a little odd.
Yum. Yum. Yum. Definitely order the mac-and-cheese and the chocolate torte. You will not be disappointed.This place was kind of OK.  We went for the Cinco de Mayo specials.  They were out of guacamole which was sad.  The waitress seemed like she really did not want to be there.  She brought us the wrong margarita flavors.  She also forgot our appetizer but brought it out after we were served our meal when we reminded her and didn't charge us, so that was nice.  We got the handcut fries and all 4 dipping sauces.  The sauces were surprisingly tasteless.  I got the short rib sandwich which was really good and the highlight of the meal.  My friend got the sesame chicken salad which was just cold tasteless noodles, a couple pieces of chicken and literally 2 pieces of lettuce.  It was very confusing.  It was more like cold pasta.  She wasn't expecting that and didn't like it.  My other friend got the taquito special and it was more like dry Mexican eggrolls.  She didn't really like that either.  We were disappointed and probably won't be back again.One of my favorite restaurants in the city!  We came here a few times for dinner, always amazing. The menu is always fresh with new items. 
Had brunch here this morning. 5 stars! I got the stuffed French toast, had spiced apples and Brie with a maple pecan butter. Amazing.  We usually go to honeys for brunch, but I can see Bridget Foys being close second favorite brunch. 
Great prices, and the staff is always friendly.Super friendly staff. They're very personable and attentive. 
As a vegetarian with food allergies, I was very happy with their selection and they were gracious about accommodating my allergies. 
Also great location for people watching and the music is super good!Food was fine and our waitress was fine, but the place wasn't busy when we went for lunch. The rest of the waitstaff was huddled around the hostess stand talking about puke, who's going to puke tonight and the best way to clean up vomit. While we're eating. 
How about this: Instead of doing that, why not try something productive? Say, like, washing the cloth napkins that smelled like dirty dish water? It makes the day go faster.It was everything I could ask for in going out to a nice Saturday afternoon lunch. Great food, people, service, drinks and prices. I was super satisfied and happy I went there!NYE Review:
Decided to go here because they were doing an a la carte menu on NYE which is a plus for us.  Reservation was promptly honored and while they decorated a little for a festive atmosphere, the restaurant seemed to be running smoothly as usual.  The food was very good on top of everything.I know my last review was pretty bad.  But I actually came back a few months after that last visit.  We sat at the bar.  Michael our bartender was super sweet and attentive ( him being pretty cute had absolutely nothing to do with it I swear! ). We both ordered once again the Sante Fe salad this time w/ the crispy rather then grilled chicken.  Salad was of a normal size this time, and not as small as it was the last time we were there.  It was delicious.  We ordered the pitcher of Sangria to go w/ our meal and that was delicious. Our bartender Michael even bought us dessert.  Service was great this time, and food not too shabby.
Once again Bathroom review !  Bathroom was kind of out of the way.  They are through the doors at the front of the restaurant ( left side of the bar ) up a flight of stairs and then across a small landing )  .  After the TREK to the ladies room I was VERY happy to see an immaculate loo.  =)
I have not been back since , not having to do w/ the restaurant, but I can't wait to come back ! Hopefully MICHAEL will be working. hahaI was there for a party on the third floor and for some reason my table was served the slowest. 4 out of 5 tables got their food right away and my table took the longest, and I have no idea why there was such a delay for one table. I normally don't write terrible reviews, but, when I'm sitting there still waiting for my course and the other 4 tables are finished that particular course, there's obviously something wrong. to top it all off, at the end, they gave every single person a dessert except for me, and I was sitting right there waiting for it so they basically forgot. I was even super nice when dealing with the waitresses so I have no clue what I could have done to deserve this kind of service. in summary: food ok; service terrible. never ever coming back here again.This place is the "old reliable" to me on South Street.  It's typically calmer and, well, more normal than some of the other establishments surrounding it.  
We have been to Bridget Foy's for lunch and dinner several times now, and I am always happy with what we get.  Everything from their salads to sandwiches are good, and their french fries are delish.  They are served with your choice of two dips, varying from jalapeno ketchup to chipotle mayonnaise and on.  
There is a nice little balcony on the exterior of the restaurant that is great for people-watching if you're interested, as well.  
Minus one star for the fact that we have always had to wait for a table here, but it's never more than a few minutes.  The place is small so I'll give them that.  Minus another star because I don't think their menu is quite extensive enough.  Again, since the place is smaller, they might have the mindset that they have mastered their current offerings and aren't offering everything but the kitchen sink, which I can respect.  Somehow I am always looking for a little more on their menu.  
Overall, I would recommend Bridget Foy's to anyone without hesitation.This is a great spot to eat and even better if you can grab a table outside. Service is friendly and the food is well made. There's good variety to the menu, and the selection ranges from, for instance, grilled cheese to banh mi. Highly recommended.If I could have done no stars, I would have!!!!!!    took friends who'd never been - BOY, THEY'LL NEVER TAKE A RECOMMENDATION FROM ME AGAIN -- WHOLE EXPERIENCE SUCKED, and that was the highlight.  
 Some old balding guy with white hair & glasses was in & out from behind bar -- as pleasant as a bout of diarrhea!!!!   Barmaid was great,only good this visit.
Went up small side stairs from bar area to 2nd flr bathrooms -- CARPETED STAIRS SMELLED STRONGLY OF OLD URINE!!!.  WTF??   Food came slow, place not busy.  
 Foy's used to be really good, guess if they get tourists they stopped caring about locals/regularsGirlfriend and I came here for the Eagles Bucks game (go eagles!). Since the game was on, the staff was busy so I understand that the wait for service was somewhat lacking at times. 
Food wise, I had the sausage Benedict which was tasty but nothing to write home about. My girl got the egg white omelette and it was par with other omelettes we've had. 
Atmosphere was like most other bars and fun if you're an eagles fan. 
The best part of the meal was the dessert. We had the pumpkin cheesecake that we shared and it was great. 
Recommend this place for a quick stop if you're hungry.I've been a regular staple on South street since I was one of those annoying noisy think I'm so cool high schoolers.  None so more a staple till I opened a business a few blocks down from this South St. corner stone a few years ago.   So walking pass his beautiful restaurant for so many years, I've really wanted to try it, but never really had the chance to.  So with Father's Day approaching.  My brother and I thought. " hmm where can we bring our dad [who's a chef in the Rittenhouse Sq. area ] for lunch? "  BRIDGET FOY'S!  Why not? The outdoor patio is almost always packed on beautiful sunny weekends! So off to Bridget Foy's we went!!
HOW DISAPPOINTING!  
For Starters we had the Sante Fe Salad w/ grilled Chicken [which I stated in my order, but the waitress did not take our order correctly and had to come back twice to check we had ordered exactly].  The salad was AWESOME but a bit pricey at $9 for a very small serving.  It came with tortilla strips, jack cheese, and a really yummy bbq ranch dressing.  We also had the Hummus [ which was $6 ] with 3 VERY small scoops of pesto,  kalamata olive, roasted pepper with garlic.  The hummus was very dry, and tasted supremely bland. The pita points served were good, but could have been grilled for a little longer.
Entrees I had the duck tacos.  [$9]  The duck was completely wasted.  It came so sweet, and the Guacamole served on the side was bland.  The meal was also accompanied by a spring mix that was also nothing to write home about.  My dad at the Chipotle Pork Chimichonga[$9].  It wasn't bad had a nice jalapeno kick to it, but really greasy also served with a bland salsa, and the spring mix.  My brother had the Crispy Chicken Sandwhich [$9].  Let's just say the chicken was soggy and the fries were dried and tasted as though they were re fried.  
Service was worst.  Our waitress though very nice was clueless, the lady refilling the water would come by and fill one our of our 3 glasses.  There was always an empty glass for some odd reason she would not fill.  The girl that brought out our food was inconsistent.  In the middle of eating my meal.  I went to take a fry from my brother's plate, when she just swooped in and took my plate away without asking if I was done, which I was not.  Our entree took FOREVER to come out.  What was super odd, and I felt bad for this table was a table next to us.  The 2 ladies sat down way before us.  Ordered before us.  But didn't get there entrees till we were paying our check.  
I guess if you want to try this place.  On a nice afternoon, it's always a Nice place to grab a drink and sit out on the patio with appetizers, but if you want to sit down for a meal.  Roll down the street to Jon's.  This was not worth coming to.Don't expect good food here. It has a great patio for people watching. We had the wedge salad and chipotle chicken wings..
Wedge salad didn't have blue cheese crumbles or bacon..? It had lots of chopped egg and a balsamic dressing with a mayo/blue cheese sauce. It was not tasty. The wings tasted like BBQ potato chips, they came with pickled celery and carrots..
It was nice to sit on the patio and listen to some beautiful street music!I walked to this spot and had breakfast at this restaurant.  I had the steak and eggs with potatoes. It was very good and the steak was like a skirt steak, pretty thin but had good flavor.    The service was very good and I would like to try the brunch one day.What a great afternoon of eating. Bridget Foy's is definitely a great place to catch a meal... and watch people on South Street. My cousin and I were seated close to the entrance right next to the window. It was great. I saw PPA stalk cars to issue tickets, two men and baby and a dog; it was great. 
Just moments after being seated my water glass was already in front of me. I love that. For our starters we both ordered the chipotle honey wings which were awesome. The came with a buttermilk ranch which was the best ranch I'ver ever had. I think they dice onions or garlic into it. Whatever it was it was good. For our entrees I got the BBQ brisket sandwich and he had the Cheesesteak and both came with hand cut fries. I specifically asked for my fries to be fried hard, like almost burnt hard, but the majority of them were still limp. Anywho, my cousin didn't really like his cheesesteak very much, but he ate it so I guess it wasn't gross. My brisket sandwich came to the table sans BBQ sauce, which our server remedied by bringing some. I did not like the sauce; not sweet enough for my taste. Truthfully I was so stuffed from the wings and fries that I only had 1 bite of the sandwich. The one bite I had was ok. Even though we were both stuffed we ordered dessert curtesy of the check-in offer. It was fine. Probably would try something else next time though.
All in all, a great spot. The menu intrigued me, so I will be back:Came here for happy hour. $3 draft beer special. We had calamari and deviled eggs. Calamari is nice, but I would skip the eggs. Nice venue and courteous service. Would come back for a quick snack.This restaurant is probably the overall best in the South Street/Queen Village area.  
First, the food:
The menu is traditional American with some Asian elements thrown in occasionally and it changes seasonally.  While it is somewhat limited, there are many options for every palette.  The food is very fresh and from my many experiences here, always delicious.  Whether it's a burger, a salad, or an entree, I have never been disappointed with my order.  This restaurant is a bit pricier than its local competition with salads starting at $11 or $12 and an additional $4 or $5 for proteins.  Entrees will usually always run anywhere between $15-$25.  
The drinks:
My issue with Foy's is that they are never, ever running drink specials unless it's happy hour.  This is the kind of place where if you ask what the "specials" are, they will hand you a sheet with "specialty" cocktails that are probably more than any regular mixed drink you'd normally order.  They have a full bar and their sangria is really good although not very strong.  From time to time they do have appearances by some decent craft selections.
The service:
I don't know what it is, but my service here is always awesome.  Even when it's swamped, the servers are 100% on point and seem to really enjoy their jobs.  There is one server here named Kevin, I believe, who is usually sporting a handlebar mustache, is really excellent.  He could make a killing in a fine dining establishment.  
Environment:
Probably my favorite thing about this place is the atmosphere which, whether inside or outside, is really pleasant.  It's casual but nice.  I have brought my mom here on Mother's Day for a delicious brunch in a nice environment with fresh flowers on the table.  Show up in jeans or shorts and eat a nice meal.  People watch outside.  Lovely.
Also, they have a loyalty program where you earn 10% credit for every dollar you spend and it adds up pretty quickly. 
Great dining experience every time.I had a very enjoyable brunch here last weekend with some friends who were visiting from out of town. It was a little chilly, but we opted to sit outside anyway. Three of us split a mimosa pitcher (necessary, of course), which wasn't a bad deal at $30 (we each got a little over two drinks out of it).
I had the eggs benedict, which was a pretty classic benny and very delicious. Whoever poached those eggs on Saturday is my hero, they were perfect. The hollandaise, biscuit/muffin, and ham were all great as well.
No complaints about the service. Seems like a reliably good spot and it's within walking distance of my house, so I'm sure I'll be back.Stopped into Bridget Foy's today for breakfast with a friend. Service was prompt and the food was delicious. The blueberry ricotta pancakes were delicate and moist with the freshest blueberries. The blood orange bellini  was the perfect complement: delicious, refreshing and a helper in taking the edge off of last night's frivolities. We sat inside but right next to the open air area so enjoyed the best of both worlds: shade from the morning June sun while still enjoying the brightness and the sights and sounds of early South Street. The original artwork is refreshing if not a bit scary (the ladies with olives for heads is particularly frightening). Great food, service and decor. All in all, a perfectly pleasant breakfast. I'll be sure to go back and try lunch and/or dinner!I love this place. It is only a few minutes away from my apartment and is the perfect neighborhood bar/restaurant. I probably go here once a week whether it be for brunch, dinner, a beer or take-out. It is hard for me to go here and not order the crispy chicken sandwich. It is amazing and one of my favorite meals that I always get cravings for (hence the once a week visits). When I do have the control to order something else though, it is always good. For brunch/lunch, I love the burgers (turkey or regular) or the egg white omelet with the blood orange bellini. For dinner/apps, I am a big fan of the bbq duck tacos and the cheese steak croquettes. The french fries here are really good too - they come with the burgers/sandwiches.
Also, I have never had a bad experience with the service here. When I call for a crispy chicken sandwich take out it is usually ready within 10 minutes and everyone here is super nice.I ate here for lunch today with my girlfriend and two other dining companions.  I did not see much of the interior since we decided to sit outside along the street.  The outside was nice and had a good view of the street.  
For my lunch entree I decided to order the Mac and cheese with bacon while my girlfriend decided on the duck tacos.  Whenever my Mac and cheese came it was easy to see that it did not have the bacon on it and nor was I charged for it on the bill.  However that didn't matter as it still tasted good being very cheesy and topped with a potato chip crust.  The duck tacos were also excellent as they were full of meat while providing a nice little kick at the end.
The bottom line for me is that I would head back here in the future.  They have an interesting menu with a lot of choices and it was good too.OMG Food is so amazing !!! Excellent service highly recommend this place will come back here againBaby girl and I had dinner here. We got the BBQ Duck tacos to share which were delicious. She got the pork chop which was done perfect but kind of expected a double cut. I got the short rib sandwich was was so good, the meat was so tender with no fatty parts ... YumUpon arriving the staff was nice but kind of distracted, but we wasn't the focus of the Resturant  even thou we were the only customers in the place. We both ordered the veggie burgers and it was not appetizing at all. My companion sent hers back and opted for the fish taco app. The veggie burger tasted like mushed up rice and beans with no seasoning.... Horrible. Great location, bad food. Don't do the veggie burger.The cheese steak was good and service was quick, however I could have done without the political rhetoric from the bartender that went on for our entire meal.  Not a pleasant experience.Came here for brunch after a rough morning with some friends. The host was very friendly and seated us in a booth at the back. I ordered the steak and eggs and it was TOP notch. Our waiter was very attentive and kept my coffee cup filled. All in all a great experience and will be returning.It was just ok.
Maybe it was because we made reservations and so got seated upstairs, alone, in the cold.  Our waitress tried to meet all of our needs but it must have been really irritating to have to run up and down the stairs for just one table.
I got the veggie burger, no bun.  It was very good and dense but nothing special.
My gluten free friend got a turkey burger and said it was "ok" while my pregnant friend got a hamburger and said it was delicious.  We also shared a plate of dips which were good and gluten free but not made for three people.  
The staff were really friendly and very accepting of my friend with Celiac's so that was a real treat but there was just nothing special about this place.  I would return, but I wouldn't seek it out.Went for July 3rd menu.  Had the BBQ Chicken.  Delicious!   Baked Beans:  Real good.  Here is the reason for my 2 star rating:  My wife, a buddy and myself walked in.  My wife is BLACK.  I am white and so is my buddy.  My wife went in front of us to check in.  The receptionist brushed my wife off, saying "These guys were first."  Clearly UNTRUE!  She didn't know all of us were together.  She thought my buddy and I were together and my wife was just flying solo?  Tall Hispanic female RACIST receptionist!  RACIST!  RACIST!  And I'm no tourist.  I live a few blocks away.All I am reviewing is the sangria and ambiance. It seemed like a nice date place or a place to grab a few drinks....or be bored to death.
People watching wasnt particularly interesting since there were cops all over the place, the people next to use tried to literally cram 10 people into a 4 person table, and then I was sat under a beaming light bulb that attracted mosquitos. Also, the bathroom is 2 flights of stairs up from the main area....I dont exactly know why...but it is.
The sangria was ok, nothing exciting, not even an extra shot of brandy or rum.  The price wasnt exactly cheap, so I expected more umpf. The best part of the experience was the waiters old fashioned mustache. He had zero personality otherwise.Went here with some friends for brunch. From the start, we were indecisive on sitting inside or outside and finally decided on inside, but the host was extremely patient and tolerable of us. It took a little long for the server to take our order, but the food was amazing. I actually wanted a milkshake and they don't make them, so I went down the street to Haagen Dazs and brought a milkshake back lol and they didn't seem to mind. Definitely will return.Pleasantly surprised and impressed. Came here for Mardi Gras with my bf and I prejudged the place a little considering it's part of South Street and I'm weary of the tourist traps that tend to line south street. Good food, friendly and attentive staff and decently crowded for a Tuesday. Will be back.My spouse and I were looking for a spot to hang out on a Sunday nite and watch the Eagles while our teens were at a concert at the TLA.  Passed by several divey looking places on South St offering 49 cent beers, and then came across Bridget Foys. This place has a classy atmosphere, and the drink menu is similarly upscale.  Nice selection of wines by the glass, craft beers on tap, and specialty martinis.  The game was playing on a wide screen tv, the "crowd" was well behaved (OK the bar was half empty!), and the bartender was polite and efficient.  The drinks were great (if pricey) and this was a nice place for two middle aged parents to hang out.  Would return!The crispy chicken sandwhich had a spicy, chipotle mayo that really made the sandwhich. We also had the grilled cheese with tomato soup that had an interesting (in a good way) bread. When dipped in the tomato soup it really had a pizza like taste to it. Pretty good!Had the best Turkey burger here last spring with Cranberry relish, and alfalfa sprouts. The combination was really nice! This will be on my to-go list when back in Philly.I was always somewhat attracted to this place for it's inviting storefront, but my boyfriend always said it was bad so I never got to try it.  I always envisioned the idea of getting a cold beer and some appetizers here.  I think this might be the way to go.  
I finally convinced him to go and I wasn't too impressed by the eggplant napoleon, even after the hostess/waitress recommended it highly. I like the one from Trader Joe's better and that comes frozen. Seemed a bit pricey for what I got.  We wished we had gotten the fancier salad that Caitlin was talking about. We made the mistake of getting the caesar salad instead, which lacked enough dressing...and I go light on dressing...but this was ridiculous.  We were a little disappointed by the service as well, considering there were only 5 tables occupied and our water glasses were empty.
The ambience is soothing, and the front porch is very inviting. I still think it's a great place for beers, catching the game at the bar, and maybe some appetizers, but I'm now trusting of my boyfriend's initial disgust for this place.  He only agreed to go there so he could prove to me that it was bad. 1 point for the boyfriend.Very decent food, I'm a big fan of their breakfast, and is great for large group lunch meeting. Staff is friendly and most of the time efficient. A good safe choice.Bridget Foy is a sweet little neighborhood bistro with nice food, good wine and beer, and cool cocktails. More vegetarian options, especially for brunch, would make it stronger for me, however. The veggie burger is awesome, one of the best in town.I always have a good time here. It's an odd thing to like a place so much that you end up there too often, and you have to *try* to not go there. 
Seems like whenever we need a next stop for drinks in Old Town, we're back at B.Foys.
Good service, good appetizers, good atmosphere. 
The thing you want the most in a bar, especially one in the heart of Philly's nightlife, is a friendly face in an area full of crowded, pretentious drunkards. Somehow, even though this place can afford to be total dickheads, they're actually cool. Even if they don't remember my face, they act like old friends each time I'm there.I have been to Bridget Foy's many times over the years.  It is a consistently good restaurant with a good location.  Me and my dining buddy for the evening decided to hang around Penn's Landing and we got hungry and after walking around a few places in the Head House Square vicinity, we decided on Bridget Foy's.  We decided to sit outside and enjoy the weather .  We spilt a few appetizers (fish tacos were tasty) and had drinks as well.  Bridget's has an average menu and the drinks are tasty, so that made our experience average.  When I think of my other visits - it's never over the top good, but it's satisfying.  
I want to mention the service is always pleasant and attentive.  I recommend Bridget's if you are in the are, nice location if you are dining outdoors - great people watching.I love this place!  This is the place where I bring all my friends to for happy hour.  I found over the years the happy hour menus keep changing.  I'm not sure if it changed for the worst this past year.  Selections of beers are mininal and apps were ok.  This could be a sign my love has wavered...I stopped in twice last year.  At least for dinner I still enjoy the good foods and the seasonal beers on tap is what keeps me coming.Nothing too extraordinary about dinner at Bridget Foy's, unfortunately -- typical hard-to-find South Street parking, a really blah draft and alcohol list, intermittent service, and average food.  Korean BBQ duck tacos were the highlight of the night, followed by an okay beet-and-fennel salad and a relatively decent lamb stew.  Prices seemed a bit steep for portion sizes and taste quality.The deviled eggs were amazing, so much so that we made a second order! And the white sangria was good as well, but my main course was mediocre.I went to Bridget Foy with my sis in law for restaurant week and found the experience to be ok. The hostess and wait staff were friendly but the food reminded me of a fast food restaurant. The menu had a lot of sandwiches and french fries on it. For someone desiring to eat a little healthier, there were limited options. I actually felt somewhat slighted because the food was not bad at all, just not many healthy choices. If the menu offered was indicative of their every day offerings, I wouldn't frequent this place. 
However, this casual environment seemed like a great place to chill or hang out with friends. If you are looking for a quick casual bite, this would be the kind of place to stop by and eat.I can't say anything but good things about this place. I went here for a big hat breakfast with my meetup group. The food was simply delicious. It was warm and prepared just right. The atmosphere is nice also they were able to accommodate our large group of 20 in the upstairs in our own private room. I definitely plan to go back again.Before I even begin, shall we note that I have worked at this restaurant part-time as a hostess during my "off months" between writing gigs. If that bit of news offends you, kindly stop reading this review immediately. 
However, this decades-old restaurant, situated on a corner some 20 feet from my apartment door, is also a place I've frequented as a customer over the past year. I won't comment on service or bartending, of which I'm unable to be unbiased (with both positive and negative opinions). 
But the food? The atmosphere? Definitely worth mentioning. 
There are few better places to sit outside, have a drink and watch the South Street oddities strolling along. I've brought family here numerous times, toddler in tow, when they've visited the city. It's been a date spot. It's been a place to grab lunch and read a book uninterrupted. 
Of the food: the specials are ever-changing and frequently creative. Happy hour specials include heavily discounted appetizers and large pitchers of sangria or bellini. Recommendations: indulgent grilled cheese and tomato basil soup combination, any burger on the menu, crisp and savory empanadas and the duck tacos. Vegetarians and celiacs have several items to choose from, if you ask enough questions. There are misses, to be sure, but the menu is improving. 
The Philly Beer Week Menu this year has been so over the top I went back twice and left heavily buzzed and giggly (read: intoxicated).I had been to Bridget Foy's years ago and thought the food was uninspired.  Recently, decided to give the place another shot.  So glad I did!!  The food is much better than I remember it -- and they have a yummy hamburger with a fried egg on top.  The beer list is not as long as some other places in town, but the available choices were very good.  Hopefully, the choices were not simply that good because it was the tail end of Beer Week.  Also, the servers were very attentive, plus the kitchen stays open late -- later than Redwood, where they couldn't offer food late on a Saturday night.It wasn't that it was bad. Just too many other better options. Burger was overcooked and fries were cold. Cobb salad was pretty good though. Can't take advantage of happy hour unless at the bar. Waiter made us feel rushed. Wouldn't return.Great neighborhood bar and restaurant.  Good choices for wine, beer and appetizers and really like the atmosphere.  One great mainstay is the grilled cheese with tomato soup.  Terrific on a cold day!  Though eat out on deck in summer.  Fun for people watching.If you haven't tried Dining In yet - you're missing out. While Seamless and GrubHub do offer free delivery for most of their restaurants, Dining In offers better choices. Unlike the aforementioned online delivery services, Dining In is a service that picks up takeout from restaurants and brings it to you. A third-party provider if you will.
On a recent night, the GF and I saw a deal for free delivery from Bridget Foy's on South Street. So we decided to check it out - minus the crazy crowds and drunken demeanor that's prevalent down there (not that there's necessarily anything wrong with that!).
Head House Market Burger ($13)
Herb mayo, swiss, mushrooms, fried egg
The burger arrived a bit of a mess, but what do you expect when you're talking about a fried egg and delivery. It's not yet on par with Smokin' Betty's Betty Burger, which is my favorite burger in Philly (probably due to the addition of avocados and pork belly on top of the fried egg). Still, this was a monster of a burger and luckily, I was able to reconstruct it.
The burger was cooked a bit more than the requested medium, so perhaps I should have asked for medium-rare and it would have arrived medium. While the patty itself could have been seasoned a bit more, the cheese, mushrooms, and fried egg helped to make it luxurious and coma-inducing (a good thing here). The accompanying fries were delicious and well-seasoned, though slightly limp.
Turkey Burger ($12)
Cranberry relish, basil mayo, gruyere, alfalfa sprouts
The GF opted for the turkey burger and you could smell the health coming off the burger as soon as I opened the box. The alfalfa sprouts were a nice dose of freshness. More importantly, the turkey burger was moist. The cranberry relish was the tangy foil to the heft of the basil mayo and gruyere, the dash of necessary naughty to the nice - in my opinion anyway.
Short Rib Fries ($9)
Of course, I couldn't help but order the short rib fries when I saw it on the menu. I asked for the short rib and cheese curds to be put on the side so I wouldn't receive a resultant soggy mess by the time the meal was delivered.
Dining In and Bridget Foy's did a great job in accommodating my request. The mozzarella curds were fresh and unsalted. However, the rich, savory short ribs made up for that - they had a great depth to them. The fries were fresh cut and well seasoned as well.
Together, the dish was highly reminiscent of a poutine - that oft-acclaimed dish from our neighbors to the North. You've got some crunch from the fries, richness from the short ribs, and fresh clean flavors from the curds. Delicious.
Overall, if you're ever on South Street or you feel like ordering in through Dining In, consider ordering the burger and better yet, the short rib fries at Bridget Foy's.Previously dined here for a Mother's day brunch. Very attentive and friendly service. Drinks were refreshing and they had great deals on their delicious mimosas and bellinis. The food portions were just right and quite flavorful. Highly recommended.Came in for happy hour on a Friday. We were able to get a table in the bar area right away. Staff was friendly but service was kind of confusing, one of the bartenders also served as a waiter. The crowd was mixed and very friendly.
Happy hour specials are good certain cocktails, wine, and beer all $4 or less. Had a few glasses of delicious and strong sangria. Happy hour also includes a number of $5 appetizers, we tried shrimp dumplings which were good but took a half hour to come out.
Decided to stay for dinner, my eggplant napoleon dish was served lukewarm and my friend's was very hot. After my food was warmed up it was good and the broccoli rabe was a nice alternative to spinach. My friend had butternut squash risotto which we both liked.
Overall I would come back, the staff was really friendly and the restaurant itself was relaxing. The free dessert(eggnog cheese cake) we were given might have also helped our night go better.I went to Bridget Foy's via a suggestion from a friend, and was not disappointed.  I had a great salad with candied pecans, goat cheese, and berries.  The service was friendly and quick, and the atmosphere was comfortable.  I wish the beer selection had been a bit more extensive, but all in all I had a good time, and would return next time I'm in the area.Service was amazing. Outdoor seating is top notch. I ordered the Strip Steak & although it had a nice presentation, it lacked flavor. The cut of meat was too fatty & contained way too much marbling for $26. I also ordered the Lobster Sliders, again, NO FLAVOR. I'll never eat here again, but drinking is a different story.We started off with the happy hour special of a pitcher of sangria for 15 bucks which was nice. Id have to say I really enjoyed everything we ordered. We ordered the pear goat cheese flat bread, hand cut fries with the chipotle mayo (very good) and jap ketchup (wish we went with the ranch). I also ordered the oysters, which were cape may salts (never a lose) which came with jersey tomato and cucumber mignonette. Four stars because it was my first time there, but I'm sure I'll be back to add that fifth star.After my first review I went back once more. And the experience was absolutely amazing change the whole first review and that's why I am giving you now 4 out of 5. I had being back five more times and each of the times better than the one before... Food is absolutely Exquisite!!! The casserole, the headhouse burger, the pinking pie, beef soup, Mac & cheese is OUT OF THIS WORLD! The chicken wings the phillycheese fritters WOW....Competent, not exciting.
I live in the neighborhood and have eaten here several times. I will focus on my most recent meal, which was Sunday brunch. That experience was well within the range of my other dining experiences.
Service was fine. It can be uneven as you may glean from other reviews. However, this time we were seated promptly. The rest moved along somewhat slowly, but that pace seemed fitting for a leisurely brunch. Sitting in the covered section outside was the best part of the experience. When the weather is nice, this is a great location for  people watching.
Now for the food. I had the sausage/biscuit benedict. This was quite good. I liked its earthy flavor and the gravy was a nice switch up from the traditional hollandaise. So far so good. The potatoes, unfortunately, were mediocre at best. Breakfast potatoes are all about the texture. These were soft and mushy little cubes. My guess is that they were pre-cooked and then nuked. My friend had a chorizo omelette. Not inspired. the egg was pretty bland with a few chunks of chorizo embedded in there with no blending of tastes. Finally, the coffee was, well again, competent. Somewhat insipid for my taste. 
In summary, this is a fine place to go with friends that are not actually into food. I suspect that since the restaurant has been around for a long time, they haven't kept pace with what a fine food town Philly has become. A pleasant experience, but not a gastronomic one. If you are into food, other places in the neighborhood trump this one.My second visit to Bridget Foy's took place on a Saturday around Noon. Dining Partner and I were looking to enjoy the nice weather and eat good food. Bridget Foy's had a few empty outside tables and a menu that caught our eye. To start we split an order of fried calamari. It was really good, but there were a lot of tentacles and I much prefer calamari rings. I enjoyed the Country Chicken Sandwich while Dining Partner had the burger. The chicken sandwich wasn't how I remembered it, this was more panini-like toasted on both sides. Both of our entrees were good, but DP would have appreciated more meat on his burger. Overall a good meal, nice service, and especially wonderful outside seating. If we had room for dessert we would have definitely ordered the cracker jack sundae; we had a taste of it at Philly Cooks and it was out of this world!I've lived in the area for over a decade now, and passed by this place millions of times without giving it a second thought. Yesterday a friend and I were eating and drinking our way around the South St area and stopped in here to check out their happy hour. We got a $15 carafe of white sangria that I thought was absolutely delicious, I was even using my cocktail straws as tiny chopsticks to pluck out the grapes and strawberries. Even though we already had lunch, we were tempted by the $5 plates and shared some cheesesteak egg rolls and calamari. The cheesesteak egg rolls came with a red pepper ketchup to remind us of the peppers available at Pat's and Geno's. The calamari was presented in a big paper cone with a spicy aioli as well as a salsa that we weren't sure how to use. Both dishes hit the spot. Before leaving we looked over the full menu and there are lots of things I would love to try, I most certainly will return.I recently arranged a large dinner here with several co-workers on a Tuesday night.  i was skeptical of the cost ($35 per person) but it was a three course meal and I agreed to pay it.  When we arrived they had one waitress who was attending to our entire group (well over 35 people) and we had to go to the bar to order drinks ($6/beer, $9-12 per cocktail).  Many of the entrees were served cold, and a few of our orders were switched.  All of this was not what I expected when my group was paying such a large sum of money, but the most egregious thing happened after they brought out the check.  We were charged for seven extra meals for people who RSVP'ed for the event but were unable to make it due to conflicts at home!!!  So, everyone in my party had to pay extra money for meals that were not served and that were cold to begin with.  I felt taken advantage of, and I would not recommend this place to anyone.We came here for a Valentine's Day dinner this year. We received a great offer for a holiday special - free champagne when you ordered off of the sweetheart menu! While we had many other places on our list to try, Bridget Foy's rose to the top this week, because who can say no to free champagne?
We enjoyed the 3 course meal. The chilled lobster salad was well done - the pieces of lobster impressed me - it was cooked really well. My oysters casino were nice. Maybe a little too bready. Fiance got the pork chop, which was a bit rare for my taste, but he enjoyed it. It did seem to be a really small portion for an entree (not a shared small plate). My steamed clams were good, but again, a pretty small portion for an entree. But then, dessert came. Oh, dessert. I try to say no, but prix fixe is prix fixe, right? It was probably the best part of dinner - a rich, sumptuous chocolate cake and a smooth, caramel drenched budino. Suddenly, we were full.
The champagne was nice, of course. But the service seemed a bit rushed. There was no lingering here on Valentine's Day. The order was taken as the champagne was brought, and everything felt very methodical. That being said, it was more of a vibe thing than anything objectively wrong with the service.
Overall, it was a good night, and we were glad we came. We would definitely return, maybe on a not-so-busy night, or for one of the whiskey tastings we saw on the chalkboard.
Thanks for a nice Valentine's Day, Bridget Foy's!Bridget Foy's is a neighborhood gem! There is something on the menu for everyone and the food is always delicious . Service is friendly, welcoming, and effective. Ambiance is warm and the restaurant is often festively decorated. The Foy family makes everyone feel like they are happy they came. It is a joyful  spot with great food and fair prices.Won't be back. We go every year for easter brunch. There are about 30 tables open and they are only taking reservations. They just lost a customer. I will never be back.Recently had a great Sunday brunch here while visiting Philly on the weekend. While I'm not usually a brunch fan, this place was very good.  The waiter couldn't be more attentive and he recommended some good drinks and the fried pickle appetizer. Yum, I didn't know fried pickles could be so delectable!  Hubby and I both had different breakfast burritos, mine steak and eggs, his crab, both were excellent.  Great location on South Street, fun atmosphere. My  only complaint is the tiny bathroom on second floor, up a narrow stairway. Need to add a restroom on first floor for patrons!Easilly the classiest eats on South Street (which these days, ain't saying much), Foy's menu items are time tested - woderfully fried calamari, solid burger, surprisingly tasty chimichangas - with an always top-notch beer selection on tap.  Soups aren't necessarilly their forte, but I'll give them this - the dawn of fall brings with it a curried sweet potato broth with toasted coconut that's way better than it sounds. All that plus the most entertaining people watching in the city...if you're into that sort of thing.After a solid brunch experience here, our lunch meal was a disappointment. The mac-n-cheese had no flavor, the only reason it was edible was the bits of bacon that we got added on (for a $1 extra). The pork spring rolls were good but tasted a bit stale, taste was good when dipped in the accompanying sauce. Banana budino was great with the caramel, the banana filling (the majority of the dish) was bland. All in all the food just didn't have enough flavor.I come with my two young boys every week. The staff is always professional and attentive. The food is consistent and satisfying. Definitely recommend Bridget Foys for family dining on South St! They are pet friendly too, for well behaved pets!Pretty cool place. Seats outside are great for people watching and the bar has a nice pub feel. The food is very good. The grilled cheese and tomato soup is great on a cold day. The beer selection is decent and the bloody mary was tasty; the alcohol seems priced a little high. Good place, worth checking out during a stroll down South St.My family and I were going to eat here and had a party 7. When I went to put our name in the manager flat out said no and that "our kitchen can't handle it." I felt that we weren't allowed to eat there because we had a "large" party. The manager was extremely rude. We had 120 dollars worth of gift cards to spend and were still turned away. We went across the street and ate at Patty Whacks, it was fantastic there.came here on a first date last night. Sat outside at a table. Even tho we were not ordering food at the time, they didnt mind us sitting there. The waiter was sweet. It happened to be happy hour and we didnt know it. $4 wines by the glass and some appetizers on the cheap. The staff was on point. Not over bearing not absent. just perfect. There is great people watching being on south street. but far enuf away from the rif raf. Perfect weather and great company might have helped this review. But i would def hang out there again.This is a good place to grab a couple drinks and apps. They can accommodate large group and have a sizable outdoor seating area which is covered. I have been here several times and have enjoyed the rotating draft list and some of their apps. Would probably for elsewhere for a full meal.Always excellent!
Great location
I had the short rib flatbread, really good 
Pineapple'Rita was delish
Ended with Cracker Jack sundae !
Our waitress was super friendly and Bridget herself checks on your table also. 
Check them out, they have all kinds of specials every day.Gotta say it was a disappointing experience. Food was mediocre. I got the fried chicken which for some reason was the sweetest dish outside of dessert that I've eaten. Ended up hardly eating and bringing it home to fry up and add some savory spices to make it better. Then we got the bill and it was incorrect. We had tried to order a beer, but they didn't have it on tap any longer, but they ended up billing us for it, and also charged us a $1 extra than the chicken was listed on the menu. 
I wonder if their brunch is better? I would hope so. Otherwise, why bother coming back.I've been here twice, once with my dad when I skipped my prom to see a Maroon 5 concert, and again with my boyfriend.  Both times we sat out on the deck, and the food was so good!  I had the calamari appetizer both times, and both times it was delicious, so crunchy and flavorful!  I don't remember what I had as an entree, but I also don't remember anything bad about it.  It's a nice place to go for a date, and make sure you sit outside!This is one of the few places my bf and I have ever agreed on, and where we can both choose freely from the menu (he's a solid steak and potato guy, I'm a vegetarian). 
The grilled fennel salad with beets, goat cheese, and arugula was *insanely* good, but for the size, it was a touch overpriced at $11, as was his hoagie salad. It was a scant amount of meat and cheese on a giant plate of romaine, although getting him to consume an entire plate of anything green is worth the price.
The special pumpkin goat cheese fettuccine was creative and almost perfect, and he practically swallowed his steak whole.
Service was decent, not bad, not over the top. It's definitely a new favorite go to.Worst place ever.  Service =complete incompetence. We were 8 girls who are lawyers trying to split a bill and it took us ONE hour. The management does not know how to use a calculator or what the definition if "good customer service" is. The food was ok at best - the mac and cheese was good but everything else was extremely over salted. Also we brought in the yelp dessert coupon and the waitress did not want take it... I would not recommend this place to anyone.
Wish I COULD GIVE THIS PLACE ZERO STARS.Finally went here before a show at the TLA.  We both enjoyed our samiches (which were served VERY quickly - especially for a Saturday night) and the drinks were tasty too. Nothing mind blowing here, for sure, but a solid spot. Been there forever, it seems, I hope it continues to be a pilar of South Street.There's hardly ever a time I go in here and don't have a great time. This place has been on South St. for years and I haven't been disappointed yet. Not that I'm looking forward to such an occasion but I really like the atmosphere here.
 It was the night of the debates so I sat at the bar to take a listen and view of what was going on. It was pretty full this night but not crowded. There was a light din but audibly comfortable for the number of people inside.
Finding an outlet to my left, I plugged my phone for a charge then ordered a glass of Red wine. Wine is always cool and relaxing and sets my palate up for kicking back and enjoying a tasty meal.
 On the menu were this Fish Tacos. Hmmm, I had fish of course and tacos too but never fish tacos. There were some other appetizers on the menu so Fish Tacos it was.
 Three fish sticks wrapped in a fajita with guacamole and garnished with shredded carrots on top.
 They were good and I wanted them to last so they really should give you two more to make it feel worthwhile for the cost but more is always better anyway right?
 I won't mention the cost here so you'll have to go and see for yourselves. They were really good to be fish sticks. Would I get them again? Only if I got a bonus of another one added. I chatted with both sides of my barmates which was way more cordial than the debate between the two candidates on t.v. I had another glass of wine that the very friendly, attentive and lovely barista poured me and made my exit til next meal.Have always loved this placed. It's not that there is anything particularly special about it; the drinks are well made, the food is always good, and the service is on point and friendly...it's just that there's never anything wrong with it. 
Whether you're stopping by to sit outside for a drink, going on a date, or need a place to have an event - Bridget Foy's is always good.Went to this restaurant with some out of town guests and an active 5 year old in tow. 
This is located on South Street so it is a little noisy with the street activity as motor cycles fly by on occasion and other motor vehicles. 
The ambience is good, not great it is a bar like setting but bright. Seating is comfortable and they were able to handle our group of 5 on short notice mid-week. 
They have a decent beer and wine selection. I had a good stout to drink. It came at a perfect temperature for a stout, not too cold or too warm. 
Our party ordered a decent kids meal for the 5 year old. He did not consume a lot of it. Not sure why. 
My wife ordered eggplant, which was good and hearty. She was full after eating it and not wanting dessert. 
My Aunt ordered the pork chop but was not happy it had cooked spinach. She did not read carefully. She had no other complaints. 
My uncle and I ordered a special Hangar steak. It was perfectly cooked medium rare, which is hard to do. It was flavor ful and came with cheddar mashed potatoes. 
Dessert of cherry pie for me was good, but not great. The pie should have been warm, it was not. 
My guests ordered an empanada with guava and loved it. 
Parking is on the street, so come prepared to drive around if it is on the weekend.Great, simply put. Like the menu and beer selection always right on, just installed new tap lines so the drafts should only improve. Good during happy hour for small bites and discounted drinks. Great to sit outside too when weather is nice. Also, other good spots are close- Xochitl, DarkHorse (depends), Zot is decent, anyway, go here. Sign up for the Reward Card online prior to going and accumulate free stuff. You also get $25 on your b-day.I ordered take out (regular burger and tomato soup for about $20) from this place since it was literally a few hundred feet from where I was staying on a trip to Philly.  The restaurant/bar tends to be packed after 7pm so depending on if you like a crowd or not beware.  Staff is friendly and my order was ready to go on time.  The price is on the expensive side for what you get but I can understand why they would do this to keep riff raff out.  The soup was not bad or really good.  The burger was high on fat/grease, did not have any fresh/crunchy vegetables on it, and is not something I would get again.  If you are in the area I would say stop in and check them out.The food here is ok.  I'd heard good things about it, so I wanted to try it, but I wasn't really impressed.  I went in July and it was almost as hot inside as it was outside, so my friend and I opted to sit outdoors. The location is nice, but I don't know that I'll go back.Went on a Saturday for brunch. Nice place. Cozy. Had the eggs Benedict florentine.  YummyI've been here several times and so far, each time has gotten progressively worse.  The wait staff seems to think that they are better than their customers.  Portion sizes are getting smaller.  The cook staff seems to forget that when you put an order in for preparation style, it ought to be done that way.
Won't be returning.  I've tried several times to like this place but have been burned too many times.As a member of Bridget's Rewards Club I received a $25 gift certificate for my birthday. The Astronomer and I went to lunch today to cash-in my present and to celebrate my birthday, again!
The Astronomer avoids ordering ravioli when we go out to eat because it usually means skimpy portions. Since it was lunchtime, he thought it would be a great opportunity to order his beloved stuffed pasta. The ravioli portions were indeed small (4), but the Astronomer did not mind because they were delicious. Each handmade pillow was stuffed with a creamy pumpkin and spice mixture just sweet enough to suit the Astronomer's taste. The apple brandy cream sauce was velvety smooth; the Astronomer scraped up every last bit with his fork. He commented that the nuts added a nice crunch. I also thought the ravioli was tasty, but I was definitely in a savory mood.
My Thanksgiving-inspired panini was wonderful. The bread was toasted to a lovely crisp with grill marks present. The turkey was moist and sliced thinly. The cranberry mayo was lightly applied and thus only showed up in a few bites. From the menu's description I was expecting a side of stuffing with my sandwich, but it turned out the stuffing was actually inside the sandwich. What a fantastic addition! The panini was served with a mesclun mix salad dressed in a vinaigrette. It was simple and good enough.
Since we were in a festive mood, we decided to order dessert. The pear tart was one of the dessert specials during our visit. The tart was served warm with ice cream on top and a drizzling of caramel. The warm and delicate tart combined with the cold ice cream and sweet caramel was luscious. The shortbread cookie added a fine crunch.sunday brunch brought my friend and i to this restaurant. we chose to sit outside because the weather was pleasant. i'm glad we did because the inside of the restaurant was quite crowded. as i desired a light meal, i ordered the tomato soup and the beet, fennel, and goat cheese salad with the house tempranillo. 
the tomato soup was appropriately acidic and certainly not too tart. it came drizzled with some sort of basil oil (?)  sometimes tomato soups are too creamy, but this one was perfect; it didn't sit heavily in my stomach after the meal. 
the beet salad was average. it consisted of a HUGE mound of overly dressed greens with about 6-8 small chunks of roasted beet and two scoops of goat cheese (about an inch each in diameter.)  the salad had a nice flavor but entirely too much dressing. i was expecting about 1/2 the amount of greens and more beets but c'est la vie.
the house tempranillo was very nice. it paired well with my soup and salad.
i'll likely come here again to check out other menu items. the egg dishes looked very tasty, though heavy.
nota bene: unless there's a downstairs bathroom, don't even think about bringing a handicapped person here. you have to travel up a very long set of stairs to access the men's and women's rooms.I gave my daughter a sweet sixteen dinner party on 3/7/14 in one of the private rooms.  Not only did Bridget accommodate me in so many ways but she was patient with all my many demands and requests.  Bridget (as per my request) even came up with a non alcoholic "signature drink" for the special occasion.  The food and service was awesome and my 27 teenage guests approved as well.  I will definitely highly recommend this restaurant for private and regular dinning to people in the future.
Thanks again Bridget...By far, the best neighborhood restaurant. They have a fantastic menu, drinks are great and the best part is the staff. Everyone is so friendly and have great knowledge of the food they serve. Their meatloaf is beyond amazing, and the mac and cheese with chicken is to die for. Love this place.We have started making this a once-per-week ritual (we live in the area). We love the fries and we call it "burger night", but we generally get different dishes. They've recently switched to their summer menu so there's different things to try.
The Headhouse Burger is a fav and they generally hit the temperature just right every time I've ordered it. The desserts could have more variety.Gorgeous afternoon for a patio lunch on the corner of 2nd and south street.  We were seated, waited on and served quickly.  Good drinks and lots of options.  Fish tacos were very good!Organized an open bar party here. Copper bar is a good intimate space for 35 people. Only annoying thing was toward the end of the night they ran out of glasses and reverted to styrofoam cups lolGreat food great service. 
Definitely my go to spot on South Street.
Clean, friendly service
Can get a bit crowded but worth the wait.I had a really nice brunch on a Saturday here. We came right at 11 and it was quiet but filled quickly. The servers and the staff were really nice. I was even showed the party space upstairs which is really nice. I had the steak and eggs and my daughter had the eggs Benedict with smoked salmon. We ate every bit. It was all perfect. We also enjoyed the bacon bourbon popcorn. The flavor was perfect. Bridget Foy's had nothing to do with the free Saturday parking but that just made my trip out with my daughter that much enjoyable. Best part...I don't know how they cook their breakfast potatoes but they stayed hot and crunchy the entire time I ate. Wonderful!!I have been to Bridget Foy's 3 times now and each time it has disappointed me. I keep going back, thinking its going to be better because its close and it has a nice outdoor seating area but its food is honestly lackluster. 
The service was slow and the food is entirely unimpressive, especially for the price I'm paying. The chicken sandwich during brunch this past week was a small, shriveled and mostly just breading. The shakshuka lacked any originality or flavor. I was highly disappointed by my meal and honestly didn't finish it. Left and will never be returning.Went there on a Saturday Night for a friend's birthday! The server was amazing-- like literally, the best I've had, the food was pretty good (I had the veggie burger) and the atmosphere/decor was pretty! Strawberry Blonde Sangria was super good too. Great place, we all left happy, and I will be coming back. And they gave a complimentary drink to the birthday girl, and sang her happy birthday and put a candle in the amazing pumpkin cheesecake we ordered. Prices are pretty reasonable too!We came here for Sunday Brunch. The food and service were excellent. Will definitely return.This was our 2nd choice option for dinner tonite, nothing looked too great for me on the menu, and I took a shot & ordered the Short Rib dinner, so glad I did ! The short ribs were break-apart delicous, served with a mac & cheese that was not too cheesy but was just right in the cheese flavor department, also 3 roasted asparagus that were not too thick but could have cooked just a tad longer. My guest ordered the lamb shank over mushroom risotto and judging from how clean his dish was, with just the bare lamb bones left on the plate, I must say he thoroughly enjoyed his meal.
We were very hungry and didn't really want any appetizers, but it would have been nice to serve us some bread or rolls while we waited for our dinner.
If I had more time on my parking spot, I may have stayed for dessert.I have been on a quest for a good burger in Old City/Society Hill. My favorite burger in the city (not to cross-reference) is the Abbot's Burger at Monk's- and I have been looking for another tasty burger joint East of Broad Street. I have walked past Bridget Foy's, located in Headhouse Square, probably 100 times and never walked in, because it looked obvious and tourist-y. But, after unsuccessfully trying to navigate the confusing halls of the Dark Horse (we could not find a hostess or anyone to seat us, and it seemed to go on and on for miles!), my boyfriend and I decided to give Foy's a try.
The burger at Bridget Foy's is excellent. Very juicy, perfectly cooked (medium, for me!) and a delicious sampling of toppings- I went traditional and had mine with cheddar and pickles, but there is literally something for everyone. The fries are okay. Not the best, but pretty tasty.
I also tasted the fried chicken sandwich. Skip it. It was dry and difficult to eat- though the chipotle mayo was excellent. 
I haven't had the entrees, and honestly I probably won't. The sandwiches are reasonable, all between $11-$14 each. The entrees creep up past this into the $20s, and they didn't thrill me.
A couple of nice things to note:
-If you fill out a card at your table, they will send you a $10 gift card after your first visit, $25 on your birthday, and $25 for every $250 you spend.
-The ciabatta they give you while you wait for your food is delicious!
Overall: for a reasonably priced  quick bite, this is a great spot. The burger is excellent, and actually the best one that I have had on this side of town. The gift cards in the mail (one for me and for my boyfriend) mean that we will go back at least twice. It is a pretty good place!Really good food, although a bit on the pricey side, which is standard for Philadelphia. There are standard menu items, and then specials which are usually quite good. Service is quick.
There is outdoor seating, and in the summertime the floor-to-ceiling windows are all opened and the atmosphere is great.
The rest of this review is just an amusing story, and has nothing to do with the rating. A while ago, Bridget Foy's had this big plastic spark plug affixed to the corner of the building. I thought it was because the building had once been an auto parts store -- you get a lot of old surviving features like that in Philadelphia.
So after going a few times, I finally worked up the courage to ask about it (I'm shy by nature). The waitress said that she thought it was part of a promotion they had done a while back, something about Bridget Foy's being "sparky". Well, it was as good an explanation as any. Although I like mine better.Good service.
Average Bloody Mary's..really, no spice at all.. drinking tomato juice with vodka.
Breakfast was good, atmosphere was better. Sit outside, ppl watch, walk around the hood.For a restaurant on South St, Bridget Foy's food is pretty darn good.  It also doesn't look like a gross and trashy bar which is a plus.  
The entrees are on the pricey side $18+ but they're good.   What's really awesome is their special on Thursdays -- $10 beer & burger. YUMMY & CHEAP!  I had the turkey burger with cranberry, alfafa sprouts, & avocado aioli.  It was scrumptious!!  Usually turkey burgers just don't taste the same or aren't as filling as a regular burger.  However this one was awesomely filling and yummy.  It came with a side of fries.  For the beers, they have the usual taps like Yuengling but they also usually have 6 seasonal beers on tap.  I had a very light cider beer and it was very crisp -- I liked it a lot.  They also gave our party of 4 complimentary dessert -- some kind of apple crisp.I've been here many times and finally come to the conclusion that there are only about 4 things that are good on the menu and you need to order those items if you want to leave satisfied.
Great outdoor seating for people watching on the end of South Street, and polite service. (Be warned - sitting outside you will have to sometimes deal with the drunk South Street homeless.)
Here are the four things you should order:
1)Tomato Fennel / basil pesto soup, $5
2)Goat Cheese Salad / summer greens / candied walnuts / dried cherry vinaigrette, $9 
3) Grilled Cheese / parmesan crust / cheddar / tomato fennel soup, $8
4) Mac and Cheese / Wisconsin cheddar / ham, $7
And dear god; Whatever you do, do not come here for a nice dinner.Bridget Foy's is a sleeper hit. After 30-plus years at the corner of Second and South Streets, the restaurant remains under the radar to many Philly foodies. It is certainly not because of the food. I blame the unfortunate stigma surrounding the South Street neighborhood. Whatever it is, don't wait any longer to try Bridget Foy's. As someone who has tasted almost everything on the menu, you can trust me.  
Let's start with the weekend brunch menu, shall we? Like the lunch and dinner menus, the dishes may appear standard but most are executed with BF flair.  The breakfast Flatbread with scrambled eggs, bacon,  roasted green chiles, jack cheese, and jalapeno ketchup is a crowd pleaser. You'll die and go to brunch heaven after trying the Stuffed French Toast with spiced apples, brie and maple pecan butter. Wait, did I mention these dishes are $10 and $11, respectively? Don't forget about the Crab Burrito and the BLT Omelet. 
Moving right along to lunch... My perfect lunchtime meal consists of the Tomato Fennel Soup with the Mushroom Flatbread. I'm just as happy when I order the black bean Veggie Burger. In my opinion, decent veggie burgers are hard to come by, but the hearty option at Bridget Foy's is consistently fresh. Plus, the hand-cut fries are simply banging. 
In addition to the Veggie Burger, BF offers an expansive burger list available anytime. If you visit the restaurant on Wednesday nights, a burger and a beer will only cost you $10. Bridget not only serves good food, she's also generous!
When eating dinner, I regularly start my dinner with the Korean BBQ Duck Tacos and a side of smiles. I am comforted by the Cadillac Meatloaf as well as the Mac and Cheese and all of its toppings.  
Try the desserts, which are homemade and change seasonally. 
That my friends, is Bridget Foy's in a nutshell. It's reliable. It's affordable. It's open early and it's open late. Soon enough, it'll feel like home.Awesome food for whole family (party of 7 with 5 children)  Great atmosphere and service.I came here for my birthday and I'll start of by saying our server Shawn was the best ! Unfortunately he isn't there anymore.
The food was good. I did come again and they changed their menus, which feels a little limited than the old one. I must admit I did like the old menu better but the food was still decent.What should have been a happy birthday celebration was ruined because of the manager of Bridget Foys. My 30 year old daughter drove down from New York to take her sister to dinner for her birthday. The manager told my 30 year old daughter that her New York State drivers license was a fake and took it away from her. After much arguing he finally gave it back. What a jerk.Stopped in for a beer before going to a show. Waitress Caren wow she is a very wonderful lady. Sit in her section she makes sure that your time in the restaurant is enjoyable. Plus she is very knowledgeable about the city and things to do. Big ups to her.Great Burgers and beer! I highly recommend their pom frites. I've had equally good experiences with going there in a big group and with just one other person. It has as fun Atmosphere with friendly, fast staff.I have been eating at Foy's fairly regularly for the past 4 or 5 years now and felt it was high time I did a review.  Since I have been eating her regularly for several years, I think what I will do is simply highlight some positive experiences over the years. I have most often eaten there "late night" and for brunch.
*A friend of mine is a vegan with gluten allergies.  Even though it was late in the evening (the kitchen was closing in about a half hour) the kitchen happily prepared her a hummus plate with nothing but a variety of fresh vegetables, inlcuding bell peppers, green beans, carrots, cucumbers, celery, and I do believe a couple others. The server was very patient checking the ingredients of the tomato fennel soup (gluten free if memory serves) and what have you to assist with my friend's dietary needs.
* My friend was visiting from CA and Foy's had diver scallops as a special.  They were so delicious my friend shunned dessert (shocker for her!) as she wanted the taste of the scallop to linger as long as possible.I didn't blame her; it was succulent, beautifully carmelized, and delicate.
* They have an excellent loyalty rewards program.  If you eat in the bar for late night, you get a nice discount.  Also you collect points over time and I do believe they are redeemable at any time; I redeemed several points on New Year's Eve about 3 years ago.  They also send you a 25.00 certificate for your birthday. This past Sunday, we went for brunch and used my certificate.  A 46.00 brunch became 21.00 (Of course, we tipped on the full amount)!  I highly recommend the short rib hash.  Succulent, rich, adn complex. It made me happy eating it.
* I do believe Foy's calamari was the first I ever really loved!  It is light, crisp, and not at all greasy, or the dreaded rubbery you find in poor calamari.  It is accompanied by two spicy dipping sauces (Sorry I don't remember the sauces better.  I have not had the calamari in awhile).
All in all, I think Foy's gets a bit knocked because of the neighborhood it is in.  South Street has a skethcy reputation at this point and what are you gonna do?  Next time you want a good brunch or a juicy burger, or late night snacks, give Foy's a try.Was invited to a birthday party Saturday evening which was so will done by the barmaid and other staff.  The first time I have ever had a medium red slider that was moist on a fresh brioche bun. 
Good job staff!I had really good Mac and cheese here and I wanted to write a short review about it! It comes in a small boat and is baked with crushed chips on top. It's incredibly rich and I personally couldn't eat the entire thing, but I'm sure some people could. The whole thing must be thousands of calories but it's worth it if you want to try something new! Nice patio too!My wife just got into town (we moved last week) and I wanted to show her around the neighborhood and grab a quick bite.  I know South St. food has a touristy rep, but Foy's looked a nice place to get some emergency chow and a drink or two.
Service was prompt and on point for a busy Saturday afternoon; we went with a smattering of apps.  Beer selection wasn't broad, but they had non-macrobrewed and wine. 
Our waitress read our mind and staggered the apps, starting with three flavors of hummus...pesto...olive...redpepper..accompanied by pita wedges.  Smooth and flavorful were all three...i liked the peppery pesto best.
 The calamari came served in a paper-cone in a stand w/ the spicy mayo sauce and a side of pico d'G...best part was they threw in fried jalapeño rings...nice touch.  Crab Spring Rolls were so-so...not too greasy...vermicelli inside was crunchy good.
It was fun to people watch South St. on a Saturday with some beers and bites, but I got the vibe that if we went deeper into the menu we may have met with disappointment.I ordered the meatloaf. It was served as two little patties and tasted 'ok'.  I was warned though - my gf said to keep my expectations low. Not much else to say about this place. Great location too - they should step up their game.Bridget Foy's is your typical South Street eating establishment, maybe a little classier. Standard bar food, average beer and wine list, decor a step above Friday's or the like.
When the weather is nice it's a good place to sit outside and people watch with a few drinks.It's on the quieter end of South St, so if you have your parents coming to visit this is an acceptable place to take them.
Last time I went I decided to get a soup and a salad. The soup was delicious, but the salad was TERRIBLE. The plate that it was served on was not warm, but hot...I could barely touch it. In turn. the salad was limp and very unappetizing. Furthermore, as soon as the food was dropped, our waiter vanished! My boyfriend got the meatloaf which he was satisfied with, though it looked like a small portion to me.
So in conclusion, not bad, not great....but I would go to Supper.Not a fan of the tiny portions and cold unfriendly service.  It was nice to eat outside but it felt like our waiter kept neglecting us.  I think this place is very very overrated and expensive for what you get.You can always get a great meal at B-Foys! Love the eggplant napoleon, the peanut butter cheese cake, hummus, and blood orange blinis! It is so nice for brunch, or even a lite night dinner. It's a cool place to hang, and the servers are really nice!Me and  my fiancee are considering hosting a wedding dinner here and so decided to drop in and get a taste  of their food, ambiance etc.  We stopped in for a Sunday brunch, we had (but didn't need reservations). Our table had whole wheat pancakes, Pear stuffed french toast and deviled eggs (starter/snack). One of the best stuffed pear french toast I have heard, whole wheat pancakes with maple pecan butter were light and so yummy  neither of us needed the syrup, Service was friendly, attentive. First impressions are positive for Bridget Foy's.This review is based solely on brunch time, but it was DELICIOUS! 
I went Sunday on a whim because we didn't feel like walking far and we had never been here before. 
I ordered the Country Sausage Eggs Benedict....Homemade maple sausage, on a biscuit, poached egg and creamy southern white gravy. Do you really need me to talk about how good this was? I'll give you a minute for the saliva to well up at the back of your tongue. It was served with a slice of cantaloupe and a wedge of orange, just enough fruit to not make you feel bad about your breakfast choice. 
The side must have been their home style home fries, complete with peppers and onions. They were also equally delicious. 
Eggs Benedict is always served in 2's, but in this case 1 truly is enough. 
Sunday brunch, outside seating....our waitress was on top of things. 
I'd come back....I can't promise I'll deviate from my original selection though...it was just THAT good.The most unlikely place to enjoy a quality burger and beer sitting on the outside porch with your well-behaved dog resting comfortably beneath the table.  There aren't enough dog-friendly restaurants in this area.  The porch area is a tight cozy space but the waitstaff is super friendly bringing fresh water for the pooch and cold beer to the rest of the crew.  Cocktails are also tasty.  Menu favorites include fish tacos and Mac-n-cheese.