Had a reservation tonight for a party of 18, however upon arrival we were told that our reservation was canceled due to a private party. We were never notified of the cancellation nor were we accommodated for our party. Very disappointed in how this situation was handled by the management tonight and will never recommend this bar/restaurant to our colleagues.Stopped here for a beer because we were told the selection was awesome.  Maybe it is but we never met a ruder bartender anywhere.  Thought it was because we were a little older but then observed him being even nastier to a couple of young guys.  Guess he thought they wouldn't tip him.  Well we usually leave great tips - even for mediocre service.  But this guy was just all around rude.  Left a slight tip anyway cause he was scary.  Won't be back.Ended up here on Sunday evening, and again a little later on Sunday night this past weekend (plans changed and it turned out being alright).  My boo and I stopped in for an early evening drink around 6ish and there were a decent amount of seats at the bar. I had the Clown Shoes Clementine Ale which I really liked a lot, and we had one of the pretzels to share. The cheese fondue sauce that comes with the pretzel is so good.. I could probably drink it. The pretzel was pretty good too, although overall I think I prefer Brauhaus' pretzel over Bru's.
Fast forward about 3 hours, to meeting up with friends back at Bru, and the place is packed. I get what others are saying in reviews about this place being a bro bar, because it totally is. I remained faithful to the Clown Shoes Clementine throughout the night and wasn't disappointed. I don't think that the prices for the beer are too expensive at all, and there's also a decent selection for those who are adventurous and like to try a bunch of new things.  We didn't try the tap your own beer wall, although I'd be interested to see what it's all about next time we stop in.  Overall, this is a pretty cool place with a decent atmosphere, and I'd definitely go back to Bru to try some of their food options and try some other beers.Philly Beer week 2017.  Always an excellent selection of beer.  A pretzel and mustard l, and food selection that makes it an authentic German restaurant.  Ironically I drop in here on my way to Germany - bc it's just as good and my English is better than my German.  Great wait staff and good crowd of people.  Come early for the best service especially on weekends.  Go across the street for some live music after a few pints and some food.Rachel is the best bartender ! Food and drinks always awesome. Happy hour is killer. Can't beat it!BRÜ-more like BOOO. I had high expectation for this place, just fell short. Very dark, very crowded, tight space & even tighter seating. I am a fan of sour beers, many to choose from and our waitress had sick knowledge of all the beers, well that's the positive. Food was average to Blahhhh. Started with the BRÜfries, looked like a cat threw up on them, but very good..Girlfriend started with the apple and potato pancakes, ahhh it was OK. Time for another beer to take my mind of the disappointment if the apps. Dinner, I had the Doner Kabob- (lamb shoulder, pickles, iceburg, yogurt sauce, flatbread) it was OK, and a side of  Spätzel- fried, no taste, needed salt or even a gravy. Time for another beer to add some flavor to this food. Girlfriend got typical Wurst sammy, she said it was good, she didn't finish it....I guess we'll have more more beer before we roll out since the beers were on point.A nice vibe inside. The food was decent, but the beer was expensive. $8 for a dunkel is a bit much. I do wonder if the male staff has to wear shorts with their butt cheeks hanging out and sexy tights. The uniform for the female servers isn't much different than a place like Hooters.This place is excellent! I went in for a nice relaxing drink after a hard day's work and was immediately greeted by the friendly staff. I got a nice, quiet section all to myself and my server, Tiffany, was nothing but pleasant. I got two beers that were both delicious and neither I've seen at other bars in Philadelphia. Mind you, I've lived in Philadelphia for awhile. Tiffany seemed to really know what she was talking about while making suggestions to me about what to drink. The beer wall was nothing short of amazing! I've seen such a cool feature in a bar before! Needless to say, I'll be making multiple trips here and bringing friends! Thanks Brü!Chill place. First came here with a gf and my cousin during HH-time on a weekday. Felt the other patrons were watching and completely judging us Asians pouring our beers trying to get minimal foam.....alright can't we all learn things for the first time without being stared out!? Let us beeee.
Second time, I came with a few girlfriends on a Friday night after ice skating at Dilworth. It was chill to just have some beers and hang out. We got to chitchat and also play some checkers. Their pretzel appetizer is good too!
Overall I like this place a lot! :)Being definitively older than the pub crawlers that were in the front of the house, I only stayed long enough to eat a wurst and get onto the next part of my night. Interesting if you want to people watch, but you'll have to contend with the crowds and layers of noise.This was our first stop after the hotel on our trip to Philly. The beer list was extensive, but we settled on some of the German drafts and ordered a couple of appetizers. 
The music inside was a bit loud, but the playlist was great and it wasn't so loud that we couldn't hold a conversation while we waited for the drinks and food to arrive.
The beer was great: cold, German, and served in a glass stein. The food, however, was even better...
The fried pickles appetizer was very tasty. The pickles were wrapped in bacon and then fried in some sort of tempura style batter. I wanted more when they were all gone. 
We also got a pretzel with the smoked Gouda fondue dip. This was also good but we could have used more cheese than we got. 
I can't speak about the entrees because we didn't get any, but this was a great stop for a little happy hour before heading out to dinner.Brats were good and the German beer help wash it all down.  Great German potato salad.  Very noisy inside and not much atmosphere but what do you want from a bar.  I loved the Kolsch. Kraut was fresh and homemade.Best place ever.  I think it was the best meal I ever had. Brisket so awesome. Service was very fast and caring. Very clean and cool atmosphere.  Thanks for a wonderful experience. I will certainly be back again!!I like BRU a lot but can't rate it highly because it doesn't stand out. Sure there are good beers and good food but when you're inside the bar it has a very in original feel to it. When I think of beer gardens or German bru pubs I think there is a certain atmosphere, for example brahous Schmidts is a great place for beer and brats.
Bru is a bar that serves good beer. Don't come here looking for an original German Bru pub because you're not going to get it.So admittedly, they've got a great selection of beer. Really great bottle list actually (despite grossly overpriced). I'll even give them the half-assed attempt at the "indoor German beer hall" look... Unfortunately, this is where the good part of this review ends.
The waitstaff at this establishment tends to care more about their social media accounts and their SnapChat selfie game than serving patrons. I sadly had to compete with an iPhone when ordering my beers, multiple times. And their credit system failed - so it was on me to to find cash without warning. And the poor girl was charging our drinks and food to the wrong tabs - pretty much with no method or madness. Happy hour prices should come with a disclosure that you should double-check your bill, because you can't count on them getting it right.
The food - mediocre. Nothing to write home about. Soggy and lukewarm fries. Portions of orders coming out 5+ minutes apart. Meh, to be expected.
If you're looking for a faux-German beer hall type of place to start your evening, this place can make the cut. But I guess what I'm getting at is that if you're up for a headache, come to Brü.Let me start off this review but describing the day that I went to this new spot.  It was Cinco De Mayo as well as the same day as the Broad St. run.  Many streets were blocked off for the party and needless to say there was people everywhere.  After hanging outside for a while, one of the people in our group suggested we check this place out.  It was packed along with McGillans across the street.  
With the owners knowing how much people party for Cinco, you would think that they would have more then TWO bartenders.  It was really unreal.  The bar is very long and they have countless taps (which is a plus) but I waited over 20 MINUTES to order one drink.  I started talking to a guy next to me who was desperately trying to get his tab.  He told me he'd been there 10 minutes prior to me.  Finally in the middle of waiting, I noticed off to the side they have a "self serve" beer option.  Basically, it's like a soda machine except for it has beer.  I believe they had 4 selections.  I asked a server and she quickly brushed me off and told me to go over to this desk on the other side of the bar.  At this point, I would just like to have a drink in my hand.  
I walk over and ask the guy for two "passes" for beers.  He told me that would be $20.  (um what? $10 a beer?) when I asked him he answered like I was the most clueless person on earth.  "yes you have to buy a key."  Uh, still have no idea what this even means as he didn't elaborate.  Excellent service.
I then went back to the bar but tried from a different end.  I asked a guy to serve me and apparently he was a bar back.  Instead of answering he just made the "cut" sign at his neck.  Classy.  
Finally, someone served me and it took him forever to get back to get my money.  I found some of my friends scattered around having the same problem.  We wanted to leave because it was ridiculous.  
It's really sad because this place is really awesome looking, and they have an amazing beer selection.  Like I said, having 2 bartenders on Cinco, and other employees who can't even bother to explain things really turned me off.  I'll stick to McGillans.A wonderful selection of foreign and domestic beers, great sausage and German appetizers. The three times I've been there it has been crowded but I've gotten fast and attentive service. If you're there with three other people and not sure what to get, I'd recommend the Haus Platte... All the sausage they make on top of piles of appetizers. They also have some good American food like pulled pork for people who may not feel in the mood for wurst.Went there on a Friday night, I didn't realize how big this place is until I walked in. They check ID at the door. There was a lot of people already, not packed though. 
My friend and I found a table to sit down. We both ordered wurst. My spicy wurst was ok, not great. But I thought this place is known for wurst?
What impressed me about this place is the large selection of beer. Will go back for their happy hour just for beer next time. 
This place is loud at night so be ready to scream to your friends when you are there. The service is attentive and friendly.nice selection of beer, good service, ok food, crappy large screen tv with terrible soundPretty solid place. Very spacious, could be great for groups. Large drink selection, very good. However, the food can be hit or miss. We were not happy with the potato pancakes nor the BRU fries, but the fried pickles were a favorite. The meats also tended to be pretty good.Good food and beer, but service below par. Why were there 6 waitresses standing around in the front yet I had to go up to the bar to get a water and ask twice for silverware after our appetizers arrived? At the bar noticed someone else couldn't get their waitress to pick up the check, so not just a problem I was experiencing. Also 3 workers sharing the sink in the ladies room getting ready for their shift to stand around wasn't all that professional. Seems like a "Hooters" image is enforced on them, but I've received quicker and more attentive customer service at Hooters. Food was good and $4 beers at Happy Hour also a great deal-not all complaints.Great local place to grab a brew.  This place is pretty popular right now so expect crowds Friday and Saturday nights.  Dont forget to try the food here, it's pretty amazing!I love coming here on nights out dancing. I like the brussels sprouts and potato latke. I have had the wings and they are pretty good too. I really enjoyed the steak frites too but, I think it is over priced for how much I got. I have also ordered the brisket sandwich and it was edible but the brisket wasn't good at all. I'm from TX and we have amazing brisket so, of course I was disappointed. I should have known better though than to expect good brisket up north. In my opinion, this place is super good for late night partying or just appetizers and drinks - not for your main meal.Only giving this two stars because the beer selection is good. Good was not good. Nobody at our table liked any of the dishes we ordered - except the pretzel. Pretzel was goodStopped  by on Sunday night, and was impressed!  The bar is gorgeous, and since the weather was good the back wall was opened.  Was with a group of 6 people so we tried a few things from the menu.  The pretzel is just a pretzel, but the cheese dipping sauce made it amazing.  The currywurst (wurst with curry ketcup and fries) was good, as was the flatbread.  The schnitzel was amazing... definitely worth the fried splurge.
As for the beers, I had an allagash oddesey before switching to the self serve beer station.  If work/live nearby, invest in a beer key!  Load it up with a few buck and then drink as much allagash white (or several others) as you want.  A few people noted poor service, but we had no problem whatsoever.  They did just open so I'm sure once they get into the swing of things that will be worked out.  Check it out!I came here for lunch. Sat at the bar. The bartender was super friendly and attentive. I had the wurst plate with the Denny sausage... It was great! The potato salad was a bit salty paired with the salty sauerkraut and salty sausage. But all and all it was great. They have a HUGE selection of beers! Great pub!Stopped by for a quick happy hour. It was waaaaay too loud and crowded for my liking. Like literally can not hear the person next to you loud. I tried the loaded fries and the sauerkraut cheese balls, and both were awesome! This place seems like it would be pretty cool, but the loud and hectic atmosphere really turned me off. Plus, the waitresses' outfits create a Hooters feel to the whole place, and it was kind of awkward seeing guys gawk and stare at them (small shorts and stockings). Seems like it would be a cool place on a non-busy time!I love this place. Its so much fun. They have a ton of different beer selections. I had great pumpkin beer. They do have some seating in the back. They had awesome music playing so i was able to have some fun dancing!!! It does get pretty crowded and the restrooms also have lines. But great place to go for the night!The cool sign, great location, never ending list of beers, loaded french fries and the fun German Hipster vibe all make me want to like BRU. But sadly the service sucked, which ruined the experience. 
I was recently at BRU for a fundraising event. For $10 you received one drink and access to an extended happy hour (Happy Hour here is great, $4 beers and $5 bites). Special seating in the back was even reserved for the event, which was great since the bar can get pretty crowded on a Thursday night. 
It took over 20 minutes for the waitress to come take my drink order, and when she brought the drink she was not even sure if it was correct. Getting additional drinks the rest of the night was a struggle as our waitress cared more about socializing and checking her phone.  
When the checks came, they were completely messed up. Our waitress even handed us back a a receipt with a credit card that didn't belong to us.Went for the food and was not disappointed.  Had the mostly veal wurst plate and it was excellent.  Also shared a caramalized apple desert -- fantastic.  And the best part was our waitress, Kelly.  She was always smiling, knew the menu and was most kind.  It's not easy getting good Geman food in Philadelphia, but you can count on this place.  Very interesting decor and probably lots of fun with a group of beer drinkers.Came here on a Friday night around 11 pm with some girlfriends. It was pretty crowded but we didn't have any trouble ordering a drink at the bar. I don't drink beer but my friends were really happy with the beer list they have. They also have a self serve beer bar, from what I understand you have to pay for a fob and you get a glass and thats how you use the self serve. The bartender did let us know that the self serve beers are not as good as the beers you order from the bar. Staff was very friendly and quick to serve, especially for how busy it was. Will definitely be returning to try the food.The beer was good, but it was so incredibly loud. It was impossible to have a conversationMeh. Been a few times, great selection of beer...once you flag down a bartender. Food not so great...there's other places in Philly to get an authentic German fix.I love it here. The staff is so friendly, there is an upstairs and downstairs and always a good crowd. Beers aren't over priced. Definitely a good place for sitting at a bar or dancing.I came to Bru last night with a friend for the first time and I had a blast. Their beer selection is top notch. They even have checkers at all of the tables with beer caps as the checker pieces. I will definitely be back!!!Went here last night for dinner with 8 friends to celebrate one of their achievements and it was great. We arrived early and my boyfriend and I grabbed a drink at the bar first. I asked to sample a beer and they were happy to offer. We ordered two beers and were served promptly. Our table was ready and we were seated right at our reservation time, as it should be but sometimes does not happen at some places. 
The service was great for the most part. Our waitress was nice and attentive but did stumble on beer suggestions - I know there is a huge list but some training or knowledge should be had by wait staff with what they are serving, especially at a beerhall (at least both restaurants I worked at previously we were tested prior to being able to serve alone). At least have a suggestion for a beer in every category served. Oh, and the long hair being down kind of irks me. You are serving food to people, and hair does fall out. Should be up in a ponytail or pulled back and not be touched or played with - something both places I worked at previously also had a rule about which I didn't mind - makes sense for sanitation reasons. Other than that, she was great. The guys loved the low cut shirts and booty shorts with tights the girls wear (of course).
We started with apps - the fried pickles and Bru fries. Both were delicious. We ordered the sampler platter which was plenty of food for 3 guys and a gal. 5 others ordered their own meals. We also ordered some Bavarian pretzels and spatzel to share. Everything was delicious, except the German potato salad. I wish the potatoes were cooked a little more - they were a little raw and hard still... unless it was supposed to be that way? My previous experience with German potato salad is that the potatoes get cooked and then mixed with the yummy stuff. It would be nice if they also served plain sour cream and apple sauce with the platter for the potato pancakes. I personally am not a huge fan of horseradish so the horseradish sour cream was a little much for me. My only other complaint is the bathrooms were a little messy and we were seated at a table along the window which opens in the summer so it was really drafty.
All in all, great experience and I definitely plan to return, when it's warmer, or be sure to ask for a table further inside where it is less drafty.Beer garden with style. Not easy to find but you won't regret it when you do. You can pour your own beer with a 25 dollar beer key or get your bottles from the bar. The food selection is not bad either.Perhaps it's Stephen Starr's fault for bringing Frankford Hall to Philadelphia, but when I hear "Beer Garden" I think "garden in the city full of varied-types of beer" So even before going, I was already a tad bit disappointed that there would be no center-of-the-city garden oasis, but that didn't deter me from making the trip. Twice. (First time I tried, they stopped seating an hour before a private party came in.) Second time we were seated relatively quickly, but as others have reported, service was slow. Lots of tables around us were seated, but none had food.
In another comment about the service (other than the somewhat inappropriately short-outside-a-strip-club lederhosen our petite, blond server was wearing), when I asked what "schnitzel" was I heard, "Um...well, it comes with the things right there on the menu." Yeah. I actually read the menu, but was hoping my server could illuminate (thank you trusty iPhone!). Here's hoping the service staff learn the relatively brief menu.
Other than that, the food was fine. It wasn't amazing, but it wasn't bad. The two types of "wurst" I tried (beef-only and beef-and-pork) were good, tender, and juicy. The sauerkraut was relatively bland and did not compare to that offered at Frankford Hall. The portion sizes were what I might expect for a slightly-pricey, midtown restaurant. And, though I didn't drink any beer, my dinner-mate reported a less-than-varied beer selection.
PS. It's very loud, so don't expect to have a conversation.Came to this spot for the first time, not knowing much about it. Our server was Jessie and she was awesome. Super knowledgeable and attentive but funny all the same. The beer list was overwhelming but she helped me chose the perfect pairing to my wurst. Music was a bit loud but entertaining mix of 80s hits. I suggest sitting outside and asking for Jessie if you're lucky enough to get her when she's working!Been here several times, always a good experience. Happy hour M-F beer prices are great, plenty of beer selection. Always a brew or two on special at other times. Can get crowded.
Garlic wings on special 8 for $8 were tasty. Server was very attentive, all were friendly and helpful. Only wierd thing was the use of a few tv's during football Sunday afternoon were showing infomercials about vacuum cleaners...what's with that??This place is basically like hooters with mediocre german beer and food. The service was pretty good, and the girls all wear these ridiculous leggings slash tight booty shorts. I mean, I'm a guy, so I'm not complaining too much. But obviously there is a certain clientele they want here, and it's not the quasi-effeminate metrosexual guy with his female friends, who happen to just want good german food and beer.
That being said, the food was ok, nothing spectacular. The brussel sprouts were soggy, not crispy. I prefer mine either crispy or just a bit blanched/fresher -- either way, with a bit of a crunch. If you like brussels soggy and overcooked, this is the place for you.
The potato and apple pancakes sounded great, and I was really excited. Unfortunately, the apples being mixed into the potato pancakes prevented them from becoming crispy. And the flavor wasn't that great either. I think I prefer traditional potato pancakes done properly, with some applesauce on the side. Or for them to make these things crispier...can't be that hard.
Also had a chicken apple sausage brat thing. It was covered in way too much sauerkraut which didn't have anything but a canned flavor. I ended up scraping most of that off and just eating the sausage itself. Even that sausage didn't have a great flavor, not very interesting at all. The chicken apple sausages out of the package at any grocery store taste better...and I rarely eat that nonsense either.
I wouldn't come back unless I was rolling with "bros" about 10 deep. So I'll never be back.
It gets a star because the servers were nice, and because they have a cool beer setup.No sound for the Eagles game. Regardless of the food or drinks, that ruined the whole visit.Hundreds of beers to choose from, plus delicious food. Open on both ends (alley and front) so there were a lot of people flowing in and out. Will be back.Excellent selection of German and Czech beers.. Artistic German expression. They have cool features- serve yourself beer tap wall. Excellent food. Service is great! Waitresses wear very sexy attire. Good location, downtown PhillySuch a cool concept. Really
Amazing beer! Love the beer stone collection. I really like the decor and design. Also really good beer. I always walk out happy! Love German beer places!!!This bar has a great selection of beers with a changing menu. They should offer a flight with all the beers they have. I was pretty disappointed that they only offered on the German beers and not all of the drafts they sell. My girlfriend and I shared a few apps which were really good.I retract everything I ever thought or wrote about this place. This is the worst establishment I've ever been to. I don't know who hires these derelict bartenders but they should be fired.
The first time I was here I was disrespected. Wrote a bad review on Yelp and was asked to try it again, so I did. No complaints - food is good, beer selection nice. 
Tonight? I don't know what the problem is, but you can't treat people like garbage. If I ask you a question you should try your best to accommodate me. This is common food/beer service practice. I will never come here again. I will never have a good word to say about Bru. You won't miss my "patronage", but I won't miss being treated like a P.O.S. either.We will never be returning, nor will we be advising other people to visit this restaurant. 
The hostesses quoted us with a 20-30 minute wait time. While we waited, we walked downstairs to the lower level and grabbed ourselves something to drink. The bartender (at ubahn) greeted us and was attentive. We sifted through a few beer tastings, chose a pint each, and paid out. Service downstairs was attentive, but the volume did seem slow for a Saturday night. Bartender did not give credit card back (we would later have to retrieve it, after our poor dining experience). We received a call that our table was ready. A phone call was kind of silly considering how loud it was. 
We ran upstairs to be sat close to the entrance-- which was whatever, we were a "walk in" on a Saturday night, so we took it. Service  upstairs was atrocious. Server greeted us late and didn't know the amount of ounces in their flight pours. Server showed us the pour from a distance (which looked to be around a 5 oz pour). Service was s  l o w. Our two-top (a couple) was trumped by a table of six-gentleman; at which point we lost our server completely. Through a series of unfortunate events, one which was out of control of service and the other a health code violation, the manager was semi-accommodating.  Greeting us the first time, apologizing and letting us know if we needed anything to speak with him. We didn't quiet get his name because of how loud it was. Thinking we'd never speak to management again we continued on with our meal. Sadly, we would have to speak to this gentleman again.  
After our second incident we decided to speak to a host, since our server was MIA, to let them know that we would like to speak to a manager, but to keep this incident quiet and not alarm other guests. Manager immediately approached the table and told us that he would comp this dish alone. This was the second strike, third if you consider the server never once approached our table after both incidences, even after we paid and paid out. The server seemed to avoid our table, which was discouraging. 
This establishment received one star for the food and the beer. The food was moderate to okay. The Currywurst was delicious, but had an obscene amount of French fries to compensate for the lack of protein. The German flight was enjoyable but not completely Germanic.From what I hear, the happy hour prices are awesome. But regular prices are expensive, portions of the beers are decent but the food is not very great. Not my favorite german bar!My friends and I went here for happy hour. We went to the bar to grab a drink while we waited for our table. Once we arrived at the table, we never had a waitress come by. We had no idea who our server was. We waited for 20 minutes and decided to leave. I will never come back and would not recommend this place to anyone. Not to mention, the music is unnecessarily loud. Definitely not a place If you want to catch up with an old friend. I would give it a 0 if I could.Two things are consistent with my experiences with Bru: they have an excellent beer selection and their other clientele bothers me.
I think of Bru as one of the better beer bars in Philly. Their selection is top notch in terms of unique beer selections and quality. Until Saturday, I only thought that was true about their US beer list, but then I discovered their bottle list. Whoa, baby! They have a large German beer selection as well. However, I know very little about German beers and don't find them hoppy enough for me. With that being said, their American drafts and bottles are amazing.
I've also found that this bar gets too crowded with patrons who don't seem to know much about beer and who also don't want to share any of their space or air. It's unfortunate that they are a dissuading factor for visiting Bru.
I've found the host to generally be helpful in getting a table, especially this past Saturday. The host went above and beyond to make sure my group got a table and kindly explained why there would be a wait. 
I've only had a few nibbles like a pretzel and friend Brussels sprouts but have found both to be tasty and prepared well to their own standard.
While I'm reluctant to go to Bru sometimes, I know I will be back because between their regular beer selections and beer events, they really get some of the best brews that come into Philly. Three stars for atmosphere but an extra star for everything else.They have beer on tap that you can serve yourself by buying a prepaid key.. it was pretty cool! In $25 we got about 5 glasses of 16 oz each. The fried Brussels and fried pickles were yummy. The veg burger was pretty good too.I tried this place to watch the world cup games. Many options for beers on tab and good decoration inside... but nothing like real German bar and drinks are in general over priced...   I ordered the curry wurst which wasn't like the one that I had in Germany. But in general the atmosphere was OK.Awesome craft beer selection and happy hour specials! The fried brussell sprouts were so tasty! It was busy but it was also happy hour so that would be expected.Let me just say this, as a native German their food is not authentic. If you have never had an authentic Bratwurst you will probably like it, but in no way does it imitate the real thing. Their Doner Kebap is a joke, don't order it. The service sucks, the bartenders take their good old time to pay attention to you. But I must say the pretzels are pretty good so you can't go wrong with that. The German beer selection is pretty good as well so I can't complain there. The place itself is pretty cool even though the music is way too loud at night. The bar area can get crowded as well. Overall - Meh.Good vibe and good selection of beer; the food was good and although we arrived early - before 11 am it was difficult to find our waitress. I like to ask for suggestions, etc and she was obviously spread thin but the staff was pleasant. 
We ordered the cherry wings but received the buffalo wings but did not see our waitress for awhile so we ate them and they were good. The hummus plate under salads was very good and the potato pancakes were okay- there were a lot of flavors in the heavy pancakes. 
Overall it is a fun place with good food.I've been here a couple of times and always enjoyed it.
I really like the food.  I don't get German food too often and this place does it well, in my opinion.
I've found that I get better service at the bar.  That's fine if it's just one of two of you, but more than that makes it difficult to socialize.  The table service can be a bit slow.
Overall, I plan to come back whenever I'm in Philly.  This is a good place.Went for lunch, the food was ok. Guess people love it for the beers. There are better places to get good German food.Bro central for sure !! It's center city so I guess I can't be too shocked. Bru has a lot of beers to pick from and a nice German based food menu! I have yet to eat here but everytime I browse the food menu I'm interested!I came in to watch some football and try to grab a low carb meal. 
Once I saw that they had Chimay (my favorite) on tap, that definitely didn't happen. 
So I went ahead and gave in and had an order of fried pickles, too. Their fried pickles are a couple of thin spears wrapped in something (maybe bacon?) and then fried. However, because of whatever it's wrapped in, it's very mushy. I really really did not like that texture. 
However, the brats were great and went very well with my beer. The music selection was pretty good, too.
Football, brats, Chimay on tap, and Weezer? Can't really complain.I went to Bru twice because it's a nice place to have a drink. Yeah, it's loud but the crowd is super friendly and we got our drinks quick enough.The happy hr at this place is great! I got two beers and ended up spending $10 with tip! I'm a huge fan of German beer gardens and this place has a great selection. The happy hr is a bit limited, but I still haven't had a beer that I didn't enjoy.
Also, the bacon gravy fries are to die for! I think they're $3 or $4 on happy hr as well. 
All in all, cheap, great atmosphere, great location, and the beer is fantastic!Love their happy hour! I got fried pickles and was was surprised there was bacon in it. And the mussels portions was huge!Thank goodness for Rich. He is the best bouncer/security officer that they have. I was rejected once from this bar for having an out-of-state license by an idiot SUPERVISOR!!! I look young but have never been rejected by a bar. So thankful they have Rich who asked questions about my ID and let me in. Rich is the man! He's wonderful. He better get a raise.I came in on a Tuesday evening towards the end of happy hour. The place was half full, and not rowdy. Ambiance is rustic, yet modern with lots of brick and wood. 
Happy hour is from 4-7 with $4 drafts including Duvel Single and Chimay Cinq Cents. There is also a selection of $5 appetizers, of which I had the Spatzel - it was very tasty, though a bit heavy on the Muenster. 
The beer selection is hard to top, with many local and German drafts on tap. Not withstanding your typical IPA, stout or lagers, the bottle selection is second to few, with rare, and imported selections including many Belgians, Lambics, sours, cask-aged varieties, and other "out there" additions. 
I definitely would come back again, certainly for the beer selection. As for the food, I'll have to report back once I try a few more options.This is an interesting place full of contradictions and great beer. After a weird but awesome show, we were looking for a place to grab a beer before bed with a group of guys. This was not what we had in mind, but it was interesting.
On a Friday night, Bru was hopping. But walking in, the music and staff seemed straight out of a NYC night club. The patrons were everything from nerdy to hipster to classy to ready to party and everything in between and mixing. We grabbed a few beers, it was too loud to talk, but people watching was at its best.
The beer selection is menu worthy - so give yourself a few minutes to order. The "self serve" dispensers might be worthwhile on a crowded day... but honestly were overpriced and limited selection - I'd rather see more tables or standing space.
Fun night, interesting place, I'd go back.I am surprised I haven't; reviewed this yet as I have been here a few times already. Bru is in a great location and it is somewhat fun that you can walk in to the front entrance which has a more serious vibe but then spill out of the back right into the Mcgilans crowd. It is an interesting concept that you can purchase a beer key and pour your own beer. I like that as it gives you the opportunity to try many things on tap without having to bother the bartender. I don't love the little getups they make the bartenders wear but I could see how this may help with their tips and/ or keep the male guests entertained.You know you're going to a good car when the beer list requires a clipboard.  We weren't here for happy hour but the specials were so good that we wish we were.So as promised, I returned to Bru now that they've been open awhile to give them a more comprehensive review. After my last post, the manager invited me back to try them out, and suggested I did so during happy hour, since that's when they had the best deals. Unfortunately, who actually is out of work by 6? (The answer is actually me...but not my husband, and there was no way I was braving this "bro bar" alone.") 
Unfortunately, my expectations were sorely not met although I still really think that this place has a TON of potential, and I just don't think I am their target audience. 
The service: Whoa guys...calm down. You do not need to watch me eat my entire meal and stop by no less than SIX times to ask if everything is okay. Between the hostess, the waitress and the manager, it was like we were being stalked. I get it, they want good tips, they want good reviews. But no one likes the clingy girl at the dance. Try to play a little hard to get. 
As a side note here, I was really taken aback by the servers outfits. I didn't realize that this was Hooters meet German pub. I think there is a slightly more classy way to slutty German barmaid (look at Brahaus on South St. for example.) However, the black booty shorts with suspenders and t shirt really aren't doing it for me.  Honestly, from the front, the apron is longer than the shorts, so it literally looks like they aren't wearing anything on bottom.  Listen, I am all for "if ya got it flaunt it" but I don't think it's fitting in a setting like this that is trying to appeal to the masses. Maybe the management isn't aware they should be appealing to a wider clientele than the Jersey Shore? 
The food: If you are going to have such a limited menu, everything on it has to be SPOT on. Once again, this just seemed like the chef is trying too hard. For example: potato pancakes are good. Green apples are good. Horseradish is good. However, when you put them all together, it a muddled mess for your palette.  The schnitzel I had was WAY overfried and had no flavor. They put ham on it too...who puts ham on schnitzel? Overkill. The bread on my sandwich and on my hub's bratwurst sandwich was also really dry and stale. Also the sign out front that says "The best wurst in the city." It's not true. It's so not true. My husband didn't even finish half of his sandwich! This is a man I have seen eat (and enjoy) peanut butter, grape jelly and sausage sandwiches. The fact that he didn't enjoy his meal says more to me than anything.
Overall: This place is probably appealing to a different demographic than the crowd I usually run with. I am sure they will probably do just fine without my patronage since they can get the overflow from McGillans. But honestly, if you are in the area there are MUCH better options for food and beer.This is one of my favorite bars in Philly. I love taking my friends who are visiting out of town here. There are about 20 (or more) beers on tap. Then, their bottle and can list is seemingly endless. This fits anyone's drink palate...if you just want a bud light...they have that...if you want a unique German beer...they got that! They also participate in summer sips so you can get a beer for $3 and some appetizers. Music is great as well. Place can get pretty packed and that's when it's uncomfortable to be there. There isn't much seating to just plop down and relax with your beer. So anyways..I keep coming back!Great music and service, def a great place to go to on a Friday or Saturday night.
Bru is definitely one of the better bars in Philadelphia,  and I recommend anyone going to the bar.I really enjoy coming here, and even though it's a bit loud and the "bro's" are a bit much, I have never had a bad experience and really enjoy some of the city's best bartenders: Emily, Jessie and Theo. I'll be back and will make sure I bring people to this great new spot!Since a new German craft beer bar just opened blocks from my house, I couldn't wait to get in there and try it! Not only is German beer my favorite, but was excited for a place with 25-30 rotating taps. Unlike Frankford hall where there is minimal German beers on tap, Bru has plenty!  Plus other craft selections.  The "beer wall" is smaller than I expected, only 6-8 beers on the wall to pour yourself. But, still cool I guess!  
I went on a busy Saturday night, I think it was opening weekend, and the bar was packed for march madness.  I went to  hostess stand, she said there was a wait for a table, so took my name down, then immediately called me, I hardly waited!!  Awesome!  All the hostesses and waitresses are really cute!  Def some eye candy if you are a male :-)  Anyway, my roomie and I ordered a few beers and food. The smoked salmon bruschetta w/ arugula was very yummy! I love the cheese and beets on it.  We also had the meatballs which melt in your mouth with a fantastic flavor, and the portebello mushroom sandwich, which I loved!  Filled with tiny mushrooms, and a very strong aged cheese melted all inside. Was fantastic!  Can't wait to go back and try the lamb shoulder flatbread. 
Love this place, I will be back many times.  Am looking forward to some new craft draft selections... Was unimpressed by the coors light on the menu, but I guess that's to please the tourists!  Majority of other beers were pretty good.
Tip: 2 entrances, one on chestnut street, and one in the back alley directly accross from McGillins and Dury st.One of the best beer offerings I'd ever seen. Not only do they have a tremendous selection of draft beers, but their bottled offerings are superb. Many "hard to find" domestic craft beer as well as imports from around the world. There's something for everyone. For a Saturday night, the place was extremely lively with loud 80's/90's rock music playing in the background. 
Our server seemed a bit new, but still did OK, although she probably could have sold us more food and beer if she were more attentive. 
As part of our pre-concert tailgate, we started out with their Bavarian pretzel and then had the Charcuterie which was small, but tasty. Finally had the mussels which were excellent. 
The place is quite massive as they also have a biergarten. Lots of people, lots of great German style food. Don't come here if you're looking for a quiet, romantic evening. Come here to celebrate something.Had a chance to come here, and it was okay at best. The place itself had a nice ambiance to it with that laid back atmosphere. Their beer list was good with a lot of great German beers to domestic crafts. Waitress was attentive and nice, so customer service was pretty good. The food was okay though sadly. It began great with the potato pancakes which were crispy and that  horseradish sour cream was delicious. My BBQ sandwich was a bit bland to say the least. The sauce really had not much of a taste to it. The music was also unbearably too loud, so I could not have much of a conversation with my girlfriend. In the end, I think I would just come here for a beer and some nosh on appetizers.Came here at 6:00 on a Friday night and there was no wait for a party of 4 even though the bar area was very full. It was a little dark for those of us not sitting right next to the window and many patrons were using phone lights to see. The waitress was very attentive and was able to remember our large order without issue. However she didn't let us know it was happy hour, which meant I didn't receive the fries with my brat. A weird happy hour issue that was a little disappointing, but when I tried my friend's fries, I wasn't missing out. I liked the bun on the bratwurst and the sausage itself. My friend found his dönner to be dry and lacking in flavor. It was a cool place to try out!Just what you'd hope for!  Lots of great beers on draft with a bias toward German style beer and food.  The hefeweizen was terrific and was even better with the Bavarian pretzel.  The pretzel was fresh baked.   Warm with a slightly crunchy exterior and a soft chewy center.  The smoke Gouda fondu served with it had a mild smokey and bacon flavor.  Perfection.    Didn't try anything else on the menu, or I would have given it a 5.   I'll be back!!!!!Very disappointing. Bartenders were incredibly rude. If your in college and like to black out - great place for Thursday night. Otherwise, recommend elsewhereI was there for a happy hour with work peeps.. Great beer selection, bratwurst sandwiches, and pretzels... However, the music was wayyyyyy too loud.. We could barely hear ourselves, let alone each other.. Actually looked forward to going back into the hundred degree heat just so we could hear each other again.The waitress was affable and accommodating.
The outside seating area is tiny and cramped.
The selection of craft/international beers is hella ill (lots n lots).
The whole hog, on a spit, being cooked on the sidewalk was kinda surreal.
The plastic "das boot" that you got to drink out of was kinda cheaply made...still had a sharp edge...meh.
Place is aight.Ever since Ludwig's closed down on Sansom Street, and Beerstube stopped serving lunch, I've had to walk all the way from Center City to 8th & South Street for good German food for lunch.  No more.
Thanks to BRÜ, I only have to go across the street for great German food.  Their beer selection is great and the food is delicious.  The atmosphere is sort of "nouveau hunting lodge."  Also, the manager, Ron, is very attentive, friendly, and accessible.  My co-workers and I make this place at least a bi-weekly go-to.My boyfriend and I were in for a drink or two and we were blown away with great service. Being in the service industry I can honestly say I have high expectations for service and restaurants. The bartender Ryan has excellent service. He was extremely attentive  during a busy happy hour. I also have to say he handled a common restaurant situation with the best problem solving possible. After a server broke a glass over the ice, which she claimed did not get into the ice, Ryan and the bar back made the best call. He stated id rather be safe than sorry. He then said lets melt the ice and clean it out.  Most busy bartenders at restaurants around the area would have kept moving on from the situation without dealing with the solution. I have to say this experience will make me not only come back but highly recommend this awesome happy hour spot. Keep up the good work Ryan! You were awesome tonight!Server in hot pants picked her wedgie and served beers. The appeal of girls wearing stockings and a menu eight legal sheets long of beer options outweighs food safety protocol.If you love beer this one of the best stops anywhere. Fantastic tap selection. The food choices are standsrd but the preparation is excellent. Obvious that the kitchen carrs about what it is doing. Friendly servers. Accomodating to the disabled (i have no legs). Love this placeThis place is like a german hooters. I went here to have dinner with a few friends and we were seated immediately. It was pretty easy to get a table since most of the people there were at the bar area. The food there was good, but nothing amazing. I ordered the mussels and the wurst plate. The mussels come with bread, but the bread was barely toasted and had no taste to it. My favorite part about this place is the beer key. It gives you access to tap of different types of beer. I would recommend this place if you want to grab a couple of drinks and have decent food with friends.Bru is a favorite spot among some of my coworkers so I was looking forward to heading there last night.  It was the first of many stops on an impromptu bar hop with coworkers in search of Beyonce to dance to.  Parking is impossible around Bru (and driving not conducive to drinking) so my two friends and I took the long ride from Fairmount downtown by bus.  (My "country" friend (she thinks she's country but let's be real--she didn't even know what a Carhartt jacket was so she's really just suburban) up until now couldn't figure out how to get downtown by bus from her place so we took this opportunity to teach her...)
The first time I was at Bru I had no concept of how big it actually is.  Our group was situated in the very back of the bar.  The decor is very cute.  They opened a big garage door by our table, which let in lots of fresh air and allowed us to people-watch on Drury Street (where apparently every drunk person goes to make "private" phone calls while swaying unselfconsciously to the music in their drunken minds...)  
Despite apparently forgetting to wear pants, our waitress was awesome and really on top of her shit considering that we were a large group.  The food we ordered came out very quickly and drinks were refreshed often.  It's always a pain to divide a check up between 11 people but she was very accommodating and helpful.  Happy hour prices are fantastic!  I got 4 whiskey sours for $16 and two large appetizers for $4 each.  I was actually so full I could hardly finish the fries because the portions were so large.
On the downside, it's a little on the loud side.  I hate when non-dancing bars play music really loud.  The music was just sort of generic background bar music but it was blasted so loud that you had to yell to talk across the table.
Overall I really enjoyed it and would go back!We brought kids, which was a mistake, but the staff went out of their way to accommodate a couple of non-drinkers under 50 lbs. Definitely a young, after-work crowd.Their draft beers are pretty extensive and are updated daily. I came here on a Friday night and it's pretty poppin'. For some reason, they had a lot of Justin Timberlake and Michael Jackson playing. I opted for one of their hefeweizens. Overall, really chill place to grab a beer and stand around and hang out with friends. There are a few tables in the back for people opting to try the sausages.We stopped in for a quick drink since we were in the area. Ordered a couple of beers and sat and watched a late Thursday night unfold. There were bottles bouncing off the floor behind us. It was growing louder and louder. The ambience is not 'German' but for the food. (I miss Germany) 
The staff was ok. I would not say they were great at their jobs nor did they act like they wanted to be there but they also were semi-attentive and got us our drinks. 
Would we return - probably not. It isn't our scene. Is it a neat place - yes. But don't expect authentic German here unless it is in the food.This is more a bar than a restaurant but the bartender was nice and made us feel welcomed.  We had the fried pickles, which were good but different than we expected.  We enjoyed our drinks and the loud environment.  It's not a quiet dinner spot but if you're looking for a hip social spot then you won't be disappointed.Great selection of beer. Reasonably priced. Just had the currywurst. It was ok. After having currywurst in Germany this was just a sausage with ketchup on it. Wouldn't order again. Good ambiance also.I like the atmosphere of the place, and I thought the fill it yourself beerwall is pretty cool. I didn't get to try it though cause i thought the $25 key to use the wall was kind of pricey. From what i understand, you pay the $25 and then you fill your cup and price per ounce...that amount is then deducted from the $25. I might be wrong....
Other than that, the selection was great, but seems a little pricey for Philly. I went on a cold winter day, but from the other reviews i think it would be better to come in warmer weather to fully enjoy it.I love Brü!!!!  This place is the definition of cool.  Came in for a quick beer around 2 in the afternoon on Saturday and the place was quiet.  I figured it was just a low key place to grab a decent microbrew and lunch.  The beer selection was HUGE.  The place is sleek, modern and just really original.  They have picnic table-esque seating by the window which was different.  Decided to check this place out again later in the night and by midnight it was HOPPIN.  I couldn't believe it was the same bar, place was packed.  They had about four bartenders staffed so although the place was crowded, I didn't find myself waiting to get a drink for more than 30 seconds.  They open up the front windows at night so you can see right across the McGillins.  You feel as though you are outside its an awesome setting.  The music they played was spot on.  Overall, awesome bar, must check it out if in the area.Great cool environment. Nice selection of brews. Not a huge selection of food downstairs is the only drawback I see.Unbelievable! The sauerkraut is German grandma quality. The bratwurst are amazing! The beer list is endless. The service is quick. Go there now. Seriously.After a long hot walk arpund the city we were looking for a nice place to eat and relax. So glad Brű was recommended to us. The atmosphere and service were exceptional. Great food!Came here for sips with some friends- extensive drink menu with some unique specials! Got the grapefruit IPA which was tangy, only a bit sweet, and strong for just $3. Great vibe but can get a bit sticky late at night. Otherwise plenty of seating outdoor and indoor with fast service!Cool spot! The bratwurst is truly excellent. Get the sampler plate, you won't regret it. Overwhelming selection of beers. Would not recommend the fancy self serve beer dispenser things ... You'll have to flow a lot of foam and waste your money before to get a full glass. Great atmosphere for a weekend afternoonBest Happy Hour in the city? Quite possibly. During HH, all the beers go for $4 and apps for $5--including mussels and brats. Not always the highest quality food, but definitely tasty and a good selection. In fact, the beer selection is usually quite well-balanced with a good representation of styles and a baseline of excellent German brews. I particularly like their sour beer choices here since getting those at that price point is a big bargain. Their bottle list is also surprisingly quite extensive. 
I wouldn't eat here outside of HH--otherwise, the food would seem overpriced for what you get. Service is also hit-or-miss; some servers seem to really know their brews and provide great service but others can be extremely indifferent and make getting the check turn into a 30-minute hassle even when it's not busy. But if I'm looking for a place during HH time in Center City it's hard to go anywhere but Bru.Went to have a few beers at Happy Hour from 4-6 went up for another beer before 6 and was told the special was over, and there was nothing to be done since the system is computerized. I most likely would have gone back to eat and have drinks on some other occasion at this place had this not occurred, but now I will just go somewhere where they dont set the time on the computers ahead by a few minutes to get an extra couple bucks from their costumers.Had dinner here with friends. 
It was enjoyable on all levels, with a few small issues. I shared some stuff with friends: the wurst plate (with German potato salad) and the brisket.  The brisket sandwich came with fries, but I found them to be a bit skimpy on the fries- it was almost like an afterthought to throw a couple down on the plate.   The wurst came with sauerkraut, as well as the potato salad, and it was quite yummy.  Potato salad was solid, but not the best German potato salad I've ever had.  I do like the vinegar base though.  
The self-serve beer thingy was a good idea, but I wasn't too crazy about how fast the taps were- my beer came out very heady.  I thought the Grapefruit Hefeweisen was very refreshing and enjoyable,  once the foam calmed down.  
Bathrooms weren't fantastic- kinda crowded and smelly.
That said, the ambiance of the bar was quite lovely.  Simple, sexy, and very ambient.  I like the back alley way- I really want to try the Irish pub directly across from Bru.  
It was a fun night with friends that I rarely get to see.  If I could rate this place on the food and the company, it would be among my favorites!
If they can fix the aforementioned bugs, this place would get five stars.  I'm glad the food was good!Stumbled upon this place after heading down to Market East for a drink at Milkboy. The girls and I made a note to make it our next step. Great choice! The atmosphere was bar-like but a little different. The main walk was pretty narrow and therefore crowded but their drink selection was great and the bar was huge!  The crowd there was diverse in age and style so it was fun to navigate who was standing beside/behind you at all times. 
Funny story: I didn't realize it was a "wurst" place. Some guys bought my gis and I brats, which I think was a cool way to pick up girls. They were cool and all but the brat was spectacular!  They won't get a call back but the brats will!  Still they get an A for creative pickups. 
I'm definitely going back.Haven't gotten to try much of the food besides snacks, so this review is mainly on the ambiance and bar side of things. 
Beer menu's fantastic and extensive (as a german place like this should), average prices, and servers are pretty great and attentive considering how nutso it gets in here. The decor and feel of this place is dark but charming. A lot of cute elements going on (and I have a crush on their website concept...shhh). 
They were really smart opening with a back door for mcgillan's overspill. This place will continue to do well for good reason. Pretty crappy DJs on the weekend but with the amount of beer you end up drinking there, you don't even notice 20 mins in anyway, so all g, Bru...I get it, I'm not the type you're trying to please.Based on my visit to Berlin and Schwedt a few years ago, this an authentic German biergarten. A good selection of German beer (including my favorite Weitzen dunkel) and great food. 
The wurst platter with a selection of sausages, potatoes and kraut is excellent. The only negative issue is they ran out of wienerschnitzel AND spaetzel. But the bratwurst, knockwurst, and currywurst were excellent!!  The currywurst was absolutely as good as any I had in Berlin. I even had to finish off my friend's leftovers. No way I could give that back. The sauerkraut and potatoes were also great. 
Service was good (maybe a little slow by American standards, but absolutely authentic European). 
A five star experience if they hadn't rum out of two German staples.Bru offers an amazing list of beers among other alcoholic drinks. If this review was on drinks alone it would be 4 or even 5 stars. However we ordered 4 appetizers and only half were decent, the other half were very bland to the point we lost our appetites. 
The potato pancakes are not good. There is no onion so they are far from traditional, and they taste more plain than even French fries. It tasted like a thick cloud of nothing. They were supposed to come with apple butter but were served with the Sriracha hot sauce that came with the fried pickles instead. We asked for sour cream and the only one available is this dill filled liquidy version. It was okay, and at least added some seasoning, but reminded me of tartar sauce, and eventually became kind of gross. It's too bad seeing as this is a German themed spot. 
The trio platter was also bland and people must not order it often because the mozzarella chunks were past their prime. It tasted like it was starting to spoil and the texture was too stiff for fresh mozzarella. The bean dip screamed for seasoning. There was not enough pita for all the toppings. 
The fried pickles and pretzels were descent. I liked the tempura batter but wished the pickles were less sweet. The pretzel was very good but not enough to save the meal as a whole. 
I ordered a dry cider and it was delicious. I would come back but only for drinks. I may not have potato pancakes or fresh mozzarella for a while until I can forget this experience !  
As an aside the service was very slow. We were comped so it did not affect my rating but it did make the experience even less pleasant.I wanted to rename this place - "Boo."  The Bru fries were very good and the Bavarian pretzel was also good. However, the service was terrible. Our server didn't write anything down and completely got our dinner order wrong. My wife got the pulled pork sandwich (asked for no mayo and got mayo).  The sandwich was dry and tasteless. I got the wurst sandwich (asked for no sauerkraut and it was all over the sandwich).  The sandwich was ok. Although it's hard to screw up a knockwurst.  The best part of the meal was the fries.  After talking to the manager, I don't think I will ever be back there. The next time I'm in that neighborhood, I will walk past and try one of the many other options there. Overall, very disappointed.Went here opening weekend with 2 friends.  Host sat us at a table where we sat for 15 minutes waiting for someone to take our order.  Finally gave up and walked to the bar and ordered ourselves.  Beer was just ok.  Staff was useless.  Atmosphere was very loud.  Not at all the beer garden that it claims to be.  I will give it a second chance after they work out the opening month kinks, but for now I would not recommend to a friend.Terrible place to go if you are German, bartenders don't even speak a lick of German, refused to give me a drink after asking in German. Total frauds don't go there, on care about the business not culture based. Refused me after ordering in German. Thought I was drunk. Total disrespect. Never go there ever.Self serve beer is a pretty cool idea. You get a chip which acts like a debit card. You plug the chip into the tap you want and you watch your balance deplete as you pour (38 cents per ounce or something like that). 
Food was good too. The pretzel was kind of wimpy but my chicken cordon bleu sandwich was great.I think I'm ready to give Bru that fifth star.
So, there have definitely been times when I haven't enjoyed my visits. Namely: Late on a weekend night and on any sort of holiday that involves drinking. Bru sure can become a brokingdom fast -- with no place to move and a total inability to hear a word.
BUT. I'm still giving five stars because you just need to know when it's okay to stop in. Namely: For Funky Buddha. Hill Farmstead. Hardywood. Good god, guys, you know how to make a girl swoon.
Sometimes (ahem, last night..) I can find myself here for hours on end. If with a fellow beer-lover(s), we'll just order tons of beers to split. I mean, that LIST. I don't know who curates that thing, but little emoji-applause things here for you.
According to Untappd, I've now checked in more beers at Bru than at any other venue in the city. That's telling enough.I've only been to this bar a few times in the couple years that I have worked in the city of Philadelphia.  I've always had fun every time I was there.  The last time I came was on a Friday night and my sister and I were looking to also order food.  At the time, the bar was already packed with guests, mostly interested in drinking.  We approached the waitresses and asked if their kitchen was still open.  They informed us that it was until 1 AM, another 3 and a half hours.  The seated area was roped off, so we asked if there was another place to sit.  They were very nice and helpful toward us when they realized it was only two of us needing a place to sit.  They sat us at a reserved table and we enjoyed our entire experience.  
The drink menu is a very long list and the waitress was very helpful in suggesting a beverage for my sister's taste interest.  As a vegetarian, I was super excited to see a veggie burger on the menu.  It was absolutely delicious!  My mouth is watering just thinking about it!  They were also playing great music the entire time.  
It's not the best for dancing but it's a very fun, chill and intimate spot to drink with friends!Last Friday night we stopped in on a whim. Actually the Irish pub across the street was jam packed. But thankfully it was. Bru is a gem in Philly. Fantastically decorated with rock and the backbeat looks like something I wish I had in my wedding photo. Great. The staff was abundantly available and friendly. The manager Maureen or Marilyn was top notch. I apologize if I mess the name up. 
The beer from the many taps were organized on a clean menu describing country of origin and style. So with my background in the bar biz I tend to be a snob about fresh tap beer. You can tell the staff and management care about their customers. The beer was fresh as the day it was brewed and barreled. I was very impressed.  
To you folks hoping to get a little lucky across the street at the Irish pub, stop over at Bru first and Prost! To a great place!It is completely overpriced. Additionally, the potato salad I got was practically raw potatoes, the sauerkraut was horrible as  well. Add two mediocre sausages to that and you get something they call "sausage plate" and charge 30$ for that. Never again!Great place to have drinks! Extremely casual and great music! Had a great time with friends! If you are a beer lover like me, you will love their extensive list or beers available! The burger and fries were great too! Overall, I had a great time here and the service is quick as well!As promised, I returned in search of some revision to my initial impressions. My first trip to Bru was during a heaving Saturday afternoon during their opening weekend. We fought for a spot at the bar and then fought to get the attention of the bartender, who was trying to cater to dozens of drunk Philadelphia "bros." 
Upon my second visit to Bru, during a Friday night happy hour, I was pleased to find the ambiance altered. Though still a handful of "young professionals" milling about, there was a healthy selection of real professionals and Friday night pub crawlers, which brought the bro-level down a welcome notch. 
Within ten minutes, we had found a table, in time to take advantage of the wonderful happy hour special: $4 half-liter German drafts and $3 pretzels. The only downside to the happy hour is its rather limiting hours: 4-6pm. I have several friends that work across the street but are never out before 6pm. As such, I feel like Bru is missing out on a lot of potential customers. 5-7pm happy hours are much more accessible, but given the extent of the discounts, I can understand - from a business model perspective - the somewhat restricted hours. 
Based on the post-happy hour vibe, it would appear that Bru settles down a little bit more for the dinner hours. We ate in relative peace, enjoying a pretzel and two delicious wursts with the best kraut I've ever had. The menu is very minimalist, but it works well with the setting. At the end, we opted to try the apple strudel, which was a disappointment, to say the least. Roughly the size of a silver dollar and lacking that definitive strudel crunch, I would have preferred to have gone elsewhere for dessert. 
All in all, Bru makes a respectable stab at creating the beer garden atmosphere in the cramped real estate of Center City Philadelphia. The drafts are tapped just right and at their happy hour price, impossible to beat. If you're someone on the literal 9-5 grind, definitely stop by and give Bru a chance.Went here Friday to meet a friend out for Beer Week, Place was pretty crowded, got a 2 top table across from the bar. My buddy was late, but there server was super cool when she easily could've been annoyed. The busser was also attentive and helpful, which was an Awkward pleasant surprise(cuz it's honestly the first time that's ever happened to me!). Great beer(tried 3...couldn't even begin to spell them!) Had a German pretzel when my buddy came and a Pear and bacon flatbread that my server recommended which was great! I was actually going to go to McGillans Old Ale house, but I saw this place hopping rt across the street on Drury and popped in. VERY glad I did, Def stop again soon!There should be the ability to write two reviews for Bru... Bru before 9pm and Bru after 9pm...
I went here with a group for a happy hour/dinner and it wasn't bad. Football was on, beers were served and food was decent. My jeans, sweater, sperry combo was having me pretty comfortable. 
Sometime around 9pm however, it turned into a club essentially. Drunk girls in mini skirts and heels stumble into the bar and crowd the bathrooms. Suddenly (and this is not a joke) the staff literally tries to take the table out from beneath us to make more room for the Jersey crowd rolling in. 
One thing that really left a bad taste in my mouth was that after paying our pretty lengthy tab, the waitress came running after us once we left, accusing us of not paying for one of the beers we had. Seriously?? Were we supposed to keep track ourselves and check that the tab matched up?This place is extremely unique to the streets of Philadelphia! The atmosphere, enormous beer list, and German inspired menu has kept me returning.  The most exciting part about the venue is the self serve beer wall. Great for those busy Saturday nights. You purchase a 'Bru Button' from the friendly wait staff and can literally pour your own beer directly from the tap. It's a great additional value to any special occasion or night out. 
I'd def recommend!Came to BRU on a whim and was happy that I did. Huge beer selection with a solid selection of pretty much any kind of beer. I had an Ipa, then had a liter mug of a German beer! Happy bartenders and friendly waitstaff.  Sat at the bar for about an hour before moving to a high top table to eat. The menu had a lot of traditional German fare on it, but I decided to go with something new on the menu: Grilled Lamb Chops. I was very happy that I did because they were banging! They were super tender, juicy, and seasoned to perfection.  I also got a house salad that had  a mustered kind of dressing.  That was pretty good as well. My wife had a Turkey Ruben sandwich which they used real roasted turkey, not lunch meat turkey.  She liked it very much. For dinner and a few beers the bill was not expensive at all for Center City Philly. I would definitely go back.I'm #1. Finally.  Great new addition to center city.  Amazing space with a great beer selection.  This place is gonna lead to big things. Fills a good nich in CC.I've been to BRU a few times, and I think it's ok. It's very different depending on the time you come. If your friends invite you here on a weekend night, just say no. It's so packed that you barely have a place to stand, and people will bump into you and spill your beer. I would highly recommend happy hour, though, when it's more low key. They have $4 craft beers, which is so cheap. I came here last week for a Philly Beer Week event, and they had Russian River Pliny the Elder for $4, which is unheard of! That was a one-time deal, but they generally have a decent list of beers on draft.
Their food options are just not my thing. Lots of sausages and other German fare that doesn't work for a pescetarian. Their veggie options sound ok -- veggie burger or veggie kabob -- but because I am almost always standing the whole time I'm here, I don't generally order food.This place was pretty good. I came with a couple of friends for happy hour drinks and we sat outside. The beer selection was amazing and I really enjoyed everything I tried. It was really disheartening to watch our scantily clad servers get cat called by passing men. I think I am missing the theme of the restaurant. Our servers were wearing all black with fishnets and underwear. If they're going to have the girls dressed this way at the very least they should have a bouncer in the front ensuring they are protected from the aggressive people walking by. The servers were incredibly friendly but obviously feeling uncomfortable because of the whistles and cat calls.Despite the size/noise level, I really like this place. I think it has a cool atmosphere, and good beer/food! I only wish the wall where you can dispense your own beer was bigger. I have been to wine bars with this concept where they have entire walls of wine that you dispense yourself. It is such a fun concept but the area for it here is rather limited. I'd like to come here more, but it is always packed so it can be a bit of a turn off (however also goes to show its a pretty good spot if it is always packed!)Torn on the review here. Went here as a part of a bar crawl. We were here in the late afternoon- early evening.
Nice beer specials. Great beer options. We didn't get food here because our waitress was pretty rude with us. The bar was crowded to begin with-- they don't have much seating and there was not a sign at the front or anything indicated there was a wait to be seated. So my friends and I waited for a party to leave and asked if we could have their table-- they said yes. I took note that most of this party did not finish most of their plates which I assumed to mean they didn't enjoy it.
Anyway-- my friends and I sat down here. The waitress came over and started clearing the table and apologized for taking so long because it was "so hectic" on this day. It didn't seem that hectic to me.. the bar definitely did but she was not working the bar... My husband ordered a beer that was not on special-- it was his favorite German beer. They served it in the wrong glass. After about 15-20 minutes the waitress said that if we weren't ordering anything else that we needed to get up because there's a wait list and people are waiting to sit down to eat food. And she said it in the rudest way possible. She should have said something from the beginning since we stole a table out of their order.. but she didn't. 
The general atmosphere and environment is amazing.  Decor is fantastic. The back opens up to an ally way which overlooks another pub. They had it all opened up since it was warm- this was nice while we could enjoy our seats.
We were originally going to order food but the waitress kept rushing us and we didn't feel welcome. Clearly we were not. Don't know if we'll venture back here due to the poor customer service we had.Cool place amazing 4$ crafts, cozy feeling and inviting. Can get busy during happy hour so if you want a spot at the bar come earlyLet me start by saying the one star rating is not due to the beer selection. They have quite a great selection actually. The rating is due to the awful employees that work here. Last night I went to bru and purchased a beer from the bar when they announced last call at 1:59. I was then promptly yelled at by two different employees telling me I have to finish my beer and get out of the bar because they were closing. It was 2:01, not even two minutes after I purchased the beer. I politely said sure let me chug it. So I start chugging the beer as a male employee is standing next to me watching me. As I'm trying to finish chugging the beer a female employee told the male employee to just take the beer. He swiftly snatches the beer out of my hand, sets it on the counter, and tells me to get the f out. I look at my watch and it was 2:02. I turned around and walked out without putting up a fight because the male employee was a large mean looking guy that I did not want to mess with. It's quite unfortunate that I will never be going back seeing as how they have a great beer selection. Actually I think I will go back today to speak with a manager about his/her disrespectful employees.Drink selection was amazing and the atmosphere was great. I was seriously underwhelmed by the food, however. I got the grilled chicken sandwich which was flavorless. The pierogies were a bit plain as well. My husband says the bratwurst was good. I would come back for drinks but eat elsewhere.Easily my favorite happy hour spot thus far. $4 half liter German drafts/American crafts, $5 wurst sandwiches, and half price starters. What's not to love? If I could, I would go when happy hour starts at 4 and drink my way though the draft list alone.  There are a lot of drafts and even more bottles. This place is a beer lover's heaven. 
Service has always been very good here. Usually I can't get to happy hour that early, and they never have said anything about ordering two beers/person at 6:50 right before happy hour ends at 7. They also have given us free beers before. 
I've tried the wurst sandwiches, brü fries, and currywurst. All of them taste good, but don't expect the currywurst/pommes to taste like something you would get in Berlin. It's good, just a little different. 
Only downside is that this place can get pretty loud, even during happy hour. Not the best place to go if you'd like to have a close conversation with whomever you're with. It gets pretty full later at night too. I prefer it to Ubahn which is connected. The beer list and atmosphere are so much better! I recommend this place, whether it be for happy hour or a stop on your night out.hOur first try at Brü. Waitress seemed annoyed with our questions about the menu. We had two drinks and Brü fries. Gravy on the fries was flavorless. Not really country sausage gravy.It'll be a real nice spot to have on Drury street, especially during the summer when they roll up that garage door wall they have going on there. 
The pour your own station looks really fancy and cool, I wish it were working when we went (opening night, so there's bound to be some bumps in the road) but it's a cool idea. If nothing else, it should be a way to get drinks a little faster.
The waitress service was good for us, and the beer selection is pretty decent. Beers here are in the $5-8 range so if you're looking for a quick cheap beer, head elsewhere (ah-hem directly across Drury street) but there's a lot to choose from. One thing I think could become a problem is ordering from the bar. The entire length of the thing has seating, and a lot of it, which will make it difficult to order directly from the bartenders. We ran into this problem once or twice.  Another potential downfall is that the food menu didn't look too exciting, but I didn't try it so hard to say. 
Overall, I'm excited that it's here, there's just a few growing pains to go through first. I could easily see coming back and changing this review to 4 or 5 stars in a month.From outside the place looks cool but the realty isn't like that. The waitress doesn't know anything about beers. I asked for one and they didn't have it so she recommended me a "similar" one which wasn't similar at all I couldn't even finish it! We waited for 30 minutes for the bill! They are soooo slow! The only good thing was the pretzel.Good food and beer selection. Good for groups because it is very loud! Service always fast and friendly. Will be back very soon.Not very good in any category except beer selection.   Service is weak.  Not terrible, but weak.  It will do, but don't expect something great.    Meh!   That sums it up well.I do like this place for their rotating draft beer selections, considerable can and bottle selection, and they offer an excellent happy hour.   I fell in food love with their fried pickles, and I always got them whenever I went there.  However, I was there for happy hour today, and the fried pickles have changed!  Gone are the fried pickles wrapped in prosciutto with the relish mayo . Instead, the pickles are just plain old fried pickles, with some sort of spicy sauce.  When I got them, and I didn't get the prosciutto in the first pickle, I thought, "Ok, maybe they forgot to wrap this one pickle."  Second pickle, still no prosciutto.  I was in the middle of the third and I had to flag the bartender, who told me that they changed the pickles because people were complaining about not tasting the pickle and it wasn't a vegetarian option.  
The bartender was cool with letting me try something else, because I was utterly disappointed.  So I got the curry knockwurst.  The wurst was good.  The fries and curry ketchup, not so much.  The fries were just drowning in the ketchup - it was like did I want some fries with my ketchup.  The ketchup was spicy, so in a smaller amount to enhance my fries, it would have been awesome, but as it was, I just ate the meat and left most of the fries.
Please, please, please bring back the old fried pickles!  Offer a vegetarian and a non-vegetarian option if you must!
4 stars for the beer selection, 2.5 stars for the food, but I only had two food items, so can't speak for the rest of the menu.It's been a while since I've been to Bru and while the menu has successfully expanded, I am disappointed with waitress dress code.  I think it is time to wear some pants, exposed buttocks are "so yesterday".
Forget that.  No pants is the way to go.We were walking around, exploring Philedelphia and decided to stop here because they had a small outdoor area, and we grabbed some brews.  It was mid-Friday and I have no idea what was going on inside but it was really dark and wild, haha.  Huge beer list!stopped by here with my gf to grab a beer...they have a huge selection. seemed like a really fun place.*Drinks Only Review* I went here last night for the Penn Law post-graduation cocktail hour, and it was packed! I was a little upset at first- there were an incredible number of people jammed into the place and it was taking 10+ minutes to get a drink. I finally got my order and went back to chat with my friends when all of the sudden the manager, Todd, comes up with a free round of drinks for my entire party, offering his sincere apology for the chaos and the wait. He went so far as to ask what each of us was drinking, and gave us one of the "beer keys" to the taps for another few beers. This more than made up for the rocky start! He really did a great job ensuring that we were having a good time, and as a customer, I think that goes a really long way. He learned all of our names and even said goodbye on our way out a few hours later.
It turns out Bru was only informed of our large party's arrival a mere 30 minutes before- hardly enough time to accomodate the overly large group. While there were some hiccups, I believe they did a great job trying to make up for any and all issues, working with the staff they had on hand to make the night go as smoothly as possible. We will be sure to return to try the food after our great run in with Todd!I went to BRU with my wife and three kids.  I was worried if it would be kid friendly or not.  There was no problem in that regard.  I got the spicy wurst and it exceeded my expectations.  The tap list is very solid, nothing stunning but gets the job done.  They have a huge bottle list.  They were out of a bottle I wanted, but suggested one that was similar, I did not ask for the price but it ended up being 3x the price.  My fault for not asking, I would have save the splurge for some bottle at Monks.I've been to Bru twice, both on Sundays. It is a nice weekend spot to grab some food and watch a game. They have about About 8 flat screen tv's for sports games and is a decent size with a decent amount of seating. I heard it can get really crowded on a weekend night, but haven't been yet. The place also seems very clean and the restrooms were very clean as well.
I ordered the burger which was okay, nothing really special but my friend got a brat and said it was delicious. Bru also has a large selection of good beers, primarily German beers on tap which you wouldn't really be able to find in any non German themed bar. They also have a good bottle list as well. I tried 2 of the wheat beers which were excellent. Bru also has the pour your own beer tap system which I haven;t tried yet but seems pretty cool. This place has been open for a little over a year now and is a bar in center city. Bru is a place that I would go back to during the daytime and will try it out during a busy night in the future.Horrible service, the food was "okay" but our waitress sat around while we sat with empty glasses and no condiments.I really came here for no other reason other than this is my first time in Philadelphia, I was looking for craft beers, this place had "Bru" in its name and it was within walking distance of my hotel. With respect to on-tap American craft, I have seen much broader choices routinely in my hometown of Cincinnati. Don't laugh, Cincinnati is waaaay underrated with respect to its craft beer production and selection. If you find a better city for craft beer, you and I have two places we can go "con mucho gusto!". 
However, with respect to this establishment, the tap choices were geographically broader than most and they were rock-solid choices. They pulled from nearby as well as from across the country with respect to their on-tap selection.  Additionally, they had some great choices with respect to German-brewed beers and a limited, but solid, choice of Belgian brews. One area where they excelled was their selection of bottled brews. Too numerous to count and if you couldn't find something there you liked, you simply do not like beer! 
They seem to have a competent selection of liquors for those who are interested in cocktails. In the past I have been known to tip a few high-end bourbons and scotches but that is no longer in my wheelhouse.
They are a "Germanic" establishment so they lean towards wursts, etc. I am not a real big fan of Germanic fare so I went for one of their specials which happened to be chicken wings. The best I can tell, they were only offered in one flavor. However, both the drums and the flats were HUGE and the flavor was excellent albeit they may be too spicy for some.
Service was outstanding! It made it difficult to tell who was waiting, who was serving, who was busing and who was just checking in with you.  All the employees I encountered were younger folks and their lights were on and someone was home! :-) They all seemed to have a very strong customer satisfaction orientation.
I am glad I found them on my first night in Philadelphia as I intend to visit them again!My wife and I really like coming here. Solid beer menu and food. Get the fried pickles, I could eat them every day! Service is good. Not a whole lot of seating for dinner, but still a great place.So I never been to a Germany bar before this one so I don't have another German bar to compare it to. Maybe giving it five stars isn't right, but I don't care. From what I was told they don't have a huge food menu like other Germany bars but the food menu was a decent size. The food was yummy. Now on to the beer menu. Omg I love beer and I love their beer menu! There were four, yes four pages for beer. Can you say heaven? Can beer, draft beer, all kinds of beer but not the cheap beer. Hey I'm not knocking cheap beer, I love all beers. I got the Arcadia Jaw Jacker. It's a pumpkin beer. They offer samples of the draft beers so if your not crazy about the flavor your not stuck with it. The workers are friendly and helpful if you have questions. So if your looking for a new place to try come here.Barely a star. This night here was horrible. The one girl that was a drink runner from what I can gather was absolutely rude. She not only pushed me out of the way, without saying excuse me or sorry but when I pushed back she told me that she worked there so stop being rude and she could kick me out so watch it.  It was absolutely disgusting and such horrible customer service I left on my own. My friend and I also went outside for a cigarette. We had been IDed and stamped when we first arrived. Upon trying to re enter we were told by the doorman to get back in line and wait. Other people in line asked us why and they couldn't believe that we had to. As a patron you should be treated as a guest with respect. NEVER go hereCame here for happy hour on a Friday night. Great Hh deals: $4 beers. For food we ordered the sausage gravy fries. Fresh hand cut fries and generous portion of sausage gravy on top. Great atmosphere and not very expensive. Will be back.Great service, beer, and food. Stopped in for Philly beer week and they have ommegang beers highlighted to kick off week. $4 happy hour drafts for great beer selection will keep me coming back. Also should note $5 appetizers and wurst during happy hour. Here on Friday and a bit crowded but not too crowded ( bar seat is a good possibility with little to no wait). Good atmosphere and *bonus* outlets at bar to charge phone (always a great feature). Not a bad word to sayIf you've ever been to a loud, rowdy touristy German pub in Anywhere, USA, then you've been to Brü. It's not that this new joint isn't entertaining and it's not that it doesn't offer a fine selection of beverages of the hop and wheat type, but if you're looking for conversation and a table not overridden by sports fanatics shouting at the basketball game on TV, then Brü isn't going to be your jam, or Wurst or whatever it is that you're looking for.
The food is fine - typical German pub fare. The croquettes were fried, but lacking in oomph. And the tap selection isn't impressive...I settled for Ithaca Apricot wheat, which was probably the least German thing ever. So perhaps this review is more shame on me...maybe it's my fault I'm not into American sports, loud crowds, sharing slippery-varnished benches with drunken hoards and sausage-product.I have stopped in here twice in the past 2 weeks. I found it to be a perfect spot to order some picky food, sit outside and indulge in their 4 page beer menu. The zucchini and tomato flatbread was exceptional. It looked great and tasted so fresh, which was exactly what I was looking for. My boyfriend got the BRU fries, which is a deliciously, artery clogging combination of fries, bacon gravy and pork sausage. For those of you keeping score - yes, that is 2 different types of pig....and it's delicious.
Noteworthy: The service there is really fantastic. Both times I have gone our server has been incredibly friendly and always there when you want service. 
Definitely worth stopping in for a happy hour or a few drinks outside while the weather is still nice.The food is decent but if you want authentic German food go to Brauhaus. The beer list is pretty extensive and their mussels are good. I have to agree that service can be hit or miss. I have never been here late night and based in other reviews I probably never will.Bru is one of my favorite places to do happy Hour in center city. The bartenders and the wait staff are so nice! $4 beers =AMAZING! The Pretzels with Gouda Cheese is a must! The vibe is really chill.  If you are really having a good time and decide to stay a little longer on Friday night there is dancing with a DJ. Can you say fun fun fun?  Lol. Pretty nice not having to go to another place to dance after happy hour especially in this freezing cold weather. Ended up spending 5 hours there, and it was a good night.Great beer selection, and the prices are totally acceptable. The food is really well-priced, but taste wise isn't that great. Fries were worth trying though.
Very happy to see something like BRU in the area...really fits in with the other bar options but offers something new and different.
Will definitely be back to review again once I've been there in warmer weather with outdoor seating.Excellent is all I can say.  My wife had the pretzel, and I had the Jagerschnitzel and a side of Spatzle.  Being Swiss German I've had both quite a few times to say the least.  The Spatzle was the best I have had outside of Germany.  And the schnitzel was excellent.  The service was also great, Taylor was attentive and very nice to us.  I see myself returning in the future for more great meals.  I also spoke to the manager, and he was very nice to us as well.Great food and all homemade. Wurst sandwich was great. The beers selection was awesome. Are server was polite and friendly. I would recommend it to anyone. Great atmosphere too.I'm not a huge beer snob, so I'm usually at wine bars. My grad school hosted a happy hour here and it was a good venue with plenty of seating in the back. 
There was a strange security guard who kept scolding my skinny white guy friend to stop "leaning" on the table. For real???
Other than that--good times had by all. The customized music mix machine was broken though and there was a long wait at bar.
Good for group. Loud noise volume--even when not full. Poor acoustics.The servers are NOT dressed in Lederhosen! Tight fitting pants and stockings that enhance the appeal.This was my first and last time at Bru. The music was so loud I had to yell just for my wife to hear me. We were crammed into a small table next to 2 larger parties that were also crammed in. A chair had been added to the table next to us and the woman's hair was inches from our food. Despite booking the reservation for outdoor seating, none was available when we arrived and we were stuck inside. 
Being our first time there, we tried some appetizers and entrees and wanted to see how they compared to Frankford Hall and Brauhaus Schmitz. The potato pancakes were overcooked, had a weird texture and were hard to cut. The soft pretzel was decent and had a nice munster chesee dip to go with it, though the cheese portion was small. The bacon knackwurst was not bad but was put on a standard roll and drowned in spicy mustard. The weiner schnitzel was hard as a rock and required heavy sawing to break apart. The potato salad side was more like large slices of potato with a light dressing. Both that and the schnitzel were mostly flavorless.
Overall we were very disappointed with the experience. There are much better options for German food in Philly for the same price (and cheaper even).
Summary:
+ Good waitress
+ Large beer selection
- Poor food quality
- LOUD
- Too expensive for quality/quantityExcellent selection of beer. Pub food with a dark setting cadence. Loud ambience. Sweet wait staff and a feeling of comfort with the security crew on the watch at all times.What an amazing beer selection! Always a hit with me. Delicious food, although German potato salad served warm is sooooo much better. A little loud. But I would return to this spot. Give it a try! Give those ladies a break and get new "uniforms."I've been here twice now for lunch and can't say I have been disappointed.  They have a great beer selection (duh).  The seating area is adorable, especially in the summer with the garage door open in the back.  And the food is great!  I order the veggie burger and it is by far one of my favorites in the city.I've been to Bru a few times and have no real complaints about it. There's space in the front for those who are interested in dancing around a bit and then the area by the bar is always really full late nights on the weekends. I have tried a couple of their snacks during the day and would recommend their pretzels.
 I recently returned here and was a turned off a bit by how watered down my cranberry vodka was. The music is also decent here. This is the kind of place that I usually go to at the end of the night after visiting other places.The beer options here are limitless, and the service here is great. Their European themed appetizers also complement the wide selection of beers.I give this place 4 stars due to the large beer selection. However, the food is just ok. I personally enjoy German food, so it's good when I want a quick wurst. They aren't the best, but they're not bad. However, recently I made the mistake of ordering a salad. It was just plain bad. The artichokes seemed old and were bland. The arugula was brown on the ends. The dressing was not good either. I stuck with 4 stars as I should have known better than to order a salad here. Words of advice: stick to the beer!Went here for the first time with a friend when we made our own impromptu St. Patty's Day weekend crawl.  They have pages and pages of beers from around the world, including different beers sold at sports arenas/stadiums around the world.  Prices are pretty standard and it's in a great location.  They have the token/debit card you can put money on and use at their installed kegs/kiosks.  We didn't have a chance to try them but it would definitely be nice to use especially when it's crowded.  The back entrance also leads you out to McGillan's next door which is always a plus.  I haven't had the chance to eat there but the menu looked interesting if you are into German food!Whatttt!! Amazing curry ketchup!  Regular foods taken to an expertise level of taste.  We walked in because of the name -- plenty of beer / knowledgeable staff - tell them what type of beer you like and they will tell you what you can order.   
Very odd experience though.. NO highchairs.   When I took my 3-year old to the bathroom, a blond haired patron turned the lights off on me.  I called out immediately, opened the stall to see her leaving.  My poor son-screaming.  
I'm guessing there is an anti-breeding culture in Philly???Everything was delicious. I had never understood why people went crazy for brats and after eating here, I realize I've never had good ones!  I'll definitely be back.Brought over 40 people here for an event.  An employee came bursting through and knocked my beer to the ground.  Never have I encountered more hostile bartenders and managers as I tried to rectify the situation.  You'd think a bar would treat someone who brings a large amount of business but BRU does not seem to follow simple logic.  The manager was incredibly rude and he bartenders did not care to cultivate further business.  I've never been in a bar so once incredibly business-incompetent. Will never give this place business again and neither should you.  Also, they promised to call back with drink specials and never did. Never had I had to try so hard to give a place business.  When Bru goes under, don't be surprised.  No business savvy or people skills.This place did not come up on first page due to 3-1/2 stars, crazy, it is at least a 4!  Not sure why it is a 3-1/2, beer selection is great, we sat outside, which was nice, had the Bru plate, a little bit of everything, was very good.  I would recommend this place to anyone!Unbelievably incredible burger! I'm addicted. Probably the best I have had. Not much more to say, I just highly recommend it and this will be my go to spot anytime I am craving a burger and it deserves 5 stars. I'm not sure if I was just ridiculously starving or if it was as out of this world as I was remembering it, but I will be going back soon to find out! 
Atmosphere wise, its just a german themed bar. The outdoor seating on Chesnut is fun to people watch if its nice outside, especially with the twinkly lights at night - this might be more nice if you're looking for a slightly classier/quieter area to sit and enjoy a meal since the indoors can get a little rowdy at times.Great food menu and extensive list of beer, cider and whiskey. Lots of funky Belgians and wild yeast brews! So have to make return trips to work through this list.
Had curry wurst, pierogies and fish n chips. Servings are big!even for the appetizer!  Wasn't positive the ketchup was curry flavored, I swore it was sirachi thoughThis place is awesome!! I was only here for literally 45 minutes but thought it was fab enough to write about.  The beer "fobs" are pretty clever, not to mention the beer selection was good too!  I am excited to return to spend a bit more time there and try some food!Super cool hang out for sausage aficionados like myself.  Thoroughly enjoyed the spaetzle too.   Even better, you can watch Bundesliga games on the weekends.   Oh...and those waitress outfits.  Worth a visit.I love to see Drury street becoming a serious destination for Saturday nights. Not that McGillins wasn't holding down the fort on it's own, but now the spill into the street from both packed establishments makes it a really exciting place to be. I can't wait for the summer!
Anyways, Bru has the right stuff to become a great spot to grab drinks with friends for a night out. The pour your own pint in the front is amazing. Basically you load up a card with money, swipe, and ta dahhhh... you dispense your own beer like a soda fountain. I'm excited to see what selections they will have in the upcoming future. I think to start the choices were a little unoriginal...but I have high hopes!
Haven't tried the food yet. Maybe next time :)Review is only for Bar!!!
We had planned to go here and have some apps and some drinks before heading to another place. It was a Saturday evening at about 5pm... this place was CRAZY. You would have thought it was midnight and it was the coolest place in town. We were shocked how crowded it was but it was a good time. We threw the idea of apps out the window and joined people at the bar.... It is a 20s something hang out on a Saturday. At least that night it was. The bartenders are upbeat, pretty and attentive. The drinks were flowing and we were making friends with people at the bar.
Sadly I can't speak for the food because we didn't end up eating there - maybe next time.This bar has German undertones, but I wouldn't call it a German bar exactly. This bar has a HUGE list of beers on tap, so variety is not a problem here. I recommend going during Happy Hour when their list of "Old World Favorites" are $4 from 4-7pm on weekdays. Their bru fries is a heart attack on a plate, but man it is oh so good. Cheese, bacon bits and gravy on the top makes the fries such a great comfort food. Not too crazy about the food prices in general, though.Late night, this place gets pretty packed. I call it "The McGillin's Spillover" since a small alley separates them and like McGillin's, this too turns into the bro zone. There really isn't that much dancing, it's more like that swaying and standing business, simply because there isn't enough room to do it, nor is there a proper dancing space. I always feel a tad awkward coming here with my male coworkers because I know as much as they wouldn't want to admit it,  they're definitely gawking at the female server's outfits, which are reminiscent of Hooters.BRU has a good beer list and pretty solid food.  The service can be spotty.Good beer selection and food. But I'm really disgusted by the way the waitress have to dress, which includes booty shorts and stockings. It's deplorable in this day in age and infuriates me as a German woman. You have completely bastardized the Dirndl, which is a beautiful and respectable outfit.  I am a knowledgable patron, well versed in German food and beer, but I will NEVER return unless you change your policies.After 101 reviews, I'm not sure what else I can tell you in my review.  Went the day after Christmas with my mister. We arrived around 5 and waited just a few minutes for a spot at the bar to open up. A table here and there were occupied.   
We sat down, ordered some drinks (yeay for happy hour drink specials).  We started off with the Currywurst (fries, knackwurst, curry ketchup) as our app and then our entrees arrived.   The mister had the mixed wurst plate (4 sausages, potato salad and sauerkraut) and I had the pork belly (confit berkshire pork, braised white beans, pickled local fruit). Our bartender gave us a gentle/friendly warning when we ordered, letting us know that we should prepare for quite a bit of food.  He was right, but we had no problem polishing everything off since it was so tasty and well prepared.  
We left around 7pm, noticed that it was getting more crowded both in the front and back of the restaurant.  The rear of the restaurant faces Drury Street and has a large, plexiglass garage door that I imagine is open in more seasonal times.Blah. Too young, tons of testosterone, I fell like I'm crashing a college bar.Never enjoyed the food here, only had drinks. Being a wine drinker, I was pretty lost as what kind a craft beer I would like.  The bartenders let me sample a bunch, they have such a big selection to choose from both bottled and drafts, German, local brews and American (like mill, etc.) Found out I like white ales and enjoyed them for the rest go the evening. 
Friendly staff, good Beer, reasonable pricesMeh. Tasteless food. Tolerable service. Not much taste for the food and wish we had a bit more direction for the beers they carry.When anyone suggests an evening at BRÜ, it is hard to refuse!
You never really know what the vibe is going to be like, on any given night. I have been here on peaceful evenings with my boyfriend as well as totally wild and crowded nights with my friends. Either way, the low light keeps things totally chill and fun no matter what! 
Like others have mentioned, the food is killer. It's certainly not "authentic" German food, but it's tasty enough to wash down with a good beer! The Bavarian Pretzel with Smoked Gouda Fondue and the BRÜ Fries are both amazing.
But really, who's coming here for the food? I think it goes without saying, but the best part about BRÜ is the undeniably impressive BEER selection! There are both American and German options, and with the $4 drafts at Happy Hour, why not try both?? If you're feeling extra adventurous, you can even opt for the 2L boot.
This is probably one of my favorite hangout bars in the city. I am giving four stars because the line for a drink can be ridiculously long sometimes, but everything else is great. I will be back time after time!Did not dig this place ...i felt like asses were all over my food.  I dont know if ut was because it was happy hour or what.I came here for happy hour and during an evening stroll while visiting the area. Happy Hour is awesome, and they have great specials for an impressive selection of beers. It seemed fairly easy to get a seat, and the service was attentive. 
Now later on in the evening, it was a bit more wild. It definitely got a lot more crowded and loud. I wouldn't necessarily think that would be out of place on a weekend night, but keep that in mind if you plan to stop by for a late dinner.They now have a (I think) great happy hour: $4 1/2 liters of german beer, including some good ones, as well as some assorted 1/2 price pretzels and things. Oh and it looks like the pour-it-yourself beer tap is open too. It's getting there!So I have to review Bru in two parts:
1. You can find some really hard to find beers here and the food is pretty German traditional. We (a group of 5 of us) spent a rainy Saturday afternoon here a few months back. When we first arrived around 1, we got seats at the bar and were attentively served. They had some soccer matches on (big plus for myself) and we ordered some beers and food. Once 4 o'clock hit, it just seemed to go haywire. People began stumbling in from McGillans across the alley, seats were getting taken anytime you got up to go to the bathroom and the bartenders seemed to struggle a bit with food and drink orders. I honestly don't blame the bartenders, it was at least 2 deep around the bar.  It got louder and rowdier and it just turned into something that wasn't our scene. I would definitely go back if I'm looking for a ridiculous selection of great beers and some German food.
2. We have been trying to book a private party with Bru for over a week for a business event.  The contact will not return phone calls or emails and our event is rapidly approaching.  We thought this would be a great place to entertain a group of 30-40 clients but it seems like Bru is not interested in our business.
I like Bru as a restaurant/bar, I do NOT like the way Bru handles it's events or private parties.I went here during the late afternoon on a weekend and I really liked the place. I've heard it gets crowded at night, so you might want to avoid it at night if you're not into the packed bar crowd. The best thing about this place is the atmosphere. It has really nice decor, with a ton of huge TVs with any soccer game that you want to watch playing. They have a unique set of brews on tap and the food I got was pretty good. I'll definitely be going back.Food was great, tons of alcohol, a little loud, but then again we were there on a Friday night... Brats are delicious, the pretzel app was delicious... 2 thumbs up!!!A fantastic brewpub located in the heart of Philly. They have a very large selection of beer, including a wall where you pour your own drafts. The service was good, and the food was excellent. Overall, I'm glad I found this place, and would happily return.Frequent this place for happy hour after work. Great beer selection. Would recommend it. I can't say much for dinner. I'm sure it would be great thought.Huge list of beer. Everything is like special beer nothing like a typical. I asked if they had a very popular German lager and was told to read the 200 bear list. Bar was loud and the dj want very good. This place has a lot of potential to be Amazing, but fell short.Nice vibe. We sat at the bar to eat our dinner and this place did not disappoint. Our food was really good and I was able to special order my sandwich without a hassle and it came out exactly how I ordered everything! The bartenders are attentive and also pour their drinks with a little pizazz to keep things interesting. Plenty of TVs to watch sports and the bathrooms are close to the bar and clean, too.Crazy huge beer selection.  Really... too many!
But if you like to try a butt load of American and beers this is the place to go!!   
Good food.  GoodAfter a day of sampling at Reading Terminal Market, I ended it right here at Bru! My Philly friend sure knows the good spots! Went there during happy hour and we had a great spot. The ambiance is huge but pleasant. The beer selection is ridiculously insane! I got this great mint chocolate stout for $4! Yeah tasted f**kin good!! Oh, starters are $5 so got myself Currywurst! Damn that was good! My server Elizabeth was sweet and cordial, so my first trip was well worth it! Look forward to coming back again!Our fearless leader selected this spot for a boys' afternoon watching the Eagles before heading off to Abe Fisher.
The beer selection was excellent, and all of the beers I sampled were in good condition. I had the Hacker Pschorr Dunkel Weisse and the Schenider Aventinus, which I have missed since the closing of Wechsler's in the East Village.
As we were moving on to a large meal, we had light bites, the pretzel and the fried pickles. These were fine if nothing to write home to about.
Service was a bit slow, but friendly.My friends & I actually ended up here twice on Saturday.. once during the day & again later on that night.  Both times the waitress was friendly & knowledgable, suggesting beers based on what we liked/disliked/etc.  We didn't order any food (liquid diet kind of day) but everything on the menu looked really good.  Kind of like a less-authentic Brauhaus.  
There were a few not-so-great things though..
The "Pour Your Own Beer" tap set-up was unavailable (you have to buy a $5 button/card to use the taps) because they had run out of the buttons.  My friends were in the mood for an Allagash White, which is only located on the self-service taps, so they were out of luck.  
The music around 11pm on Saturday was bizarre.  It was like a ultra-mashup kind of thing, but they only played 20-30 seconds of each song & then changed to something completely different.  I don't know if they were trying to get people to dance or just get in to the music, but it's hard to do that when the song is changing every 20 seconds.
Last but not least, this is a big (and crowded) place to only have 2 small bathroom stalls.  I heard from one of the guys we were with that the men's set-up wasn't much better.  I'm sure they were restricted by the size of the building or something like that, but there are going to be some serious waits for those bathrooms!
All in all, definitely a good place to go.. seems like they just have a few kinks to work out.  I'll definitely be back!Reminds me a trendy garden beer hall. Good food and decent list of beer. I ordered the pull brisket sandwich, mainly because it came with fried pickles. 
It's a great place to accommodate a large party. We sat in the back that had nice hug windows. 
I recommend this place if you are looking for a laid back  environment with a good selection of beer.Great place with tons of options for beer. 
Get rid of the guy at the door or get him a id scanner. He's checking ids 50 times and asking questions, if he can't spot a fake now this isn't the job for him.I've been here mostly on Fridays. I like that you can buy a $5 keychain fob and then put money on it. You can use the fob to pour your own beer which I thought was pretty cool. The $5 is a one time fee for the fob and you get to keep it. It gets pretty packed here so come early like 8pm ish.This is one of those cases where, for me, the look and the idea of a place outweighs the actual experience/overall impression.  Now, to be fair, I don't feel "meh" about the place as a whole like the two stars represents, but I didn't feel it was a three-star worthy experience, either.  I would have said 2.5, but as we know, that's not possible on Yelp.  I was so looking forward to checking this place out -- I work close by and have had my eye on it to check out for a while now...so perhaps it was just a case of expecting too much?  Going at the wrong time on the wrong day?  I don't know.  I just know I think there's room for some improvement.
The beer selection has a wide variety.  There's truly something for everyone.  Plus.  BUT, the beer menus seem haphazardly organized.  You're handed a clipboard with multiple pieces of paper, two of which have beer selections.  (The other is food, which I'll get to).  Now, perhaps it's because I didn't have the time to figure out why (was only here for a quick round or two), but I thought two sheets of beers was odd/unnecessary.  Minus.
As for the food, I can't talk about the taste or quality because this was solely a liquid diet trip.  BUT, I wasn't impressed with the selection.  Choices seemed quite limited, and I was expecting more.  Minus on the selection, neutral overall since I didn't get to try anything.
The open garage door in the back affords some nice open air seating.  Plus.  The tables are large, communal, picnic-style with benches.  But they're VERY close together -- so close that I had the pleasure of feeling the woman seated behind me flip her hair onto my back every five seconds as she attempted to flirt with her date.  Minus.  A big table would be great for a large group, but otherwise, sharing is kind of a downer -- especially when you basically have to help the staff bus the table since you're more easily able to access it than she is.  Minus.  I also thought it was odd that the three people at the end of our table had one waitress, while we had another one altogether.  That was just weird.
But I liked the potential for fun after-work happy hour trips, and the plethora of TVs is always a plus in my book (but what was with the ones playing nothing but nonstop infomercials??)