One star because of the experience (which I'll get into in a second, believe me you want to keep reading) TL;DR, this place BRUTALLY killed a MOUSE in front of my friends and me (using 3 different methods - fire, stomping, whacking with a broom)
Would have been a 2 stars regardless because of the food. 
#1 red flag was the fact that it was cash only bc the credit card machine was being 'shipped' from California, ok fine bc it had at atm machine there. 
#2 was when we asked about the Unagi vs fresh water eel don, the waiter said the menu is messed up but they're actually the same item (?) the Chinese translation definitely wasn't the same and they're very different types of fishes. 
#3 we asked for the ginger milk tea and was told we could get 30% sweet but then the waiter comes back and says they can't do it bc they use a ginger sugar (lol, ok) 
#4 they asked if we needed our tea pot to be refilled and we said yes but the waiter took it away and never came back with it until we asked multiple times.
ANYWAYS, with all of that said, the food just wasn't good, I had one piece of the eel and stopped eating and chucked it. The chirashi was just ok as well as the Taiwanese chicken. The calamari was too breaded and couldn't taste the squid inside, the rolls were too small and the waffle with green tea wasn't good. My friends and I really have NOTHING good to say about the place despite us going over the food/any redeeming factors over and over.
Now to the finale, this is what happened:
1) Friend notices a mouse in little space between outside and inside door 
2) We get grossed out but took a picture of it and immediately notified the management 
3) Management came over to take a look and ignored it for a good ten mins
4) Some bald guy goes outside with an iPhone (for light) and a FLAME THROWER (the kind you use to melt the top of creme brulee and tries to burn the poor mouse (WHY COULDNT YOU JUST USE A BROOM TO SHOO IT OUT as the first solution instead of trying to light it up?!) 
5) Man lights up the mouse's tail but mouse is too scared to leave (duh)
6) Man opens up the door and starts to use a broom and mouse runs back and forth and doesn't go outside bc it's hiding behind the ATM machine
7) Another guy comes out with a broom and tries to shoo it out and still it's not budging.
8) Finally mouse runs and the bald man traps it in the corner with his foot. Then he STOMPS ON IT 3x!!!!!! Instead of holding it with foot and just shoo it with the broom bc he was so pissed.
9) We record all of this and get super grossed out and sad that we thought they killed this little animal unnecessarily
BUT THERE IS A TWIST AND IT GETS WORSE.
10) Other man tries to sweep mouse out to street and mouse starts trying to run bc it turns out that the mouse was only seriously injured and not dead
11) THE MOUSE IS LITERALLY ON THE STREETS ALREADY, the bald man chases after it and whacks it repeatedly AS HARD AS HE CAN until it's dead.
12) The mouse is dead with its guts on the street now and he sweeps it to the mounds of garbage bags. PURE Brutality? I'm not a mouse lover but this story sounds pretty shitty, right?
HEY BUT GUESS WHAT THE STORY DOESNT END HERE.
13) The second man comes into the restaurant and has the NERVE to come over to us and says VERBATIM 'hey, the mouse came from the outside, not the inside. I saw you recording, can you delete...'
I CUT HIM OFF right away. I said also verbatim 'what's on our phones is our property and we will do what we wish with it, please give us the check'
Ok #1 what makes you think you don't need to apologize for us witnessing all of that? #2 why do you think you can ask us to delete our videos and pictures?! Doesn't even make sense!!!
THEN ON TOP OF ALL OF THIS, they gave us a measly 10% off our bill thinking it'd be ok. We aren't asking for a free meal nor did we ask for any of this but if you're gonna comp anything, 10% is nothing. Please. A measly small apology when we were still at the restaurant before we just left.
I posted all the pics/videos as soon as we walked out  and have gotten an email from the owner. My friends and I have discussed at full length (like actually 1+ hour) on what to do and we decided that it was best to let the Yelp community what happened. It made us super sick, disgusted, and really upset after we left because of what we saw. Definitely one of the worse restaurant experiences we've all ever encountered. Not ok.They've absolutely improved in the last year.  They have an official website now!  The fish was super fresh, the chirashi bowl was delicious and well worth it (12-13 pieces of sashimi), tuna princess roll was delicious and well done!  I do agree with most people that their teas are sweeter than expected so I went with 50% sugar and it was perfect for me (side note: I don't like sweets too much, so it may depend on how much sugar you like).  Definitely our new place close by for sushi!We were so excited when "A" brought this little diamond in the [extreme] rough to our attention. Our mouths watered all day at pictures of Instagram-Worthy drinks and beautifully plated sushi. Alas, we couldn't control ourselves and set out to Bubblefish. 
Unfortunately, it was not quite the experience that we anticipated. Bubble fish is either understaffed, under-experienced, or some combo of the two which left service to suffer. 
Judging by other reviews, we can assume that the service is much better when they're less busy. 
Chinatown is becoming an increasingly popular area for weekend nightlife, so if they wish to compete with the Dim Sum Garden's and Banana Leaf's of the world, they're going to have to get it together when things get a little busy. Lucky for them, their drinks, sushi, and young, hip atmosphere give Bubblefish a fighting chance. 
**note: CASH ONLY**
Overall Ratings (1-5)
Service  1
Ambiance  3
Specialty Rolls  5
Drinks 4
Onigiri  3
Taiwanese Salted Chicken  1
Experience  3
CONs
1) We didn't get water until at least 30 minutes after being seated despite multiple attempts. 
A manager (such a sweetheart) hinted to a shortage of glasses so at least it wasn't a result of poor customer service. 
2) Our 'Taiwanese Salted Chicken' was a tad suspect... It seemed a bit dark. We weren't sure if it was supposed to be dark or the result of old oil. However, more alarming than the color was the texture of the chicken. The internal temperature was about 10 lucky seconds past salmonella paranoia-- a bit gamey to say the least. It reminded us of $5 General Tsos from the local Panda Express, minus the Tso Sauce. 
3) The staff seemed a bit disorganized and may want to consider investing in an electronic reservation system so that each server knows exactly what tables are theirs to focus on. Openable is absurdly expensive but management should totally check out SeatMe by Yelp!
4) Our server (at least we think she was our server ... it wasn't very clear) came to our table TWICE within our brutally long, 2.5 hour dine-- once to take our orders and once to collect her tips. "J" was certainly not her biggest fan; although, to giver her the benefit of the doubt, she didn't seem all that experienced. Either that or she just sucked?
5) They don't have enough seating for groups of 5 or more, so things were a bit cramped. Our 5 person party was placed at a table that was definitely made for 3-- 4 if you're lucky. 
PROs
1) The sushi was pretty darn good-- our favorite being the Bubblefish Roll. The price and the portions were perfect for 5 greedy, broke college students. There wasn't too much rice, and they really loaded on the fresh fish! 
2) The drinks were sooo yummy!! They measure up to the pictures in every way. 
3) Our subpar service was not overlooked by one employee in particular. We think she may have been a manager or the owner. She gave us a sincerely warm apology without us having to bring anything to the staff's attention.Hands down my favorite spot in Center City for sushi rolls! The rolls are on the generous side portion wise and the ingredients always taste fresh. Now if only they could steal the Tuna Dumplings recipe from Vic sushi and I'd bump this up to a 5 :)It's my favorite sushi restaurant because it's pretty cheap but also really delicious. I recommended to people if you're not sure where to go.I strongly recommend this place to everyone! Very comfortable atmosphere, delicious food, and reasonable prices! 
It's a great place to hang out with friends/family. 
Upon request, they have a separate  room that can accommodate private parties!
I gave this restaurant five stars because not only is the food amazing, but you can tell that they are really putting in the effort to please the customers as I have found a lot of restaurants don't care nearly as much. 
I have been there several times since their grand opening just a few months ago. 
I highly recommend ordering the Taiwanese Beef Noodle Soup. It tastes amazing and it's not as salty as most can be.  
Absolutely you should try their Bubble teas, the sweetened just perfect for me , not like other bubble tea stores that I have always to ask 50% less of sugar . especially sea salt froth green tea with Oreo Crumb on top that you must try.
I also love their sushi. It's very fresh and not many places can say the same!  Trust me on this review!  You will NOT be disappointed!First time came here i fall in love, best restaurant at chinatown. Sushi was great, fish are fresh and always have special fish every weeks,such as fresh oyster and live uni. Have lot of choice of bubble tea. Compare all the bubble tea house at chinatown, have alot of option that cant make u boring everytime u come here.I visit Chinatown frequently and try to look for new places to eat. Bubble fish has been open for a bit so my husband and I decided to try it this go around. We had a few questions on the menu since it was our first time. When we asked our waitress about some of the items she answered with one word without any details to help us make a decision.  
We ordered the Taiwanese crispy chicken which was ok. The seasoning was not mixed very well. You could see loads of seasoning on one piece of chicken but then none on the other. My husband had also ordered the honeydew milk tea since the restaurant is known for its teas. It was chalky and lukewarm, not iced, so it definitely didn't live up to its hype.  We ordered three sushi rolls and they were all mediocre. The rice was mushy which made the entire sushi piece mushy when eating it. 
Our waitress also consistently reached over us to grab items like our menus, plates, etc and never asked us how we were doing. And because she never came to check to see how we were doing, we went to pay at the register. Unfortunately, the workers at the register were distracted by talking about other customers that it took a long time to get their attention so we could pay. 
Overall, we were not impressed and disappointed that we weren't able to experience what gives this place its ratings.Memorable place. Love it. I had lunch there with a lovely girl, I enjoyed the meal. The food were served in a sufficient amount. And food was lovely, too.One word - underrated. Sure, the spotlight outside might be trying to attract attention, but for me, it was a calling. Overall, this is a chic and casual japanese restaurant with comfortable seating, upbeat and sick music, an impressive menu, and late hours (open till midnight, 1 AM on weekends). 
Let's start with the drinks. There are various "bubblefish specials", from which I tried the lavender oolong milk tea. It was delicious, substantial, and the boba was soft and chewy. They also use lactaid milk for their drinks (shout out to all the lactose-intolerant peeps). There are at least 3 pages of drink options to choose from, ranging from oolong teas, black teas, green teas, hot teas, juices, milk shakes, and smoothies. While it was just my first outing, looking at the other drinks from surrounding tables, I was tempted to order more...
For food, I tried the tonkotsu don, taiwanese beef noodle soup, and a couple of specialty sushi rolls. The tonkotsu don is a helluva dish - you get a big pork cutlet katsu (perfectly crunchy on the outside with juicy meat) upon a bed of white rice sitting in a castiron. Great value meal at $12 and filling. The beef noodle soup was rich and had great flavor. However, they use thin beef slices (which were kind of tough) instead of the traditional beef chunk cubes. The signature sushi rolls have plenty of flavor, mainly because they often come with tempura, some avocado or fruit, and a miso or spicy mayo sauce. 
Of note, they also have "Bubblefish boxes" (around $13-14), which come with a protein teriyaki of your choice, with california roll, shrimp and vegetable tempura, vegetables, and rice. I saw a few tables that ordered these boxes, and they looked massive!
I would definitely check this place out, there is bound to be something on the menu to make a great meal for anyone!FYI: Not really a tip but shout out to their interior designer. The aesthetics of the place are amazing.
WHAT WE GOT: salmon tacos, miso salmon, sushi/sashimi platter for one
PROS: Their food is absolutely delicious. I'm a huge fan of the miso salmon combination platter I ordered, which came with this side of stir fried veggies. Everything was seasoned beautifully and cooked really nicely as well. The flavors really complimented the salmon, which by the way, was absolutely amazing. The fish was still moist and retained so much of the soy-miso glaze they put on it. The whole dish was the perfect balance of sweet and savory on a bed of rice. My sister also loved her sushi platter. The presentation was gorgeous and the fish that I got to taste (salmon and yellow tail) were both incredibly fresh.
CONS: Our waitress was super nice and friendly but after we were done our food, we literally sat there waiting a solid 20 minutes before we even flagged someone down to bring us the check. Then it seemed like all of a sudden, our table didn't exist and no one would come and take the check back with my card to pay for the food. Like I made eye contact with our waitress TWICE and watched her meander around at the front by the cash register but she never showed up at our table again. Again, I had to flag someone else down to pay for the food. Like lady...you're not done with your table until they get up and leave the restaurant. Don't be standin there talkin to people when your customers are trying to pay.We came here tonight for dinner - was pleased by the food but not the service.   We ordered appetizer, an onigiri (rice ball) for daughter and couple of rolls for us.  I had asked the waitress to please not add any sauce or bonito flakes on the rice ball since it's for our 3 year old and instead just have a tiny bit of the sauce on the side.  She actually said that would cost us extra! And when my shrimp tempura roll came, it barely had any sauce on it.  When I pointed it out and requested for a little bit more, instead of giving me a little dipping sauce on the side like more places do, she asked to take my plate and brought out it to get tiny bit more sauce. 
Overall the place had great food and ambience. But come on, don't be so stingy with the sauces!We came in at 7PM on a Friday and the place wasn't as packed as I thought. The prices were pretty reasonable for sushi for dinner time. 
We ordered Marilyn Monroll, TGI Fresh Roll, Bubble Fish Roll, and the Salmon Poke bowl. What didn't do it for me was the salmon poke because I didn't expect the sudden sourness from the overzealous use of lemons. 
I would definitely come back but maybe not for the poke this time.I had a really bad experience coming here this past week. My friends and I came here to get some late night grub on a wed night around 930pm. Chinatown places are usually the only places open later on weekdays. 
We were seated by the window and asked the waiter if they took credit card. He said it was cash only because their credit card machine wasn't set up yet. So remember cash only for now. They have an atm machine though in case you need it. We ordered a decent amount of food for the group of 4 ppl we had. I got the fried calamari ($7ish) and chirashi (sashimi over rice)- $16. This place is probably on the pricier side for chinatown but since I got sashimi I'm not really complaining about that. The food wasn't that great- the fried calamari didn't really have any flavor. The chirashi had like 3 pieces of a couple different fishes and was average. After we were done eating the waiter asked us if we wanted more tea. We said yes but then he never came back and we had to ask someone else to get us more tea. At this point I would say I would have given this place between 2-3 stars.
Now the nightmare begins...my friend sees a mouse run into the restaurant from outside. The mouse runs inside between the two entrance doors. It's basically trapped between the two doors running around. Now I know the mouse didn't come from inside because it ran from the trash outside. I'm not saying the restaurant isn't clean because it seemed like it was. The way they handled the mouse situation was a bit appalling. We saw the mouse and mentioned it to the staff who didn't really do anything about it initially. They just stood around while the mouse ran around in between the doors- it was pretty gross. My friend took a picture and that's when they started doing something about it. It was super gross like I don't understand why they didn't do anything about it when we mentioned it because customers have to walk out of those doors to exit...
The one guy comes to try to get the mouse outside but to no avail. That's when he started using a mini flame thrower...I felt like the mouse's tail caught on fire....it was insane. I feel like they could have just used a broom and shooed it outside. So the first guy uses a flame thrower then the 2nd guy traps it with a broom against the wall. First guy then proceeds to stomp on the mouse against the wall. The windows are clear so you can see everything by the way. They finally manage to get the mouse outside ( I think it was kind of still alive but hurt); however they then proceed to kill it outside. It was pretty horrifying. I think they could have really handled it in a different way so customers didn't see the whole fiasco. 
At this point one of the guys comes over and says sorry but wants us to delete any recordings we have of the mouse. I'm pretty sure he only said sorry cuz he thought that would get us to delete the picture we had. Strange.....I would have just apologized and comped the meal. They gave us 10% off the bill which really didn't compensate for what just transpired. 
We were pretty grossed out leaving the place and I just felt like it was REALLY TRAUMATIZING. We didn't need to see that kind of brutality...flame thrower really....
Mouse incident aside...the food isn't that great either especially for the prices.This is located on the border of Chinatown and Jefferson station. Best sushi place I've been to in Philly! The employees are all very friendly. The setting is so modern and nice, while the seating makes dinner so cozy. Sushi is decent priced and fish is fresh. The quality of rice is perfect. Will definitely come here again!GoodTaiwanese beef noodle soup - very flavorful and at a great price! The chirashi bowl was also delicious, especially the rice.Food was good, but service was extremely slow, especially considering how little we ordered--5 rolls of the cheapest sushi they offered. On top of that, the restaurant wasn't very full. To be fair, our waitress warned us it would be slow, but you don't expect sushi to take 35 min to make...To be fair, I really have to return here again for another try as I usually do with places. First time here during their opening week I didn't quite enjoy my food or drinks. From what I gathered it is best to stick with drinking tea and eating sushi. I was hoping it was another casual bubble tea place but it was dined in instead. I just enjoy more places where you it is a blend of take out, eat in and without actually have to sit in for the service and all. It feels more simple, quick and fast. Like a cool hangout place. Anyhow, I will update my review once I come back again.A relatively new restaurant but extensive specialty tea drink selection and great location. That said, it's BYOB as well! Drinks come in huge cups (at least for bubble tea) so pace yourself. There's always room here and the decor is trendy, so perfect for larger groups on short notice. The combo platters are ok, but the chirashi that my friend got and beef noodle soup were superb and a much better value. The uni special was surprisingly fresh as well. Wish the servers weren't so jumpy to clean the table but were quick to fill water cups too. Will hopefully get to try out the snow ice next time!It is a great cozy place. It is my new go to restaurant when I want bubble tea or sushi-like food. I love the POKE!!!!! I did not know this existed until I went to this place. It is a perfect combination of ingredients for the sushi lovers. I ordered mine half salmon and half time for only 12 bucks !!!! I ordered the sushi hamburger which was amazing too. My favorite bubble tea is the very mango .... amazingGreat service. Super clean. Fresh sushi. Solid tea!
Dine in drinks are enormous--easily 2 servings, def take it to go if you can't finish. 
Spicy maki combo was 3 rolls for $12.95--total steal! Boba was fresh but the black milk tea wasn't as sweet as I'm used to...maybe because I got bubblefish and I need to try a different flavor. I'll definitely be back!The food that I've tried was DELISHHH.The mango bubble tea is the best thing on Earth along with the Tune Pòke omg. Tuna tacos--just gettemCame here with my mom for a birthday lunch earlier today, and I'm happy to say that my opinion of Bubblefish has very much improved.
I tried one of the sea salt froth drinks (peach green tea) and my mom had a melon green tea (50% sugar) and both were great. The salt froth tea was really interesting and a nice mix of sweet and salty, and the melon green tea reminded me of melon ice cream that we used to get in Japan (but less sweet.) We also got the sushi/sashimi platter for one. The platter came well presented, and the fish was, for the most part, fresh and yummy. My mom was a bit unhappy with some of the lesser known fish (that was my complaint last time as well). The platter was a good deal though ($20) and definitely shareable, so I wouldn't mind getting it again, even if there are some pieces that I don't love.
I will happily come back to explore more of their drink menu!Bubblefish is my go-to place for a small gathering with close friends! There are a plenty of drink options which is my favorite part. I've tried the pineapple coconut green tea and a mango drink (cant remember which one) and of course all the drinks that my friends got- they were all good! For food, I've had the beef noodles (highly recommend!!) marilyn monroll (my favorite roll ever) and unagi don (very large portion) I've never had a bad experience here and the servers are super friendly and helpful!My friend and I stopped in here thinking it'd be a cool spot to eat dinner. The atmosphere is really nice and I'm disappointed that I have to give such a poor review. I had such a frustrating dining experience here. My friend and I liked the bubble tea and appetizers we got, so I can at least give two stars. As for the sushi rolls, they were disgusting. They were mushy and very weird tasting. We got the Marilyn Monroe roll and I think it was called the Monster Roll? We each took one piece from each roll and called it quits. When we reported this to the manager and asked her to take it off our bill, her reply was, "No, it's not our fault you didn't like your rolls. There was nothing wrong with them." .... Obviously there's something wrong with your rolls if it tastes disgusting. She was rude and not at all accommodating. I was able to talk her into cutting the more expensive of the two rolls but our shitty dining experience was still $40.When bubblefish first opened I was a huge fan. I live in Chinatown and frequented bubblefish a few times a week (it's safe to say I was obsessed). Originally  I felt the sushi was high quality with a lot of flavor but on my most recent visit I was really disappointed. The sushi was mediocre at best and the spicy mayo was NOT typical spicy mayo. 
I hope bubblefish was just having a bad day as I really enjoyed their sushi, appetizers and wide variety of teas.I love this place! Although I have tried many other sushi restaurants else where, Bubblefish is by far the best yet!!! I love their Anger Dragon Roll, tuna and yellow tail hand roll! The Anger Dragon Roll had mango in it! YES you read it correctly! IT'S MANGO!! WHO DOESNT LIKE MANGO?! The hand rolls are bomb too cause the fish is placed from the front of the hand roll all the way to the back! (this is NOT where you take a bite from the hand roll, the fish is all gone and all you're left with is rice and nori! For noodle, I LOVE their taiwanese beef noodle! It has a strong herbal flavor in the broth! I love herbal flavor, but if youre not a fan of it, definitely try something else on the menu! Not to mention their drinks! Man, they have the tastes and by far the most healthy drink on the menu! From hot milk tea, fruit tea, freshly brewed hot tea (best presentation ever!) to fresh juice press! My favorite drink is the Guava orange green tea, its a MUST try! Would definitely come back and try out other food and drinks on the menu!Sooo good! Had the Green Peace roll, chicken tempura and honey lemon green tea. Delicious food, great ambiance, comfortable seating, friendly waitress. Definitely coming back for more!Ez five star. Nice location but the entrance isn't so obvious. That's probably I haven't ever been here in the past couple years living around. Atmosphere is nice with some quieter edm. Service is good. The reason I came in is I wanted to try something different, so I ordered the salmon rice burger, the mango drink, the spicy edamame and the grilled salmon head. 
Salmon burger is very interesting. I actually asked them how people eat it. Well some people eat it by cutting it into quarters but I just grabbed and devoured. The texture is GREAT. Very nice fit among rice, the crispy thingy and the salmon. The salmon is neither like sashimi nor grilled. It's more like the ground salmon you get in a sushi roll. Avocado is always good too. Try not to squish too hard on the burger as the content is very soft and can fall out easily.
Mango drink was good too. It was HUGE. I drink cold beverages very slowly so I ordered the other dishes. Spicy edamame was definitely interesting. It was spicy with some garlic slices. Indeed a very strong smell as told by the server. I loved it. Would be a nice complement to a special sushi roll.
Bbq salmon head, you can't just find it on the menu of every Japanese restaurant. The great thing about salmon head is the tenderness of the meat by the fish bone. A little overcooked to my taste, but it does then provide a good spectrum of meat tenderness. Skin is a bit too hard to chew. I did not agree with their selection of the dipping sauce. It was too sour for such a tender and slightly sweet meat. The lemon slice on the side was enough for me.
Overall, GREAT food, helpful server, great location. I went in on Saturday afternoon around 6, not too crowded and immediately got a seat. The Taiwanese appetizers on the menu look great too. Would come back. Would recommend.Food is good*, service is decent. 
*we liked everything we had except the three musketeers bubbletea. do not get this unless you like the taste of hairspray. They did allow us to exchange this for another one- pineapple coconut, which was pretty good.Modern-chic place with amazing food and great customer service! 
Seems like a great hang out spot for those who live in the area. When you walk in, they have a more rowdier section with bar-top tables and for those who want a little more intimacy, they have booths in the back. 
Was originally seated in the front (rowdier) portion of the place, but was moved to a booth once it opened up. 
Ordered the sushi burger, California roll, Spicy Tuna roll, Spicy Kani roll, Takoyaki, Red Curry Shrimp with rice,very mango drink, and the Bubblefish Oolong Milk Tea. 
The sushi burger was beautiful. Super difficult to eat as a whole, but if taken apart, the experience isn't as delicious. 
Takoyaki and the sushi rolls are all up to par and very reasonable. Nothing outstanding, but wasn't bad. 
At first I was taken a back by the very different and distinct flavor it was, but eventually grew to love it! A little closer to the saltier side, but overall very flavorful. 
Drinks: If you do order the very mango drink, SHARE! It's huge. I made the mistake of ordering this for myself and there was no way I could finish it. However, the waitress was nice enough to offer a to-go option for the drink, which most places don't actually do.First time trying this place, was excited to try the Chirashi and sea salt froth drinks! I was not disappointed the sushi was on par and was priced fairly, the service was great, and I enjoyed the Green Tea Peach sea salt froth drink! The decor was very well done, and I think this is my go to place for sushi in the city! Thank you Bubblefish for a great lunch yesterday and service, I will be backVery nice and clean place for intimate setting. 
Seaweed salad: decent size, very fresh and tasty 
Sashimi: very fresh, unique combination of fresh seafood such as octopus, some smoked white fish.
Takoyaki: very delicious, not greasy, very tasty. Highly recommended.love their yogurt mango. Big cup have to split it with my brother. takoyaki is okay. sushi is different i ordered angry dragon comes with pink wrap.Took my wife, Sofia there for her birthday as we are sushi lovers... Boys it's one of the best sushi place of all in Philadelphia! Very unique and one of a kind sushi place with excellent services and AWESOME menu none found elsewhere in Philly and NJ! Sofia had "Green Peace" which is a signature roll consisting of sweet potato tempura, asparagus, cucumber, mango, topped with sliced avocado and mango puree. I had "Tuna Princess"
which consist of spicy tuna, avocado, topped with torched peppered tuna, honey wasabi and spicy mayo sauce. For drinks? You won't believe their list of dizzying array of tea infused hot or cold drinks with varying kinds that can't be found elsewhere.I really love this place. My friends took me here. Their food is amazing. They own the best takoyaki and cold grass jelly. We shared a pot of herbal tea, which smelled pretty good. I am not a big lover of raw fish, but I tried couple pieces of my friends' sushi roll. They were tasty and fresh, really different from what I had in other places. Their desserts were fresh made too. A perfect place for dinner or relaxing. 5 stars, defiantly come back soon.This place has quickly become my favorite sushi spot in philly. The sushi is always very good and the price is great. The sea salt froth teas are AMAZING. Try this place out!Salmon rolls and spicy tuna, to die for! The place has a great vibe. Try the noodle soup too, yum! Volcano chicken isn't on par with the rest of this delicious meal though. Spicy garlic edamame is a must! They play a lot of Zaryan here, so come ready to boogie!We did take out but will dine in eventually for the full effect.  They don't have a menu online but we were able to view pictures of the menu online from geniuses who were able to post them. So thanks!!  
We got the sushi and sashimi platter for 2, yellow tail scallion roll, spicy crunchy tuna (this is not listed but I would assume is a pretty common roll - they actually had no idea what it was and I had to explain to them), and the tuna tacos.
Since we got take out the tuna tacos came deconstructed - there were three of them.  They were good - it was a mix of iceberg lettuce with masago, tuna and a spicy sauce .  I've had better elsewhere but this was still good. 
The sushi rolls and sashimi were decent and satisfying.  Everything tasted good There was one particular fish that was not good at all - I think it was the mackerel, they seared the sides - I don't know if that's what made these pieces unbearable chewy but I really did not like this at all.  Everything else was good.  We will stop in again to try their other menu items.Awesome drinks. The best peach green tea I've ever had! My boyfriend had the golden smoothie which was amazeballs!! The sushi portions are pretty small. My miso salmon was a very small portion and was woefully undercooked. The sauce on the salmon was tasty, but the fish was dry and the skin on the salmon was slimy...not crispy.
Hopefully we will try more good options from this spot because the drinks are just too good to pass up.Loved the bubble tea. Had a mayo slush with tapioca. The drinks are pretty large. The food is good as well. However, I enjoyed the wings the most.BEST BUBBLE TEA EVER!!!!  My wife and I strongly recommend the Orange Guava Green Tea with Yogurt Pops with extra guava.  It isn't on their menu anymore, but they can still make it.  We haven't tried the food, but I've heard it is also very good and they have many hard to find entrees.I had been looking for some decent sushi and figured Chinatown would be a cool place to start. Came up with this little gem bubblefish. First off, the ambience is amazing! Great place for a first date or just when you're feeling fancy. As far as price goes it is very reasonable. They have basic sushi $4-6 and the fancier one for $8-10. If you go during lunchtime you get even better deals. Service was great and overall would come again.The bubbletea was amazing. I got the thai tea and it was shaken in a machine and the boba was a little bit al dente. The sushi wasn't really anything special. We got the bubblefish roll and then the philly roll.Our go-to sushi restaurant had been Bleu Sushi, but we were intrigued by the rotating light sign of the cute bubble fish out front that shines on the sidewalk.  Fast forward 2 weeks, and finally we got to try their sushi and bubble tea on a late Sunday night!
I was expecting it to be very busy, but we were able to be seated right away.  There is a variety of seating, with tables in the front by the window, to smaller booths, and a lounge area with a big red couch in the middle by the sushi bar and drink station.  We were seated in the very back with round booths, which were very cozy.  I like how it's not too crowded with tables and I felt like it was a deliberate choice to preserve the ambience, with lovely lighting with clear bulbs around the lamps and the dark, cozy feel.  
We ordered:
1. Tuna avocado roll ($5, 8 pieces) - amazing, no fishy taste at all, and the ratio of fish to rice with so high!  Tender and flavorful.  The ratio of fish to avocado was also perfect.
2. Yellowtail roll with jalepeno ($5, 6 pieces) - this was also amazing, with a buttery yellowtail taste that was also not fishy at all.  The jalepeno added a tiny bit of kick and was not overpowering at all.  
3. Bubblefish roll ($10.95, 8 or 10 pieces) - THE BEST THING WE ORDERED.  Spicy crab roll with mango, wrapped with seared salmon and miso glaze.  I could have eaten two of these rolls.  Perfect balance of flavors, tons of crab filling and my favorite part was the seared salmon part on top.  The miso glaze was slightly sweet and added a great finishing touch.  Fresh mango that wasn't too sour provided texture and balance.
4. Taiwanese beef noodle soup - this took awhile to come out.  Large slabs of marbled beef with a clean and mild soup taste.  The noodles were al dente and nicely flavored.  The tea egg was a bit overdone.  Overall not bad, but not a standout either.
Drinks:
5.  Peach green tea ($4.25 without bubbles) - very nice and strong tea taste.  Came in a beer stein.
6.  Bubblefish milk green tea ($4.75 with bubbles) - again, no artificial powdery taste here!  Funny that all the milk drinks were made with lactaid, but I wouldn't have known that unless I read the menu.  Bubbles were soft and chewy, and it came in a cute glass.
Overall, the sushi and drinks make this a standout place to treat yourself after a long and busy work week.  Perfect for hanging out at night with friends or with a significant other.  I want to come back and try the lunch special - 2 rolls for $7.95 (the normal rolls, not the special ones).  I also want to try some of the other things on the menu - the Tuna Avocado and dons will be my next targets!  So excited to come back!I ordered delivery - good unagi bowl with a fair amount of the sushi-type of eel w/ the sauce. Rice was the sushi type of rice and delicious as well. A bit pricey for lunch but I had a discount.This review is strictly for their bubble tea bar!
I went with two other people ordering a total of four drinks for ourselves. The atmosphere was super hip and trendy, as I loved the design of the place. Would have stayed if I had time though, as I was visiting from Virginia just for the day. For drinks, I ordered the avocado smoothie as they are my favorite. It was mediocre compared to what I've had before, and tasted like they used too much ice. My boyfriend got the rice water bubble tea, or something along those lines, because it sounded very unique - and that it was! Personally, I didn't enjoy the drink and didn't expect to be drinking actual pieces of rice. For the third drink, we had a regular milk tea with bubbles, which of course was good because you can't go wrong with that. And the fourth drink was a guava green tea, which I loved and was surprised that it wasn't as sweet as I expected. I definitely recommend this place for their bubble tea, as they have many unique options! Just be cautious of ordering any smoothies or else expect an icee!Im a really big sushi and tempura fan. I know that sometimes shrimp tempura includes vegetables however I feel that mine included way more vegetables than usual. Maybe I'm biased because Yakitori serves shrimp tempura by itself without vegetables for the same price this place serves it with vegetables and you only get 2 shrimp. The additional vegetables were sweet potato, broccoli, mushroom and asparagus. Also under the description it'll tell you if it's shrimp and vegetables however this didn't have that so I was under the impression that it was solely shrimp. Also I must note that the usual sauce that's served with shrimp tempura was not given, I was given soy sauce. 
The sushi wasn't bad as all, didn't seem as fresh as I am use to but it wasn't bad. I had the Marilynroll. 
The interior decor was modern and grand. I wouldn't have minded eating there (btw I did Take Out).
I wouldn't mind going back to check out other sushi dishes however, I would not order tempura again.If you are craving sushi late at night this is the place to go! They have varieties of sushi and different dishes and they are all pretty good for the price! Their atmosphere is really pretty, looks like a good casual date place! I highly recommend their spicy Maki combo, and princess tuna!Delicious!
A lot of things to choose from in the menu.
They really make you feel comfortable just being there!
I don't say this a lot but you don't feel rushed at all!
Amazing service!
As for the food, a lot of teas to choose from and amazing combinations of sushi! I had the sea eel Don and it was really delicious. If you're new to eel, I recommend trying it. I'm sure you won't regret it because it's packed with flavor. I also loved how they give you enough rice to go with the eel and each bite with the rice was the same amount of flavor you got with the last bite. They made sure of it by spreading out the eel and the rice so that each bite you take is going to be delicious.
I can't wait to come back!
I'll surely be a returning customer!I came to Bubblefish after a friend's recommendation. Bubblefish is conveniently located near the Chinatown arch, which makes it convenient to find. The restaurant is expansive, so there are always tables available. The wait staff were very friendly and recognized me the second day I arrived.
On the first day, I ordered the fresh oysters since they just arrived. Unfortunately when I ordered it, I realized that they would be raw instead of fried. I enjoyed a few of them. I'm not a huge fan of hot sauce and there were a few oysters with hot sauce pre-applied. However, they were definitely fresh and presented beautifully. I ordered the chirashi, which I usually get at other Japanese restaurants. The slices are quite thick and I didn't think there was enough rice. There was one protein that I didn't like, and didn't realize what it was until the next day, which was the conch. The conch has hot sauce pre-applied and is also tough compared to fish. I also ordered the very mango drink. The mug that it comes in is quite tall, so you get a lot of drink for the price. It was very tasty. At the bottom are balls of liquid, similar to salmon roe. It was quite unique and was fun at first, but then it became a chore to consume.
On the second day, I started with the takoyaki. Yum! I've never had it before, but heard wonderful things. It was definitely a treat. The outside is a soft fried batter, while the inside is soft and contained discernible pieces of octopus tentacles. I ordered the sashimi heaven. Unfortunately it was just a larger version of the chirashi I ordered the previous day, except that the rice was on the side and there were more slices of the same set of fish and conch. This time the wait staff named the contents of the dish, so I was aware that there was conch. This time I removed the hot sauce and it wasn't as bad. Though the slices of fish were just as thick. The presentation was definitely pretty. I ended the evening with a matcha green tea crepe cake. It was delicious! It was like eating layers of green tea-flavored phyllo dough.Best sushi I've had in Philly! Amazing service, delicious food. Everyone is so warm and friendly. The tofu cheesecake was incredible and I don't usually like tofu. I can't wait to go back.Was taken here by my dear cousin and I still think about it. Honestly for 12 bucks and huge salmon poke bowls? This is your place.
I've had plenty of poke bowls but I would say this one stands out. Lots of salmon, huge portion sizes, fresh fish, and fresh ingredients.
It's a perfect place to eat out late at night in Chinatown and to just chill, which is what a lot of people do at this place.
Ambiance is very modern and service is pretty quick. 
My only pickle is I wish I could have more veggies with my poke bowl but alas no place is perfectThe Chirashi bowl here is massive, fresh, and innovatively prepared with the daintiest of sear applied to the tunas. The rice was sticky and perfect and dusted with tobiko.
High regards.This new addition to Chinatown is great. High quality sushi and a huge variety of drinks. Service is only okay but getting better each time I've been. They have a decent lunch sushi 2 roll combo for $7.95. Wish they had a 3 roll special like most sushi places. They are finally taking credit cards now with a $15 minimum, but they split checks which is great with groups. The spicy garlic edamame is a good app. Volcano chicken is bland but not surprised since it is a sushi restaurant. I like the almond sesame milk hot tea. Definitely worth a visit. The interior is modern and trendy. A downfall is the amount of time it takes to get your food. Usually takes a while.Very good food and innovative!  Fun experience.  I live in the capital of fresh Asian fusion being from OC California - visiting my son who goes to UPENN - and this restaurant fit the bill for fresh, unique and aesthetic sushi and it's various incarnations.  Definitely try this.  You won't be disappointed.  FYI the sushi burger is to die for and NOT on the menu.  Make sure to ask for it.  It's a meal in itself.excellent service from start to finish. had the Taiwanese salt baked chicken, could be crunchier but flavor was exceptional. Sashimi heaven was worth the price  for drink, very mango is so good! big glass for 5.25$ WORTH IT. great place for sushi and drinksI really enjoy having bubble fish nearby. I can literally drop by for delicious sushi without having to drive to New Jersey, or I can just drop by for a quick bite with their onigiri! Their fruit smoothie are pretty good too. Service on point.Bubbletea and sushi - every Asian's dream.
Lots of Taiwanese flair here.  Very, very clean restaurant, quick and friendly service.  Trendy environment.  I was definitely a fan of the space.  
Smoothies / Tea:
As I have a huge sweet tooth, I like to save my sugar intake for my dessertsssss.  With that said, I really, REALLY appreciate that you can choose just how much sugar you want in each of your drinks here - Less 70%; 50% or even 0... YES!  Most of the smoothies are already so sweet so you can totally cut it down in half and not even miss out on it too much.  I highly recommend the Matcha milkshake.... omg this was amazing.  Perfectly blended; not too sweet AT ALL.  Refreshing and just SO GOOD.  The Very Mango smoothie is super popular here and though it was good, it only comes second to the Matcha milkshake for me.  
FOOD:
Things we have ordered during our dining IN experience and our take out experience:
LOVE:
-Angry Dragon - Loved it so much the first time we visited Bubblefish that we ordered 2 for our takeout the next time 
- Bubblefish Roll; Monster Roll; Shrimp Tempura, Spider
- Spicy Maki Combo is PACKED with good rolls (comes with three different kinds!) 
- TOFU CHEESECAKE - so light and so delicious!!!  Definitely a healthier alternative but you couldn't even taste the difference... really impressed with this
Worth to try:
- Calamari (it's good but super deep fried....  not the kind of batter I typically prefer though... you also only get a few rings of calamari lol)
-  Volcano Chicken - My friends liked this - I could've done without it (pretty Meh to me)
Things to skip:
- Crabmeat Salad Onigiri - just not the best; there are way better choices there than this 
Also - a huge plus - this is not one of those places that jips you out of portion size or quality of the food if you choose to order out - you get everything you ask for (plus tons of sauces!) and they really do such a great job of packing it all up so it's fresh for you to eat once you get home!Service is nice restaurant is nice food is.... meh. The pearls first of all were incredibly soggy, almost deteriorating into doughy balls at the bottom of my drink which is sth I have never seen before lol. The sushi portions were pretty good but they honestly tasted so bland especially the spicy tuna. The sauces obviously overpowered the fish and the rolls tasted more like mayonnaise than actual tuna.Bad service, the waitress is talking shit about customers. The spoon is dirty, you can see the dirty stuffs last person ate on the spoon! The rice tastes like it's from last night, the yellowtail is not fresh, the crabmeat is the cheap kind, and the shrimp is the smallest shrimp I ever see from  a shrimp tempura roll, full of cucumber and the avocado is small as your pinky！never go again! Recommend Mt Fuji the best sushi place ever!!!!!!the people there are very nice and the food size is large and they also have hibachi!!!I ordered food to go along with milk BUBBLE tea, and I asked two ladies if it had bubbles in it, one said no, then the other one said she said YES. As I get back to work I sip the BUBBLE tea, there is no bubbles inside, she fucking lied. Lyin ass bitch. Lol.Bubblefish was an absolute delight, and I was very happy to have eaten here on my return visit to Philly's Chinatown.
For those who are unacquainted (like I was), Bubblefish (known especially for its bubble tea offerings and sushi -- get the name now?) is one of the many new establishments that have popped up in Chinatown. I think it's really great that Chinatown is seeing a lot more foot traffic and getting much more attention as its own neighborhood. Even better, according to my friend who recommended it, Bubblefish is locally owned!
Now onto our visit. Said friend and I came to Bubblefish for a Sunday lunch. Things weren't too busy, so we were able to get seated quickly. Service, overall, was prompt and attentive. Bubblefish's interior design is aesthetically pleasing, with dark woods and interesting light fixtures certainly keeping it within trend.
Food-wise, we started off with the Taiwanese salt-baked chicken as an appetizer. It was a generous portion for my friend and me to share, and it was crunchy, salty deliciousness. For our entrées, I opted for two rolls, the Chicken Tempura and Spicy Salmon. They were of good size for the price and though I am admittedly not the most discerning of sushi eaters, I thought they tasted fresh and flavorful. My friend ordered the Tonkatsu rice bowl, which she thought was a bit dry but I thought tasted just fine.
To wash down my meal, I had a big (it was huge!!) cup of warm milk tea. My friend ordered one of the speciality cold drinks. For me, I think an area of improvement would be with the drink options. Though I enjoyed my tea, it was definitely on the sweeter side, and, if I had the opportunity, I definitely would have ordered a smaller size. Right now, I believe that all drinks come in one portion size. But if I were to return, I definitely would want to try another drink on their very extensive menu.
Overall, it was a great meal and I was left plenty stuffed by the end. It's a great little spot for lunch or even if you just want to grab a drink with friends.The prices have gone up everytime I went there. It's shameless. They white out prices so often that they don't even bother with new menus. The sushi is only ok. The bowls are decent. The bubble tea selection is worth it.
Get the katsudon bowl and the jasmine/green tea with grass jelly.The service was very slow. They took 30+ min to an hour to make sushi. I recommend ordering for take out since they make it faster. You will take less than 5 min to finish the sushi but wait about an hour to wait for it to come out. Overall the food was amazing.My homegirl and i just needed a spot to get some good tea to wash down our dinner, and Bubblefish was perfect. We didn't spend much time there, but found the ambiance to be really charming.
We ordered the chocolate tea and the Just Mango, and found them to be just what we needed after a somewhat heavy dinner. The service was also very good, so that made for a delightful experience.
*One tip for the restaurant manager: Please provide hand towels in the ladies' restroom. Most people don't prefer to use an air dryer. Lack of hand towels actually makes the spot seem a bit less chic than the front-of-house suggests.Uni lovers come here! Indulge yourself with some sweet uni and other sushi options at a reasonable price. Their popcorn chicken is amazingly juicy and crispy as well (just hope it comes with some curry or chili powder to enhance the flavor). Both presentation and taste is on-spot! Also lots of drink and dessert options, love it!!I ordered the beef noodle soup, the salt baked chicken, and the very mango drink. They were just perfect for my cravings. Everything was delicious and the prices definitely did not dent my wallet. It was a perfect way to start my afternoon. The interior is really cool and sleek also. I highly recommend stopping by and trying out their food!Came for a cold beverage on a hot summer day. Ordered the very mango under their speciality menu. A very large drink and need to share for sure. Love it, just wish there was more mango pieces and not all mango concentrate.The best juicy sushi in town
I'm telling you!
Their signature menu is on point and very good yummy mix
The only my comment is
The waitress needs more smiles 
Their face look like she wants to kill people her smile is fake as hell
Or is it just their face? I don't know!
Smile more please 
Is not a horror theater place is it?
The place itself is beautiful 
Nice wood aquarium thingy
I love it
Remember server...SMILE!!!
Maybe you'll get more tip you knowJared & I decided to hit up Bubblefish for a late lunch on an easy Sunday afternoon. We both had the spot bookmarked for quite some time and were happy to finally give it a shot.  For those looking for the short review - its worth trying and a must if you like sushi.
Jared got one of the roll specials while I ordered the Chirashi.  We both had a drink - Jared a tea drink while I had a milk shake.  So the Chirashi wasn't quite what was pictured, but was damn close.  Every bit of fish was fresh and flavorful. While it alone did not fill me up, I didn't finish it needing to eat more.  The Guava Banana Milk Shake was huge!  The banana wasn't overpowering but there was only a small hint of guava.  Jared's Spicy Maki Combo was sizable, forcing him to take a few pieces with him.
Service was on point and the place was extremely clean.  I was also surprised how big it was inside - I'm not saying don't make reservations on busy times, but they do seat a lot.  Again, check them out, especially if sushi is your thing.The atmosphere of this place is awesome, it's very nice. I ordered some sushi rolls which were good, pleasing. I also order a taro milkshake with boba.... wow I must say it's got to be one of the best boba shakes I've had. To fulfill my sushi and boba craving this place would be it.Delicious sushi and really pleasant service. Also, very comfy chairs and great hours. I'll be back!Pros: 
new sushi place in town
also a drink shop
Upbeat environment 
Free wifi! 
Cons:
Super long waits even when the whole place is empty 
Sushi is okay
Inattentive serviceGood place! Delicious bubble tea and nice environment to sit and eat. Would highly recommend!My bf and I decided to tame our hunger here after the flower show. First impression, oh this is a nice contemporary decor place with I guess electro pop music annoyingly louder than white noise. Our first time here and we decided to try a few things. We ordered a lamb skewer and a beef skewer to share; the beef was a big overly salted and had big chunks of chewy fat, the lamb was a bit better but still unappetizing fat chunks. I ordered for my entree the tuna poke bowl and my bf ordered the sushi burger and we split a bubblefish roll. I really enjoyed the presentation of everything and the lemony tang of my poke. But that was it. The bubblefish roll was ok, a bit overly sweet w the sauces over it and the pickled ginger was a bit off; maybe it was from a jar or old I dunno it just didn't cut it. My bf sushi burger was ok we liked how there was crisp lettuce to contrast in all the soft textures. Service: we were greeted and seated promptly. But table service was a bit slow. This place was ok, probably won't be returning since there is so much more out there.Came here specifically because of the recent blurb in the Inquirer from Craig Laban about their Taiwanese Salt Baked Chicken.  I guess "advertising" does work!  Overall, I was happy with my pretty expensive take-out lunch.
The chicken was delicately crispy even after a walk back to work.  It was nice and light and had a pleasant aftertaste with the different spices used to make the batter.  For $5.95, you get a decent sized portion.
The Angry Dragon roll consisting of Shrimp Tempura, Spicy Tuna, Mango, Spicy Crab, and Yuzu Miso Sauce was very good.  The pieces were large and flavorful.  Very good sushi for about $12.
What I hated and did not finish was my Three Musketeers Bubble Tea.  The bubbles of Jam, Grass, and Fig were just fine, but the tea itself I felt like I was drinking crushed flowers with a shot of perfume.  This was just bad for me and a waste of about $6.
Bubblefish was great to try out and I'd recommend for a nice lunch.  I'll probably avoid the teas next time or try something less fancy.
Service was nice and friendly.  They directed me to a table to wait for my meal to go.
$25 for take-out lunch.  A little high, but the sushi and chicken were very good and worth it!A relatively new player in the China town eatery scene. This place is very chill and civilized compared to the competitions. I have never had a bad meal here once. Their bubble tea comes hot and cold. I recommend foam tea if you're looking for something different, it adds a layer of saltiness to your drink, like eating caramel sea salt ice cream, very interesting. As far as food goes, you should try all their dishes. While most of the food here is available elsewhere, Bubble fish serve them with a style. I can't pin point wether it's their presentation or just an added ingredient but their food feels young and hip. The sushi are also recommended. I don't usually do sushi at a tea and dessert place but this place won me over. The servers are sweet and friendly, making you feel very comfortable here. Come with a friend or family, you will enjoy your time regardless. If there is any complaints, it would be sometimes the food takes a bit to come out, even on a slow day. Don't let this deter you from checking the restaurant out though, you will regret it!This is the only sushi place in Chinatown that I know of, and their food is pretty amazing. 
As other people have already mentioned, the layout and decorations is beautifully done. And their menu is super cute. 
The drinks come without ice so they won't be diluted. Some may think the drinks are a bit more expensive compare to other tea places but the big portion makes up for that. So I think they are totally worth it.
The food was on point. I liked everything I ordered. The tofu cream cheese was very delicious as it wasn't too sweet. Volcano chicken was very good as well. But my ultimate favorite is the chirashi. 
Definitely recommend this place.This is my boyfriend and I's go to place for sushi. We always come for the 2 for $8 lunch special. The sushi is always fresh and tasty here. The interior is super simple and the space is very clean. Every time we come here, we receive exceptional service. The waitress always makes sure we're okay and if we need anything else. I definitely would recommend this place to anyone.Spontaneous and quirky. 
I wouldn't come here expecting quality sushi or drinks, I was fairly disappointed honestly. But I'm giving 3.5 stars because Bubblefish stands out in Chinatown and is creative with their revolving changes in their weekend menu selection -- Sushi burger?! Strange, yet... appealing. Is it good? Will let you know once I try it. 
Worth trying: 
- Tuna or Salmon Poke $13
(cubed salmon or tuna of choice, mixed with their special sauce, rice, avocado, fried onions, and other deliciousness) 
- M-F special, 11-3PM, two rolls for $7.95 
Disappointments:
- Powder flavoring for the drinks
- Very slow service, much less than the typical Chinese speed in Chinatown 
Note: $15 minimum for credit cardHaven't been to too many places, but this is one of the best I have ever had. TGI sushi was one of the most delicious I ever had.I have eaten twice at Bubblefish.  The food is excellent and well prepared.  On my first visit, I had the salmon sushi and tokatsu bowl.  Today I had the shrimp bento box and Peking pork belly roll (daily specials).  The ingredients were fresh and very well prepared. 
Service was outstanding - attentive and polite.  They were respectful of food allergy requests.  
I enjoyed my meal greatly and I'm looking forward to returning.My friend and I came to Bubblefish on a Saturday around 5:15pm for an early dinner, and we were seated right away.
I ordered the Lavender Oolong Milk Tea, and my friend got the Rose Milk Tea with Strawberry Jelly. Both teas were huge and absolutely delicious!
To eat, I got the Green Peace Roll (sweet potato tempura, asparagus, cucumber, mango, topped with sliced avocado and mango puree) which was amazing. My friend got the Chicken Teriyaki Bubblefish Box. The box came with a California Roll, shrimp tempura, vegetable tempura, sautéed vegetables, and rice. The box is such a great deal - you get an incredible amount of food for only $12.95.
I definitely plan to come back and try some of the other teas from the massive tea menu.Sushi rolls are pretty big, so you might want to order one less than you normally do to start. A lot of options for sushi and bubble tea. I'd pass on the taco appetizers, they were really sweet and a lot of lettuce. The place was pretty busy throughout the night and a lot of take out orders being placed. 
The music could be dialed down a bit, it was like eating sushi in a night club.Me and my wife went here the other day about 4pm to try out after seen the reviews vibes ok but order took forever even though only 2 tables and waitstaff seemed indifferent towards us after ordering.  I saw one of them was playing around a kid in the rear dining room while she should be bringing the dish to us. It's like family restaurant where that kid was running around btw tables and thru kitchen. I also saw another employee was sleeping in one of room when I went to men's room. This is not professional at all. I would not come back. Food was mediocre but pricy. Very bad experience.This is a nice spot to come with friends for a relaxed meal. Prices are higher than the older spots around Chinatown but comparable to the more recent new openings. Food was not bad but I can only speak for the noodle dishes. The service was wonderful and the space was large and modern. Our server, NiNi, was really great and super attentive.I made a reservation for Friday night at 7:30 pm. My party had ordered 5 different signature rolls, red curry shrimp, and 3 takoyakis. It literally took 40 minutes to get ANY of our food. No appetizers or anything. Then when we finally did get our takoyaki, we only got 2 out of the 3 takoyakis we ordered. The waitress got us another takoyaki, and a different waitress gave us our platter of signature rolls which was missing one of the rolls. We decided to cancel that roll. The sushi was terrible, it would fall apart easily, fish wasn't fresh, and the rice was old. My friend said the red curry shrimp was okay, I would usually add another star for that, but the customer service just knocked it down one. When we told the waitress that the sushi we had wasn't good and if it could be remade she said she would talk to the manager. She came back and told us the manager was sorry and that she would give us a dessert on the house. Uhhhh no? We are paying this much for sushi and you try to compensate us with a dessert? We decided not to get the dessert and just get the check since we were done with that place. They ended up bringing a grass jelly dessert for us anyway which tasted diluted. I have made grass jelly dessert at home. It's not hard, but they even botched that up. The manager never came to the table to apologize, and all she gave us was a watery dessert. I used to love this place but I am NEVER coming back again. Worst experience I ever had at a restaurant, and I'm pretty darn patient......Love their bubble honey milk green tea. Wish the owner would have taken credit card without a minimum tho. Now I have to go to mrwish or chattime when i dont carry cash.We couldn't decide between the Angry Dragon roll and the Bubblefish roll so we got both - and they were both SO good: one sweet, one savory. Bubble tea was also good (tons of choices!) just need to remember to ask for bubbles next time. Would definitely go again.We just came for bubble tea so I can't comment on the food although it smelled very good. The bubble tea was pretty good, the bubbles were chewy and sweet. But it took 20 minutes for them to make 3 bubble teas even though there wasn't anyone in front of us.This was a great late night bite to eat. Bubble tea was refreshing and the sushi was very delicious but the star of our meal was the sushi burger. It was like high with tuna and very satisfying just a little difficult with the rice as the bun but that was to be expected. Super happy we found this joint and some great food!It took a while for the food to arrive at the table, but the Tuna Princess was well worth the wait. Presentation is accurate to what's on the website, too! Sweet, savory, a tiny bit spicy - I didn't need to use any soy sauce or wasabi with the dish since it was so flavorful as it was.
I'd avoid the herbal tea, though. I got the peony and rose herbal tea and it basically tasted like dried grass - not a hint of rose to be found.Super trendy super good sushi place down in Chinatown. The rolls were fantastic. It's also A BYO!  The staff was very accommodating and patient with us!  The fish was very fresh, and I just came back from Japan so that's saying something. Really looking forward to coming back here.Stopped by for tea after dinner! They served it in a tea pot above a tea light and even offered free refills. Cozy little place with plenty of dining options too.I came here for the second time, and unfortunately I was not pleased. I ordered a spider roll because that's my favorite. But today I received a spider roll that was 75 percent cucumber, and the avocado inside was NOT fully ripe. I bit into a piece and tasted hard avocado and cucumber, and a tiny piece of crab. Not coming back.Heard they have sushi burgers, and the idea of that sounded very appealing to me! Came in and got exactly that. Service was good and quick, waitress was very helpful in regards to answering questions about portion size. The actual sushi burger was everything I had hoped it would be and more. If you are a sushi lover, I recommend to try it. It isn't covered with sauces so you can actually taste the flavors. The only reason I gave 4 stars is because this is the only item I tried, and I don't know what anything else tastes like, but once I come back here, I will definitely update as I'm sure the 5t star will be easily earned.Cheap and decent sushi.  Good lunch spot, lots of options On the casual side.  Service is a little slow.I enjoyed this place, the food was good( I ordered a Poke bowl and seasalt froth bubble tea),  the atmosphere nice(wide spacious with a sushi bar) and just a nice relaxing place to be at. There aren't pushy waiters that ruin the mood and everything just worked. Sushi and bubble tea, yes it works!i gave this place a 3 star because of the service. We didn't feel welcome and some of them was rude. But overall, this place is very pretty. The food is amazing!! The sushi, the bubble tea... omg it's wonderful.  It a great place to hang out after school and chill. But they still need to work with the employees tho.Short review: Wonderful place to dine at. You can go in and take to go or eat in. I went with a group that started with five, but ended with twelve. As a result, we kept having food added to our order, but Bubblefish was very accommodating. Their food and drinks are heavenly tasting, especially their tea drinks. It has the taste of real fine fresh tea that no other place in Chinatown has as far as I'm concerned. Pretty nice interior, though it's not a lounge like place like KFT, it's more restaurant like. A bit pricey, especially if you're going with a large group, but the food is worth the price.
Decor:
High ceilings, dim lighting mainly, but there is light from the window during the day. There is a room for rather large parties (or reservations perhaps?) in the back that is lighted up brightly. Although the seating area lighting is dim, it gives off a nice atmosphere. The decorations are unique and nice. The tables aren't too stuffed together or cramped up.
Service:
Wonderful service, especially considering he fact that my group would have people come in either solo or in a small group that ended in twelve people dining. The waitresses didn't have any problems when we continued to add food to our order at random times, and they were very courteous and polite. The owner, Xu, would chat with the customers too. The only minor issue would be that our food and drinks didn't come all at once, but I'd consider that understandable seeing as we ordered over ten drinks alone and god knows how much food. Even so, we got our food in a reasonable amount of time. Props to Bubblefish for that.
Food: 
The food oh my god. Tasted wonderful to me. The sushi was reallllly good. Onigiris seemed pretty packed, takoyakis definitely felt bigger than the ones at KFT or TeaDo. The unagi don looked wonderful and tasted wonderful. The drinks are beautiful. If you dine it they serve them in such a fancy way. I recommend the Taiwanese Salt Baked Chicken, very tasty and yummy and their tea drinks. 
Drinks: 
Their tea drinks are without a doubt 500%. Places like KFT or TeaDo or Mr Wish in Chinatown never have tea tasting like this. The taste of tea can clearly be tasted, no matter what the flavor your drink is; my friend said its the taste of fresh tea. If you're looking for good tea drinks, definitely try Bubblefish's. You won't find any other place in Chinatown that'll serve tea drinks like them. I tried the taro milk tea, and it was wonderful. And they serve all their drinks in such fancy glassware. Water in little mason jars, milkshakes in root beer mugs, and milk tea in those glass milk bottle like glasses. Some of the teas are actually served in clear glass teapots and cups, which I didn't try. 
Pricing:
It is pretty pricy, considering the other stores that are in the Chinatown area. But it is pretty reasonable in my opinion. Pricey but worth it is what I'd say. After all, quality is better than quantity no? The drinks my group ordered were all around $5, especially since dine in drinks are all served large size. The onigiri was about $3 if I remember correctly. You can get some of the sushis 2 for $7 or $8, and they have sushi platters for around $13. Dons (rice with eel or pork cutlet or seafood?) are about $12. 
Overall, if you're in the Center City Philadephia area, make a stop in Chinatown for Bubblefish. If not for the food then for their drinks. Bubblefish can definitely expect me to frequent their place a bit often, especially for their wonderful teas.This place is your go to place for sushi if you are around Chinatown. When I walked in, it was a good looking place, It felt comfortable, had a healthy environment, and overall just a nice restaurant. The chairs were comfortable, at first I thought it was gonna be leather plastic chairs but it was quite nice. The waters was in a jar which I found had a good look to the restaurant. The customer service was great here, they took good care of us, made sure we left out satisfied. Then the food arrived. For our apps we had beef on a stick and six seasoned chickens which was amazing. I thought the beef look tough but it was quite tender and not chewy. The chicken was fresh, tender, and juicy. It came with ranch dressing? And sweet and sour sauce which went great with the chicken. For our finale, we had sushi. The sushi was great compared to other philadelphia sushi restaurants. It was fresh, had big pieces, the rice had a nice texture to it, not to hard not to soft. We had the out of control roll, angry dragon roll, Marilyn roll, and spicy crab roll. The rolls was great but found that the spicy crab roll was a little too salty to my taste but it was okay. I love this restaurant. I would come back any day to try their other selections of food that they offer. Overall rating I give it a 4/5.I went to this restaurant for the first time,  but I didn't succeed in my choices, i think that because they don't have picture accompanying the name of the dish to know what I am going to choose, I also didn't visit this website to recognize more about the restaurant's menu before going because through this website i knew that they have more options better than i tried. And also the staff are not very friendly.My first time here - we sat in the back area for a birthday party.  It's BYOB (no corking fee) and we were able to bring a birthday cake for no extra charge!  Off to a great start.  
We ordered a side of wings and edamame.  Wings were okay - they were super crispy, but I didn't like the sauces that came with it - ranch and a sweet chili sauce.  Edamame is standard - no complaints.
My wife ordered the bento box and she devoured it - tempura fried veggies (great breadding), salmon with teriyaki sauce, rice, and a few maki rolls.  Definitely best bang for your buck here. 
I ordered the shrimp tempura maki and the Marilyn Monroll - had to order for the clever name.  both rolls were delicious.  This is a nice new place in Chinatown that I hope stays open for awhile!I've been here a few times for lunch since its close to where i live. First time i came here, i had the chirashi, which was the best i've had, but subsequent visits and orders left much to be desired as the dish seemed to lack the flair on my first visit. It was enjoyable, but safe. However, this past visit over the weekend re-invigorated my desire to go back as the chirashi was delish! I also get the spicy garlic edamame as well. I've been here for dinner a handful of times also and it went well with my guests. My only complaint is that it can be a bit slow to get to get your food on a mellow day.Had a wonderful, relaxing, and tasty lunch date with my fiancée this afternoon. We pass this place frequently and finally decided to check it out. We were shocked at how beautifully minimalist, spacious, and yet extremely cozy it is inside! Not to mention, the portions are worth the money in my opinion. My fiancée and I were so excited at the lengthy tea menu they provided, we actually had two different teas each.
We started off with two bubble milk teas, iced and hot. They were served in two large mugs (the size is always large if dining in) and we learned/admired their healthier alternative to normal sugar - black cane sugar - and lactaid milk to suit everyone's needs. The best part? You wouldn't know the difference in taste if you didn't know.
As for our entrees, we ordered Unagi Don (eel rice bowl) and TGI Fresh Roll (sushi containing salmon, spicy kani, yellowtail, spicy tuna, and avocado). I kept eating my fiancée's Unagi Don that I almost ordered one to go (first time trying eel and loved it -- definitely recommend)! My sushi was pretty delicious as well. We continued with waffles with green tea ice cream and fruit as our dessert. Not bad, but probably won't order it again. Finished up with two more warm teas (oolong bubble milk tea and ginger bubble milk tea) to go and stayed a while to let the cool vibe and chill music sink in.
We will be returning to try more of their delicious tea and fish options!!
Edit: We stopped by a few more times after our first visit and tried the Live Uni and Saury Fish - to die for! However, they probably take longer to make than to eat. Still very delicious, however, we might not get the Uni anymore due to its extreme price tag. They definitely make a profit off of that.Bubblefish is lovely--this is definitely a cafe that plays attention to detail. The teas are stunning and delicious. The juices are made fresh to order. All of the food, including desserts are made in house. The food is plated beautifully and the prices are great. And the decor is so welcoming. Definitely can't wait to go back.Well alright now, a sushi spot with top quality fish that doesn't price gouge.  
The Spicy Garlic Edamame was like no other I've had, pretty cool twist on a typical app. Somehow they have Rainbow Rolls for $8.95 that are on point.  Finished it off with a Very Mango drink.
Next time I'm back I'm coming for that Angry Dragon Roll and Taiwanese Salt Baked Chicken.  Dude next to me had the chicken and wouldn't shut up about it. HaHa.Decent place for weekday lunch. I went to this place twice, and both times were not too crowded. 
Clean and simple inside, and the service was attentive. 
On my first visit, i had Beef noodle soup which was okay. I would prefer other hand drawn noodle soup over this place, but onigiri makes up for the soup.  
The next time, I had a sushi lunch as shown in the picture. I cannot say it's the best sushi in the area, but it worths more than the price.  I appreciated that the chef tried to different skills (use of torch, for example), unlike similarly priced other sushi place.  
My last note is that this place has a nice selection of teas. If you are in the right mood, try to order a tea pot. You can share it with your company.
PS. Wasabi for the sushi lunch was interesting.  It has more texture and moist than usual powder based wasabi. My guess is that they grind horseradish and mix it with wasabi powder.The pork belly I ate was fabulous and melts in your mouth. Hundreds of exotic tea options!!the sushi presentation is elegant!! The princess tuna role is an amazing blend of Asian flavors!!! Located on the heart of Chinatown - new and hot!!!the lunch special is great two for $7.95!!I came with a craving for sushi and that craving was satisfied. The fish was very good, the salmon practically melted in my mouth. The presentations was also very nice and you could tell the ingredients were very fresh. The tuna was okay, nothing too exciting except for the white tuna, which was better than the rest.
My only qualm with this place was the service. Our meal took over 20 min to arrive on a Tuesday night with maybe 2 other tables as well. It seems as though everyone's food came out at the same time, regardless of time ordered. What was taking so long? Like other people have said, don't come if you're short on time. The food is good, but the wait, I'm not sure it's worth it or not. 
The staff is also quite young. They did not do the best job at paying attention to customers even when we tried summoning them. They did not say anything when we left! Overall I'm not sure if I would come back. The food was good, but the service was questionable.We decided to try this place on a whim, based on other Yelp reviews. I was pretty happy with what we found.
We started out with an order of edamame and Taiwanese salt baked chicken. The edamame come out hot, and are well salted. Pretty standard. The salt baked chicken was  excellent. Large portion, so even if you're hungry, you can share.  
I had a spicy pork ramen for my main, and it was one of the best bowls of ramen I've had in a long time. Good bit of spice, but not so hot that it's overwhelming. Great flavor to the broth. The pork was delicious and tender, and the noodles were plentiful and good.
My wife ordered the teriyaki box, and was unimpressed. The chicken was very dry, and the teriyaki sauce tasted like it was from a jar.
Everything else in the box was good though. 
All in all, I thought Bubblefish was a home run. My wife would probably try something different, and stay away from the teriyaki box. 
I'd definitely go back again.I came with two other people for a light dinner on a Saturday night. When we arrived (around 5:30) there weren't many people, so we were seated and given menus. 
The atmosphere is really chill. The tables weren't too crowded together and the waitresses didn't hover around and stare. 
We ordered a California roll, a Tuna Princess roll, and their signature Bubblefish roll. Only 3 rolls, yet it took so long to prepare! We had to wait about 15-20 minutes. Maybe they should hire more waitresses or sushi chefs.
All three rolls were delicious! My favorite was their Tuna Princess roll! Looks appealing and tastes great! If you like tuna, get this roll! 
4/5 because the service took longer than usual (I went there in the past)Great little spot in Chinatown for late night eats place is open till 1am! Getting to Chinatown and finding parking is always a struggle but i got lucky this evening and found a spot about 1 minute away! The first thing about the place was it was packed! The inside and decor was quite nice and very tranquil. The service was great and real fast and friendly. My wife and I got a few appetizers and some cooked maki rolls. We ordered smoked salmon onigari, taco yaki, baked Taiwanese chicken, and tea. Everything was pretty good and service was fast! I would definitely come here again and the price to portion size ratio was great! I give this place another try for the food, atmosphere, and service was all pretty good.Salmon Poké or Tuna. Flip a coin and it's a win,win either way. This is my new favorite spot filled with exotic teas and gluten free dessert. I love the location because I never find an issue with parking. My drink of choice is the green tea with froth topped with Oreo. YummmmI love the design of this place, gave off a very vintage feeling, yet very relaxing. I tried a drink called golden triangle, which was made out of fresh fruit. It was very tasty. My friend had coconut pineapple green tea. He liked it very much.
The food was very good, probably one of the best sushi I ever tried. I love their veil ribs, you can taste the sweetness of the meat. Their rolls were also really decent, I love their tuna princess roll! Definitely recommend it.
They also have a study/ meeting room that you can definitely use to study!!!! Sadly, I'm not in Philadelphia everyday, but will definitely come back for more when I'm in town.Really nice and clean restaurant. Love the vibe and the variety of the menu. I tried the herbal tea and calamari and also chocolate milk tea and not only the presentation are amazing they also tasted amazing. The servers were all nice and very welcomingWIth the amount of times I come to Bubblefish with my friend Ricky since it opened, I'm surprised I have yet to write a review for the place. Words cannot begin to describe the food, drinks, and service that comes from a Bubblefish experience. There are times where friends and I would just hang out in Bubblefish for hours enjoying their teas, snacking on their apps or desserts, and working on our laptops for school/work in the back room. There's never a feeling of being rushed by the wait staff. My go-to items are (1) Guava Oolong Tea or Guava Banana Milk Shake, (2) Tuna Princess Roll or T.G.I.Fresh Roll, and (3) the Salmon or Tuna Poke. 
Pros:
-- For the price you are paying, you are getting some really fresh and delicious raw seafood that is not offered anywhere else for that price
-- You do not feel rushed at all if you just want to sit and relax
-- There is a "secret menu" of sorts -- there are dishes the kitchen/chef can whip up that isn't on the regular or specials menu. I recommend asking what seafood they have that isn't on the regular menu if you want to venture.
-- Their Signature Rolls are the bomb... and so is the Poke... and so are the Sashimi Platters (do yourself a favor and try one if you can stomach raw seafood)
-- They have Uni (Sea Urchin)
-- Edison (the Head Chef) is the reason why I keep coming back -- every dish he makes is made with TLC (Tender Loving Care)
Cons:
-- The wait is definitely a bit long, but I believe it is well worth it when you're seeking fresh seafood, raw or cooked
Overall, Bubblefish has become my go-to spot for when I am craving seafood/sushi. Since it opened, I don't think I have gone anywhere else and I really don't feel the desire to for that matter. 
P.S. If anyone wants a more detailed description of the dishes, check out Ricky C.'s review!We just finished our meal, and it was such a good experience that I want to come back already! We went for my daughter's 13th birthday with three of her friends. We started out with tea drinks of all types: bubble milk tea, hot milk tea and smoothies. They were enormous! And delicious. And inexpensive.
We then ordered sushi (delicious, inexpensive) two bento-stlye boxes (huge and inexpensive) and the sushi "burger" (sushi  rice bun, nori, spicy tuna, avocado, fried onions, and more). We couldn't get over how good everything was for such a reasonable price. 
My husband mentioned to the server that we were there for my daughter's birthday, and after the meal, they brought out a tray of fried bananas with whipped cream and a candle. It was unexpected and so sweet! 
The service was very friendly, attentive and timely. I can't say enough good things about Bubblefish!Amazing food!! Great takoyaki and sushi with great service. The teas are soooo soo beautiful to look at as well as delicious. Amazing value for the priceMy hubby and I wanted a fun evening out of the house. We had Bubblefish once from UberEats and decided we wanted to try the place in-person.
Positives:
Service. Our server had a lovely personality and recommended dishes for us. 
Food: Very unique twist on a traditional sushi roll. 
Negatives:
Slow. We ordered three rolls and it took 30 minutes to get them. The restaurant wasn't that crowded so am assuming they are doing an amazing take-out business
Cold. We were seated closer to the door. As people came and went, the temperature became much colder.
Tea. I am a temperature snob on my hot beverages. The way they served the tea, it was over a candle so it remained consistently scalding. There was no way to drink the tea unless you let it sit for 3-4 minutes. Some may love this, but it is not my cup of tea:-)
With all the other restaurants in Chinatown, we will be visiting others!I got the bubblefish milk green tea. It was very milky and tasted almost perfume-y but nevertheless deliciousBubblefish, the name is cute. I tried this place many time, but it always suprise me. Hawaii passion is my favorite. This is a no sugar all natural healthy drink. It looks green and u will think it might not taste great, but this is No.1 in my list which is healthy and taste amazing. Also, tuna pricess is great. One more recommand, sushi burger and Milk Foam Jasmine Green. The one with oreo and bubble is my fav. I will bring more friends here next time for sure!Had a great lunch with the Little Princess signature roll and edamame. Both were great, my waitress was really nice, and the had an awesome selection of teas, juices, and smoothies!Bubble tea is really good, got many different choices and u have to try the sea salt froth if u like cold teaMy husband and I came to Bubblefish from South Jersey as part of a "Sushi Smackdown" event in which one of their chefs, Edison, competed. Because this was a competition format with chefs from other restaurants, we didn't get the full experience of dining from their regular menu, but Edison won all four rounds. 
He made several items off of their regular menu, and they provided some additional appetizers, and all of them were very good. He made a torched marinated tuna belly that was incredible. 
We looked at the regular menu and the variety of choices looked nice and very fairly priced in comparison to what we see near out home. 
We were part of a group of nearly 50 people taking over the restaurant, and the owners and the staff did a wonderful job of making us feel welcome. We will definitely return if we have the chance!This place has a lunch special(it has pick two sushi rolls for 7.95(or 8 i think) from 11-3) the restaurant is really clean, plays good music for he environment and the food is delicious!!! Recommend the salmon combo box or the seafood poke. For drinks, avocado smoothie or the kale, spinach and pineapple smoothie.Very reasonable prices for excellent sushi!
Tasty appetizers that you just can't beat- a must have!Cute spot nice get a spot in the back, the tea is good the mango shaved ice was decent.  Nothing really to complain about.  They actually have a crazy fish in the tank.It's my 3rd time going there, at first it was recommended by a friend.
Bubble tea manu's big comparing to other restaurants that offer"bubble tea"
everytime I go I get the shush and bubble tea, awesome combination!
One thing to complain is the glass for the hot tea isn't always clean(just some white spot),doesn't bother me but some people find it gross.Go for tea. Ginger black sugar hit the spot. 
Tried the pork buns--small buns, not fresh, dried out pork.  Takoyaki balls apparently are fried in Philly.  Sorry to say but for this type of food, try the ramen places nearby.I'm sure it may be better if i was sitting down & waited 25 minutes for my appetizers, but I ordered take out onigiri & it took over 25 minutes to get my order of 2 onigiris.  It's take out and it's just molding ready made sushi rice into an onigiri!  If they can't handle this, how the heck do they handle making bubble drink orders for the masses -  order your drink & wait 20 minutes??
This place may be pretty but forget about service. I'm certainly never coming back here. 
The onigiris were nice in that they are different & warm but not with the experience.Food is O.K. Marilyn Monroe roll is the best roll! However the service is not good. Waited 20 minutes to get out to the restaurant waiting for whoever to check us out. Just didn't check on us enough, I had to even go up to the front desk to ask.Great sushi. Love them. Ive only ever ordered out but I love everything I've received. I wish they had more specialty rolls, but all in all the food is awesome from delivery prospective.This place is AMAZING. The sushi is fresh and inventive and the servings are plentiful. But the appetizers steal the show. I can't even get into it without going on and on forever. (I have a bus to catch. Lol.) The menu is deceiving; this place is NOT just run of the mill. Go! I promise you won't be disappointed.I came here with some friends at night for some snacks. We got seated by the window which was nice. I really like the atmosphere as it looked elegant and clean. As soon as we started chatting, my friends had mentioned their previous bad experience at this place. I decided to not let their experience influence my opinion. My friends ordered mango shaved ice, some jelly glass dessert and ginger tea. I went for takoyaki and the smoked salmon onigiri. The desserts and tea came out pretty quick but my food took forever. 
The takoyaki came out first - I was really looking forward to it! It came in two small skewers of three pieces each. I was a bit disappointed as it tasted pretty doughy. There wasn't much octopus there. Don't get e wrong, it was good but way too much dough and not enough meat. Ten or fifteen minutes later, the onigiri came out. I liked the sauce that it came with but it was not smoked salmon. It was more like steamed salmon. The jelly dessert was pretty good but I didn't really like the mango shaved ice.  
When the bill came, the waitress told me that had a minimum of $15 for credit card. They should have a sign saying so if that was the case. However, they do have an ATM inside the store but you'll end up paying ATM fees.Fresh and exciting food, great atmosphere and music, service was top notch! They have a very eclectic menu that goes together in interesting ways and is totally satisfying.  I highly recommend it.Food is ok. The problem here is sushi takes forever to bring out when it is only 3 tables at appx 3pm.There is no management or the manager probably doesn't know what to do here. We added more dish as we are eating, that dish is apparently ready / sitting at sushi bar but employees are all kids and let the sushi roll just sitting there to the point that I as customer have to remind them to bring the roll to me. What a joke! Please have a better management . It seems to chatting with each other and playing cell phone is priority to the employees there rather than having a mindset of customer service or basic work ethic .Just ordered delivery through foodler. 
Food arrived 20 minutes late, tempura rolls were cold (not room-temp, but actually cold), there was no wasabi, and they put all 5 rolls in the same container, instead of splitting it into two like I specifically noted in my order. The person I ordered with is allergic to shrimp and couldn't eat because they put it all together. 
$30 each wasted for lunch.Place was cool! Sushi burger has potential. Major problem: everything is torched. Why you ask? I don't know to be completely honest but yeah!I went here the other day with my boyfriend. We ordered some simple rolls and wow, we were both very surprised. The fish quality was exceptionally fresh. I recommend the salmon! 
Sometimes I enjoy my sushi with a nice, fizzy drink and unfortunately, they don't serve soda drinks here. But I see the concept they are going for, so it's understandable... Although, I found their bubble tea prices slightly price-y especially considering their competitons' prices. 
PS - Get their fried chicken. FRIED GOODNESS. Some of the best fried chicken I've tried in Chinatown. Even better than the popular David's wings. Seriously.One of my friends recommended this place when we were visiting Philly so we decided to all go in and see what it was all about. The first thing I remember when walking into the place was ooh look a panda!. Really modern and creative ambiance was given off by the lighting, tables, chairs, and the tableware. They had a lot of drinks on their menu, which is awesome if you're feeling a milk tea or a oolong black tea. Many different options so you can quench your thirst. We ordered three rolls, the shrimp tempura, salmon godzilla, and the angry dragon. The angry godzilla combined all your favorite ingredients into one big, lovely roll. Shrimp tempura, spicy tuna, mango, topped with spicy crab and yuzu miso sauce. I really loved the sauce. The sauce was fruity and earthy and savory and brought in all the ingredients together. OF course the shrimp tempura was bomb too, it had that nice crunch from the cucumber. The salmon godzilla had spicy salmon, avocado, sasago, and crunch. They have crunch listed on the ingredients and I don't know what that is but I'm dying to find out, something about salmon and crunch gives your mouth more textures which is always a fun time. I'm looking forward to coming back here to try their other options on the menu when I do come back to Philly.So this is a new spot in Chinatown and there's not any good sushi place in chinatown. 
Their menu has a lot of selections from suchi, sashimi down to bubble drinks! 
The service is very well, the decor is super cute and the sushi is well made. However, I think they need to wrap it better, because some of the rolls fell off. 
Taste wise- is it pretty good and I would definitely come back again. The price is very affordable.I love this place. I had my husband pick up onigiri from here before and we had it just yesterday during our anniversary day trip. The ginger milk tea was absolutely delicious and I love the onigiri they make here. It's definitely a keeper place we'll be coming back to in the future. Great sushi and options. Oh, and definitely try the salmon onigiri. It's amazing.By far amazing! I went in with high hopes and they definitely delivered. We got the sushi burger which was messy but so worth it as well as this mango milkshake type drink. It had the tapioca pearls which I usually hate but theses were very different and tasted really good. We only got two sushi rolls but I wish we got more. Their Marilyn Monroe roll is crazy good and I highly recommend it. Also their tuna princess toll took on a very unique shape which I really liked. Also we got their beef soup and for only $9 it was totally worth it. also their onigiri was tasty too, although a little heavy on the rice side but no real complaints here. We shall definitely be back!Really good shrimp Temporel . It's was cooked perfect . the bubble tea it is excellent and well done atmosphere is very nice quick with the serviceThe angry dragon sushi roll was AMAZING!! I tasted my boyfriends spicy noodle and that was delicious too. I can't wait to go back and try the bubble tea. I just didn't have anymore more  room in my tummy. Oh and the lamb skewer was a great treat before the sushi came too. The vibe and service was wonderful considering it was a Monday. I bet the weekends are even more fun. This may be my new sushi spot in philly!Sushi is really delicious here! Ingredients are very fresh. I came here for different rolls every time just to explore the menuBubble fish has a very cute ambiance. The staff is very attentive and friendly.
We had the peony and rose tea, uni sashimi, sashimi heaven, bubble fish roll, tuna princess roll and the salt baked chicken.
The peony and rose tea's flavor was very light but over the course of the meal I grew to like it. The staff kept refilling it which was very nice! 
The uni sashimi was a little disappointing, besides the fact that it was very small in portion, the pairing was also a little strange because it was served over a piece of cucumber and small piece of mint. Uni, naturally doesn't have a lot of flavor, so the mint overpowered it all and pairing it with cucumber just didn't taste right to me. 
The sashimi heaven was very good though, they served salmon belly as one of the raw fishes! I've never had it before and this definitely left an impression, I will definitely come back for more, all the other types of fish were pretty fresh. 
The bubble fish roll and tuna princess roll were also very good, both with very flavorful. For any one they like specialty/ chef rolls these are a must try. 
My boyfriend loved the salt baked chicken, he said that it reminded him of popcorn chicken, there's a specific spice in the chicken that I personally wasn't a fan of but my boyfriend really enjoyed it. But I have to say the texture of the chicken is very interesting, even though its called baked chicken, it is crispy like fried chicken but does have the oiliness of fried chicken.
Overall even though the uni was an disappointment, the restaurant still serves quality sushi& sashimi, definitely with a try!
They take card but also have an ATM machine right by the doorI was pleasantly surprised by this place! We were walking around looking for a place to get a few bites & bubble tea, and we ended up walking into bubble fish. The menu was great, and we ended up ordering more than we had planned! The takoyaki was perfectly crisp on the outside and moist on the inside, and the tuna tacos were amazing! They have a very large drink selection, and I was super happy to find that they have coffee jelly (they call it coffee agar here)! Since having coffee jelly back in my college town, I've been trying to find it in Philly. After many disappointments, I've finally found the coffee jelly I've been looking for! :)do not get the spicy salmon roll... a huge disappointment.  my stomach felt so off for 48 hours from the mouthful of panko flakes.. just don't do it..Bubblefish has a great location, space, and staff, but the food is a bit lacking. I came on Monday with my boyfriend, and after a few questions we ordered a taro bubble tea with half sugar, Taiwanese salt baked chicken, two hand rolls, and the chirashizushi. 
The bubble tea was good but nothing special (it's about the same as the other bubble tea spots in Chinatown). 
The salt baked chicken had a great hint of spice, and was really crispy on the outside and moist on the inside, it was definitely a bit too salty though, and could have used more green (was that Cilantro?) 
The hand rolls weren't great unfortunately. The seaweed was a bit too chewy and the sushi rice was lukewarm (for the tuna which was wrapped on the outside). The eel avocado roll was good, but eel is also pretty simple since it's generally pre-packaged and you just microwave it. 
The chirashizushi was also a bit disappointing. There was one piece of sashimi that I didn't recognize that was really great (the square white fish on the bottom left), but the rest could have been better (fresher).
HOWEVER I know that my standards for sushi are maybe unfairly high, so keep that in mind too. I honestly wouldn't mind going back at all, I think it's all pretty good, and the wait staff is excellent, I just won't be putting it as my number one spot for sushi in the city.
ALSO they're in their soft opening so didn't have shaved ice BUT they apparently will soon and then I'll probably want to go all the time.Located in Chinatown, Philadelphia, Bubblefish offer a unique, fusion menu that combines our favorite bubble tea drinks with sushi at the same time! Fairly priced, Bubblefish also offers other options, such as smoothies, tea, appetizers, and Japanese entrees (bento boxes, udon, etc.). They have a decently sized menu for all items (pretty big for just drinks alone), but I would recommend getting bubble tea when you're there (the size is pretty big and most to all cost below $6). 
I have gotten the Salmon Poke and the Salmon Teriyaki Bento Box, during my times I am at Bubblefish and they have been fairly good. The poke was awesome: tossed salmon salad over rice and bento box was 'mad' filling. Service overall wasn't bad; our waiter was attentive in delivering our food smoothly and made sure that we enjoyed the food. 
The only complaint I have is the lighting (the dim lights made my food pics look really bad).
So make sure you do flash or something to let those pics shine! :)Got a taste for sushi and onigiri, so I found Bubblefish on Ubereats. I've heard of Bubble fish from colleagues and family members but never had a chance to try them out. When I saw Bubblefish on Ubereats, I have to gave it a try. Despite the distance between Chinatown and Fishtown, I've receive my order within an hour.
I ordered out of control roll, Bubblefish roll, 2 phoenix shrimp onigiri, 3 crab salad onigiri, 2 eel avocado onigiri, and very mango drink. Very Mango was the first I try, and it was deeelicious. Not too sweet and it don't have that tartness some mango drinks have. Kinda regret not ordering a second cup because I sure will definitely enjoy that:) Then I try the out of control and bubblefish roll. They were huge, like when I try to pick it up with the chopsticks, partial will break. I was totally full after eating 2 rolls and very mango. I decided bring rest of the onigiri home for my family. They absolutely loves the onigiri and ate all of my 7 onigiri, and it were only 2 people lol. The only issue is usually onigiri comes with spicy mayo on the side, but you have to pay for those at Bubblefish.Rented out the private room for a social event. Waitstaff did a great job and the bubble tea and sushi were just downright amazing. I would definitely recommend this place for anybody looking for trendy and hip bubble tea and sushi at affordable prices.The squid skewer was amazing. This is my second time here and I'd kill for the money to eat here every weekend.Had lunch today. We started off with pork belly (special) Best we ever had.   I had the Salmon bubble box. Daughter had one of the daily specials, it was some kind of oyster seafood roll with an extremely light tempura. My Salmon was just a little dry but from I understand, that is what most customers want. Next time if I get Salmon, I will tell them to "under cook" it 
Great Quality, good prices, excellent service, slightly slow kitchen; and it had people but by no means crowded.
Hawk, our waiter was on top of his game. 
Oh yeah, nice decor; trendy but not crazy back ground music. 
I normally don't struggle with giving a rating, but in this case I'm going with five stars.SECOND TIME:
The waiter did not give water out right away. She came to take our order and we had to ask for water.
The waiter came and gave us the wrong order at first and gave us a Salmon Poke Bowl when I ordered a Tuna and Salmon roll. 
I got my Tuna Avocado roll and the avocado looks squished. They forgot my spicy mayo in which I had to ask for. The seaweed was really hard on the salmon roll. 
The spicy mayo was not spicy, it was more sweet. The Tuna avocado, one of it has no avocado on it just Tuna. 
My friends both got El and they both tasted multiple bones in it. One of my friend said "it made me choke". 
They gave us our check and we payed and the waiters were talking to each other and one was on their phone and we were waiting for our change. The waiter walked over at one point and then walked back to waiter desk. 
We asked for change when we paid. The waiter took the money and went to cashier and did not give back our change until a couple minutes later. 
My friends and me were really frustrated. 
This place was not worth it this time I came. Contemplating if I should come back and write an updated 3rd review. 
As of right now, I would not recommend this place for sushi.Decided to order here for lunch for the first time. I was not impressed...
The Phoenix shrimp onigiri was ok - TeaDo makes better onigiri but maybe that's because they give a spicy srirachi sauce to accompany it. Bubblefish's onigiri was kind of dry. I also ordered the lunch special - pick two sushi/maki rolls for $7.95. The spicy salmon was Delish! The shrimp tempura, on the other hand, was weak; it kept falling apart, it wasn't rolled tight enough. The actual shrimp was pretty tasty though. 
I also ordered a medium lychee green tea with tapioca, which cost $3.25 plus an extra $.50 for the tapioca- again, I'll compare the drink to TeaDo, which offers free tapioca with all of their drinks. At TeaDo, I could order a large green tea with tapioca and for instance, mango jelly for $4.50. That's a drink plus two toppings!
In any case, despite my disappointing lunch today, I'll go back but only to try their sushi and maybe, desserts (only because I have a sweet tooth)
Ok...came back so I updated my review to an extra star. I had their tuna and avocado sushi, which was Delish! I'll come back!One of the few places in the city that makes authentic Onigiri. Although the menu doesn't mention it, you can get it veg friendly if you ask. I'm obsessed. It takes me back to my visit to Japan with my dad when I was 7. I've ordered 3x from here and have never been dissatisfied. If you're into this Japanese common item this place will surely satisfy your buds.Very low quality sushi. Somehow everything tasted plastic despite trying many different fish, sushi, and rolls. Shame since service and ambience was great.Went around Chinatown late at night and thank goodness we stumbled into here for dessert. Their bubble teas are very tea-based, as in you can taste the actual tea and know that it's not powder. I ordered the tofu cheesecake, which sounded weird, but tasted great with some hot tea on the side. At night, it's pretty dimly lit, which creates a nice ambience. Fairly spacious too and the service is wonderful.I came here around 9:30pm on a Wednesday. We had a group of 5 and were seated immediately. My friends ordered sushi and I had the Three Musketeers. The sushi came out within 10 minutes. My drink came within a few minutes.
It has a strong green tea flavor. I enjoy the grass jelly, but some people don't like the faint herbal taste. I didn't really taste the lychee or fig jelly. The tapioca balls, or bubbles, were not too soft and chewy. 
Only downside was the $15 minimum for credit cards. Maybe I didn't notice a sign stating so. There is an ATM near the entrance, but I just combined my check with a friend's to meet the minimum.Bottom Line: Menu has a lot of items to choose from. I love the sushi- great combos. They also have boba. The rolls are big, so I wouldn't go overboard. 
Food: Delicious! I had the sushi and my friends had poke bowls. The poke bowls are HUGE--- hailing from Cali, I didn't expect that. That being said, they're different from the ones I'm used to ingredients wise as well. I really enjoyed my sushi-- it was fresh and had a good combo of flavors. 
Atmosphere: Nice inside, but super casual. 
Service: Our server was really patient with us being that there are a lot of options in the menu. I love that he had recommendations like THAT.
Not a fan of: Garlic Edamame
Yummmmm!The food was good but the servers were very rude and had an attitude. 
First of all the restaurant was empty and he asked me if I had a reservation mentions oh the wait might be 10 minutes.... me and my friends were like ok... a minute later we got seated and the waiter that led us to our table literally slapped the menus on to the table aggressively...Recommand this restaurant. Next time I'll take my families enjoy it! It's a new restaurant, so it's very clean. Their service is better than other place. 
Highly recommendI live in Chinatown and there are a lot of places to get tea drinks, but Bubblefish is one of the more unique places to get them. I tried their fried calamari, crabmeat salad and pork sung onigiri, and Bubblefish roll and they were all delicious! The service here are friendly and made me feel welcome. I would definitely come here again.The owner was ABSOLUTELY PHENOMENAL. I highly recommend this place. My office ordered a lot of food, and as I arrived to pick it up it was a lot to hold so the owner went above and beyond decided to put his jacket on and walk with me to my office building about 7 minutes away :)
These people are great and the food is just as great. I worked in customer service and this gets the EXCEPTIONAL & OUTSTANDING AWARDVery unique environment. Relaxing and very chill.
The food was delicious and amazing. Love the drinks. If you really like bubble tea and want to try something different, come to Bubblefish.  Definitely would come back again.Service is slow af. They need to hire more servers and give us the cup of water we asked for 15 mins ago.
Also when you have rolls on the menu listed please write what is exactly in the roll so that I don't have to be surprised about what is inside. My friend was allergic to the avocado that was inside his wasabi lobster roll. Thanks.Today I was enlightened by five different flavors of bubble tea - papaya oolong, original milk, kumquat lemon green, lychee black, and milk green. I'm happy to say that each of these were exquisitely crafted, and that I would highly recommend trying papaya oolong. These bubble teas can complement any meal, and their relatively cheap price of $3.25 makes them insanely hard to pass up. I personally don't prefer bubbles in bubble tea, but the bubbles in Bubblefish were much better than any  that I've had previous bubble tea shops.One of my favorite places for dinner in Philly. I always get the sushi and sashimi platter for one. It's more than enough food with some to share. There's pieces of sashimi that are slightly charred and they have a wonderful smokey aroma. Service can be slow sometimes but the food is worth the wait.Bubblefish is the rare place where I actually choose rolls over sashimi. That's because the rolls are inventive and strike the right balance of flavor, texture, and color. My personal favorites are the Bubblefish Roll and Marilyn Monroll. 
I have tried the sashimi, appetizers, and various entrees and have not had anything I would actually order again. Most things were just okay and some almost bad. That's why it's rolls for me every time. The milk tea is also solid. 
Let's be real. Sometimes you just want rolls instead of real sushi! When that happens go to Bubblefish.Food was unimpressive and overpriced. If you go here for a date don't sit next to the window. The menu is posted right on the outside, so you may have creepers peering in which can be uncomfortable. 2 stars for the good service...the waitress was on top of filling my water.The service was a bit slow. I had to wait a while to be seated and then again to order. The food was exceptional. It was worth the wait and the walk over.I came here first during Sushi Smackdown (which was such a fun event--why can't I review that?) I liked it so much that I came back to this establishment once more--and that won't be my last time. I enjoy their creative sushi rolls (The Marilyn Monroll and the Bubblefish roll are favorites). They have a great tea selection which I really enjoy.Definitely my favorite new sushi spot in town, amazing creative rolls and good prices. Huge selection of different kinds of tea, both bubble and hot teas. Kind, helpful staff as well. Highly recommended!You are responsible for asking the server for what you want to drink. Be wary if you have a food allergy. Do not trust the servers to tell you which foods contain allergens. My waitress kept insisting my meal was free of eggs but when I got it, there was mayo on it. I was not refunded.
I recommend the miso salmon ($12 last I went). I do not recommend the black cod ($14) which had a measly sized piece of fish. It tasted almost as if it had been frozen because the texture of it was spongy. (Fish frozen for longer than supposed to often ends up with a slightly spongy texture when cooked.) I was very disappointed with this dish.
Despite all I have said, the wait staff is still very friendly and the atmosphere is beautiful. Also, the tea is always refilled.This is my favorite place to chill and eat in Chinatown, philly. Their sushi is great. Their deserts are just perfect, not too sweet, not too plain. I recommend their Creme Brûlée.This was my 2nd visit to BubbleFish and it did not disappoint. Started with a peach banana milk shake for my drink. From there commenced to order beef and lamb skewers, eel with rice and tangy sauce, a rice pilaf combination that sits upright, and fried chicken skins. Very relaxing atmosphere, a few other couples dinibg, quiet atmosphere, great tasting food, nice music. Definitely planning on returning to this spot. Asian food is the best!!!!Five stars as always. Thank you Xu for the great food, drinks, and service as always!
I got the sushi burger today and it was amazing. Five stars.BAD FOOD! Don't be fooled by the 4.5 star! I thought it was a nice place to go after a long day. But It could not be more disappointing.I've went here a few times already. Whenever I'm around Philly, this is one of my go-to places for some good sushi and tempuras. They're takoyaki's are very tasty, too!This is probably my favorite sushi spot in Philly!! The service is fast and the server we had was very friendly.  The miso soup here tastes very homemade, fresh and not to mention it's a pretty large portion for only $2! The sushi is also great. My boyfriend and I got the mango shrimp, yellowtail jalapeño, yellowtail scallion, TGI, salon roll, salmon avo, and tuna avo. So fresh and delicious.  They also have bubble tea here which is convenient.  The prices are decent for the quality that you get.  Bubblefish is now my go-to sushi spotSo far, this is my favorite sushi spot in Philadelphia. They have classic rolls as well as very creative and unique rolls.     My favorite signature rolls are Marilyn Monroll, Tuna Princess, Bubblefish Roll, and the Out of Control roll. Their seaweed salad and miso soup are also fabulous. The atmosphere is cool and casual and it is always busy. 
BYOB so make sure to bring some sake!A surprise little new gem in Chinatown and BYOB! Their tea list is extensive and the guava orange bubble tea with pops and the almond sesame milk tea were both very good. The volcano chicken appetizer was sub par but their sushi and tea makes up for it. A routine lunch spot for my friends and I! 
Update: 
Went back again and got the Mango tea and the pineapple coconut tea. They both were amazing. We also got the spicy garlic edamame for an appetizer. This is by far my favorite edamame. You can taste the garlic and spice in every bite and is so good each time. Our main dish was the sushi and sashimi sampler for 2 and let me tell you, it's a beautiful presentation and it is delicious. The tuna tasted so fresh and I really enjoyed the conch which came with a small dollop of spicy sauce. 
The service was attentive and friendly; we did not feel rushed at all.Finally found a delicious and AFFORDABLE sushi restaurant! The menu is big and also offers bubble tea. The sushi is great quality taste for a low price. 11-3 is two sushi rolls for $7.85 (not the fancy ones) 
Great, Friendly customer service. 
I was able to get 2 rolls (spicy crab and Philadelphia roll) + OOLONG milk tea + popcorn chicken appetizer for only $20.00
This is definitely my new spot!Best freaking bubble tea I've ever been to. Great selection, generous portions and super friendly!Went here for a late lunch around 3 or so on Sunday. We order a mango milk shake, ramen, and their speciality salmon roll. For three people, it was around $25 per person. My other friends really enjoyed their meals and drinks. The server was fairly attentive. He came back to refill our water quite often but did not ask how experience was. Another server came and asked for him. They might have traded tables because I did not see him come back towards the end of out meal.
The actual meal was nice. I have to say the mango milkshake and ramen were the highlights. Their portion are fairly large and was good. My friends and I were starving , so it was well needed.
Peep this place out, overall I plan to come back.I honestly think bubble fish is overrated. It's a cute little restaurant which is what drew me in. The food is okay. I wouldn't say it's good or bad. It's the kind of restaurant I would only go to because it has a warm interior and if idk what to eat.It was the second time I went to bubble fish. The water come fast this time but it was dirty. I waited around 25 minutes for 4!rolls when there are only three tables! Not good!Love the place. Food is fresh, nice staff, and the sushi is definitely one of the better experiences I've had in Philly.I always leave Bubblefish with a full stomach. If you want to try a flavorful poke bowl, it's not anything like what you'd find in Hawaii, but it's certainly yummy! Some of the flavors can overwhelm you after a while, but they all work together well. 
I think the best bang for your buck is the lunch special. You can get two rolls and a hand roll, or three rolls for under $10! Such a good deal, and they really do give you enough food to fill you.A surprise little new gem in Chinatown! Their tea list is extensive and the guava orange bubble tea with pops and the almond sesame milk tea were both very good. The sushi is very good. The volcano chicken was sub par but their sushi and tea makes up for it. A routine lunch spot for my friends and I!好吃 ，不贵，便宜，实惠。装修不错。地理位置好。bubblefish 群众的选择。我每天都会去很多次。特别好。American Friends 也赶紧去吧 ps 服务员James 很funnyWe ate so much because it was all so delicious. 
My party was seated right away and the food came quickly. The Onigiri was extremely tasty, I would order these again. If you like spicy try the Spicy Garlic Edamame. I think between everyone at the table we ordered one of every type of dish and they were all winners. The only issue was that the tea selection is overwhelming, but I had the waitress walk us through it. I honestly can not wait to go back next time I am in the city.Bubblefish is probably one of the best sushi places around Chinatown. The ambience of the restaurant is very nice and modern, although I do question some of their music choices as I was there. Nevertheless, it never bothered me. The restaurant is modern in design with a touch of spirit of Chinatown with a fish tank, and a dragon's head decoration. It was nice to see a modern spin.
The price point of this place and it's quality is what makes it worth it. You usually get what you pay for. My party of 4 and I first ordered Tropical Fruits Tea. All the brewed teas there are free refills! Like most fruit infused teas, it was very light with the fruity flavor but it was very nice. For this particular tea, we were also given syrup to sweeten the tea if needed. I went a little food crazy and ordered a Bubblefish green milk tea with an Angry Dragon Roll, an Unagi Don, and Cheesecake. 
The milk teas here are standard in fare about $4.50 for a large, but they are worth it because of the size you get in you dine-in. They give it to you in this cool pitcher! For me the food came out pretty quickly as it wasn't too busy. When I read the description of the Angry Dragon Roll I thought it was going to be way too complex in flavor due to it's many ingredients, but I was so wrong. The flavor was perfect and everything complimented each other so nicely. My friend put it as "It took him on a journey"! The Unagi Don which costed around $12 dollars comes in this big round dish, but it was shallow. The Unagi quality was great but they didn't provide much Unagi. They did provide other sides like kani, egg custard, and cucumbers though. The cheesecake, creme brulee, and waffle desserts were nothing too special, but it was still very satisfying.
The waitress Trang was very helpful in describing everything for us as it was some of our first times. I'll definitely be coming back!Had the sushi burger. Great idea to look at, but wasn't that easy to eat. The food was fresh and tasty, just would had prefered a more attentive waitress.Would recommend this place! Staff are friendly and the food is good. Would go here for any type of special occasion.I've been there many times. I like sashimi and sushi, the food is fresh, and the lunch box is a good choice.