This restaurant is like whoa! I don't usually write reviews but my experience at Bud & Marilyn's leaves me no choice. One word (or, a trendily truncated word): delish. After living in NYC the past few years, this restaurant just  may have me reconsidering my ole stompin' grounds. 
Quick rundown of tonight's dishes: 
Cheese Curd (5) - A must. Pillowy, cheesy heaven.
Lobster Bun (4) - Really great but the lobster meat was somewhat lacking. I wish I could have tried the Nashville bun as well.
Heirloom Carrots (5) - A whole lotta good right here. Melded, fresh flavors. Bugs Bunny would be proud.
Local Grits (5) - Grits, cheese, veggies. Pretty sure this should be a food group.
Short Rib Stroganoff (5) - I don't eat meat often (I just got over a bad case of vegetarianism for the past 14 years), but I stole some bites of this dish. Perfection! Be forewarned, vegetarians. 
Funfetti Cake (5) - I was bursting at the seams but made room for this monster-sized cake. Worth it. Moist, buttercream perfection with sprinkles. 
Overall: Go here and ask for Ben (waiter) - it will be hard to leave disappointed. Unless, of course, you hate great food and sprinkles (but then I don't trust you - sorry!).I don't have a long, in-depth review, but so far that seems to be the theme for reviewers of this place. If you liked Juniper Commons before it closed, the food reminds me of that. Loved the decor, but the drinks (NY and Marilyn Old Fashioned) and food, fried chicken, ribeye and short rib stroganoff (though small portion on the latter) were great! 
I've worked a restaurant when it first opened before and it takes time to get your groove, but the service was good. 
Funfetti cake is awesome. 
(Be sure to tell them you want your meal in courses or else it will come out share style- as it is ready)Service sucked! Benjamin, though appealing to the eye, if you're into the lumbersexual sort of thing, is a sub-par server. Pushy, ignorant, and cocky are only a few of his charming personality traits.
Our entrees showed up only 1.5 hours into our visit, and needless to say, the food was DA BOMB DOT COM! Cheese curds app, skirt steak, and grits a la veggies, and 5 drinks later, and we are only too happy to leave. 
Chef gets 1,000 stars. Benjamin though....What a cool throw back restaurant. The vibe matched the menu with amazing cocktail menu to match. The manager was a total babe which never hurts!Went back and got the special for the night, happened to be vegetarian. It was super oily $20 squash/ravioli, I didn't enjoy. But the service was great and the biscuits are still amazing. If I ever have meat again I'll come back for the fried chicken :PThis is a great place for a date or special occasion.  The atmosphere is comfortable and trendy.  The staff is very good and the food was delicious.  My only complaint was that my potatoes were a bit salty.Food was great. Service could have been Better. Loved the cheese curds and drinks. Main course was a little dry but overall would recommend them.I recently went here for CC Restaurant Week lunch.  I made a reservation for 12pm (when the restaurant opens) and upon arriving right at noon there were people waiting to be let in-we were seated right away, and by 12:30pm the restaurant was packed. Their restaurant week lunch menu offered a large selection of options with dishes that were marked indicating they could be made vegan upon request.  I went with a party of 3, we all enjoyed all of our courses (I got the Nashville hot buns-ton of flavor with definitely a kick to them, the turkey sandwich-standard but yummy, and the apple pie-amazing), and left super full. I definitely want to return for dinner to try their fried chicken!Four of us went to Bud and Marilyn's last night for dinner. 
Food-  The Nashville hot bun was awesome!  I had the first one and ordered a second- the fried chicken and ranch was a perfect combo, with dill pickles on top and a fresh soft bun. They did a great job with this dish.  The cheese curds were also great- my wife and her sister are suckers for all things cheese and they can't wait to come back for more.  The fried chicken and biscuits was one of the best in Philly, better than federal donuts and Khyber pass pub (which is at the top of my list for philly pubs).  The beer brat bun was good, but I was just reminded that I am not a huge brat fan.  Good dish, but just not my thing.
Drink- The cranberry Moscow mule was a hit with the ladies.  The happy hour Cabernet was good and the buds bourbon made a solid finish.  Their cocktail list looks great and I will be trying one of their signature old fashioneds next time.  
The bartender was also really friendly and her service was great.  We will definitely come back soon.Fried chicken is excellent. I rarely eat breast meat, but I ate theirs. Good fries too. I was surprised how fast and pleasant the service is. Good selection of beers and cocktails. Altogether a very enjoyable lunch.Awesome little homage to retro/throwback cuisine, with a touch of modern sprinkled in. Great ambiance, efficient service, and classic cocktails (they had an excellent Bee's Knees!). We had the cinnamon rolls, shakshuka, and the half fried chicken which came with every accompaniment you could wish for. All were insanely delicious. Decor was legit and authentic. Volume/noise was bustling and pleasant but not too loud. Had major French Toast envy looking at the table next door. Would definitely recommend.Only had a drink here; but I have to comment on the vibe of Bud & Marilyn's, because it was just that good.
First of all, the lighting, decor, layout, and noise control is all perfectly balanced. As soon as you walk in, you're met with this great buzz of energy. And it's feel good energy (not stressed out energy, nor is it pretentious in any way; it's FABULOUS).
One thing that struck me, in particular, was how HAPPY every single customer was. Everyone was smiling and enjoying his/herself immensely. Again, this has to do with the contagious good vibe of the restaurant. Kudos to the entire staff, on this one!
We sat at the bar, and it was perfect. Unique, kitschy- yet refined, with tremendous attention to detail. Drinks were perfect, and the stemware and glassware is so fun. 
I will be moving into the city come spring, and will absolutely be returning to B&M's regularly. It's just too good not to. Cheers!Stopped in for brunch.  Food was good, service not so much and very slow.  The 2 hosts didn't seem very efficient with seating.  The restaurant was 1/2 - 3/4 full and there were lots of open and cleared/set tables available.  Yet the party of 2 in front of us had to wait a few minutes before being seated.  Once they were sat, my part of 2 had to wait an additional 5 minutes before being seated.  Didn't seem to be any reason why?  Again, there were at least 5 open tables of 2 that we could see were ready.  Once seated, our server was slow and took a long time before taking our order.  Once the food arrived, it was overall tasty and we enjoyed it.  When we were finished eating, we sat and sat.  Our server was no where to be found.  After a long time, someone else finally cleared our empty plates of the table.  We continued sitting, waiting for our server so we could get our check.  She never came.  We couldn't take waiting any longer and I had walk to the bar to ask someone to either find our server or get our check.  A few minutes later, our server finally came by with the check.  From the time we finished eating until when we saw our server and got our check, 20-25 minutes went by.  Way too long.
The food was good and deserved 4 stars.  The service deserved 2 stars, resulting in the 3 star review.  Please don't let poor service ruin a good meal.Eh. I had chilaquiles verdes (pulled pork on corn tortillas), which was all right. I am not a huge fan of Mexican food, so it was probably not the best thing to order, but none of the other dishes looked appealing enough to me. I probably should return here again to try other dishes though.This joint is hidden gem in plain sight. I am normally not around the area, so I was surprised that there was such a chill and good place near me. I had a four course meal that consisted their cheesey pretzel bread, watermelon and beet salad, fried chicken, and melon sorbet. Needless to say it was a fruit and refreshing meal. The highlights of the meal was the watermelon and beet salad with the melon dessert. 
They both tasted fresh and healthy. Not sure of the dessert is but it was pretty good quality. Creamy and light on the tongue. On top of the good meals, the side was attentive and friendly. Another point to be mentioned. I did need the extra water refills since my friend chicken was a bit dry and disappointing. 
For being the bulk of my meal, I was not impressed. Popeyes would have been better. There was not alot of crunch. The honey butter was a nice touch though.
Overall, the meal costed over $60. It was a nice change of pace from my usual spots. Peep this place out. Nice date spot. The drinks seem good too but I did not try them.I have visited Bud and Marilyn's a few times, most recently for lunch during Center City Restaurant Week. The menu has a ton of options, including choices for the health conscious and for those looking for something delicious to splurge on. Some restaurants have very limited menus for restaurant week and smaller portions--not the case here. 
Between the four of us we had a variety of dishes, all of which were great. The cheese curds appetizer definitely has enough to share for the table. I had the double party burger for my entree and it was great. The fried chicken dish also got rave reviews. I'm a lover of bread pudding, so I was really excited that it was a dessert option, but didn't like it as much as I had thought (more dense than I like). My friend likes it this way, so we traded and I had the peanut butter mousse which was awesome.Wow - skip green eggs and their ridiculous line and GO HERE! Bud and Marilyn's has one of thE best brunch menus I've ever seen. The biscuits and gravy, shrimp po boy Benedict, and almond crusted French toast were amazing. The place has such a good vibe and shout out to the nicest waiter ever Nick! Love this place will definitely be back!I was really sad to see that when I did a Yelp search on Pancakes in Philadelphia, Bud & Marilyns did not come up.  In my opinion, it should be No 1 because their pancakes are AMAZING!  We had the lemon ricotta pancakes and I wanted to go back into the kitchen to find out how they got them SO FLUFFY and evenly cooked.  Along with the pancakes, everything our table was delicious and the drinks were fun and flavorful too.  Enjoy!We had a gorgeous meal here, recommended by a friend for an anniversary outing.  Started with the foie mousse - delicious and it comes with the most amazing bread (you'll want to ask for extra). 
The highlight of the meal, though, was the stroganoff - it sounds so simple but it came with the most tender and flavorful meat, and the house-extruded noodles were perfectly hearty. Mmmmmmh.
For dessert there was a blueberry and rhubarb cobbler, which had lots of fruit and toasted cubes of the bread (and ice cream, obvs).  Also delicious though we were so full of delicious stroganoff (seriously, go try it).
Our server was awesome, the ambiance was romantic, cozy, and fun.  I would definitely have a return visit.
(did I mention the stroganoff)Went here for lunch during restaurant week, it was A, Okay lol. I've only heard great things about this place, but it was average. I do not have any complaints, I have just been to better places in the city.
I ordered the nashville hot buns (they were actually very good), I ordered their double patty burger (it was average at best, definitely way better places for burgers in the city) and for dessert I had their apple cranberry slab pie which really didn't do anything for me. 
I would definitely go back, but I would make sure to order something different. Although I would have their nashville hot buns again!Great restaurant!  Been here a couple times recently. Both times have been great. Food and service were awesome.  Sat at a table by the bar and ambiance was perfect.  Had the cheese curds, heirloom tomato salad (SO good), friend chicken, pork belly buns, and pierogies.  All were delicious. Cocktails were terrific as well.  Will definitely be back again soon!YES:
-Happy hour. They have a killer happy hour. Get the buns, the curds, the cranberry mule. Set.
-Cheese curds. They deserve their own bullet. Seriously, I don't know how they managed to pull off such a fantastic menu item.
-Dessert. Whiskey bourbon bread pudding is delicious. Need to try that funetti cake.
-Cocktails. They seem to have the mixing game down.
-Bathrooms. Super cute and private stalls. There's only three unisex stalls, however, so you may need to wait.
-Tiki bar. Bring it back! Such a lovely reprieve from the winter. From what the host said prior to its December closing, the owners are considering re-opening it each winter as a seasonal pop-up. I really hope they do! It was adorable and so welcoming.
-Bar seats. So cute, retro and comfy!
NO:
-Beer. Do not bother. My requested $7 brown ale was a grand cru. I pointed it out and the server told me I was wrong. I was actually not wrong. Small pour too.
-Fried chicken. I don't understand. The chicken was dry and boring. The bun was dry and boring. How do all the critics love this dry and boring plate? Or did I just get a poor plate courtesy of Restaurant Week?
-High tops behind the bar. I made a RW res at the beginning of January, so when we were pointed to the first high top in front of the door, I requested a different table. Hostess replied by staring at me without using words. I then said, "Um, can we have this one then?" (Aka the high-top one back). She hesitantly said okay, but it didn't matter anyway. As a chronically cold person, I froze the whole meal. And the seat was painful.
VERDICT:
No to Restaurant Week. Yes to Happy Hour. I'd gladly go back and eat/drink their entire HH menu whenever possible. If I did go back for a full meal, I'd request a table in the dining area away from the door. And order a cocktail. Lesson learned.Barbuzzo and Jamonera are two of my favorites, so I had pretty high expectations. I don't think it met them, but it's still a pretty solid place.
The drinks were pretty good and reasonably priced.
The cheese curds were fantastic, as were the dipping sauces they came with.
The Nashville hot buns were disappointing, as the bread to chicken ratio was off. Also had too much of the slaw, which overpowered the rest of it. I think I expected more of a slider than open-faced sandwich.
The fried chicken was good, but not great. The breading didn't really stick too well, and it was a bit under-seasoned. Needed some kick and maybe some honey or something. The biscuits were exceedingly dry. I'm not sure what it is in this city, but really no one can make a correct biscuit. Really makes me miss South Carolina and Texas.
The chocolate peanut butter cake was incredible and huge.
Service was good, and decor and atmosphere were solid, if a bit noisy.
Overall, I'd come back and give some other dishes a try, but I don't think it's necessarily a notably great restaurant.Add this to the list of center city restaurants in Philly I will return to for dinner.  It succeeds in doing what I think Jones wanted to capture but wasn't able to.
Come here hungry and yearning for the less healthy options - fried chicken, meatloaf, pierogies - because they are killer good. Particularly the pierogies which are just the right amount of crispy goodness and served with an interesting creme fraiche. For those insisting on behaving and being healthy, the roasted trout was cooked perfectly and had a lot of flavor.
Service is stellar and a special shout-out to the hosts who were super attentive and active all night long. Our waitress was accommodating to a birthday celebration request and made the dessert special.
I'd like to check out the brunch at Bud & Marilyn's because the menu looks promising. Also, I'm embarrassed to say I didn't order the warm buttermilk biscuits because I didn't realize they were on the menu until it was too late. So don't make the same mistake - they looked delicious from afar.Great food. Great drinks. Great atmosphere. We come to Philly once a year and have stopped here every time without disappointment!Came here on a rainy Saturday night for dinner and drinks with a friend. Ambience was nice - place was dark and it had an upbeat fun vibe to it. Place was packed but not overcrowded.
Our waiter was super friendly, upbeat, and service was just right. He was attentive but not overbearing.
I had the moscow mule and it was yummy. A bit pricey but standard pricing for a place in Philly. For dinner, I tried Marilyn's fried chicken and it was delicious! I finished the entire thing. The biscuits were warm and buttery too. Definitely would recommend this dish but it is a little pricey ($20). My friend had the smoked cheddar pierogies and she loved them so much that she even ordered a second serving. 
This is a great spot for dinner with friends or for a date. Would definitely come back!The hype of this restaurant is well deserved.  Everything was good.  It is very loud in the restaurant, so if you're looking for a nice conversation without shouting, this is not the place.  I went on a Wednesday evening and it was packed.  The cheese curds were fabulous.  I've had these in Wisconsin and they weren't as good.  The Nashville Hot Buns weren't that great...there is an odd flavor with the fried chicken, but the bun itself was buttery and delicious.  Pierogies were decent, very flavorful and well fried (not pan fried like I was expecting).  Bacon mac and cheese with brussel sprouts were very cheesy, gooey, and delicious.  If you like bacon and cheese, this dish is excellent.  I was a bit a disappointed with the meatloaf.  It looked fantastic and the reviews seemed to be great, but the meatloaf itself was very cheesy.  The roasted veggies, sauce, and mashed potatoes were excellent.  And finally the dessert...GET the funfetti cake.  It is so delicious.  Not too sweet, subtle strawberry buttercream, deliciousness!  We also ordered the blueberry cobbler and it was very disappointed.  Very tart and one note.  Just get the funfetti cake.Everything was absolutely delicious. Cocktails were on point. The food was awesome. Service was phenomenal. I'm happy we gave this place a chance!Marilyn's Fried Chicken! Enough said. Delicious from the steaming hot chicken to the zucchini pickles. I've heard great things for a while about Bud & Marilyn's for years and finally checked it out. So much good food on the menu that I will definitely be back to try! Great service and drinks too!This place was amazing! Everything was mouth watering and delicious. I'm pretty sure I over ordered because everything looked so good, and nothing disappointed. 
The wait staff was super friendly, and helpful with picking items out on the menu (including cocktails). 
While I was there I was telling people to make sure they come and try it!Great meal. I was here alone around 9:00 after working late. The iceberg salad was huge & tasty. The lamb Bolognese was excellent-firm pasta & seasoned sauce for the ground lamb 
The little pecan pie (shaped more like a muffin) was the best I've ever had, with none of that gooey jell most versions have. Nice atmosphere. 
I may go back here this trip.I don't know that I can add to their obvious awesomeness but it was indeed awesomeness. I ordered the shrimp and grits which were great but I wish I would have ordered the Nashville chicken. My wife did. She won. But it's not like I lost. 
I didn't give 5 starts bc whole they were busy we only saw the server 4 times and we had to get up and get pepper for ourselves. The table next to us also asked I I could get them some salt and hot sauce. 
What can I say, I'd go back again and again. Our sever was very nice and helpful--maybe they just need more staff? It's not like I ever saw her sitting still. She was constantly working. That's my only critique. 
Best chicken ever. ever. Order 2, maybe 3This was our first visit and we were impressed on some accounts and just 'ok' on others.  First the bench seating near the window is bad.   I sat on the very cushy bench and sunk down so far it was an uncomfortably awkward reach to the table.  Also, my wife who sat in a regular dining chair appeared several inches higher than me... was weird - 3 stars on atmosphere.  The food... 5 stars plus for the hot buttered pork belly buns!  These were really to die for.  I had the fontina meatloaf (5 stars plus) which was really terrific except the whipped potatoes were luke warm to cold (1 star)!  My wife had the brick grilled chicken which was only ok.  It tasted good but was dry (3 stars at best).  The funfetti cake for dessert was huge and very good... All in all, we'd go back but hope for some things being better.  And, we won't sit on the bench seating!The noise level in this restaurant makes it virtually impossible to hold a conversation. Low light level made reading the menu a challenge. If you can get past those obstacles you will find the food a delight and the service efficient and friendly.Me and my bf went here last Friday for the first time after the Martin Comedy Show. I'm a foodie so I like trying new places. I found this place on my Instagram (dangg_daobi) and the food looked out of site so I decided that's our next restaurant to try out. Location-Great, Atmosphere-Great, Customer Service-Great, Food-Not to Great! We were veryyyyy Disappointed. Idk if the chef went home early that night or he/she just didn't feel like cooking no more (mind you it was 11pm). We started with the PuPu platter (which was over priced). Presentation wise -Nice but tooo much green Leafs. The PuPu platter had no flavor except toooo much garlic. Chicken wings was dry, tuna had a weird after taste, the short ribs tasted like garlic n charcole, the chicken/beef on the stick was okay, and that garlic bread was hard as a Rock! Nowww after tasting that I wish we didn't already put our order in for an entree cuz I would've left at that point but we decided to give it another try. We ordered the chicken & biscuits with a side of mash potatoes. Presentation wise- Great, taste wise - Absolutely Horrible. My thing is I never been to a restaurant that served flavor-less food. The Chicken was near dear burnt and completely dry. It was like they fried all the juice out the chicken. Then it has absolutely no flavor. It was like they dipped the chicken in flour then threw it in the fryer. After the first bite I was completely Done! I then tried the biscuits. Lawddd where they hard and dry as shit. Spreading butter on them things couldn't even help it out. I then tried the mash potatoes because in my head I thought You can't really mess up mash potatoes. Boyyy was I wrong... The potatoes didn't have no flavor either, tasted like the cooked it in water because they ran out of milk. At that point I was pissed at the entire restaurant. Then on top of that they had no bbq sauce and when I tried to order a non alcohol drink (Shirley Temple) because I had to drive home that night the waiter said we don't have that but we have something similar to it but it has alcohol in it  I just said I don't want an alcoholic drink. Then I asked her if she could take the alcohol out of it and she told me No; ummm okay! I told her to take this food back. Then when the bill comes it was $80 minus my entree that was removed. That was the most expensive dry flavorless chicken I have ever paid for. I would have been better off going to KFC/Popeyes atleast I'm guaranteed some flavor. Oh that place messed up my whole mood the rest of the night mind you we came all the way from Milford De. We ended going to McDonald's because we were hungry. This places is a huge disappointment. Pictures are very deceiving! This place will be Put on my (DNR list) Do Not Return. Until they get someone who can add flavor to there food and lower there prices. My bf gave the left overs to his dog atleast it didn't go to waste.Ok, it really doesn't need to be said anymore, but those cheese curds. Damn! We started our night with two drinks, and an order of curds.  Of the two sauces, the ranch is the stronger contender. I shared an order with a friend and we were both trying to have manners, but obviously just wanted to stick our finger in the souffle cup to get the last of it. 
We also both loved the Pimento Cheese with toasted brioche and pickles (thanks for making an exactly equal amount of pickled veggies so we didn't have to decide who got which piece-there were 2 of each!) 
After munching on Happy Hour cheese, we decided to split the Korean Glazed Tofu buns from the dinner menu. These were yummy, and a great deal for $8 for 2. I was happy with everything I got and the service was stellar. We sat at the bar and never felt rushed or ignored by our server. 
Kudos as well for having non-alcoholic cocktails on the menu! I got the "Couples Skate" which was tart and delicious. It came in a champagne saucer, and as a non-drinker, I finally felt like an adult at the bar for the first time in my life! My ladydate got a Gimlet Slush which came in a Bud & Marilyn's mug with a SWIZZLE STICK-YASSSS! (Note to self: Can you buy these mugs? I need one!) 
The vibe is very retro. Like a mid-century dinner party complete with kitschy furnishings and stemware (Make sure you swing by the restrooms-most of the best camp-tastic decor can be found in and around the three individual stalls-Kinda made me want to check out all 3!). The bar is decorated with vintage glassware and the whole vibe is sort of Don Draper liquid lunch with a more modern menu. I'm a big fan. Heading back tonight!Food was great. Stroganoff, biscuits, heirloom tomato salad. Outstanding flavor on everything. I would point out, though, that, contrary to the way the server (and the menu) described, these portions are not necessarily large enough to share. Don't get me wrong...these were mighty delicious, but, if you come in expecting to share a salad and an entree you will likely leave hungry (or you should order an extra side (grits) AND biscuits ;). The food prices are fair for the quality. My only "complaint" here is that they are serving martinis in "coupe" glasses. I dislike this practice. I like my martinis shaken, not stirred and served in the proper glass.Great atmosphere, friendly service, delicious food and drink. The warm skillet bread is a must! Their fired chicken was also one of the best, crispy and flavorful!I'm a fan of cheese. So cheese curds just lured me right in.  Had dinner here for our second night in town.  The cheese curds were great! Could of been more considering they were $8 for an appetizer. But they were delicious. Then we ordered the famous Fried Chicken.  Now, my view of Fried Chicken is skewed after having Texas Southern Fried Chicken. So for me their chicken didn't do it. Neither did their biscuits. It had a coconut taste which through me off.  I like coconut but not for my chicken.  And the biscuits again just didn't taste how I expected.  So it's a matter of flavor for me. But the staff was great and attentive. The music was perfect playing soulful tunes and so was the ambiance.  It's got candle lit tables and a dark yet calming vibe.  I would return but would try something else. This place is good if you want to go out on a date or want to have a classier mood out. Oh! And let's talk about CAKE! That was the winner! A giant piece of Funfetti cake with Vanilla icing. It is not for the faint of heart. Everyone around us wanted to volunteer to eat that cake. Get it! It's worth it! But do make sure to share, otherwise you will go into a sugar coma!Great location on corner of 13th & Locust.  Easy access from PATCO or SEPTA.  Be sure to make a reservation.  Fills up quick at dinner!
Great interior.  Seating allows for a range of sitting at table, bar or counter top that runs along side the kitchen.  Great for both a HH gathering or hot date!  Nice range of drinks but cocktails stand out the most.  Also, their food is great and the chicken is outstanding!  Staff has been super friendly and accommodating.  Professional and down to earth.
Bud & Marilyn's leaves you satisfied and wanting to come back and try more.The Nashville Hot Buns are the stuff dreams are made of - buttery, creamy, crunchy, juicy all at the same time. The serving size was a little small though, with two small buns for $10, so would recommend coming here for happy hour to try it. But it is so, so good.
The Fried Chicken was pretty filling, with a spread of pickles, biscuits, and half a bird. I wasn't super duper impressed by the chicken itself - it was decent, but didn't feel juicy enough and the crust was a little hard. Not bad at all though, just not as good as the hot buns. I did enjoy the biscuits a lot though - they were perfectly crumbly, and the side of pickles also balances out the richness of the chicken and biscuits well. 
Looking forward to coming back for happy hour to try more of the small bites (the server recommended the cheese curds as a popular item)!Came here for lunch on a Friday with pretty high expectations! The service and ambience were great and our food came out relatively quickly even though they were ultra busy! 
We started off with the cheese curds which had a great crispy outer shell, but were just a tad too salty. The chipotle/smokey salsa and ranch dipping sauce were AMAZING and complimented the cheese curds nicely (we devoured them in minutes). 
For drinks we tried the radio days cocktail which was absolutely DELICIOUS -similar to a sangria that I could probably drink all day! 
Next up, we ordered the Nashville hot buns- super disappointing. I really wanted to love the dish as a whole, but found myself liking individual components instead. The buns themselves were a little too greasy and sweet for me. The chicken had a super crunchy coating, but were also sweet with no heat. The hot buns were topped off with a vegetable slaw which was easily my favorite part- hints of cilantro and mint made the dish refreshing! Overall, not enough heat but vegetable slaw was on point. 
We also ordered a side of the Kennebec fries which were fried to perfection! 
Finally, we finished up with the infamous funfetti cake- presentation alone is Instagram worthy! A huge portion (totally meant to be shared) topped with sprinkles and a fortune cookie. Texture was super fluffy and it melted in your mouth. Not the best funfetti cake I've ever had, but definitely one of the prettiest! Plus, I totally LOVED the fortune cookie! 
Definitely coming back for happy hour!A friend and I were here on a Friday night.  I agree with the vintage vibes on another review. We had a great bottle of wine, shrimp po boys, fried chicken po boys, short ribs and scallops.  It was a little too much food, but all of it was spectacular.  The place was busy, but that was to be expected for a Friday.  Planning to go back and try brunch and give an updated review!Beautiful restaurant and great service. Make sure you get reservations for dinner because this place is packed. Great shareable entrees if you want a little bit of everything, very pricey compared to the size of the plates. Yard's makes a pale ale just for this restaurant that is very light and tasty, "Bud's Best Pale Ale." 
Seared sea scallops: beautifully cooked and topped with mini Johnny cakes. 
Roasted Idaho trout: forget the fried chicken, this was probably the shining star. So succulent and well-seasoned. Topped with mushroom barley and a lot of great textures. 
Marilyn's fried chicken: one drum stick and two thighs with wings. Two biscuits. Three pickles. Not a fan of the batter -- reminds me of a light Korean fried chicken batter. Biscuits were probably some of the best I had here in Philly. The house hot sauce is really delicious, nice and flavorful and not spicy. 
Will be back for happy hour.Restaurant ambience is good. I chose this place by chance and boy I was lucky! Service was awesome. 
We ordered the Pu Pu platter. Mix of Asian fusion food bites. I think it's a brilliant platter to share. The only thing was the Vietnamese meatball was a tad salty. We should have tried more items on the menu but that platter is huge for two.Bud and Marilyn are my two new best friends. If I could spend time with them every week I would. The ambiance at their place is cozy and comfortable and the food is quite yummy. It's hard to order when everything on the menu is appealing. Let me give you the breakdown....
Reservations fill up quickly so make them in advance. We came for brunch at 11am on a Sunday. The cheese curds- amazing especially with the ranch sauce.The cinnamon bun- amazing and HUGE we split it between 7 people. Our server Michael, was fun, energetic, and very helpful. I came for and successfully received the fried chicken bucket. It's no lie, it's a bucket full of 1/2 a bird and shoestring french fries. It wasn't my favorite fried chicken of all time (see Alla Spina), but it was pretty darn good. We didn't have enough room for dessert, but anywhere that serves funfetti cake has a special place in my heart. When I ordered an iced tea I was mildly weirded out that it was just a bottle of honest iced tea priced at 4 bucks. So keep that in mind if you're an iced tea drinker.  I can't wait to return again, and again, and again.Wonderful 1970s atmosphere with the best mac and cheese in town! We ordered the romaine and avocado salad and fried chicken with biscuits!! For dessert we had the brown butter apple pie and the biggest slice of fun feti cake I have ever seen! Both were amazing! We didn't try any of the drink specials but will definitely be back for happy hour!I've been here a couple of times now for drinks only. My third time here I was feeling a bit down and decided to completely indulge in the EXTREMELY unhealthy food Bud & Marlins has to offer.  
Drinks: Expensive, but good. The service is what stands out to me - amazing. My friend and I got a very sour drinks a couple of times and sent them back to make them a bit sweeter and more bearable. There was no problem and our waitress was so bubbly and didn't mind that we were being slightly snobby in our drink choices. Also there is definitely an older crowd around the bar every time I have gone.
Food: Two things I got last time with my friend were the infamous fried cheese curds and tofu buns (tried to be healthy). Tofu buns were pretty average... 80% bun, 10% tofu, and 10% garnish. The friend cheese curds though. Oh my God. It was slightly confusing to feel a love/hate relation with each bite. They are SO good but SO bad. My mouth was happy at first, but then the oils would release with each bite and I could feel my arteries clogging. This app is definitely a one in a while type of food... Maybe more like once in a year...Just amazing for brunch. 
Shrimp po boy -- winner 
Carnitas -- winner 
Lemon ricotta pancakes -- winner 
Even the coffee was amazing.delicious interesting food however, I wouldn't recommend going on the weekend if you live in the city because it's so noisy.  Also, the service was way too fast if you plan on making your dinner enjoyable and not quick.  Almost as soon as we ordered our food it was on our table before we got to even enjoy a cocktail and when we asked why it was so fast the guy said "it's Friday night!"Everything was delicious! We got the tofu hash, biscuits and gravy, and cheese curds. The cheese curds were my favorites, and I highly recommend them. :)Great cocktails, wine, and food! If you feel indulgent, you have to try the cheese curds! Highly recommend this place overall!Food was good especially the smoked fish board. The thing that upsets me is the hours. I was able to schedule 245 reservation and 15 min grace period, but the kitchen closes at 3pm. My entire party of 4 was rushed and made uncomfortable by the waitress who simply blamed us. She kind of attempted to tell me how kitchens work, me having a culinary degree was uninterested. If rating was simply on food and ambiance it would be 8.5 out of 10, however with that experience I don't think I will be back soon. However I'm not ruling them out for good.I know they just opened and are still figuring things out. These folks are usually successful in their restaurant ventures and this place did not stray away from that.  Finally got a reservation there and tried some fresh, local comfort food.  
The roti starter was pretty filing as well as the pole bean salad. Very tasty concoction.  Ginger juice soda balanced it all out well.
Main course:
Fried chicken- 5/5 so ridiculously tender and crispy they must be using corn flakes or something different for the batter.  The spice was just right. We wolfed it down even though we were full from apps.  This is the signature dish, get it!
Short rib Stroganoff - very nice pairing. High quality.  Lovely wide flat noodles and the short rib was melt in your mouth awesome ness.  
Desert was a big let down. Barely had space left but wanted to try the malt ball cake. It was average chocolate cake. Good cake but not as wild and exciting as the rest of the menu. Very sad. Should have tried a fruit pie. 
This place is definitely worth a visit. Cool decor and interesting people watching a bonusWonderful seasonal food and drinks. Fresh and original with an upbeat vibe. Have been back twice, this is a favorite.I enjoyed the fancy comfort food so much that I ate at Bud & Marilyn's twice in one week (with different companions).  Both times, I ordered seafood--first I tried the fabulous scallops with a side of mash potatoes--to die for.  The second evening, I had the trout.  Again, so delicious.  The house special cocktails are also terrific.  I cannot recommend only one, as I think we enjoyed all of them at least once!  The place is not quiet, but it has a great lively vibe.  A new favorite.Saturday we kicked off our Christmas shenanigans with a brunch stop at Bud & Marilyn's. It's one of our favorite places due to their outstanding comfort food. This time around the food was good...except for one thing:
My girlfriend was chewing and bit down on glass. She removed a small wad of food from her mouth and there was a fairly large hunk of glass. She also had small fragments of glass in her mouth and had to go to the bathroom to flush her mouth out. 
We told the waitress who took her plate away and sent over the manager or a manager. He said her meal would be replaced and comped and our party of 4 would get free dessert. 
My girlfriend was mildly traumatized and didn't eat much after that. We finished our meals and declined the dessert. They brought us two bowls of ice cream anyway. 
They did take off the one meal and didn't charge us for the ice cream we didn't order and barely ate. I feel like the response to actual glass being found in food they prepared was met with the most minimal of responses. 
There are tons of places to eat in Philadelphia...sadly Bud & Marilyn's will not be on our list anymoreI enjoyed my dinner at Bud and Marilyn's.  My gimlet cocktail was refreshing.  We had a few things on the menu and everything was pretty tasty.  We had the fried chicken sliders..they were good but had major kick at the end.  We also had the cheese curds which were shockingly delish..I've never been a cheese curd fan.  I had the stroganoff and it was also very good and meaty.  The noodles are homemade and they do give you a large portion of the short rib.  My husband had the fried chicken and was loving the extra crispness of it.  I would recommend Bud and Marilyn's!The address is actually the Independent Hotel on Locust, but just go around the corner and the restaurant entrance is on 13th St. Energetic vibe inside; some would say loud.  Décor reminds me of 1970's diner with retro items on the shelves behind the bar. The food was excellent.  I had the fontina and chard stuffed meatloaf with roasted carrots and peas. Portion size was just enough. The only thing I did not like about it was the "ketchupie" BBQ sauce on it. It comes with delicious mushroom gravy and the BBQ sauce interfered with the flavor of the gravy. My husband had the fried chicken. It was a huge portion with a half chicken, 2 biscuits and pickles. He loved it, including the homemade hot sauce. Service was super and the food came out fast.  It's definitely an eclectic mix of people, many who looked like they were meeting friends for drinks and dinner after work.  Lively and fun atmosphere. We would definitely go back.Had a wonderful dinner with friends after the orchestra! Would highly recommend. Had a wonderful salad and dessert!This place seems to have a lot of glowing reviews, but I definitely have a different opinion and it's almost surprising because I wanted to come here based on the reviews. 
The atmosphere of this restaurant is almost like a trendy hipster tried to create a menu based off a steakhouse and Cracker Barrel, and came up with this place. It's not necessarily a bad thing, but it's quite different. 
First, the appetizers are quite strange and almost misleading. The descriptions do them no justice as you aren't quite sure what you'll end up getting. I would NOT recommend "pork n pickles" appetizer...the 'pickles' of this dish were actually pickled vegetables, the 'warm biscuits' was one biscuit cut in half, the country pork pate was essentially cold spam, the prosciutto was a only a single slice and super fatty, and the only good thing in my opinion was the salami and the pimento.
Second, much of the menu featured items with descriptions that had random quotes around the ingredients...creating quite the confusion of what you'd actually receive. The sirloin cap steak entree - the steak itself was fine, however, there was only a smidgen of romesco under the steak and the 'loaded' mashed potatoes literally has bacon bits. Now tell me, why would a dish that costs $24 feature 'loaded' mashed potatoes with such a cheap and faux bacon topping? If you get this dish, have those bacon bits put on the side or put in the trash. 
The meatloaf entree was a little too moist for my liking, to the point where it almost could be spread over a piece of toast like hummus. It comes with carrots and peas, as well as mashed potatoes and gravy. While I'm not a fan of peas and carrots, I asked the waitress if it was possible to substitute the peas and carrots for something else. She seemed shocked that a customer would ask such a question, almost as if no one has EVER questioned anything about the menu before. She said she would see what the chef says and walked away. So as I sat there, I had no idea whether or not it could be substituted. If it was a simple no, I would have easily ordered something else, but I sat there wondering until the food came out and to my delight, I was able to get broccoli instead. 
The rest of the meal, the waitress treated us as if we were just stopping in for a drink and that was it. No compassion, no care, no actual service. She would blatantly walk by us and be extremely personable to the tables around us, but we were just mere peasants apparently. So if visit, be sure you don't ask questions about things on the menu because you'll look like you're beneath them. 
I will NOT return. It's such a shame because Little Nonna's, which is literally next door and OWNED by the same people, is such a night and day difference in service and food quality. Also it's worth noting, the happy hour and overall drink selection at Bud and Marylin's is subpar - you can find a better selection elsewhere in the same area. I'd recommend going next door and skipping this place, you'll be glad you did. 
Not the best way to spend my two-year wedding anniversary, will definitely be going somewhere else for my third!Been there for dinner and happy once each. Dinner was great but happy hour is more fun! Great deals, amazing food and good service. Come early as the bar fills fast. It's almost more fun to sit at the counter though, you get to see the crew making fun desserts and sides!After a night of copious drinking, this place is sure to hit the spot. Walking in you feel like Frank Sinatra would be sitting at the bar. It has a cool "old timey" 40's feel feel to it. Came in at 10:30a on a Saturday and beat the brunch rush that followed us shortly after. 
Be warned: this place can be VERY unhealthy. I'm usually a very healthy eater but sometimes you just have to indulge. Don't judge me based on my hangover food choices.
App: Fried cheese curds. Holy moly. Do you like mozzarella sticks? Have you always wanted to visit Guy Fieri's 'flavor town'? Enjoy both with this choice. They're gooey, moist, flavorful and savory in their tiny size. Highly recommended. 
Entree: Bucket of Fried Chicken. Now, I only eat fried chicken (besides chicken wings) maybe twice a year. So I make sure I go to well-recommended places for it. This was some of the crunchiest chicken I've ever had. Coated to perfection with crispness while being moist & juicy inside. Ate the whole half chicken (but not without a challenge since it's a considerable amount of food). Fries that came with it were also delectable by being thin and crunchy, just how I like them. 
Service: A+. Food came out very quickly. Wait staff was ultra attentive and our glasses were always full. Highly recommended for your next brunch date.Wonderful and unique brunch with a nice variety of options, especially vegetarian/vegan ones. I love the modern twist on retro and Southern dishes, which also shows in the wonderful presentation and evokes nostalgia. Prices are super reasonable too for the quality and experience.
I shared a bucket of fried chicken with my group. The pickles that accompanied it were fresh and incredibly well-seasoned, tasted like ones I've never had before. Slaw was good, as well as the fried chicken itself, but they didn't blow me away with the taste. I think it was being in a group setting, splitting Southern fried chicken that was brought to the table in a KFC-like bucket, that elevated the experience.
Everyone else's dishes, such as the shrimp po-boys and even the salads, looked tasty as well. We all cleaned off our plates :)Love this place. The breakfast was amazing.  The lemon ricotta pancakes melted in your mouth. My son had the biscuits and gravy which was mouth watering. I love eating jam with toast and they offered me their homemade preserves. Best I have ever tasted.This place is amazing! I love the fried chicken, the pu up platter was amazing and especially the short rib Kare kare. Reminds me of my mom's kare kare!This place was excellent. Try the Lakeside cocktail, the scallops and a coconut cream pie. I would go back in a heartbeat. Good location as well if you're downtown with lots of seatingAfter hearing from multiple friends to try Bud and Marilyn's, my husband and I decided to try it after receiving some good news.  Unfortunately we left pretty disappointed by the experience.  I got the cod, which was completely overwhelmed by a spicy sauce that actually left burns in my mouth.  Not to mention they managed to somehow make cod taste fishy. It was so bad my husband wouldn't even eat it and he eats everything.  He got the Nashville hot buns and a side of mashed potatoes which weren't anything special. Also, the restaurant is very loud and we found ourselves screaming at each other from across the table.  Overall, the experience was overpriced and left us wanting more.  Not sure if this has anything to do with us being from the South and it taking more than just southern cooking to impress us. It actually has to taste good.  We probably won't be back with all the other amazing restaurant options in Philly.GoodFood!  My girlfriend and I went to Bud & Marilyn's for brunch.  I had the biscuit and gravy and it was amazing.  The service was nice, but, our food took a long time to be served.  A few tables that were seated after us received their food before us.  By the time we received our food it was warm.  Thats my only ding on the place.  The atmosphere was great, I love the style of the restaurant, bathroom was clean, the staff was nice and the food was really good.  I would definitely come back and recommend this restaurant to friends.I really enjoyed this restaurant. I went with my in laws and my husband and everyone thought it was fantastic and that the atmosphere was great. 
We started with some drinks, salads and appetizers: Caesar Salad (which is not your typical caesar, very unique with fried tahini and watermelon radishes!), Wedge Salad, Steak Tartar and a special which was the mac and cheese with crispy brussel sprouts. I would say all of the appetizers were excellent with the exception of the wedge salad. This was the most disappointing item of the night as it just wasn't very flavorful. However, the mac and cheese was sophisticated and probably the best I have ever eaten (and I have eaten A LOT of mac and cheese). The steak tartar was beautiful as well. I did not love the "slush" drink that I ordered and would not recommend it.
For main dishes we had one short rib, one grilled lamb chops and two fried chickens with biscuits. I would say the fried chicken stole the show. Everything else was very good but nothing really compared to the fried chicken and biscuits which is what they are known for.
Finally, we got the brown butter apple slab pie. This was incredible. So much brown butter, sugar and really a special dish. Not your average apple pie for sure. 
Definitely will return to this one for a special occasion or date night!Came here for brunch and ordered the sakshukah, which I've always wanted to try and the Radio Days cocktail (vodka, red wine, and some other stuff). Both were great! Generous portions and great service. They also happily charged my phone for me.!my friend got the cinnamon bun, which she liked and it was huge. I want to go back and try the cheese curds and another drink!Fast service. Not impressed with the Happy Hour menu selection. Loved the cheese curds! My friend ordered the hot bun which she loved!I took my sister here for her birthday dinner recently and can't say that I'm as impressed as I was last time. Every aspect of the experience was lacking, particularly the service, which really shouldn't happen at a place with this price range. 
The hostess was not friendly (I ended up greeting her as if I was the hostess), and despite our reservation, we were not seated right away, even though we ended up getting seated at a table that had been open for about 20 mins, right next to where we were waiting. This was on a Tuesday night, and it was not particularly busy. Our server barely checked in on us. My sister ran out of sauce for her meatloaf, and we had to ask several people for more sauce until it finally came. By then, the meatloaf mashed potatoes had turned cold. We also waited a long time for our check at the end of the night. 
Food-wise, there was something off about every single item we ordered. The drinks were overly sweet. My drink - the Planter's Punch - probably contained more sugar than one should consume per day. The Crispy Cheese Curds were mostly batter, such that when we were done with it, the plate was still piled half-way with greasy beer batter crumbs. When our server saw it, she said, "Are you guys done with that? [We said "yes", to which she said] Oh, that's most people's favorite part of the dish." For some reason, I had trouble believing that people would prefer the flavorless greasy crumbs over the actual cheese part. 
For my entree, I had the Creekstone Skirt Steak, which by itself was fine, but I felt its flavor was partially ruined by an unpleasant mixture of olive/artichoke/ginger flavors, complemented by very tough pieces of artichoke. My dessert - the "Mile High" (but not actually any taller than usual) Coconut Cream Pie - was pretentious and also a turn-off. It seems they tried to be creative by making a curried sesame graham crust for it, but that combination [and I rarely say this] tasted simply disgusting. It didn't help that the "coconut" cream part tasted more waxy/starchy/corn-syrupy than creamy. I regretted following our server's recommendation in choosing this dessert. 
The only good food item we had was the Chocolate Maltball Cake, which was very moist and delicious. Even though I don't particularly love peanut butter, they put just the right amount into the frosting. However, initially, they did not put a birthday candle on my sister's dessert and even brought her the wrong item. Even before that, our sever brought out a scoop of melty vanilla ice cream with a candle on it and placed it on our table, saying she wasn't sure whose birthday it was. It was super awkward and odd that they could not figure out whether it was mine or my sister's birthday after I included this info in the reservation note; since I made the reservation, saying it's my sister's birthday, and I told them who I was, I'm pretty sure they could have figured out whose birthday it was by process of elimination if they had paid a little bit of attention.
Backtracking to the point where they brought my sister the wrong dessert, since none of the staff seemed to have it together, I had to go toward the kitchen myself and awkwardly ask the pastry person to put a candle on the cake while he was cutting it. The cake with candle finally appeared after 5-10 minutes. I still tipped generously, but this experience definitely dissuaded me from coming back. I don't think I've ever had such an expensive dining fiasco, and I felt really bad for my sister that this happened on her birthday.This place was below the boutique hotel we stayed at last weekend (The Independent).  The menu didn't really appeal to my picky husband but we stopped here after seeing Iggy Pop/Josh Homme at the Kimmel Center for a night cap.
We had a blast at the concert and were able to snag a seat at the bar.  We got a Jim Beam and coke and the Lakeside.  The Lakeside was a delicious cocktail, that's all I can remember ha ha.
It was the end of the night so the vibe was considerably winding down and mellow but I imagine it's a fun spot for snacks and appetizers and cocktails with friends.Great brunch.  We had the fried chicken and biscuits and gravy.  Superb but I had to take the spinach out of the biscuits and gravy.Awesome; the skillet bread was out of this world, and the kielbasa smoked to perfection.Really fun spot in the city.  Enjoyed the retro décor.  
Cocktail menu was very good, I enjoyed the Marilyn's Old Fashion - very refreshing.
Many in my party imbibed in the Planters Punch and were all happy!
Cheese Platter was excellent.  The selection and variety were spot on.
Try the sliders!  Lobster and Nashville were favorites.
Entrees were delicious including the fried chicken and trout.
Don't skip dessert - donuts were the perfect finish.
Thanks for a great night out in Philly Bud & Marilyn!Ok so I'm a fan of all the Turney/Safran restaurants and had tried them all except this one. I had to stop in recently and finish my rounds. While I only stopped for dessert, this place didn't disappoint. I definitely get the feel and vibe they were going with here. Retro, diner vibe.  
The server and server in training were extremely friendly and personable. They made sure to answer any questions we had. It was fairly late and the crowd had died down so it was a very relaxed environment to enjoy coffee and dessert.
We shared the sweet potato donuts, and whiskey bread pudding. Both were great but the bread pudding was outstanding!
I definitely will return soon for dinner !Holy cow was this good!!!  We ordered a friend chicken sandwich on a biscuit.  You would think the chef did nothing else but make these, it was perfect!  The biscuit was fresh and buttery golden brown.  Chicken was so crispy it crunched... A little slaw and pickles!  Home run.  Atmosphere is awesome, looks very dated on purpose, super cute!What can I say? Fantastic!!!!!! I went to there to celebrate my co-workers Bthday. The food is amazing. We have a group of 8, well.. Couldn't find a seat for everybody but doesn't matter. If you taste the food, you'll forgive this. Everything is perfect! Presentation and quality of the food is great! Def. recommend everyone to go there. Won't disappointed.I've been in philly a while and recently have heard raving reviews about this place. Honestly I didn't think it would live up to the hype but it did! The service was impeccable. Our server was attentive, very friendly and always had a smile on his face. They were busy so our group had bar seating right where some of the food prep occurs. It was so intriguing to watch some of the meals being prepared. 
As for the food, we tried as many menu items as our stomach could contain. For appetizers we got the cheese curds, the tear and share bread and the Nashville hot buns. The cheese curds were unbelievably light and airy with a light crisp fried outer layer. You must get these! The tear and share bread was a circular loaf cut partially sliced making it easy to rip. It was baked with lots of garlic, butter and ham bits and came with an amazing dipping side. The Nashville hot buns are a staple here. The layers of flavor from the perfectly fried chicken to the coleslaw and homemade pickles were perfect. 
As for entrees, we got the wedge salad (so uniquely made, not only the best wedge salad I've tried but it's topped with onion rings so come on!), the Marilyns fried chicken (their classic with a crust bursting with flavor), and the special of the lamb ravioli. Not to continue to boast but this chef knows how to layer flavors and textures. Everything was divine. I can't imagine any dish being bad here. Definitely a go to spot in the city.This is a loud place, if you are into loud.  somewhat rude service, not greatly rude, but not great.  Food was innovative, and is a reason to come.   decor was 1950's and 1960's, which was cool by the bathroom, but less noticable at the table. Finally, the busboy was deeply rude. when reported the response was somewhat confusing.  I had noted that they had taken away an unfinished drink so they got me an unfinished drink.  Snarky?  fair?  presented with a plop on the table and a 'so here' remark. so I'm going with snarky. 
come here for the food, not the service. bring your own glass, they run out and need 'em back!Went for brunch during weekend visit to Philly. Selected based on proximity to hotel and no wait to be seated. Nice ambiance. At our server's recommendation tried the crispy cheese curds, yum. Grapefruit Mimosa was a nice twist on typical brunch cocktail. Enjoyed carmalized apple French toast & truck stop special dish.I am not the typical customer when it comes to this retro comfort food place in Philly's best neighborhood (I am biased). Most people will come in for an excellent dinner (seems like a good date spot), with the ambience that feels a little bit like your grandmother's home from the 50's that never got remodeled (but done that way on purpose), and part hipster bar. I tend to come in a little later after the dinner crowd has started to move on, and then I can usually find a couple of seats at the bar and enjoy a very tasty Manhattan. They have a nice selection of bourbons and ryes, depending on your preference...and if you need a little nourishment, the cheese curds and chicken sliders are amazing. I go for the smaller bites since I am usually just hanging out at the bar - but you can't go wrong with a complete dinner if you want it. The bar staff is solid, and very attentive. This could become a regular spot for me.Best. Biscuits. Ever. 
I am obsessed with the biscuits here that are served with a honey butter. It's flaky, buttery, moist, slightly sweet and salty at the same time, and just plain delicious. With a bit of the honey butter, just heaven.
The curry that came with the Roti was good, but I was not crazy about the roti itself. I was with an Indian friend when I ordered this, and she agreed with me it was overcooked. When we asked for it to be less crispy, then it came out limp and greasy, not quite done. Also, I find most of their dishes a bit too buttery/creamy and slightly too spiced for me. 
The rest of the food is generally quite good, including the grilled heirloom carrot salad, sauteed local greens, and the funfetti cake. The fried chicken was good too, but that would not be what I would come here for.
The service is overall decent but lack just a bit of polish compared to other similar restaurants. However, the fun atmosphere and food makes a worthy visit.Came back for some cocktails and an early dinner and had a great time! I had a couple of the Planters Punches, which come in a cool glass tiki head mug, and my husband had the Grand flamingo, which although it was hot pink and maybe not the manliest looking drink, it was citrusy and delicious. Both seemed to transport us to somewhere warm, sunny and tropical, when we were really sitting in Philadelphia on a chilly gloomy day. To continue our tropical vibe we shared the pu pu platter which was a delicious assortment of pacific island style rubs, chicken wings, tuna poke, beef satay, grilled peppers, and toast. Next we had the lobster bun, which is a yummy slider-style lobster roll on a buttery bun filled with chunks of lobster, celery, and green apple tossed in a little mayo. Yum!!  Since we always spring for the cheese curds appetizer and the Kentucky hot buns, we wanted to try something new and we're glad we did! Bud and Marilyn's is a great place to take anyone. Their menu is accessible for the less adventurous or the fine diner as many of their menu items are things you've heard of or tried before, but elevated to the next level. Check it out!We were excited to dine here and it did not disappoint.  
The mid-century modern decor was adorable, the service was just right and the lighting was dim making for a festive, intimate vibe--just what you want for a birthday, kid-free, date night.
The flavors, quantity and preparation of everything we ordered was amazing.  One highlight was the grilled heirloom carrot dish (was a surprise favorite of my meat & potatoes-loving husband!).Great food and cocktails! I split a pupu platter for dinner and it was plenty! The ribs on the platter just melted in your mouth. They were so full of flavor. Everything about that dish was on point! The cocktails are huge and well worth the price! I try to stop by every time I'm in Philly!My brunch buddy and I were actually headed to another establishment that didn't take reservations but the line was WAY too long and I was starving. This place was literally across the street...like a mirage. lol. 
It was early. I needed coffee. This place made an unexpectedly great latte. After I had my coffee fix, I needed alcohol. I tried the Marilyn brandy blood orange...was ok. 
There wasn't much of a pancake selection just the lemon ricotta I believe, but there were 2 kinds of French toast. I always appreciate the places that try to wrk with you and make the customer happy. I asked server if one of the French toast flavors could be done as pancake instead...no dice so I opted for the burger. Very filling. They definitely don't skimp on the food...or the amount you get in your cocktail. 
I must say, the Service was great. Very quick which I always appreciate. I might go back to try another cocktail one of these days.The brass bar for feet at the bar is too low. I'm 5'5" and my feet were swinging like a child. Incredibly uncomfortable way to have to sit.This was hands down one of the best restaurants I've ever been to. The decor, the service, the food, the cocktails - everything was amazing. 
Reminiscent of a classic home from the 70s, the atmosphere was totally quirky, unique and cozy, with tons of different places to sit and interesting decorations all over the place. Although it was a bit crowded, noisy and dark, I think that helped add to the intimate, one-of-a-kind experience. My waiter was friendly and attentive (he must have filled up my water glass 10 times) but not annoying.
The menu was extensive and varied, with lots of different international influences. First we ordered the beet and nectarine salad, which was colorful and delicious. Accompanied by creamy burrata cheese, tangy grapefruit and crunchy almonds, all the different elements in the dish went together perfectly. 
For our main course, both the scallops and the meatloaf were presented beautifully. My scallops were flawlessly seared and melted in my mouth, and the corn cakes were crispy and soft at the same time. There was the perfect ratio of corn cakes to scallops to succotash to sauce, so every last bite was balanced. My aunt's cocktail, a refreshing slushie with watermelon, lime, basil and gin, was sweet but not too sweet, strong but not overpowering. One of the tastiest cocktails I've ever tried.
I will definitely be coming back here!Hip restaurant. Love the decor. Went here for dinner with the family and then lunch with a friend the same week Service was great both times. We had the fried chicken, skirt steak and birthday cake for dinner. Totally do the birthday cake for dessert - that berry sauce on the dessert plate is amazing - next time, I might just ask for extra on the side. Yum. For lunch, my friend had the fried chicken. I had the B&M Cobb salad which was really a nice, unique, and refreshing spin on the cobb salad. Highly recommend.Bud and Marilyn's is one of my go to restaurants.  They offer gourmet twists on your typical comfort food.  I highly recommend their meatloaf, Nashville hot buns, wedge salad, and cheese curds like my fellow yelpers.  But, I have to tell you- their mile high coconut cream pie will change your life.  Sesame curried graham crust + sweet and creamy coconut goodness = a mile high trip to heaven.
Also, whenever I visit this super cool retro restaurant I feel like I just walked off the set of Mad Men or time hopped from the 1960s and I wouldn't want it any other way.Came here for brunch.  I got the Nashville chicken biscuit sandwich.  I swear I ate half the chicken and the dish still looked like it had been untouched.  The portions are ginormous.  I thought it was kind of salty.  My husband got the Ohio truck stop and enjoyed it.  The service was good.  The place is deafeningly loud.  This place is a good alternative to Green Eggs which has a more homey atmosphere but doesn't take reservations and tends to have long lines.Delicious! 
The cheese curds were as good as people say they are. Light, crispy batter on the outside, not-too-chewy cheese on the inside, and two great sauces. 
The mussels and sausage appetizer ($14) was my entree, and I couldn't finish it! The mussels were small so they were tender, and the garlic bread was great!
My friends loved their cocktails and their dinners. They had the chicken (three big pieces) and the steak with potatoes, respectively. The snickers cake was huge (the three of us shared it) and so good!! Chewy caramel, marshmallow, dark chocolate...heaven.
We definitely enjoyed our dinner here.Came here with my boyfriend late on a Thursday night and was shocked to see it so crowded still!  We loved the atmosphere as soon as we came in- dark, old-timey but upscale feel. I ordered the Nashville hot buns which was a smaller plate but just the right amount for me! The chicken was perfectly crispy and the flavor of the other toppings were perfect with it.  My boyfriend got the kielbasa which was also delicious and he finished every bite (I'm pretty sure "NO SURVIVORS" is our eating motto).  Can't wait to come back again and try everything else on the menu!I will start by saying the first thing we noticed when we walked in was how dim the lighting is. You can hardly see the menu and the food. I had to use the flashlight on my phone to get a good look at the dishes. That is a shame because the dishes looked great under the flash light. 
     The Crispy cheese curds are amazing, I   would go back just to eat them.  Everything was perfect about them, the flavor, texture and dipping sauces.                                
     The pu pu platter was good but we had higher hopes. The chicken wings were Luke warm and not very crispy. The shrimp/pork toast was lacking shrimp/pork but tasted okay. The ribs were tasty and tender. Tuna tartar was very good while the beef skewers were flavorful but on the chewy side. 
     Lastly, the short rib stroganoff was good but not what we were expecting. I know it was supposed to be more of a modem version of the dish but it didn't have enough of the "comfort food" qualities to it. 
    Overall, I gave this place 3 stars but I could see it improving to 4 when we go back and try some other dishes. I want to try the fried chicken, meatloaf, scallops and some of the veggies dishes. The cake is also supposed to be very good. I doubt they will do anything about the lighting but as long as we enjoy the food i can deal with it.I had pretty high expectations for Bud & Marilyn's and I definitely wasn't disappointed. I stopped by for lunch with a friend this week and was amazed at how packed it was around noon. Next time I'll make a reservation so that we can get an actual table, but counter seats worked just fine. The decor is amazing and so well-executed. The bar is beautiful and most the furniture I would love to have in my living room! 
Service was fantastic- quick and friendly! We both ordered non-alcoholic "cocktails" (I had to go back to work) and they were delicious and well-thought out. There were so many things on the menu that I wanted to try (cheese curds!), but we each ended up with a sandwich and fries. We could also watch the chef making salads right in front of us, which was fun. The food was delicious and left a good portion to be boxed up for later. I would like to come back for dinner and a drink!Many moons ago, I had a chicken biscuit breakfast sandwich at a popular fast food restaurant and was blown away that chicken could taste so good so early. Soon thereafter I learned about the Bud & Marilyn's version and I knew I had to try it. It was absolutely incredible. The combination of the warm, delicate biscuit on the outside along with the flavors of the sauces on top of the chicken was perfect. The added texture from the cabbage adds a nice element. It's definitely worth the hype and worth making a reservation for. My buddy got the yogurt bowl and he too was quite pleased with the freshness of the ingredients. The pricing is reasonable for a brunch place, but make a reservation as it's always packed. Next time, I'm going to try the cinnamon buns, which I hear are very delicious.My first time at one of the Marcie Turney restaurants and it was a rather enjoyable experience. The crooks tone steak was very flavorful, cook to perfection, and highly recommended. My fried chicken on the other hand was lacking. I saw the presentation from other customers and was excited to see their interpretation of southern fried chicken. The presentation definitely preceded the taste. There wasn't any favors that I could distinguish. That would not be a musteat for me. Also, their cocktails, I understand that certain drinks need a certain amount of ice, but please go easy on the ice, it just drowns the flavors of the cocktail. Overall, it was enjoyable but there's always room for improvement.The food is really great, but the menu isn't anything exceptional or particularly unique. The prices are quite high, but the quality is great. I would go here again, maybe at a less busy time (I went around dinner time on a Saturday, and it was completely packed. Waited about 20 minutes to sit at the bar). Make sure you call ahead if you'd like to sit at a table.Went there for lunch. I liked the ambience of this place, and it's a relatively "big" restaurant comparing to some other tiny center city restaurants. 
The food was fantastic. The Nashville hot bun was spicy and tasty, will order it again next time. I had Pastrami patty melt, it came in a big portion. The sandwich was soooo good, it had lots of flavor and cooked just right. 
For the service, our server was very nice and attentive. My friend and I were well taken care of.
I will definitely go back for dinner and their drinks!We came here this summer because Bud & Marilyn's serves one of the few Frośes you can find in Philadelphia! (we visited four places and Assembly was the very best one!) this place is a bit pricey but the food and drinks were out of this world! They had a very fun menu with a lot of things you don't see a normal restaurant. Towards the back you can sit at a "diner" style table and watch the cooks and the sous chefs at work. It's quite fascinating! We only got an appetizer, but I think I would love to come back for a full dinner. The decorations are a mix of 70s retro with dark classic Philly pub style lighting and seating, very cool! Before you order dessert, head to the back towards the "diner" area and take a look at their cakes they have on display (just like an old fashion diner!)Always an excellent choice for a supper. We came here to celebrate my friends 30th birthday and it did not disappoint.
We arrived a little early so we went to the bar and the knowledgeable bartender was able to make excellent recommendations. But we quickly made friends with the couple sitting next to us and they advised a summery combination of Hendricks gin grapefruit juice and cucumber.
They squeeze their juices in house so drinks did not disappoint. I think however maybe a spice of St. Germain's elderflower liquor would have been good in there as well.
For our choices we had the crispy curried squash blossoms: sheep's milk ricotta, cumin yogurt cucumber pickled farm tomatoes grilled squash charred corn basil. An excellent start to a meal. The squash was soft and cooked just right. The yogurt provided a bit of sweetness and the vegetables added flavor.
We also had the cheese and crackers plate which had very nice pairings. They were:
Rogue smoky blue plus hazelnut honey (cows milk)
Landaff cheddar plus seasonal jam (raw cows milk)
Kunik + berry jam (mixed goat and cow)
Walnut goat cheese ball + basil pesto (goats milk): molasses Pecan cracker seed cracker toasted brioche
The goat cheese ball was by far my favorite. Nice sweet creamy cheese with some lovely crackers.
The main course for me was a sweet tea brined duric Porkchop morita Chile mop sauce Castle Valley grits pickled cherries. For me I thought the cherry flavor was a little strong and somewhat overpowered the other elements.
Desert consisted of a huge piece of cake for my friend who got the funfetti cake for his birthday. We got a chocolate and peanut butter ball cake. Both slices were equally gigantic and by gigantic I mean the size of a large dinner plate.
Overall a nice restaurant and would definitely eat there again. This was actually my second time there. Dinner for two including drinks can be expected to run about 150 including tip.I don't have any self control so I have been here 6 or 7 times already.  Seriously, It's so good! Things you HAVE to try at some point: the cheese curds, pu pu platter, chop suey and any of their hot buns. 
Reservations recommended here while this is still new to the neighborhood.One star for manger yelling and using the F bomb on a young lady who seemed to do nothing wrong. In town for the pope and was referred by friends. If my food was not ordered I would have walked out. Asked my server is that normal....for him yes..I visit Philly next month again and will call the owners.....more than likely will not patronaize this place or the other restaraunts that they own... friend s that live there were appauled.Best.brunch.EVER 
Had apple hazelnut French toast and it was ridiculously amazing.
!!!!!!!!I really wanted to a be huge fan of this place based on all of the good reviews, but the one time I went just didn't live up to the hype. I will say tho, the cheese curds are everything you could ever dream of. 
But that's about as good as it got for me. I tried their fried chicken only to be disappointed at the amount of grease it had, and just it was overall underwhelming. You could attribute my poor dining experience to lack of research, but a quick skim of everyone's favorites pointed at these two dishes (the cheese curds and the fried chicken) and only one of them really lived up to the hype. 
Both dishes were sufficiently filling, and service was excellent. However, I wouldn't venture out here again because of the price.Everything about our experience was 5 stars. The decor of the interior was enjoyable with little details that caught your eye here and there. The service was quick and extremely friendly. Our server, Olivia, was extremely attentive, and kept a good eye on our table.  The kitchen and bar were extremely quick, but not rushed with a packed restaurant. Portion sizes were perfect as well. I'd recommend the fried chicken if you're visiting for the first time. However, the entire menu looked appetizing.Being a solo diner without a reservation during the brunch crush, I was denied a booth- my options were the bar counter or the open kitchen counter. As the open kitchen's seating looked comfier, I opted to sit there. It was magical! The four chefs in front of me worked in fast motion with a minimum of verbiage and maximum concentration. Each dish was prepared with intensity, grace and care with details arranged to present the best looking food possible. Watching their speedy, extremely coordinated interactions was a delight. Bonus: sitting at this counter meant my Chilquiles Verdes was whisked to me seconds after it hit the dish. Ecstasy! Joy! Crazy delicious, best brunch dish ever. My waitress tells me the Bennie is even better, but how can this be so? Full disclosure- I had driven in from New York and can confirm I've never had a brunch dish this amazing anywhere in New York!Unbelievable Cobb Salad. Everything was so crisp and fresh. Very tasty. Good service.Visited this place twice and the food was great both times. Service was friendly. Tip: always make a reservation.Came here for my birthday, and it's in a great location and it has a great chilled atmosphere. I got the fried chicken and tried the world famous funfetti cake. The taste is alright but nothing intrigued me other than the presentation. I didn't fall to the ground and say mmmm that was good. I ate the chicken and said that was pretty good. But 20 something dollar fried chicken has to taste way better. Expensive food is basically what I'm getting at. That's allDelicious brunch! Great service. The cheese curds were awesome! Shrimp Po Boy Benedict was excellent. Funfetti cake, cinnamon roll...delicious. Really dig the decor. A lot of thought and detail went into the interior design and it makes for a great atmosphere. We'll be back!Went to bud and Marilyn's for Brunch. We both has the slushy of the day which was vodka lemonade basil and it was delish and served in cute mugs.
My husband got the Nashville hot chicken biscuit, I had Food ordering regret as soon as I saw his plate. The chicken was juicy and the heat didn't hit you until after you were done eating your bite. The biscuit was perfectly cooked and serviced with shoe string fries 
I got the Ohio truck stuff plate. I had a different vision In my head of what that was going to look like vs what came out. The sausage was delish, my eggs were cooked over med when I asked for over easy. I added the hash browns which were good. I'm just glad my husband was willing to share 
Our server was attentive and answered all our questions.I've been wanting to try this place for a while and it definitely did not disappoint. We had the cheese curds, Nashville Hot Buns and the Pork Belly Buns. All were phenomenal. The pork belly buns were spicy but delicious. For dessert we did the banana cream pie and the chocolate malt cake. Both were amazing. Neither were overly sweet, and had crunchy salty element. 
The vibe was very low key. With an open kitchen, you can see all of what's being made, and I love that! We sat near the dessert bar and got to watch them making apps and desserts. Totally awesome. 
Cannot wait to return and have an actual entree!Excellent! I loved everything I had to eat, the server was fantastic and the atmosphere was very comfortable. I felt like I was in a country home it was so cozy and mellow. I shared the meatloaf and it was to die for. We also de died to order the pu pu platter as an appetizer. Wow that was good but be prepared to be pretty full after sharing this appetizer. The portions were very ample but not obscene. I highly recommend this jewel of a restaurant.A solid dining experience was had by me and my friend last night. We had a 6:30 reservation but arrived a little late due to parking struggles. We ended up parking across from the restaurant but I got a ticket due to a MeterUp mistake (Philly please work out the kinks). I digress...we were seated in middle of the restaurant in an awkward location. We didn't love the seats but it was so crowded we didn't want to wait for something else to open. We ordered Wiley Coyote non alcoholic drinks, which were very refreshing. We also ordered the hot buns, pretzel, and the pu pu platter. The hot buns and pretzel were really good and filling. My friend ordered her chicken hot buns without the slaw on top, which may have been a mistake since its coolness helps offset the heat of the chicken. We ordered the pu pu platter minus the poke. It also comes with wings, ribs and steak. The steak was phenomenal. I wasn't sure why the peanuts were added to the ribs but the ribs themselves were great as were the wings. I didn't enjoy the pork and shrimp toast. Our server was on point; she was attentive and friendly. Next time I'm there I'll order a more substantial entree and the funfetti cake. It sure looked good going by.This place is great. The food is delicious, really top notch, and the service is excellent. I have been here three times in the last two years, and every time it has been 5/5. Do yourself a favor and get the Pu Pu Platter. Wow!Loved the food, will never return because of the manager. 
My friend and I arrived tonight ten minutes early for a 5:00PM reservation. Upon entering the restaurant, I gave the hostess my name and party size. As she was about to say something to me, a man came over and said that they don't open until 5:00. I said "ok, I understand if we need to wait until our reservation time to be seated." My friend asked if we could be seated at the bar. The man (manager?) said "no you can't. The doors should be locked." I looked around asking why there were people seated eating and he replied that they were left over from lunch. I said that we could just wait in the front of the restaurant. He told us we needed to leave. Keep in mind that it was under 20 degrees outside. That's bordering on inhumane. What bothered me most it was not what he said so much as the tone he in which he said it. Tone can be the difference between war and peace. Don't think your tone goes unnoticed. 
Aside from the tone, the policy puzzled us. I have never been asked by a restaurant to leave when I've arrived only a few minutes early for a reservation and certainly could never imagine asking someone to go outside when its bone-chilling cold. In fact, most restaurants are very happy to have people arrive slightly early because otherwise all 5:00PM reservations will arrive at the same time, clogging the front of the restaurant.  
In my business, on time is late, and early is on time. I'm sorry that this man did not value the business of the customer. I loved the food but I will not return simply because of his lack of compassion and his demeanor when interacting with customers.Service - 5 stars
Atmosphere - 5 stars
Food - 2 stars
I was really excited about going here but was totally let down  by the food.  We ordered the cheese curds, ham croquettes, pork buns, fried chicken, and meatloaf.  Everything was REALLY salty, so much so that it was not enjoyable at all.  I generally think people who leave bad reviews are blowhard jerks but I would have liked to know this before I went.Came here for dinner recently, first thing I noticed was the diverse menu, from Vietnamese liver pate to shrimp po boys, their dishes are inspired by many different cuisines. While this made me skeptical at first, I am skeptical of chefs that undertake too many styles, after my meal I was quickly put at ease. The dish I ordered, the roasted trout, was perfectly crafted, the nutty flavor of the barley side dish melding well with the fish. The drinks are quality as well. I definitely want to go back and try other items on the menu because I am so impressed by the care the chefs as well as the waitress put into every detail which enhanced my overall dining experience.I've lived down the street for a couple months now and FINALLY got the chance to stop in. Everything was amazing from the food to the service. Our server David was attentive and knowledgable. Probably the best service I've had in the city yet. If you go order the steak tartare!!!!!My family and I hit up Bud and Marilyn's before heading over to the Wells Fargo Center to catch a 76er's game.  We made early (5:00) reservations and were seated promptly just after the doors opened.  Our waitress was friendly and and greeted us warmly while explaining that the dishes would come out as they were prepared and were meant to be shared.  I LOVE restaurants that serve in this loose style and it was definitely a plus here.  We ordered our drinks; a Sloe Gin Fizz for me, water for my wife (served in a large "Grolsch Top" bottle and a couple of Wile E Coyote "bar drinks" for my sons.  The kids drink is very well prepared,  with a mix of raspberry, lemon and ginger ale, as was my Sloe Gin Fizz.  The mixologist at the bar appears to be skilled and there were a bevy of interesting cocktails on the menu.  
For appetizers we chose the Crispy Cheese Curds that came with a smoked guajillo chile salsa that I really enjoyed and a burnt scallion ranch that the kids devoured.  The cheese curds were crisp with a creamy interior.  These are not the rubbery stiff cheese curds you might have had at your local chain restaurant.  We also ordered the Nashville Hot Buns and the Shrimp Buns.  Both of these items are a must order.  The shrimp was properly cooked and nestled into a fresh, fluffy, buttered and toasted bun with fresh "slaw" that was slightly acidic piled on top.  The Nashville used the same bun filled with "hot" fried chicken, ranch, pickles and slaw on top.   You get two buns with an order but I wish it came with ten!
For the entrees we ordered Marilyn's Fried Chicken (the same from the previously mentioned bun), the Fontina and Chard Stuffed Meatloaf and the Bone in Short Rib that was on the SPECIALS Menu.  The chicken was fried of course without being greasy.  It was relatively moist but could have been more so.  It was served with a house made hot sauce that is not overly spicy but is very flavorful and really added to my enjoyment of the chicken.  The side of zucchini pickles that comes with this dish are amazing and I wish I had a barrel of them here at home.
My wife loved the Short Rib.  I am not a huge short rib fan so I am not going to comment about it too much but I will say that it was expertly cooked and very very tender.  I did LOVE the side dish of heirloom carrots it was served with.  
I can't believe I am going to say this but the star of the entrees was the Fontina and Chard Stuffed Meatloaf.  I have never ever ordered meatloaf at a restaurant before and I didn't order it this time.  My son asked for it and I am glad he did.  The meat is substantial without being overly dense as the kitchen hasn't overly handled it during preparation.  The middle is layered with a smooth Fontina cheese which sits atop a layer of Chard.  Truly simple and truly genius.  The side of Mashed is a welcome addition that contains small pieces of potato left "unmashed" and a good helping of skins which I really like.
For desert we had the Funfetti Cake, Chocolate Maltball Cake and the Bourbon Bread Pudding.  Now I am very picky when it comes to cake so I won't comment too much other than to say the cakes were moist and freshly made and my boys really enjoyed them.  The Bourbon Bread Pudding is simply one of the best bread pudding desserts I have ever had.  If you are a fan of bread pudding this rendition will not disappoint!Beet, kale and chard greens in coconut curried perfection. Coconut custard pie is a must share at the end of the meal.My burger was cooked to death to the point of being totally inedible. Then the waiter from the next table elbowed me really hard in the back of the head and barely apologized, instead telling me "I backed into his elbow". This is obviously completely unacceptable and I will not be coming back and neither should anyone else.Great restaurant. Unique dinner dishes with exceptional flavor. Definitely try some of the shareable appetizers - the cheese dish was excellent. We ordered the trout and short rib burgundy - both perfectly prepared - very good. Ordered the funfetti cake for dessert - perfect to share because the piece is very large. Great restaurant, great service with wonderful ambiance.Amazing food & staff.  Love taking friends and dates here.  Beautiful...One of my all time favorite restaurants in Philly. I will go to Bud's for brunch, dinner, or just for curds and cake at the bar. The Cheese curds are an absolute must, and I love the mushroom grits ( underrated). The staff are very friendly and prompt with their service. They also have vegan options, which my friend was very pleased with ( staff was very helpful with answering to diet specific questions). Bud's will always be a go to, and so far have not been near to disappointing!Went with the fam before going to watch stomp at the Merriam theater. Food was fabulous. We had the pretzel rolls and fried cheese curds as apps. Both were amazing. I had their fish fry special (fish and chips). It was done very well. Batter was crispy, fish was flaky, and dish was not greasy which can happen with fish and chips. We also had grilled chicken, meatloaf, and fried chicken. All were excellent. Biscuits that came with the fried chicken were delicious. I would highly recommend and look forward to going back.THE FROSE!!!! Super cute bar in a super cute neighborhood. Wish I was there right now!I am picky about fried chicken .. this was so delicious might be in my top three ever . Roscoes chicken and waffles in Los Angeles and les sisters are prime competition . Biscuits are yummy and the wedge salad was perfect .Delicious food and drinks!! The cheese curds , fried chicken, coconut pie all unreal!! Fun environment , loud yes, but lively and where you wanna be!Wednesday after work, mid-December - it is a completely full house, other than some space at the counter.
The happy our deals were decent; the service was lacking. Maybe it was because we were stuffed in the back corner counter of a jumpin' happy hour, but our server was running laps around us without stopping. When she did stop by to drop off fairly-priced bites of hot chicken and beer sausage, our small crowd was very pleased. The cheese curds were also popular.
I would like to sit at an actual table and see how that experience is. From what we sampled, we concluded the food is no joke; but the overall experience would have been better at a proper table.The wait staff was pleasantly accommodating when we asked to move from the 'dining room' to the bar to take advantage of the happy hour menu. The hh menu is small. The cheese curds are amazing (literally scooping the breading crumbs out of the dish). The vibe is chill. They know how to make good cocktails. Our waitress was very nice. I'll be back!We walked in right at 10 am on Sunday for Brunch.  Reservations were needed, but we were able to sit at the counter and had an awesome meal.
Cinnamon bun was out of this world.  All 4 of our meals were spectacular and the servings were huge.
I would recommend to anyone who thinks on going!Had a lovely dining experience here with my favorite person in the world.. my mom.  We came here on a VERY cold Monday evening, hitting the beginning of Restaurant Week.  We arrived early.. so we had to wait for our table, but once we were seated, we totally enjoyed our experience.  The food was great,.. the  hot buns, the parnsip and farro salad.  My mom had nothing to say to me as she thoroughly enjoyed her meatloaf entree!  She loved it!  My salmon dish was cooked perfectly.   Dessert was the whisky bread pudding and the apple pie.  The service was great, very attentive.
I'd come back here again... my mom wants to also! Ha...I just moved in down the block and have been looking for my after-work-glass of vino spot. This is it! Their HH is awesome - I tried the Brat Bun & Nashville Hot Bun - both mouth watering. Would've had the rest of the menu if I didn't have a dinner later that night. I've sat at the bar solo both times there and didn't feel overwhelmed at all!Been here multiple times, always good stuff. Get the Nashville Chicken Buns and/or the cheese curds!!Great service, incredible food, and a nice retro feel to the space. All around amazing experience!We came to Bud and Marilyn's for the first time while looking for a place to have dinner. We had the lobster buns, pesto ravioli and the trout. As for the food, the trout was good but not great, it had very nice presentation and it was a generous portion. The pesto ravioli was just Ok but it also was a generous portion. The lobster buns were pretty good. I wasn't too crazy about their cocktails either but for some reason I am still giving this place 4 stars, in part because of the food, but mostly because of the ambiance which I did enjoy. It's not too dressy or too casual, nicely decorated and service was good. We didn't get to tray their desserts but they looked amazing.Tired of seeing chains in downtown Philadelphia, my husband and I, visiting from AZ, were told we could find good local restaurants on 13th st., so started our jaunt from the Marriott Downtown Phillie. Lots of cool bar places, with small plates, but were looking for full on dinner. Literally stumbled onto Bud & Marilyn's and felt I had fallen in love sumptuously.  Nice attentive service, wonderful and diverse menu. 
Hubs had the grilled flat chicken, I had the recommended meat loaf even though I knew it would be heavy, it sounded divine. It was. Scrumptious kale in the perfectly done meatloaf with melted cheese hidden below. Perfectly done and flavorful baby multicolored carrots. Mashed potatoes swirled on the plate like whipped cream. Amazing mushroom gravy on the side. When I stuck my fork into the yukons, melted butter gushed out of the bottom like a molten explosion! 
There were so many surprising flavors, textures, mixed with the perfect temperatures, I totally forgot the high noise level in the restaurant - it simply went away as I fell into the sumptuous flavors.
If I lived here, this would be my favorite restaurant, bar none.  Thank you chefs and see you next time!!I got food poisoning from this restaurant last night. Will not be returning under any circumstances.We just ate there this evening. We both had the scallops and they were fabulous. I would consider this dish the best scallops I've ever had. Laying on a bed of roasted corn, asparagus with Johnny cakes with a wonderful sauce.Prior to coming here, we made a reservation for 6pm. We were seated and brought water immediately. We ended up ordering the pupu platter, Nashville hot chicken buns, and grilled skirt steak.
1. Nashville hot buns: this was a good dish to start with. It was flavorful but also dripping with oil so I would rate it a 4/5
2. Pupu platter: The steak wrapped in lettuce acted as a good balance to the dense, well-flavored meat. The meatballs were also very good and well flavored. The toasted bread was good but nothing special. The fried chicken nuggets were also good yet nothing too special. The shrimp salad had a nice citrus flavor which cut back on the saltiness of the other dishes. Also 4/5
3. Grilled skirt steak: I don't have much to say on this dish. It wasn't a tender, melts in your mouth type of steak but it wasn't bad. Due to the nice flavor, I would give it a 3.5/5
4. Peanut butter malt ball cake: If you could come here and only get one thing from this restaurant, it would be this cake because it LITERALLY, took the cake. This was hands out the best cake I have ever tried and the most memorable dish of the night. Initially, the description made it sound really sweet but after that first bite, I was hooked. The chocolate cake and peanut butter cream paired so well together in a way that made you want to go back for more. It wasn't overly sweet or overly dense and it was a HUGE slice. This cake exceeded all my expectations and I'm still drooling thinking about this cake. PLEASE GET THIS 5/5Myself and several co-workers came here on a Sunday night after finding it on yelp. We were coming in from out of town for a convention. As a group of 4 we were seated quickly, despite not making a reservation. The restaurant was packed though and this was around 8pm, so I believe fellow reviewers who say to come early. 
Our waitress recommended we do things family style as the dishes would be delivered at different times so it might be smart to make decisions as a group. Our group tried the 3/4 salads on the menu, the frybread (YES. Best decision we made of the night), the sirloin, the scallops, and the pork chops. All of them were very tasty with elegantly arranged sides which were focused on seasonal flavors. 
Would gladly come back here with a group while visiting in the future.I have now had the opportunity to dine here twice...once for cocktails and apps in the evening and the other for brunch. 
During the evening, I ended up having a beer on tap and the Nashville Hot Buns. I mean, how can you mess up a draft beer...so all was focused on the chicken sandwiches. That focus quickly turned into amazement! The chicken was crisp, yet juicy and the bread was fluffy with the pickles being crunchy and not enough to soak into the bread. Overall, it was a magical moment for me. 
On my brunch trip here, I bellied up to the bar as it was just myself. The bartender was quick to acknowledge me and was great the rest of my service there. I decided on the grapefruit mimosa and the biscuit and gravy. To start, I am a fella from Georgia, so my thoughts on what "biscuits and gravy" is probably different than the average Philadelphian. I ended up ordering the meal minus the chard, so it featured gravy, biscuits, ham and cheese. Overall, it was great. The taste was excellent the portion, sided with potatoes cooked with peppers and onions was great. Personally, I wish it would have featured more gravy, but I was not in Atlanta anymore, so accepted their twist on the meal and scarfed it down. 
Overall, I have been impressed and happy each time I have visited Bud & Marilyn's. I will most certainly recommend and return when in Center City!I haven't lived in Philly for more than a decade so I'm out of the loop when it comes to what's hip and what's not. But based on the vibe of this place and the menu, I decided it would be a smart choice for a post half-marathon/birthday brunch that was both sophisticated enough (not just scrambled eggs) and kid-friendly (ok, so maybe scrambled eggs). Bud and Marilyn's delivered on so many levels.
The first thing you notice is the decor. Who would have thunk that '70s basement would be such a comforting and aesthetically appealing design motif? More upper middle class '70s than porn kitsch. The light fixtures, upholstery, wall paper, bar stools are all spot on. The bathrooms are a must-see for their doors, bookshelves and ashtrays. Even the signs asking employees to wash their hands before returning to work are the same as old school, office door name plates. Just really thoughtful design.
The menu is focused but offers enough variety that diners feel like there are ample choices. It's not the typical brunch menu, though. Yes, there are plenty of egg dishes on the menu but it's not a dozen variations on eggs benny. And if you are having trouble making a choice, spy on your neighbor's order (I almost ordered their sticky bun for this reason).
I went with the bucket of fried chicken and my wife ordered the shakshuka. Both were phenomenal. The chicken was juicy, flavorful, crispy without being over breaded or greasy. The accompanying fries were plentiful without being overwhelming. The slaw was a knockout - crisp and hinting of Viet influence. Delicious. The shakshuka - I'm still thinking about. Deep, luscious flavors and the fried potato cakes were just the right starch to scoop up with the rich sauce. 
The drinks - I could easily sit at the bar for an entire day going through the cocktail menu. Because I was eating fried chicken, I enjoyed a cold Yard's brew.
So why not a perfect score? Some other Yelpers mentioned it - service. While our party of 8 was seated on time, our server took a good long while before taking our order. How long? Well, we got our drink orders in but it would not be for another 15 minutes that we would get our food orders in. I went ahead and added another hour to the meter just to make sure that I wouldn't get ticketed or have to rush through brunch. It wasn't snooty or indifferent, but slightly aloof and inefficient.
Overall, a wonderful brunch spot that warrants many return trips.One of the best new restaurant in town, had dinner last Saturday, the food, service and the atmosphere were great. Can't wait to have another meal there!The service was phenomenal but so disappointed with the fried chicken. So dry! Buttered buns were great and wish I could give a better review.3.5. Nice interior friendly servers. This is a large space that is well layer out. Cheese curds are delicious but the rest of the menu is a little heavy for my taste. I have friends that love this place so take my review with a grain of salt. I would probably come back for the curds and a craft beer.Pretty good. Everything we ordered ended up being pretty greasy for what it was. But it's a nice little spot. Will go back for a drink and a snack..Biscuits and mushroom gravy! The gravy was superb! I wish I would have asked to leave the cheese out because it didn't go too well with the gravy. The biscuits(dry, not fluffy at all) did not impress my Southern pallet but the gravy was OFF THE CHART. 
Wasn't too impressed by the chicken bucket which was the menu that had drawn me to the restaurant. The meat was dry throughout. 
The fries were delicious. The homemade hot sauce is very thin or watery, so be careful when you try that with your chicken. Noone warned us.Disappointed in the food. Grilled chicken wad so soucy vinegary i only ate one puece. Dessert special chicolate tier cake looked pretty but was very dry.We started our meal with lakeside cocktails which were very good and easy to drink. We ordered the cheese curds as an appetizer because our waitress said they were amazing. We all agreed they were good, but not amazing and we would try something different the next time. We ordered fried chicken, meatloaf, and short rib for entrees. Everyone enjoyed their entrees and there were no complaints. The portions are very big and enough for two meals or to share. We had the funfetti cake and chocolate peanut butter cake for dessert. These were huge slices of cake and they were a great ending to the meal. The restaurant is a bit loud, so don't come here for a romantic date night. It would be a cool place to just grab a drink and some appetizers as well. I would love to go back an try some more of their dishes.Wow!!! Absolutely to die for. My boyfriend and I brunched here on Sunday and had a fabulous experience. We went the sober route but the drinks looked excellent. I ordered the shashuka and he ordered the truck stop special. We both cleaned our plates. The hash brown was the highlight of my dish and the thick cut bacon was the best part of his. Definitely will return. Only reason 4 Stars was that the service was a bit slow. 
Pro tip order the cinnamon roll!I liked so much about this place. The decor is amazing, the menu is fun and unique, and the food tasted great. 
I'm going to get my 2 complaints out of the way first which kept it from getting a 5 star in my book. I went on a Wednesday night around 7pm, the place was crowded but there were still open tables and the noise level was insane. Like having to yell across the table at each other loud. For the decor and intimacy level of the place it was jarring how loud the place was. 
I ordered the slow gin fizz and my two companions ordered one of the vodka cocktails, the punch, and a mocktail. I have never been so happy to be a gin drinker. My drink was fantastic, not too sweet or too heavy on the alcohol. The other 3 drinks we tried were all way too sweet to the point that they were not even drinkable. They ended up adding water to dilute them. 
All together we ordered the cheese curds (amazing), the chop suey (a little greasy but almost a meal in itself), the brocolini (amazing, perfectly cooked with what seemed like a light creamy cheese sauce), the fried chicken (I didn't try but the others loved it), the meatloaf (again I didn't try it but the others thought it was tasty), and lastly the shortrib stroganoff (I had to try it since everyone raved about it and it was very good). 
We looked at pictures on here and thought the portions were going to be really small which is why we ordered all that we did. We ended up so stuffed and took most of our food home. Not a big deal to me cause I like having leftovers for lunch the next day. With each person getting an app, a "meal" per say, and a drink it was about $50 per person. 
I would come back in a heartbeat. I hope the drinks get a little better but I would stick with the slow gin fizz.This was a phenomenal meal!  I dined in a year and a half ago, but finally got around to finishing this review.
Jangled first date nerves were gently soothed with charming ambiance and decor.  Our table neighbors' birthday celebration gave us the opportunity to show off our clapping skills.
The servers were outstanding: patient, intelligent, congenial, and honest, and when prompted are willing to dish on politics, local restaurant critics, Philly's dining scene, and dating 101.
The music is carefully curated and satisfying, whether enjoyed as background accompaniment, or more prominently noticed (such as The Talking Heads' "This Must Be the Place").
Overly lengthy dining is not suggested by the establishment, but not rushed (and even condoned) once committed, allowing up to 4 bathroom visits per party.
The cocktails are delicious, with secretly effeminate options hidden among the virile selections. 
 All of the cuisine is well-flavored, varied, and shareable, offering surprisingly delectable takes on comfort favorites.
Couples wishing to sit on the same side of the booth, while initially frowned upon, is encouraged as the evening continues.  Water is free, plentiful, served in carafe vessels, and pleasantly chilled just below room temperature.
The booth cushions are delightfully and comfortably padded, allowing those guests to smugly enjoy their superiority over their chair-seated counterparts.
The location is within walking distance (even when chilly) to the city's best late-night sex shops, cookie spots, and saloons for people from all walks of life to discuss their varied musical tastes.
My company was divine, and I'd love to return.  Thanks for a tremendous dining experience!Came here for happy hour and then brunch. HH is the same as sips and they had some pretty good food deals- cocktails and wine/beer were $6 and $5 respectively. We sat at the bar and service was great. I got the Chardonnay which was dry and full, definitely good quality. 
Then came for brunch- made a res online to avoid the line but luckily at 1pm there wasn't a line, and they left me sit before everyone got there. I got the infamous cinnamon roll and it was every bit as decadent as I've heard!! Lots of tangy golden raisins, melted cream cheese, and caramel over this giant roll in a 5-inch iron skillet that was still hot. Salivating just reliving this moment. Of course I had half, shared some, and saved the rest for another diabetes-inducing but equally delicious breakfast. 
Next time gotta try the even more infamous cheese curds...Bud & Marilyn's happened to be very close to our hotel, so I made reservations for my party. We walked into the restaurant a few minutes early and were warmly greeted by the hostess, being moved to our seats nearly immediately. The lights are very low in the restaurant, with a feeling of modernity humbled by rustic colors and sounds. 
We began the night with an appetizer of cheese curds. They were marvelous. Thick, gooey heaven, lightly fried and served with two house made sauces. They made us very excited for the rest of our meal. We both had Marilyn's Fried Chicken. The chicken was crusted well and served with house made hot sauce (outstandingly flavorful with mild spice). Two biscuits were served on the side with a mouth-watering honey butter and sharp zucchini pickles. 
We were convinced by this point that Bud & Marilyn's was well worth our time and decided to order dessert. We got roasted peach ice cream and house made snickers cake. The ice cream was extremely light and airy, but filled with an enormous amount of flavor. Each bite tasted like a sweet, fresh peach. The snickers cake was colossal, possibly able to feed a small family for a week, but packed with flavors galore. 
Lovely end to a well-serviced meal.Love the decor and personality of this place and the food was delicious. I would highly recommend the Warm Skillet Bread, I have never had anything like it and it was delicious. I also had the scallops and the mashed potatoes which were also very good. My only complaint is that it is very loud inside, I was having trouble hearing my husband who was sitting right across from me. The food, while delicious, is quite rich so I wouldn't recommend ordering too much. Very attentive wait staff. There isn't a large waiting area so that was awkward, we weren't able to wait outside because it was raining and there was not room for more than a few people to stand near the hostess stand.I've been hearing about this place for awhile now and decided to check it out when a family member came from out of town. This place was bumping for an early Saturday evening dinner, no table available without a reservation until 10pm! Luckily, we were able to find a nice place to eat at one of the bar areas. 
The menu is nice and has a lot of different fusion items to offer. We decided to get the fried cheese curds (which were HEAVEN on a plate) and then split the fried chicken dinner. 
Cheese curds; absolutely amazing! They were greasy, crunchy and a little salty. Such a perfect combo for a fried appetizer. Its accompanied with 2 diff dipping sauces which I didn't even use because the curds are already packed with so much flavor. I wanna come back for happy hour, have these puppies with a cold beer and good company. 
Fried chicken; sadly, it wasn't at all what I hyped it up to be in my mind. Now, it was crunchy, but it was also dry. I'm assuming its fried earlier in the day and re-heated as the dinner orders come in. Dry, hard and not juicy at all. Def had flavor so I would really like to eat it when its fresh...
The décor alone was super cute and retro. 
Bar tender was very nice and allowed us to try a few beers on tap
everyone was nice all around, they did seem frazzled but hey, I would too!
I will def give this place another shot, but I'll stick to the appetizers and drinks!Pros: 
-Ambiance: Super cool décor, great mood lighting, and a prime location in Center City 
-Menu: Quite ambitious and diverse 
-Drinks: Both the Sloe Gin Fizz and Planter's Punch were boozy delights 
We ordered: 
-Pork n' Pickles: The highlight of dinner; the "pork" really showcased three different cured hams with different flavor profiles, and pimento cheese is always a winner. The beer mustard was potent, so use it sparingly 
-Crispy Cheese Curds: As a friend put it, a classy take on mozz sticks. These are best eaten as soon as they're brought to the table- the cheese isn't chewy like a lot of the fried curds around town, but deliciously runny and battered lightly. I was very into the ranch dressing that came with this 
-Roasted Carrot salad: The carrots themselves were nicely roasted, but the grains and the salad were overdressed, leaving the dish somewhat unbalanced 
-Marilyn's Fried Chicken: This was the menu item that brought me in, and I was somewhat disappointed. The chicken itself was fall off the bone tender, but the battering was almost too thick and had little flavor. Salted honey butter definitely helped. 
-Coconut Cream Pie: Awesome, and not at all what you're expecting. The whipped cream on this was incredibly light, the spiced crust balanced things out, and the sesame brittle took this to a whole new level. 
I think the menu is a bit overly ambitious when you look at the different regions (Vietnamese, Indian, Southern) that they're trying to cover, but I think with time, this place will only get better.This place is busy so make a reservation.  We went twice on our Memorial Day weekend, one night for dinner at 8pm.  My wife and I split the fried chicken entree.  It was good and the biscuits were awesome.  From start to finish we had quick service. We were in and out in 30 minutes.  The only reason I don't give this place 5 stars is because we went Sunday for brunch and service was slower and the biscuit dish my wife ordereded with eggs and cheese was not good.  I had the beet cured Salmon board, it was okay, but let's just forget about curing the salmon in beet and just serve it regular.  Curing salmon in beet gives the salmon an odd flavor that wasn't bad but also wasn't good.Was here last Saturday night for a romantic and all-around great meal. Walking in, the place had a great vibe and appealing mid century decor that could bring Don and Peggy back to their more casual Mad Men days.
We started with two cocktails, the Old Fashioned and Marylin's OF. The Marylin's OF was excellent, a hint of cinnamon gracing the drink. My partner loved his OF, and ordered another. I tend to stick to sweeter, less alcoholic items so I opted for the Planter's Punch, a perfectly executed tiki drink. I would have had a second if I didn't have to somewhat soberly walk home! 
Food comes out as you order it, so hold on to the menu and order things one at a time. Also keep in mind everything on the menu is meant to be shared (except drinks).
We started with the cheese curds. Get this every time you come in. They are grown up mozzarella sticks. The two sauces they came with were SO FREAKING GOOD. Cannot recommend this enough.
We then tried the cold lobster buns. Absolutely excellent as well. The cold versus hot buns could be seen as jarring but I liked the juxtaposition. 
We finished with the fried chicken, a MUST GET if you like fried chicken. Best damn fried chicken I've had outside of a family event. Use the house made hot sauce as much as you can. The cucumber pickles are good, and the buttermilk biscuit + salted honey butter are a godsend when you need to take a break from devouring the chicken.
The service was excellent as well. The drinks took a beat longer than I'd expect, but it was a busy Saturday night and the bar was also SO FULL. 
Bathrooms were very clean, pleasant, and organized, a great sign that the kitchen is the run in the same manner.
My only complaint is that the lights could be a little bit less dim, as it was pretty hard to see when walking around. Chef Marcie Turney, you are absolutely fantastic. Please keep doing what you're doing!We came in for dinner with family from out of town.  We were seated right away (with reservations).  Everyone was friendly.  The service was excellent and the food was good. I highly recommend the greens - curried with a kick - mmmm... and the biscuits.  We went in on a Saturday night at 5:30, so it was on the louder side.  We would come back if we didn't have our kids, as the menu didn't have a lot of options for them.We celebrated my birthday a smidge early with lunch on Friday 12.4.15 at noon. We had a reservation for 1:30 but called around 11am to move it up to noon. We were accommodated. The interior is super cute and whimsical. The place was mobbed for lunch. We started with some cocktails- Marilyn's O-F, Radio Days, The Long Goodbye, and Blinker. They were all excellent. We had the Nashville Hot Buns as an appetizer, and the French Onion Soup Grilled Cheese, and Smoked Beet Reuben. Everything was fantastic. I don't eat meat but miss Reubens so I could not resist that selection. The sandwich is smokey and very reminiscent of meat and real reuben flavor. What a comfortable, satisfying little place to hang out and eat.
Our server was David and he was exceptional. I am always so appreciative of servers who know what they are doing and are intent on giving good service. He was cheerful, efficient, and helpful. Kudos to David.Had lunch here yesterday. Interesting 50s like decor. I ordered the meatloaf which was delicious. It came with sauteed baby carrots and mashed potatoes. Nice presentation. Would definitely recommend.Had reservations on Saturday night. The place was packed but we were seated right away which was nice. The atmosphere is small & dark and the tables (for 2) were fairly close together but overall it was cute inside. 
We started with the warm, pillowy, cheesy balls from heaven.. oh I mean the cheese curds. Amazing. I could sit at the bar and drink the cranberry moscow mule and eat baskets of cheese curds all night. After the cheese curds sadly ended we had the meatloaf & the fried chicken. The chicken was great and the hot sauce was really good too. The biscuits and pickles were to die for and again, I could make a meal of just those alone. The meatloaf and mashed potatoes was also excellent. I was a bit disappointed that the brisket stroganoff wasn't on the menu because I was looking forward to that but the meatloaf didn't disappoint so it was fine. 
We ended with the funfetti cake (& a box to take half of it to go, it's a seriously huge portion). 
Overall we loved everything and will be back to try other menu items.Comfort food coupled with an amazing ambience. Dimly lit, 50's style decor right down to the bathrooms! I love their cheese curds, wedge salad and meatloaf. I had the chicken pot pie as a special last time and it was incredibly flavorful. The crust was unlike any I've had before. The desserts are incredible but may want to share as the portions are overly generous.Ate here on New Years Day with my girlfriend. We both really enjoyed the food, the drinks and the vibe of the place. I got the scallops which were awesome. She got the fried chicken which was enough for dinner and lunch the next day.
We ordered the confetti cake because it looked really good but I was disappointed, it wasn't anything that special. Overall I really liked this place and would go back next time I am in town.I was in town for an extra day and decided to stroll in here for a bite. I came in at 6 and the place was already bustling. The server was great and suggested a solid beer and helped guide me toward excellent food choices. I started with the Nashville hot chicken buns. Having just come from Nashville, I can assure they weren't nearly as hot as Prince's chicken (which isn't a bad thing). In fact, the heat was quite pleasant. These little sliders were amazing: the chicken was cooked to perfection, the buns were sweet and fresh, and the pickles and lettuce on top provided the perfect balanced bite. Damnit, I should have gotten some to go. Then I had the beef short rib stroganoff. The beef was cooked perfectly, and the flavors were great. The downside was that the noodles were a bit chewy and extremely long. All in all, these were good choices, though it didn't leave any room for dessert. I would totally go back here and recommend this place to anyone.One of my favorite restaurants in Philly!! I organized a brunch to celebrate my mom finishing chemo. The staff was wonderful working with me to setup a surprise toast when our party was seated! 
The cheese curds and warm pecan cinnamon rolls were great starters for the table! We ended up ordering a second cheese curds because they were just too good! I ordered the Chilaquilla Verde which was delicious!! The flavors and little bit of spice was perfect for this dish! The bucket of chicken with fries is another must for brunch! 
The ambiance and super friendly staff made our brunch experience fabulous!!Beware of the salt! 
I came here last night on a date and ordered the Caesar Salad. It looked unique and came with hush puppies instead of croutons, which sounded delicious. Darling, I took one bite of this salad and could hardly get it down it was so salty. I am a huge fan of salt, perhaps too much, but this was disgusting. I had to send it back. Our server asked if I wanted another without the "added salt" and I declined. I was so turned off. I told him I would just wait for dessert. 
My date ordered the hot chicken buns and said they were way too buttery. 
Well, when dessert came, I was equally as disappointed. I am a die hard fan of funfetti cake and was really excited to try theirs. Little did I know, their icing is cream cheese icing. Disgusting. Who in their right mind puts cream cheese icing on funfetti cake!? You monsters! 
Finally, when we were eating dessert, we were asked 6 times if we were done yet. 6! Twice by our server, once by the hostess (why was she even doing that?), and three times by other staff. I don't know if somebody had reserved this specific table for a time (it was a 2 person table by the window), or if they could tell we weren't going to spend any more money there, but we felt like we were being pushed out. There were plenty of other seats around us open, so it's not like they needed the space...The last time we were asked if we were finished, I had to ask the guy "do we need to go? Does somebody need this seat or something?" And he said no, but another person came back 2 minutes later. 
The only things I enjoyed about this experience was their rose wine (one of the best I have ever had), and their server, Dave. He was a cool cat and seemed understanding.I have been to this restaurant two times. The first time I was here was with my aunt, she was in town visiting so we decided to try this place out. The second I brought my boyfriend here on a night out. BOTH times our servers were not very attentive and not very kind either. I will not be giving this place a second shot. I gave this place 3 stars simply because the food is decent.This place was amazing. Solid Nashville-style hot chicken that's crispy but spicy at the same time, with nice sides of pickles and and even better apps. Tried the Brussels and a beet salad, and the fried dough balls that were basically fluffy, less-sweet doughnuts. All were bomb. 
Had a scotch cocktail and a whiskey cocktail, and both were pretty boozy and deep. Check this place out - it's expensive but a nice meal for sure. Dim lighting, great for a date. Finished off with the snickers cake... wrap your head around that and try to deny your desire. Exactly. 
Pros:
Food
Drinks
Ambiance 
Service
Cons:
NoneThis was the first time that I've been to this establishment and I came during restaurant week, so it was a bit hectic.  We arrived about 20 mins early for our reservation, and they didn't have anything available yet (not big deal), and they suggested we get a drink from the bar.  I was quite pleased with the drinks and since it was the happy hour special it was reasonable.  We waited around until exactly the time of the reservation, not a big deal, but the host/hostess could have been a bit more personable, they never once gave us an update when we were 5 feet away.
Waitress was very nice, and she was very willing to help us choice between options, specifically dessert as we had trouble deciding between 3 different ones.
First course was cheese curds and Nashville hot buns.  The hot buns were awesome, I would happily have had a couple orders of them as they were very flavorful (might be the star of the evening).  The cheese curds were good, one of the sauce was good, but the other was just awful.  Luckily they were for dipping so we just didn't bother with the bad sauce.
Second course was a bit of a mixed bag, we had the fried chicken and the shortrib.  Fried chicken was good, but parts of it were a tad dry, but the biscuit and salted honey butter were fantastic, as were the zucchini pickles.  Hot sauce was a nice touch, but a bit spicy to just slather on (I would like it with chicken and waffles, as that has sweet to balance it).  Sadly the shortrib was just plain bad, I would wager it was just overcooked with how crowded it was, but we couldn't eat.  I really enjoyed the brussel sprouts that came with it and the cheese grits were pretty good as well.  The fantastic waitress offered to get us a replacement entree, but we declined as we would not have wanted to wait, we just wanted to pass our feedback along.
Lastly it was time for dessert.  Our wonderful waitress brought us out all three desserts that we had trouble deciding between to help make up for the bad entree.  We were really glad that she did, as they were all amazing. The cranberry slab pie was just awesome, my only desire would have been just a bit more candied ginger.  The bread pudding was very good and you could taste the whiskey without it being overpowering.  Lastly, the chocolate mousse was really good, it was like a high end PB&J dessert.
Overall, I would definitely come here again, maybe for happy or brunch to try out other types of food.I was wondering about this place awhile and finally got to try it. Got cheese curds, short rib stroganoff, fried chicken and lobster buns. 
I always wanted to try cheese curd truck but never got to wait to get to so this was perfect. Was little salty for me but if you skip the sauce then it's bearable. 
As other reviews said, short rib stroganoff was definitely winner of the night. Was delicious and I love it very much. 
Lobster buns were pretty good too. Decent size of lobsters in it. Not heavy on sauce. Yum. 
Fried chicken dish was huge. Big two pieces include breast. I prefer white meat part so it was perfect. It wasn't Korean fried chicken style,it was more like Blue ribbon fried chicken in NYU. Otherwise fancy KFC lol 
Most dishes were little saltier side than other restaurants but maybe good with drinks. Will go back.This place is amazing. Came here for brunch with my friend who was visiting and we loved it all. The decor is so quaint. The servers were knowledgeable and their cinnamon bun and cheese curds were to die for. Also got lemon ricotta pancakes which were bomb!!!! Loved it.Guysssssss this place was SO. GOOD. Came here for my husband's birthday and everything we ordered was wonderful. Started with cheese curds and Nashville hot buns. Oh ya. Hot buns had spicy fried chicken, pickles, and a delicious slaw on a warm bun. Cheese curds- self explanatory. SO good with two great sauces for dipping. For entrees my husband had the meatloaf and I had the chicken pot pie special. YAS. Best chicken pot pie EVER. The sauce was so dang good. Finished our meal with the largest slice of funfetti cake I had ever seen. 
Besides the food being great, the service was spectacular. We made a reservation and good thing because this place was bumpin' for a Thursday night. The restaurant itself was dark and cozy with a big bar. We really loved our experience & can't wait to go back soon!!!Came in for lunch during restaurant week and was  surprised how busy the place was. Luckily I got a seat at the bar. Sloe Gin Fizz was refreshing and bubbly with the right amount of kick. Started off with the cheese curds which are to die for. Both dipping sauces pair nicely and the curds are like tasty cheese pillows. The fried chicken is crispy and juicy. The pickles and biscuit that came alongside were also flavorful but that Rosemary butter was too die for. I wish I had a jar of it to put on everything. For dessert I finished with the vegan Thai ice tea and coconut ice cream. The ice cream got better and better with each bite. Overall a great meal and I can't wait to go back!Excellent food. The meatloaf and fried chicken dishes are consistently spectacular. Their cocktails are also great. It's big enough that you don't feel crammed next to other tables, which is a plus.I came here for happy hour last week and had such a great experience. I sat at the bar and ordered their special slush of the day, Jingle Juice. This is so uncharacteristic of me but it was delicious. We split a few apps - the cheese curds, pimento cheese, and pierogies - and all were good. But the best part of my experience was the pecan grits pie with goat cheese ice cream. HANDS DOWN one of the best desserts I have EVER eaten. Definitely need to come back for a full meal..or even just another piece of pie.THE BOMB.COM!!!!!! The food, the service and the atmosphere are all AMAZING!!!It was my first time in Philly and first time at this place. The lobster bun is awesome and the beat and watermelon was really rich in flavor. Good beer as well. It was also super nice to sit by the kitchen and watch and folks working. These guys work a lot.Went back to Bud & Marilyn's for the second time and it was just as good as the first. Was a little disappointed the beef stroganoff wasn't on the menu anymore, but it was replaced with a beef stroganoff ravioli which was delicious. But I wouldn't be bad if they brought back the regular beef stroganoff. Cheese curds are amazing. My husband got the fried chicken which was delicious. And for dessert, the bread pudding was OUTSTANDING. AMAZING. COULD EAT IT FOREVER.My hubby and I came here on NYE, and overall I thought the food was fantastic. I ordered the butternut squash soup for my first entree and then the grilled salmon for my main entree. Everything was cooked to perfection. To top it all off, we finished with the huge Funfetti cake, this cake is a must try, if eating here. I found the food and service both to be excellent! I can't wait to come back!This place is great! Only been to Philly twice but had to come back here on our second trip. Great coffee and cocktails with brunch. The chilaquiles with salsa verde and carnitas was amazing and the Nashville hot chicken biscuit sandwich was awesome. They salted the biscuit! So good! A really delicious experience. Make a reservation!A tip of the hat yet again to the ladies of 13th street! 
I've been lucky enough to get to Bud and Marilyn's twice now since it opened and I just love it! First, the atmosphere is great. If you asked me what a throw back/american/mid century restaurant would look like and serve before, I would have absolutely no idea but now that I've been to Bud and Marilyn's, this place nails it from the menu, to the decor, etc. 
Both times I visited we got the pu pu platter and it really is the perfect share dish. My favorites on the plate had to be the tuna poke (unreal), the skirt steak skewers and the spare ribs...which is essentially the whole plate. lol. I did love the wings but they weren't my favorite. Another must order are the lobster buns. They are melt in your mouth delicious and the green apple on top adds the perfect sweetness and crunch! Other two favorites for me had to be both chickens that I've tried. The rotisserie and the fried chicken. Both were perfectly cooked and the fried chicken had an excellent amount of crunch to the skin. 
Frankly, I really could go on and on about this place. The food is just awesome. I've not tried anything that wasn't good.I want to be able to rave about this place just like fellow yelpers. Unfortunately, I couldn't and one of the reasons could possibly be because I came here during Restaurant Week for lunch. I will say that I did thoroughly enjoy the Nashville Hot Buns. Perfect amount of heat, which was balanced out by the coleslaw. The cheese curds were also very good, but as you can imagine. It's a rather heavy appetizer.
I was disappointed with the homemade hot sauce as I found it to be rather bland for the fried chicken, which left me unimpressed. What I did like about it was how crispy it was, but the actual taste of the chicken did not have me wow-ed. The biscuit was perfectly flaky and definitely very comforting. The pickles that accompany also add a nice touch. The whiskey-butterscotch bread pudding didn't really give off any whiskey notes to me, but was still a comforting dessert. I had a server pack up my entree and it was such a shame that my biscuit or the pickles, didn't even make it to the leftovers bin! Neither of which were touched. 
I would come and give this place a second try. Maybe the servers were overwhelmed by the Restaurant Week volume???Nothing special about this place except some cool wall arts! Fried chicken is a fancier plate of KFC w/o fries and trout plate was so smallAND bland! The restaurant is So dark that I couldn't read the menu and see what's in my plate AND it's too noisy!definitely not good for a special occasion.I couldn't wait until i get out and BREATHE. I expected a better experience !!!!
Ps: our beer was not cold and was at room temperature.I'm not mad at this place and its existence. Get a few apps and share an entree. They give you one million fries, which would be too many fries if they were less delicious.We had reservations for Friday night. We were seated immediately upon arrival and received service immediately as well. Waitress was friendly and quick. Ordered an appetizer, the cheese curds, and they were on our table within five minutes. We also had the meatloaf and the trout dinners. The stuffed meatloaf was moist and flavorful, Trout was delicious as well. Also had the chicken biscuit sliders, delicious! Food came to the table fast, was cleared fast, and water glasses were filled continually. We also had the bread putting, it was delicious.We got here at 2:30 right before they were about to close for the afternoon but this place so so so cute. If you like ambience and old world charm, definitely make this one of your stops in Philly. Also, (I guess this is only a summer thing) there Frozé was SO GOOD especially after walking around in the heat and humidity. Loved this little place!Brought my brother here for lunch. The food was absolutely amazing. Service also on point. I had the fried chicken bucket. Even the fried rosemary on top for decorations was delicious! My second time here and I will be back!!!My dad & I caught lunch here today, and I must say that the fried chicken biscuit sandwich was damned tasty. I loved the spiciness of it...my dad, not so much (he was breaking out his antacid pills after just a few bites).  I thought it was just the right amount though, just enough to add some flavor but without being overpowering.  After enjoying this, coupled with an equally delicious mystery-vegetable side salad, and a Yards pale ale apparently brewed just for here, I was feeling pretty satisfied with the meal.  It was interesting and different, and above all else, filling. 
I'm thinking we're done, it's time to walk this meal off, but my mind starts to wonder...
If the desserts here are even half as good as what's served at the sister restaurant, Barbuzzo, well then, I would absolutely need to order dessert. There's simply no question about it. 
So, minutes later, along came this slice of chocolate peanut-butter cake I ordered, all 3 tons of it.  While it was certainly not in the same league as the Budino that you'll find up the street, it was huge, it was delicious, and it's the reason I'm still awake writing this review at 1am.  Well, now I know, right?
This place was pretty busy, and for good reason. It's a nice atmosphere with seemingly great service, a smart beer selection, and a menu that'll keep you on your toes.  I'll check this place off as yet another fantastic restaurant in Philadelphia, one definitely worthy of a return trip.Love this place for their crafty drinks and delicious food options. The place itself is decked out with Hollywood regency style, with the old fashioned TV sets at the bar area. Looking forward to coming back to for happy hour!Been here a few times for lunch and dinner, including restaurant week- never had a bad experience. Get the cheese curds. Seriously, get them. Eat them. Savor them. Snarvel them. Whatever.Had a GREAT Restaurant Week meal here.  Every app/entree/dessert we ordered was outstanding, and the portions were generous despite the Restaurant Week price caps.  Standouts were the crispy cheese curds, roasted trout and the brown butter apple slab pie.  I definitely had a food buzz going without the help of any alcohol!  Another Restuarant Week discovery to which I hope to return many times.I stopped by for happy hour a few weeks ago, and was extremely pleased with the drinks. It was only $5 for strong and delicious cocktails, alongside affordable food options as well. The available appetizers were exciting, fried chicken sandwiches and korean style tofu, but the highlight was the enormous chocolate cake, slices like you would not believe! I hope to come here for dinner soon. Judging by the menu - it should be a heavy but delicious meal.