Have been here many times. Continues to be a favorite of mine and my family's. Strongly recommend the edamame raviolis.I had come here for lunch with a girlfriend, and the duck I had ordered was one of the best ducks i had ever eaten. After raving about this place all week my fiancee and I decided to try it for dinner. It was even better at dinner I was very impressed and it was one of our best date nights. I can't believe this place is a "chain" its bar none above the rest. GO its a must try, have the duck or the wasabi filet and make sure to start with the tuna pizza, its amazing.My boyfriend and i went in early for our reservation. The friendly hostesses sat us right away.  Service was up there, fine dining at its best. The managers were on the floor assisting, I wish i could've gotten his name. Tall dark and slim man. Very polite and checked on us twice, he even assisted with clearing our table. Very impressed. The waitress and service help were always on the move, and very attentive to all of the tables in the section. We ordered the spicy rock shrimp with bao buns and it was my God delicious, highly recommend. Came out perfect temp. The black pepper beef tasted good, seasoned well, but came out room temperature. The beef fried rice lacked seasoning so we used the sauce from the other dish to improve the taste. It also came out room temperature. The restaurant was full house, and not sure the kitchen was able to handle the volume. We were too tired to address it at the time and so we ate the semi warm dinner. Felt bad as the whole staff was on the move to serve. Perhaps try to dine their off peak hours to get the best quality. We went in at 6pm.When I can afford to go to Buddakan, I will go. It's one of Steven Starr's more upscale restaurants, and it's bastardized, fancy Asian dishes.
Don't miss the martini that's full of cilantro. It's called the Bonsai. Bizarre yet amazing.
Hands down, the best appetizer here is the edamame ravioli. My first thought about it, the first time I had it, was that it tasted like Christmas cookies. Then a friend of mine said that something so delicious could only be full of the Dalai Lama's jizz. Decide for yourself.Where do I start? Nothing but good things to say about this place.  I'm not really a huge fan of eating at expensive places bc they tend to attract the snotty type in both the patrons as well as the staff.  I also usually end up spending a fortune and leave still hungry.  This place was the exact opposite.  The staff was super friendly and down to earth.  The food which is obviously what I pay most attention to was incredible.  The edimame ravioli is an absolute must. The beef kimchee fried rice was amazing.  The duck was super tender and the pairing of it with the cornbread was unexpected but "to die for."  And the miso cod was extremely flavorful and definitely my favorite.  In a world of rare 5 star ratings (for me), Buddakan definitely earned all 5 of theirs.I am giving my experience at Buddakan a 3 because, sadly, the server ruined the experience.
I came in for lunch last Friday and ordered from the Restaurant Week menu. I have eaten at Buddakan plenty of times, I am a huge Starr fan and I love the dishes here. The food on Friday did not disappoint. I had the edamame ravioli (to die for!), the vegetable fried rice and the Thai chicken salad. My dessert was a heavenly chocolate lava cake with mango... no words to describe it. It was incredible. 
Our server Shawn on the other hand, was not so incredible. He was short, not very friendly, and would walk away in the middle of us asking for something. At the end, we had to split the check and he walked away from me as I was explaining what I needed him to put on my card. Sure enough, when he came back, the wrong amount got put on it. 
There is no excuse for being ignorant to customers when you are in the customer service industry. Such a shame that an establishment as renown as Buddakan would keep rude servers on staff.It was everything I hoped it would be- I've been to the other two locations and actually think this one is the best! It's the original buddakan and maybe as a function of it not being too crowded, I really enjoyed myself here. It was spacious (the AC one is very cramped) and not too noisy, and the setup was simply beautiful.
We had:
pan-seared sea bass- my favorite seafood dish ever
black pepper beef - just okay
dim sum sampler - good
edamame ravioli - awesome
monkfish - I felt it was just good, but my bf LOVED it
dungeness crab sticky rice - awesome
eggplant - yummy, typical chinese eggplant dish
green peach tea soda - super yummy
mango lassi - not as much so, kind of artificial tasting
The service was great- I've noticed that the servers at all 3 locations try to act airy and cool, but it's kind of funny because it makes them sound like children playing at being businessmen or something. I enjoy the show though :)Buddakan never disappoints! Beautiful venue, delicious food and friendly waitstaff. Tuna Tartare Spring Rolls are the best appetizer!Had an early birthday dinner here last night - unbelievable! We ordered everything we desired and everything was great, although one dish really stood out - edamame ravioli! It sounds weird but it was delicious! The cocktails were also good, and when we requested a coffee drink at the end of the meal, they whipped up something for us that was not on the menu. It was the perfect pairing to the decadent bento box of desserts. Staff was super nice to us. Decor of the place is a little 90s, but well maintained.My family and I just went here this past Saturday and the food was amazing! Strongly recommend trying this... very similar to Sampan!  Danielle was our server and she was fabulous!  :)Buddakan is in old town Philly close to the museum housing the historic Liberty Bell. We parked down the street opposite the restaurant but had nightmare of a time trying to pay for parking at the meters on the street that kept rejecting cash and all varieties of cards!
Given the size of our group, the crowd already inside and not wanting to wait in line, we decided to sit at the center "community" tables. However, that some of the high chairs at the center table were quite wobbly was a "no no".
Once you get over the disproportionate Buddha statue staring at you, the head being disproportionately small compared to the body, you have to adjust to the relative darkness and try to read the menu using the little candle-in-a-glass without spilling wax on your hands! 
Nevertheless. the food here was quite good and the service slow but friendly. We all ordered different appetizers, en trees and desserts which we then proceeded to share voluntarily or otherwise. For me, the Buddakan style Sashimi, Asian Barbecue Pork and Milk Chocolate Caramel Tart were the best appetizer, en tree and dessert respectively.
The cocktails were good too - I particularly liked the taste of Harmony (containing ginger, lime and vodka), while my cousin tried Guilt, which was what she felt after her first alcoholic beverage (wink).
Overall good food and a wonderful extended family dinner with lots to talk about after.
Docked a star for the disproportionate statue, bad lighting and wobbly chairs.Very good, but not great. Honestly, I enjoyed Sampan much more, and it is about half the price. Probably won't be returning again.I'll be a regular...even if it is just for an order of the edamame dumplings. After finishing the first order, we had another. The Chilean Sea Bass is the best I've had. Extremely tender, and the sauce it came in was outstanding. The service was top notch, too (Thank you, Christine!!). Enjoyed the zen atmosphere and didn't break the bank!Ever since I have been going to Philly for work, I always had to stop at Buddakan for dinner. What a treat! Buddakan has a great atmosphere and some interesting twist of old Chinese food favorites. I always had the pork fried rice. It is served differently bc it comes with a sunny-side egg on it. You basically mix the rice with the egg, while it is still hot, making a fresh tasting dinner. Yum! And to top off the night I had the dumplings dessert. It is kind of like really good donut holes served fresh with three dipping sauces. Great food and great staff make this an awesome place to be in.I only had a shrimp & chicken spring roll and donuts from here. The donuts were great of course. The spring roll- meh. I was really hoping for the charred broccoli, but they apparently don't sell it anymore- it was listed on their website. The ambience is very cool and the service was great. The flavors I experienced just weren't my thing.Pretty good food 
The Deer beer can sneak up you.  Good pork fly liyce.
Nice atmosphereLove this restaurant! Great ambiance and excellent service. My fav dishes are the lamb chops and wasabi mash. The fried rice is also delish. Great drinks. I love both locations of Center City and Atlantic City. Both are very swanky and remind me of being in NY. One of my top 3 fav restaurants.I liked it very much. Frat calamari salad and sea bass dinner. Service was outstanding. I think we had our credit card number stolen here.*MUCH later Yelp for 06/2011* Ooops!
I ate here 2 1/2 years ago and haven't been back yet (not that I haven't wanted to go, but this isn't exactly the cheapest place around lol), so this review may be a little dated. Not really sure why it took me so long to write this, because I always rave about this place! 
Ambiance is great here..low lights and high energy, but somehow still romantic. It was abuzz with people, even though our reservation was for about 6:30p. I don't remember much about the service, which means it must've been satisfactory, b/c I'm SURE I would remember if it wasn't. 
Now for the food! For appetizers, I can only remember ordering dim sum- the edamame dumplings, although I think we may have also tried the snow crab rolls. In any case, the dumplings were delicious. The edamame was so creamy and perfectly seasoned. For entrees, we all ordered one and shared with the table- Grilled Lamb Chops, Sweet & Spicy Shrimp & Scallion Chicken, with a dish of the Lobster Fried Rice. Everything was excellent, especially the shrimp and lamb chops. For dessert, I had their "famous" Dip Sum Doughnuts. They were good & I found the sauces went nicely. 
I can't wait to get back here! Yum!It was my first time going to Buddakan with my girl, not that I have been there before -_-.
The Place was great.  The lights, the decorations, the huge Buddha was indefinably interesting and unique. The bartenders, hosts, and waiters where very pleasant and friendly. I thought   they were even watching me eat because every time my plate was cleared by the time I put the fork on it someone was taking the plate from me(serious face)...anyway...
The appetizer was delicious.  we had the Scallops spring rolls (STOP) not enough food for starters. Then we had the Sea bass which it was amazing it melt in my mouth (good stuff) The waitress mention that we had to order sides because they didn't came with the food. It makes me wonder who the hell just order fish and no sides.  -_- (scam artist) She also said the sides where good enough for 2 people (two people on a diet may be) My girl wanted to eat the whole thing but she was trying to be nice to me (I love you baby)lol
Overall, it was good, not so crazy about it. I think I'll come back again but it is a little over price for my taste.First, I had high hopes for this place due to it being a Steven Starr restaurant. 
What we ordered for 4 people
1. Large Fried Calamari Salad: "for only $3 more you get a large!" The portion was very big. The salad was good, but a little on the saltier side.
2. Tuna Pizza: we ordered this because the waitress raves about it. The tuna "carpaccio" was a bunch of mushy/grounded up tuna 
 of sweet bread. Yuck. 
3. Sea Bass: I highly recommend but it was over priced.
4. Cashew Chicken: good, but I could have passed on this dish. Nothing yelled out "wow"-this dish came with white rice that was very very dry!
5. Peppered beef: came out rare, sent it back, the beef was too salty
Overall, I'm not dying to come back! Steven Starr you disappointed me!If I could give 3.5 stars, this would be what it was.
Beautiful dimly lit restaurant with awesome ambiance. One bar at the ground level and another on the mezzanine. Service was phenomenal, fast refills on drinks and clean presentation with food. 
The food itself was OK. Best way I could describe everything was Americanized Chinese food: overly sweet and oily. Obviously this is Asian fusion, which is more forgiving than marketing it as Chinese food. We came here for restaurant week. Had the beef scallion pancake, shrimp springrolls, jumbo shrimp, beef chow fun, mango cheesecake, and doughnuts. The quality and taste was definitely similar to Panda Express, though presentation was pretty. There just simply is not a "wow factor" despite the price that you can pay potentially for each entree.    
Random tid bit: Server said that some of the chairs have faces on them because they are portraits of the owner's close friends.I love this restaurant. I have been eating here for years and it is always amazing. Whether you go during restaurant week or regular times the food is always amazing which you cannot say of many restaurants. Great atmosphere as well. Only downside is sometimes during restaurant week or the weekends the bathrooms are not well kept.My work invited me here for dinner, and after seeing the crowds at the location in AC, I knew that I wouldn't be disappointed.
The drinks were creative and delicious, and I got Joy, which was orange smirnoff, reisling, and lime juice, I think? Regardless, it was delightful and I had a few of those!
The appetizers were gorgeous and everything I tried tasted good. The aged Angus steak was one of the best steaks I had ever tasted, but the szechuan fries weren't pleasant thanks to what tasted like a horseradish drizzling.
All in all, the food was tasty and the service was extremely attentive, but this place is too expensive for me to visit on my own tab.I came here for my friends birthday a few nights ago and was delighted by the 'Starr' experience!  I say that because, so far, all i've heard is that this man creates an experience that is unmatched almost wholly due to the unbeatable service.  We were a bit let down because my party of 4 had issues with reservation (they told us 8 and when we arrived they said it was for 8:30).  Instead my friends and i went to the bar and had a drink.  I had 'the dream' which was indeed that (especially after a long day at work and the desire to get a bit tipsy from the start).  We waited the half hour but were happy to see that the hostess found us at the bar with a tray, asked us if we were ready and asked to take our drinks so she could carry them for us to our table.  The minute we spent with her put the whole night into a great first step (i never knew how important that first meeting with a hostess is! first impressions are everything).  Im not going to touch on the decor because of course it was swanky and well done- you can see the pictures for yourself. 
We sat down and our waiter came not long after that (quite immediate actually!) and he was fantastic! Steven I believe- he was funny and down to earth and honest.  He made his recommendations and he was spot on each time.  He was EXTREMELY attentive and friendly- I couldnt have hand picked a better waiter for us!  
We start with several appetizers (amongst quite a few drinks for each of us!) We ordered the edamame dumplings and the chicken and ginger dumplings- AMAZING!! I thought the consistency of the edamame dumplings would be a turn off but they were the exact opposite! I could have eaten them all night!  Then came out the Tuna Pizza that- as a NON FISH eater- I LOVED!! Incredible to think that I would basically be eating fish for the rest of the night because the rest of the party wanted it and i was out voted but i loved each and every dish!  The Tuna pizza was delicious but not the best of the night.  The last of the appetizers were the shrimp "tacos"- dont remember the exact name but they were on 'taco shells' that were like puffy rice balls- they had shrimp tempura (or something like it) and were incredible!  Honestly, again I am not a fish eater but this stuff was out of this world!!  If I had to pick number one appetizer though, it would be edamame dumplings and then these tacos and then chicken ginger dumplings and finally the tuna pizza.  
Then the entree! We ordered the shrimp pad thai and the Chilean Sea Bass to split.  Again....NOT a fish eater and these two dishes were great!  The pad thai was pretty basic- if you like pad thai, this is good pad thai but I wouldnt order it here just because its such a basic dish that you can order anywhere and itll be just as good.  The Chilean Sea bass held up to all the reviews out there.  I actually recommended it to the table because of the yelp reviews (despite the fact that I dont like fish) and the table thanked me all night because of it.  I tried it and it was melt in your mouth buttery good!  Healthy option I think too with veggies on the side and a perfect compliment to a light appetizer if you were to order it for yourself.  
For dessert we ordered the donuts of course and they were amazing along with the special for that night which was a flourless ice cream sandwich with strawberry ice cream, meringue whipped topping and mango drizzle.  I loved it but my friends could do without it.  
All in all, along with the GM walking around doting on us and asking how our experiece was and if we were from the area and making small talk (which was much appreciated!), it was a great experience.   
The service: EXCELLENT. The food: EXCELLENT.  The price is a little steep but you are getting what you pay for!As instructed not to leave Philadelphia without desserts, the luscious #Buddakan came highly recommended. We couldn't resist but order the signature Dip Sum Doughnuts and the Dessert Bento Box! My favorite is the Passionfruit mallomar and the Buddha cones. If I have to have one reason to go back to Philly, it would be to take a stab at their main menu! #myeveryday #roomfordessert #phillyeats #worktrip #foodtripOk, I'll admit it. This is the one Starr restaurant that I don't roll my eyes out. Went for restaurant week this year, and my drink was bubbly/pink/girly/satisfactory. 
my choices: 
- hamachi sashimi (more like ceviche - loved the acidity)
- noodles (chow fun, I think?)
- fried donuts 
Besides the entree being slightly salty, the food was pretty impressive. As always with S. Starr, the atmosphere was on point, with funky decor, musical vibe, etc. I will say the one turn-off were the non-smiling face chair covers. We asked our server (she was great) what they were, and she said that they were all friends/people that help S. Starr build his empire of restaurants. I liked the idea, but they were definitely a shade of creepy....
Other people at the restaurant ordered the gyoza (also yummy, but salty), and chocolate cake for dessert. All in all, we were super satisfied with our meal. Great place to catch up and enjoy some yummy creations while soaking in the Asian fusion vibe.If you're the type that routinely drops 300+ dollars on a meal, then Buddakan may not seem like all that much. But if you're going for a special occasion (me and my brother took my mom as a Christmas present), then it's the perfect place to go. And while it may be a little over-priced (I don't think any food is worthy of these price tags), it was as close to worth it as it could be.
We went all out, ordering from pretty much every section of the menu: cocktails, appetizers, entrees, deserts, sharing all the while. With the exception of the roast duck, everything was at least good, often very good, and sometimes spectacular.
The prawn was hot, crispy and tender, done so perfectly. The ponzu chicken with "buddha buns" was unlike any chicken I've ever had; the halibut special prepared 3 different ways was a  treat: one plate that had nearly 9 differenty items, all perfectly portioned so that I had room for dessert.
And room is what I needed, because the Chocolate Bento Box is a meal in itself. The most decadent dessert I'd ever laid eyes on. But my eyes did not decive me, because it was as good as it looked.
The service is what you would expect at a place where you mortgage your house to pay for the food. Servers wait in the shadows to swoop down like hawks and sweep your table of crumbs.Beautiful Restaurant that is consistently good!  Their lunch box is a steal of a deal.  Three items for $15 bucks.
I got the edamame rav., caeser salad and shrimp stir fry.  Nice size portions.  
The staff was helpful and friendly.We came here after making a same day reservation during the afternoon. If you come here after eating at the NYC location, you may be slightly disappointed as the ambiance and menu are slightly different. However, the seating was comfortable (couch style seating), and I liked that we were not boxed in against another table. For beverages, there is a nice selection of both alcoholic and non-alcoholic drinks which are pretty reasonably priced. As for the food, it was all very delicious! We had the hoisin glazed pork belly for an appetizer, which is a good size for 2-3 people and was very flavorful. For an entree, I had the char-grilled beef, which was cooked to a perfect medium-rare and came in an ample portion (also with a huge side of Szechuan-style fries). I also tasted the five-spice duck breast, which was seasoned well and also came in a good sized portion. For dessert, we shared the chocolate bento box, but in my opinion it was not worth the $18. The different desserts that came with the box were all very small and extremely sweet, to the point where they all tasted similar to one another. I would've given 5 stars, if not for the overpriced dessert, and the fact that one of the appetizer plates I was given was dirty. Otherwise, the service was fantastic (definitely didn't feel rushed at all and our waiter was very attentive) and the food was excellent. Definitely not cheap, but worth it!Attended for lunch during restaurant week. Blissful experience dining in the presence of a huge golden Buddha statue. Food was delicious. Highly recommend the edamame dumplings and the fried rice. Service was excellent.The food here was delicious.
- Edamame Ravioli: Great! (We got only 3 pieces though, but other people's pictures show 4. What gives?)
- Miso Black Cod: My favorite part of the meal. Delicious, sweet miso + melty-soft fish.
- Sea Bass: Really tender
- Curried Cauliflower: J & T really liked this. Somewhat spicy & has cashews.
Service was great. The waiters were obsessed with keeping our table clean, which is normally great, but I had a cold & blew my nose a lot. The poor employees picked up my soggy snot rags w/their bare hands. I wish they hadn't.I tried this place out for a date and we were eating fancy. Our table was so close to another couple so we asked to move and without a problem we did. We ordered the famous "edamame ravioli", and our server told us she would put in a extra one to split since they come out only with 3.  She didn't tell me that she would charge me an extra 12.50 for another ravioli! I thought she was throwing in a free rav, but who was I kidding. Despite the fact that she didn't inform of an extra charge, the food was great. Everything from the duck to the wasabi mashed potatoes was amazing. My fat butt ordered the chocolate box and donuts! I regretted nothing. I was eating and living large for a night. The dipping sauces the donuts come with are amazing! I would totally come back if I had the money.I have to admit that I was a little bit nervous about coming to Buddakan.  While I'm a big fan of Stephan Starr restaurants, I always feel that Asian fusion places can be hit or miss.  Thankfully, I was proven wrong--this place is fantastic! The decor and service are absolutely top-notch.  The giant Buddha, while at first might seem somewhat tacky, is actually a very nice touch to the overall atmosphere.  My date and I started off with the "Tickled Pink" and "Asian Mojito", both of which were quite tasty.  We also split the chicken and ginger dumplings.  I'm usually not a big fan of ginger since i think it can overpower other flavors, but thankfully the ginger was subtle and a nice compliment to the chicken and dipping sauce.  For the main course, I ended up getting the soft shell crab tempura, while the date got the pad thai.  The pad thai was absolutely delicious and gigantic (since the portions are meant to be shared family style).  My crab tempura was very good as well--my complaint is that it was super greasy.  I know that tempura itself can be pretty greasy but this was a tad bit out-of-control.   Overall, though, our main courses were fabulous.
The course that made this meal out of this world was dessert.  We decided on the chocolate bento box, based on our server's recommendation.  All I can say is WOW!  It was so decadent and filling  and there was such a variety of options to please both of us.  I'll definitely be coming back to Buddakan again--maybe next time with a large group of people so I can sit near the giant Buddha!Thoroughly enjoyed my dining experience. The food, atmosphere and service were all great. The drinks can be a little strong which works if you are pregaming. The ribs off the appetizer menu are wonderful. The duck and lamb are delicious. The portions are just right.My third time there ,in less than a year just really a great vibe great place for friends or for your better half I must say the food was really much better than I expected it to be first two time s I got the angry lobster it was fantastic both times this time I got the short ribs with chow fun , the only thing I ordered I would not order again was the lobster fried rice 22 dollars there was more lobster meat in my egg roll from my local Chinese take out. the service was perfect every time . must have dumpling any of them tried them all watch out for the soup dumpling will burn you if you not careful but delish. just great foodlove the ambiance here. The garlic and shrimp stir fry is awesome!!! love the tuna tartare spring rolls.wonderful atmosphere.  Attentive staff.  We did not feel rushed.  Chef's recommendations were all on point!  We will be back!Hands down one of the nicest restaurants in the city. I have been coming here for 15 years and have never had a bad meal.  It does not matter what the occasion is, whether its a bday, valentines day or just a happy hour, you cant go wrong.  Really cool ambiance with a huge boodah on the wall with candles over looking the main dining room.   They also have an upstairs with its own bar.  The service is it outstanding, they go above and beyond for their guests to give them a true fine dining experience.  Some of my favorite dishes include: edamame dumplings, tuna sashimi, calamari salad, cauliflower, cashews and wasabi mash potatoes to start. Entrees include: aged beef, sea bass and angry lobster.  They make really good strong drinks as well.  If you are from out of town, or dont live in the city and have never been here, I highly recommend this place.Very trendy restaurant with great food. What can I say about the great blends of asian fusion food? Try a bit of everything especially the ribs, the meat falls off the bone. The tuna spring rolls are good but a bit heavy for my liking. The server was nice. This is a great place to splurge.Was in Philly this weekend and we went to Buddhakan to eat, first off if you are allergic to shellfish don't eat here literally everything they have has an oyster sauce on it. We ordered the Cashew Chicken which was extremely bland and i got the black pepper steak and it was so peppered i basically couldn't eat it. The pork dumplings were good and so were the drinks but the entrees were very disappointing. Finally we ordered the Chocolate Box for dessert which also was disappointing, we ended up eating only the banana chocolate mouse and Mango cheesecake the rest were horrible. So i left Buddhakan paying $150 and still hungry. The worst feeling is leaving a place and saying wow that was a complete waste of my money.Buddakan is one of the best restaurants in Philly! Great food and an awesome atmosphere. We had a perfect last night here in Philly at Buddakan tonight and hope to come back some time in the future!Came here for restaurant week, and immediately loved the atmosphere. Buddakan is best described as a sleek, sexy restaurant, and it's the perfect place to come with a group of friends or on a date.
I ordered the short rib scallion pancakes, the pepper beef, and the mousse. The short rib scallion pancakes were extremely filling, and topped with shredded beef. I would say the closest taste comparison is something of an imaginative roast beef sandwich. The pepper beef was a bit too tangy for my taste (although I did try a bit of my friend's Chilean sea bass, which was absolutely delicious), although it did have an amazing rice bird's nest. The mousse was what really blew me away - it sat on a coconut cake and came with a side of mango salsa.
I would recommend Buddakan for restaurant week! You can't go wrong with the sea bass, and I highly recommend getting the mousse.I love this place amazing service great atmosphere best in the city one of my favorites is the pad Thai exquisiteBuddakan is pure pleasure.  I experienced no difficulties securing a reservation for a bigger group and the staff was very accommodating.  The portion sizes are generous and there was a nice variety from which to choose.  We were there on a relatively busy night so the noise made it difficult for our entire group to communicate, but otherwise the experience was excellent.The food and drinks were delicious!! Fun Asian atmosphere that feels hip, fresh and classy. The service was great. The drinks were great as well!! I would definitely go backPositive: Delicious Non-Alcoholic Drinks with Extraordinary dessert in a fine dining restaurant.
Negative: Small, expensive portion sizes without the quality expected in a high end restaurant
Overall: Good place for a fine dining experience if you only want to have their non-alcoholic drinks with dessert.We came here after a museum tour.  Didn't want to do a whole dinner thing so we sat at the bar for apps and drinks...and we are glad we did!  John was amazing!  He was sweet and attentive.  I had a couple of the menu drinks and told him what I like specifically and he made a specialty cocktail....and gave us the recipe!  I used to live in the city and would frequent Buddakan but it's been a while.  It was tonight I remembered exactly why I loved it so much!
I want to thank John and Buddakan for a great happy hour!  It's nice to have such personal attention especially on a crazy busy night.Everything was cooked perfectlyyyyy. One of the best meals in recent memoryI was in Philadelphia for the weekend and ended up here on a Friday night for a holiday dinner with the family. When making the reservation we originally had a group of 12. The hostess recommended the communal table in front of the Buddha statue and I agreed and since I was making a "reservation" I wouldn't have to wait to be seated. On the evening of the dinner, 3 members had cancelled and I called the restaurant to update the size of the party and they reassured me that everything is fine. However, when we arrived, we had to wait 20 minutes before being seated and we didn't get to sit at the communal table as originally suggested by the hostess. Instead, we were squeeze into a booth. It was a bit uncomfortable,  so I have to rate the restaurant 4 stars (could have been a 5) because the service and atmosphere was exactly what I expected. We all selected the tasting menu and let me tell you, IT WAS WORTH IT. The portions were generous and the quality and taste of the dishes were up to par. I would definitely be back the next time I'm in town.Buddakan,the doyenne of Old City will I think be here for as long as it wants to be.  With classic classics like the Crispy Duck Salad on Frisee, the Black Cod and the Sesame Crusted Tuna, the ballsy drama of the room, who will let it go away?  The Bento Box lunch is still the best lunch bargain you can find if you're in the mood for Asian, and they don't screw with it.  Service is great when you get one of the Starr-y eyed and bushy tailed young ones who bought everything that the Starr organization drill instructors threw their way, and that's good.  If you get a vet, the service will still be pretty good. Great place for a business lunch especially for those coming in from out of town.  It somehow, in a very small way, gives off that New York Four Seasons business lunch vibe, in ramped down Philly style.  Starr did Buddakan when he was a veritable rookie, and the only guys I can think of that were that good as  rookies were Muhammad Ali and Wayne Gretsky, but unlike them, Starr will have a second act.We were blown away! From the service to the food. We came here to celebrate my boyfriends birthday. We arrived a bit early so we grabbed drinks at the bar while we waited for our table to be ready. After we were seated we started off with the General Tso dumplings. The dumplings were so savory. I am not the biggest fan of dumplings but these I could have any time. Then we ordered the Korean beef fried rice with the grilled lamb chops. We were very happy with our selections. The lamb was seasoned to perfection and cooked perfectly.
This place is great and will definitely be returning.I am definitely not an adventurous eater but this restaurant had me trying all kinds of stuff I have never eaten before.  The food is very high quality and the cooking is superb.  Service was also very good.  For my main dish I had the wok cashew chicken which was a super yummy safe go to if you are not an adventurous eater like me.I have a mix feeling about this place as I have been here quite a few times. It's either I have a semi ok experience or poor experience. I've written a complaint to the management here before regarding poor service/no service on my birthday. Although management has contacted me back I did give it another try. The food is delicious. 3 star because the couple times I've been there the service was ok. I always have to ask for the waiter..I came her for my birthday in February with a group of friends. The experience and food was good, but not particularly memorable.
I'm not one who minds expensive dining once in awhile, but that's only if the food is up to par with the price. Unfortunately, it wasn't. Flavors were there, but they weren't particularly interesting and not really any different than any other less expensive Asian cuisine places.
The inside decor of course was beautiful and that's probably what attracts most of its guests, but essentially I'm not paying for the decor--I'm paying for the food.Amazing Restaurant Week experience!! We didn't have a reservation and still got seated right away. The restaurant atmosphere is high end yet relaxed with some of the most professional and kind staff I've encountered. The restaurant week menu was entirely too exquisite for the price, so we naturally fell in love! We started with the chicken and ginger dumplings and the pork belly pancake. Then had the chow mein and shrimp for the mains as well as the chocolate cake and mango cheesecake for dessert. The food was to die for! We were so stuffed, we ended up with doggie bags and the price was beyond reasonable. The manager even came over to make sure we had an enjoyable meal. Highly recommend this dining experience!Good ambiance, service, and food. If you're looking to get full, probably not the best place. I'm a small girl and I still didn't get full with a 30 dollar meal. The food is still good though. If you're looking to spend a lot of money in a fancy atmosphere, this would be the place.This was a wonderful restaurant. The food was awesome, the ambiance was amazing. I had the lobster fried rice, it was a huge bowl. My bf had the beef fried rice and the lamb chops. The lamb chops were seasoned to perfection. My girlfriend & I ordered the lobster and crab dumplings, although I wasn't a huge fan of dumplings but, the taste was impeccable. My girlfriend also ordered the beef fried rice, she said it was great as well. Her date ordered the dumplings sampler, wasabi mashed potatoes. 
We will be back again!!Lunch recently at Buddakan was a terrible disappointment... never again! Old tuna sushi, and a mix of boring food types covering a very wide range of "fusion"...pork bellies (tasteless, except for buttery bread), sir-fried shrimp (with an unnecessary breading filled with oil), etc. We thoroughly enjoyed our first visit here shortly after it opened, but never again...Ok so the edamame ravioli wasn't that great not to mention cold!!! The waiter was inattentive as she sat and talked to the bar tender the whole night. On the bright side the crab fried rice was awesome alot of money for small portionsI came here last week with a party of 10. We were seated right away, although we made the reservation 20 mins prior. The decor is very lovely. White chair covers all have funky faces on them. Nice touch. 
DRINKS - came out faster than I've ever seen. Patron Margarita was small but good.
APP - I ordered the Edamame Ravioli - AMAZING. 4 come on the plate surrounded by this savory sauce and sprinkled with edamame beans. I have to learn how to make this ASAP! So of course, my entire table basically ordered various appetizers, and being the must-try person that I am, I tried them all. The Caesar salad is okay, I didn't really like the cashews in it. My bf had the Dungeness Crab Sticky Rice which came inside an actual crab - LOVED. Tasted my friends Wok Stir-Fried Broc - GOOD. Also, some Rock Shirmp taco looking dish - GREAT. 
ENTREE - (this is where it gets interesting) So after tasting so many dishes, I was basically full :( my beautiful $48 lobster came out, and I had to snap a pic. The presentation was more than perfect. It had 4 small piles of noodles, some steamed spinach, and poached lobster resting in the tastiest lobster sauce I've ever had. It also had the hard shell of the lobster still on the plate. I took 2 bites from the lobster and even tho I wanted to scarf it down...I just couldn't. I was stuffed. So I told the busser to wrap it up for me. He came back very quickly and tapped me & put my leftovers on the floor next to my chair. 
Now we stay for about 30more mins and a few more drinks are ordered. A friend pays, and we get our coats from the coat check & part ways. As soon as we get into the house, I realize that I've left my LOBSTER GOODNESS at the restaurant! I call immediately and the girl who answers the phone tells me, "The bus boy actually just threw it out...is that a problem?" in the nicest, attitudey voice. I say "Umm yes it is a problem because I took only 2 bites out of that food and I was looking forward to eating it tomorrow." in my nicest, I-know-it-was-my-fault-for-leaving-my-food-but-who-puts-food-on-the-floor-anyway voice. She transfers me to the manager, and she was AWESOME! She asked for my name & number and asked me what time would work for me tomorrow because she will have my dish ready. I don't think customer service gets better than that! 
I will definitely be back :)First time visiting Buddakan on a Saturday night. Everything was simply wonderful. DH an I started with drinks, then ednemame ravioli (amazing). Then shared the cashew chicken and Pad Thai, then finished with baby peaches. Wonderful. Service was as expected in higher-end dining. The only drawback was where we were seated, just by the bar. A rowdy bachelorette party was at the bar, crowding the staff, the entrance to the bathrooms and elevating the decibel level. After they were seating at the communal table and away from us it was fine. I did feel bad for those now sitting around them, as there was no conversing when they were around. I don't know if they should have been told to pipe down, or maybe never booked there? The final bill was not bad at all for a special occasion. Will return.Just came here for restaurant week/friends birthday
. The chicken ginger dumplings were delicious with the cucumber salad garnish. The star for the meal for me was the Chilean sea bass. The fish was cooked perfectly while on top of a delicious mushroom butternut squash mix. The crying chocolates with Vietnamese coffee ice cream was a terrific combination. What I'm truly happy about though was the waiter Stewert's good service for our table. The hosts were cute and polite, the bus boys and food runners were excellent as well. For my first trip here, I'm very pleased.Bland pricey food. Had higher hopes for this place, since it was great when I went 20 years ago.About what I remember from my experience in NYC, only the Buddha there is a heck of a lot bigger, and the company tonight a lot more scintillating. Aside from the decor, I'd rather go to a place that serves more authentic Asian meals anyday.Very nice place with a very nice ambiance. Service was really good and the food was amazing. A new favorite.Not a bad thing to say. Was in Philadelphia on a conference from work, and we choose ot go here. For a party of ten, at 7pm, service was excellent.  Portions not very large, but moderate for the price. Drinks were all good, as our table tried each. Personally, the Life cocktail had a strong ginger taste, but was very refreshing. 
Tuna pizza was fresh, and tasty. Grilled lamb chops were cooked perfect medium rare, were seasoned well and the pesto was spot on. We also ordered a side of the wasabi mashed potatoes, which balanced perfectly, especially for wasabi lovers. The five spice donuts with blackberry jam were fantasiic, but the ginger cream cheese for the dinuts put them over the top. 
The ambiance of the restaurant is modern, and trendy. Beautiful place to enjoy a quality meal.Where to begin! We went for an early dinner for my sister's birthday, she has a 2 year old so we were looking for a loud place so he wouldn't bother too many people! For a Sunday afternoon, the restaurant filled up quickly. We started with the tuna tartare spring rolls, chicken dumplings, pork buns, lobster fried rice and shrimp lo mein. The meals come out as they are finished and they serve it family style which allows you to taste a lot of different items on the menu without the commitment! I especially liked the fried rice, it had a nice crunch and big chunks of lobster. The shrimp lo mein was also a big hit at the table! The dumplings were flavorful, but had a lemongrass aftertaste, which I'm not a huge fan of. The tuna tartare was served as a fried spring roll, so you couldn't taste the tuna as much as I had hoped. For dinner I had the sweet and crispy shrimp which was delicious, the candied walnuts were a pleasant addition to the plate. We also ordered the wasabi mashed potatoes, eggplant and curry cauliflower. Each vegetable dish was better than the last but I kept going back to the eggplant it was very flavorful and the eggplant was cooked perfectly. There also were small onions and farro mixed in. The rest of the table enjoyed the Peking duck and red snapper. I'm not normally a fan of red snapper, but it was tender and lightly fried. The presentation was beautiful with the fish on the plate. I wasn't sure I could eat anymore, but we also had the banana chocolate cake and dim sum donuts for dessert. The chocolate cake was warm and decadent, with bananas mixed in and butterscotch ice cream.  The donuts were highly recommended and absolutely delicious! Thank goodness they only give you 5, as I am not sure I could have stopped myself. For 6 adults, our bill was $175 a couple. Reasonable for the quality and amount of food. I will definitely return!I really loved this place!   I went here with a couple of co-workers recently and had a great meal.  The place has a great vibe as well.  We started off with some drinks and they were very good!  The filet mignon was excellent... the crispy shrimp were great as well.  I would highly recommend eating here.... excellent food!My fiancé surprised me with reservations here for my birthday. I absolutely highly recommend this restaurant to everyone.
We started off with the dumpling sampler and the steamer edamame. Both dishes were flavorful and beyond excellent. We got 4 different types of dumplings and they came in twos. We also had a huge bowl of steamed edamame. 
My fiancé ordered the Angus Beef dish (the smaller portion). It was very big and full of flavor. I ordered the wasabi crusted filet. Both dishes were cooked to our specifications. We split the wasabi mashed potatoes, which were SO good. 
Our server, Tom, was beyond exceptional. He was so knowledgable and helpful. He gave us excellent recommendations and service. He was so attentive. At the end of the meal he made sure to give me a little gift from there. 
The restaurant itself is absolutely gorgeous. There is a huge Buddha on the one wall. I would HIGHLY recommend making a reservation as they do get busy. 
Overall, this was one of the best meals I have had and cannot wait to go back at a later date.Always a great place for a celebration. Food is delicious but it's very loud!This place never fails to impress me.  When I worked at 6th and Chestnut I would come here for restaurant week faithfully every year.  Living so far away from the city I venture out only when I'm in dire need of dim sum donuts. 
I tasted my mom's cashew chicken and broccoli, my sister in laws Vietnamese inspired dessert (from the restaurant week menu) & drooled over the delicious lamp chop (though it was disappointingly tiny) with eggplant.  
I was full & very happy to have been able to share this place with my mother.I first came to Buddakan for dinner with a few friends during restaurant week. Normally I'm not too crazy about restaurant week deals and the limited options, but Buddakan was definitely a step up from the rest. I started with the chicken dumplings, which were both delicious and HUGE! It could have been a meal in and of itself. Next I opted for the pan seared sea bass with butternut squash, mushrooms, and haricot vert. This was also a huge portion, perfectly cooked, melt in your mouth delicious, and SO worth the $35 price tag which normally includes 2 other courses (the fish itself is normally $26). For dessert we tried the donuts, chocolate cake, and cheesecake. Everything was delicious and they were also super accommodating to one of my friends who has gluten allergies. Definitely worth a visit and ask for a seat near the Buddha if you don't mind sitting next to other parties!Delicious! It really seems like you can't go wrong with anything you order here! 
If you know me, I always have the most difficult time choosing what to order. Here, that wasn't a problem. Our appetizer was the Edamame Ravioli, which I saw in a lot of the other reviews. (I think we got jipped with the dish though, since ours only came with three pieces and other pictures show a lot more-- one picture even has 6! Maybe they give you as many pieces as you have people.) But it did not disappoint. I also set my sights on the fish dishes-- Miso Black Cod and Sea Bass. I couldn't decide which one I liked better but, in the end, I think I preferred the Miso Black Cod. The Curried Cauliflower was aaaamazing, too! Especially for just being a dish with that name. It came with cashews and had some spice to it. 
We all loved our food, and I can't wait to come back for more!Very fun place to eat! Great ambiance and delicious food. It was fun to eat family style and share dishes. We went on a Saturday night and were slightly underdressed because we had been sightseeing all day, but there were others also in more casual clothes.  Didn't seem to be a problem.Delicious. This is how Chinese food is supposed to taste; light. I also tried the Thai salad and that was wonderful too. A bit pricey. I recommend lunch so as not to break the bank.One of Starr's best restaurants! I love asian food and this restaurant had one of the best! Very classy restaurant with different variety. Very pricey, but definitely worth going. Try the edamame dumplings as an appetizer! Great drinks there as well!:-(
A night that started off so strongly and had so much potential, took a very sad turn...
The Lobster at Buddakan led to a date night with the Porcelain Princess instead of my beautiful fiance.
Service: 4.5 stars
The service at the bar and during dinner was impecible and precise.  I was very impressed by their attentiveness and attention to detail.
Ambiance: 4 stars
Buddakan is the closest thing in Philadelphia to Southern California-chic/ style restaurant design and vibe.
Price: 3 stars
The menu is definitely expensive.  A night of dinner and drinks will run up to $100 per person for the full experience.
Location: 3.5 stars
A great location in Old City at 4th and Chestnut.
Food: 2 stars
My previous experiences at Buddakan have been great.  The food has been well prepared and delicious.  This go around was different though.  The lobster was tough and obviously poorly prepared.  The Kobe Beef was more fatty than tender.  The Monk fish was good and the Crab Lo Mein was delicious.  I cant wait to give Buddakan another chance to improve my impression and overall review.
Overall: 2 stars
Despite my tough night, I  look forward to another night at Buddakan, hopefully to have an experience like my previous ones there.- Love the food I ordered Bento Box which consists of Kobe Slider, Chicken Thai Salad, and Wasabi Tuna Tataki..
-The Slider came out juicy and good, The tuna just melt in your mouth, and just the right amount of wasabi on the noodles....Oh Em Gee. Why have I not been to Buddakan before??
Atmosphere is pretty fantastic - love the wall of water and the giant Buddha.
Our server told us that the portions were shareable, but not gigantic - I beg to differ - They were HUGE! Definitely worth the prices!
Appetizers:
Pork Belly Hot Pot (10): Pork belly in a miso broth with a fried egg. Yum!!! Like having a breakfast soup (bacon and eggs... ya know?).
Shrimp and Scallop Spring Rolls (11): Giant spring rolls bursting with shrimp and scallops - very little filler! Each bite was full of seafood! Comes with a mustard sauce and a plum sauce (my fave). 
Entrees:
Aged Char Grilled Beef (Small - 32): HOLY COW! My boyf ordered the small portion and I cannot imagine what the large looks like! About 20 slices of beef, perfectly cooked, with a MOUNTAIN of crispy potato strings. The beef is topped with a red-wineish sauce and the potatoes are drizzled with spicy mustard. MMMM.
Pan Seared Duck Breast (26): Ordered this (instead of the Pork Tenderloin which I considered) because of the promise of corn and scallion spoon bread. Best decision I ever made. The duck was perfectly cooked in a sweet plum sauce and the spoon bread was absolutely amazing - Kind of like a corn bread with the center not totally cooked. LOVE.
Dessert: 
Carrot Cake (9): Delicious layers of spiced carrot cake and malted milk panna cotta. With a cinnamon ice cream on the side, I was absolutely in heaven!!!
P. S. The table next to us got the dessert bento box, and that looked amazing as well. Might have to try that next time!
Overall, pricy, but reasonable once you see the portion sizes! Come with an appetite!Excellent food and service! With so many reviews already, there is not much more I can add. We had two wonderful meals, with a side order of Chinese Broccoli. There was so much food and everything was cooked perfectly and attractively presented.
The wait staff was attentive but not obtrusive. They seemed to show up with perfect timing!
I would definitely recommend Buddakan, and will return on our next visit to the area!Not impressed with the place.  The hosts at Buddakan were fake and didn't seem happy to be there.  We had reservations but we still had quite a long wait.  The Big Buddha was not impressive and was just there.  It was also hard to get a good look without making the table right in from of the Buddha feel like you were looking at them.
I did not care for the food we ordered, in fact, I hated it.  We had the Crab Fried rice and Asian Barbeque Pork.  The Crab Fried Rice had a nice presentation with the rice being stuffed inside a huge crab shell, but the food tasted overly fishy (and I love fish).  But it wasn't a fresh fish taste, more like they added too much fish paste, ick!  The Asian BBQ was eh.  Nothing special. At least the meat wasn't dried out.  Our friends got some interesting dishes too and I must saw the portion sizes are pretty good.  The pad Thai looked pretty good but didn't taste any different than other Pad Thais I have had.  I did like our waiter; he was pretty nice (I forgot to get his name).  
I would not go back here and this just reinforces how disappointing Asian fusion is.used to eat here often when i lived in philly, enjoyed it  a lot.
the bar is nice too, food was always great.
asian-fusion in philadelphia as good as it gets
i remember most the banana desert thing, which was really tasty.
also the risotto lobster was delicious.
parking is a bitch, unless you lived 4 blocks from this place like we did :)My boyfriend and I came here last night for our anniversary and loved it! Due to the election protests, we were running VERY late! I called and they were so so accommodating and saved our reservation. I'm not sure if it's because it was a Thursday night, but for my anniversary it was very nice of them!
My boyfriend and I both ordered a drink. I got the Spanish rosé but he got the zen-gria which was so good! We ordered the kind crab tempura as an appetizer. My boyfriend loved it and I'd give it 4/5 stars. Some pieces were a little greasy but most were chunky and fried perfectly. I ordered the pan seared sea bass and they came with some of the best prepared mushrooms I've ever had! My boyfriend had the black bean scallops which he loved. The scallops were huge! We shared a very large side of wasabi mashed potatoes - enough to take home the rest. In the end we received a small take-out box of chocolate Buddhas for our anniversary since we didn't order dessert. A very sweet touch!
We really appreciated the service and will definitely return!We went here again this past Sunday and I now remember why I thought it was just OK. And now I have thoughts that it is a bit below OK.
With a final bill of $224.00 BEFORE TIP (two drinks for each my husband and I), I need MORE UMPF in the food. More flavor. More Boldness. More. Just More.
And where did the dress code go for this upscale restaurant??? Out the window apparently. Seated next to us was a gal in a tank top with a bikini top under it and flip flops. 
Sorry Buddakan, we will not be returning. We will be giving another asian inspired restaurant,  Morimoto's a try next month.Tasty. Love the huge buddah in the middle, kind of wish I was seated there. Had the peking duck buns. Those are super tasty and moist. Also had the chicken dumplings, those werent that special in terms of taste. For the main course I had the bbq pork tenderloin. That was super tasty and very flavorful. The portion sizes were pretty big, so you can take some home if youd like. The wait for the food was a little long, but it was packed on this saturday night; so that was reasonable. A little bit on the more expensive side. Like the dumplings werent worth 12 dollars a dish, but everything else was worth it.Good food and cool vibe. Sure, a tad pricey for what you get in edibles... but made up for in overall experience. Is this Asian fusion chain PF Chang's cooler and wealthier sibling? Probably.What makes this a 5 star review is the service. Our waiter, Mark, was awesome. He was helpful, efficient, and attentive without being over the top or intrusive. He even helped me convince my boyfriend that we should definitely get the edamame dumplings that everyone raves about, even though my boyfriend wanted dumplings with meat and seafood. Needless to say, the edamame dumplings were amazing and he wanted to order more after we ate them. We also ordered...
shrimp bao buns (awesome)
calamari salad (awesome- order the smaller size if it's just two people- the small one is really big)
the ribs entre (awesome)
the jumbo shrimp entre (good, but would not order again)
the singapore noodles (did not like these)
The waiter saw that we were not eating the noodles and he took them away. After all that food we were full, but it was my birthday so I wanted dessert. I ordered the crying chocolate dessert and told the waiter that my boyfriend wanted the dip sum donuts but since it was my birthday we were getting the crying chocolate (we were too full to order two desserts). When the waiter came back he brought the crying chocolate AND the donuts for my boyfriend. Both desserts were amazing! Thank you, Buddakan, you did not dissapoint!5 stars for dessert selections, a solid 4 for the general Asian fusion cuisine. This is the original location before AC and NYC. The upstairs bar is a great place from which to watch the whole scene (including the big Buddha).The food was simply awesome. Great service and great ambiance. Maybe a tad too dark for my taste but that's not a big deal. We started with the octopus appetizer and the edamame ravioli: so good and so different. The octopus was perfectly seared (plancha style) and not rubbery at all! The edamame was so good! A bit filling but the truffle flavor they added made the dish! Then I had the sea bass: delicate and cooked to perfection with these wild mushroom to boost. Chris had the seared scallops and there were a great too. Not to forget: the drinks. We had martini cocktails with our food and they were creatively awesome. Overall great dining experience: not cheap but worth it. Sometimes it is worth to spend the extra bucks but something unique.Just had a good meal here ... it was really a 3.5 stars for me.
The restaurant is decorated beautifully but it was rather noisy as I was dining alone but it would be a fun place to hangout with friends.
The Buddha's Cup cocktail is alright with a very subtle taste.  I would probably try something else if I return.  I started with the Buddakan Style Sashimi appetizer and it was a downer.  While the citrus flavored soy sauce is tasty, the thinly sliced sashimi just doesn't work.  I couldn't taste the fish and personally, I think that sashimi should highlight the taste/freshness of the fish.
Just I was thinking that this restaurant does not deserve its rating, I was blown away by the deliciously seasoned lamb chops, which was perfectly cooked.  I would go back and won't hesitate to order it again.
I decided to end the meal with the coconut mousse dessert.  I love the coconut flavor together with the pineapple pieces and the mango sauce.  A delicious end to the meal.
The meal was on the expensive side but it is a good experience.   Just read through all the other reviews and stick with the dishes that have been recommended and avoid the others.
I would go back to it again to try the recommendations made by other yelpers.If Stephen Starr's biggest and best has lost any of it's allure, one would never be able to tell.  Saturday nights at Buddakan are still completely packed, and you've gotta call at least a week in advice if you want to dine before bed time.  If possible, request a seat in the main dining area - the upstairs is small and intimate with a bar of it's own, but nothing like the hustle and bustle near that larger than life Buddha.
The zengria is delicious but can't possibly have any alcohol in it.  It's definitely family style, so just go balls out and order a bunch of stuff that everyone will like.  Stand outs included kobe beef skewers, lamb chops, pad thai, and soft shell crab.  Everyone goes nuts over the edamame ravioli and dessert donuts.I finally got to go to the much celebrated Buddakan! This was to celebrate with a large group so it limited our menu to the family style choices. It didn't matter though. The food was outstanding!
The only problem is I didn't always know what I was eating. I remember one dish was a tuna pizza which was really good. The dessert was a mixed tray and was great!
The service was exemplary. I can't wait to go for a regular dinner!!!I woke up and began to remember bits and pieces of last night, I realized i went to Buddakan for dinner! Lets just say, I have no regrets and made zero mistakes last night.
Walking in in my high heels [that i never ever wear] feeling super uncomfortable, as soon as we were seated by the semi-exposed kitchen, I was immediately at ease. Fancy and me do not do very well together, but here for some reason, I did not feel entirely all out of place. Maybe the giant Buddha had something to do with it?
Started off with cocktails. 
My sister and her friend got the Dream: grey goose, lemongrass, guava, mint
My date got Solid: bulleit bourbon, thai cola, ginger, kaffir lime     
Birthday Girl [Me] got Haze: bombay gin, nigori sake, lychee
We all passed around drinks for a sip to taste the different cocktails. Dream was very fruity, the guava present in every sip, I would say it is a safe bet for a girl! Solid had to be my favorite, given Bulleit is amazing, there was something about it, that absolutely clicked with my personality! It was strong and slightly sweet without being overpowering. Haze, unfortunately, I disliked, which was weird since i like Gin and Lychee, the Lychee was lost in between the sake and gin i guess? But maybe you would like it? But i would not order it again. So i ordered myself another Solid :D
Appetizers
We decided to stick to fish and seafood as 2 out of the 4 of us were Pescatarians.  The King Crab Tempura, crunchy and juicy w/ the sweet and sour sauce, i'm telling you, everyone else was staring at my face when I first took a bite of it. I wasn't aware of food capable of tasting so good [since my mom lives elsewhere now, I forgot the taste of real food]. 
Next, Shrimp & Scallop Spring Rolls, the wrapper was crisp and the flavors dance in your mouth. Awesome, but not my favorite, since I am moving onto bigger and better things. 
This was the highlight of the appetizer round, Edamame Ravioli. One might ask, Edamame Ravioli for real? Yes, for real folks. No joke, the texture of the Edamame inside is so rich and intense, almost reminded me of a deviled egg somehow, but that just could be me, and the broth that its sitting on is $$$ ! Drink it
Entrées
Dungeness Crab Sticky Rice x.o. sauce: this was me being adventurous, ignoring my usual Pad Thai and going with my brown-girl instincts. The rice comes stuffed inside a huge crab shell. Don't be fooled, it was just the right amount for 4 people, given there was 2 other entrées. The taste of the crab comes through very clearly without overpowering the rice, and the stickiness was a refreshing change from your usual fried rice. It was probably tying the first place with the sea bass for me.
Hot & Sour Scallops chinese sausage, sweet corn, tofu, black mushrooms: Comes 4 in a plate, perfect for sharing, we ordered it without the sausage and the tiny little tofus floating around the plate were incredibly adorable. Loved the playful plating of it, tasted superb.
Pan Seared Sea Bass haricots verts, butternut squash, maitake mushrooms, truffle jus: Sea Bass? Need I say more? Whatever they might have done to the fish, the creamy clean taste remained undisturbed, but more enhanced, the haricots verts sitting crunchy on the bottom was the absolute perfect way to finish entrée. Also, how can you go wrong with Maitake? I love me all sorts of shrooms.
Like my tongue and mind wasn't blown away already, we ordered the Chocolate Bento box. They will tell you it is to share among 2 people but unless you are obsessed with dessert, it can easily go for 4 and we still had some left. It contained Chocolate Pagoda, Cashew Candy Car, Chocolate Pot de Crème, White Chocolate Cheesecake, Chocolate Almonds, Banana Tower. Notice how Banana Tower is in the end? Obviously because it was the best! Everything else was equally good, nothing too sweet nor too bitter, there is something for everybody in that box. 
Needless to say, our Host, Server and all the other staff was wonderful. Apart from food, it was totally entertaining to watch the staff in the kitchen working, putting out plates, even if it was not a clear view, it was a treat for this foreign newb. Buddakan is definitely fit for any occasion, as long as you like the type of food they are doing.
My favorite thing about Buddakan was the fact each item is meant to be shared. Whats the fun if you don't get to taste a bit of everything? 
P.S: Folks they do not accept Discover cards...
^.^food is PF Chang quality but tiny portions. Lemong garss sorbet was great. Amazing decorTop class restaurant. Superb ambiance, top class service. Great food. We got the dimsum tasting and chicken dumplings for the appetizers. The edamame dumplings from the sampler were really good too. 9/10 for the appetizers. Other than that we got the monk fish(10/10), jumbo shrimp(10/10) and lobster fried rice(9/10) for the entrees. For the dessert we had the Chocolate Gateau which was again top notch. Highly recommended restaurant, will definitely visit again.We hosted a client dinner there, and sat at the communal table, the whole night was a foodies dream!   I promise I'll write a detail review, every dish that came out got better and better, our clients said this had been the best dinner party they ever attended. A very successful night!Food .. every dish is awesome.  Spend the money if you want but frankly Chinatown will do just fine.
Instead, go to the bar and just devour guilt free on the Flourless Chocolate Cake w/ Vietnamese ice cream.  Its a perfect 10 and worth every bite and calorie.  Trust me.Although i didn't want to like the food given the staged-ness of this place and given its reputation (and age), i wound up enjoying my food immensely. raw salmon spring rolls were perfectly crunchy and tender, bass was well cooked, curry cauliflower was as good as cauliflower gets. And the dessert (5-spice doughnuts piping warm) rocked.Food was pretty good. I definitely stepped out of my element with this one. My waiter was nice and very knowledgable about the menu. He even spent some time with me going over the wine selections. So thanks for that Patrick! The prices for this place weren't bad either.. besides the $15 glass of wine, but that's at any restaurant. Really only went here to taste different foods and I was definitely satisfied.Faultless cocktails and very good dim sum but very pricey.
Good service and nice decor.To me this is another Starr restaurant where you never get a bad meal , but you never walk out going "wow". 
The decor needs a little freshening and the music needs to get toned down a little.
The people seemed to be talking loud enough without having to talk over loud music.
Anyway, the calamari salad was so-so, nice dressing but the calamari itself was gummy with too much breading.  THe Tuna tartare spring rolls were better than the calamari sald.The short rib was really good and very tender, the best dish by far. The
fish was ok.
For the prices I expected more. Farily expensive evening when you pay for parking, high priced drinks and food.
Good for tourists, but there is better fusion food in Philly.So happy I found this place. It is a must every time I am in Philly. I love all the flavors. Definitely recommend it to others.Incredibly friendly service, from start to finish. Large storefront, so it's easy to spot. Decent sized bar makes for a great waiting area. Drinks are great, and I was personally a big fan of the rickshaw, their take on the old fashioned. Dumplings are a must have, especially the general tso's or the dumpling sampler. Lobster fried rice was okay, not greasy but not the most flavorful either. The short rib chow fun, on the other hand, is absolutely incredible. The dip sum donuts were also delicious, and for special events, they often accompany dessert with a sparkler for added dramatic effect. Highly recommend.i feel like they're trying too hard, but the food and service is great nonetheless, i recommend the duck, and would go there again.This review is unfair because I only had one dish, but after hearing all this hype about the edamame ravioli I had to comment. THEY WERE BAD. never getting those again.Although the AC location has different menu, Chestnut was still extremely impressive.  fresh off a happy hour, my stomach could only be settled by having the tastiest Ceaser salad in the land. Make sure you try it!!!
The Sea Bass also left me wondering whether I had gone to heaven. I love the atmosphere of the place, love the music, and love the staff. Would recommended it every time.My very fabulous older brother took a few of us out to Buddakan when visiting me in Philly.  I had heard amazing things about this place and had very high hopes for this dinner.
The atmosphere is dark, very lively, and friendly.  We were sitting right next to the kitchen, and it was pretty loud to the point where it was hard to have a good conversation across the table.  However, the service was pretty good, and the food is extremely interesting with unexpected and exciting flavors, which was sometimes amazing and sometimes disappointing.
The fours of us split a bunch of dishes:
Special - The special that night was some sort of corn dumpling, which we were very excited for considering that we LOVE corn.  However, the flavor was far overpowered by cilantro and other ingredients that we didn't care much for this dish.
Edamame Ravioli - One of my favorite dishes of the meal!  It only comes with a handful of pieces, but I could have eaten a hundred of them.  The edamame is a very creamy filling with a light, pleasant flavor.  This dish would bring me back on its own! 
Dungeness Crab Sticky Rice - Also one of my favorite dishes of the night.  The sticky rice was the perfect chewy consistency, and the flavors were bold, savory, and delicious.  It also came beautifully presented in a dungeness crab shell. 
Five Spice Duck Breast - The duck was very flavorful but also extremely fatty, which is expected with duck.  Some people at the table liked it a lot, but the amount of fat on the meat was a little unpleasant in the mouth. 
Black Pepper Beef - The dish was attractively served in a crunchy noodle shell.  Compared to black pepper beef I've had at other restaurants, this one was just average.  It was definitely tasty, but not out of this world.
Overall, great meal that lived up to the Buddakan name and reputation.  If for nothing else, I would gladly come back for a dozen servings of edamame ravioli.One of the best meals in the city if you are willing to spend more than you're willing. I loved the atmosphere- great place to bring in a date in the main dining room with the large Buddha looming in the background. the salads are substantial so be careful not to order too much with appetizers when getting a salad with dinner. Ahi tuna was perfect, the sea bass was the best I have had in a long time- melted in my mouth. The veggie tempura was light and crisp. The kobe skewers and king crab tempura were way too expensive for nothing spectacular. The green tea "ice cream sandwich" for dessert was delightful.Great service from Ann, she was very experienced and it showed. Food was excellent, beautiful ambiance, all around great experience!My god.  This place.  I don't really know how to elaborate on those first four words.  I went here with my girlfriend back in December.  It was our first date and I wanted to pretend I was a big shot for the night.  This story's made better by the fact that she was well aware I was not and am not loaded.  (But I will be...)  
Anyway, the story: It's pouring rain and we get into the restaurant.  The girls behind the counter see me looking like a wet dog since I let my girlfriend have the whole umbrella, and they hand me some towels to dry off with.  Awesome.  But then, even with reservations, there's a 20 minute wait.  Not so awesome.
But it didn't matter.  First trip to Buddakan scores you a free plate of the trademark edamame ravioli.  I'd describe how awesome these bad boys are, but it'd be like describing a color without just saying the color: you can't do it.  Try it.  Then try to lick your own elbow.  I'll wait.  You done?  Okay, moving forward.
I ordered the pork shoulder.  I have never been this happy with a decision since the time I got orange and black braces on Halloween when I was 12.  So that was destroyed in a matter of minutes.  My girlfriend got some chicken tempura thing that looked like sushi but wasn't.  That description may make it sound like we hated it.  We didn't.  Why do I say we?  Luckily, I date a girl who doesn't finish her entire meal sometimes.  So, since I was dropping $150 on food, I dug into her plate.
In other news, the dumplings were out of this world.  We finished up with the lemongrass consomme because sometimes I like to feel fancy, OKAY!?
Go here.  Just do it.  I don't care if you have no money, imaginary person.  Go here and eat.  Now.I had high hopes for Buddakan.  The restaurant was so highly rated and I know folks who have eaten there and raved.  I don't get to Philadelphia too often so thought I'd give this place a go.  First the atmosphere.  Very interesting.  Love the 10' Buddha in the main seating area.  The music is a bit more upbeat than I'd like and the restaurant can get very noisy..  Sat upstairs which was OK.  Ordered Dim Sum sampler.  Interesting combo and thought it was good.  Main of "Crispy" shrimp.  OK, they were shrimp and they were crispy but they were covered in a sauce that was akin to mayonnaise.  Didn't taste bad but not that crazy about them.   Partner had Cashew Chicken which was not good at all.  The vegetables were good, the rice accompanying was good the sauce was good but the chicken was horrible.  Tasked stale and was mushy.  Almost sent it back but decided to just eat around the chicken.  Desert was OK, less than I'd expected quantity wise.  The service was good.  A bit too "hovering" now and then but tolerable.  Total tab for two folks was not inexpensive and, frankly, a bit overpriced for the quantity and the poor quality of the chicken.  Would I recommend Buddakan to someone heading to Philadelphia?  Likely not but, hey, I really loved the Buddha!!!My oh my, Buddakan is it! The place presents a seamlessly wonderful experience. From the wait staff adorned perfectly in white, to the clubby music and warm lights. Of course, can't forget the food. It's beautiful, and ever so delicious. I've been there many times and NEVER disappointed with anything I ate.Excellent, solid fine dining in Philly.  This place has been around for more than 14 years for a reason.  
Delicious, fleshy seafood and the crab fried rice was a close to the rice I ate regularly in China when I lived there.  Delicious.  Creative but not over-pretentious dishes.  It's a little pricey...but I'm pretty sure the extra cost is for the location and atmosphere.  
Presentation excellent, ambiance dreamy, staff extraordinarily friendly and welcoming.This place is great. Great location, absolutely fabulous food, great service. We will be back.Good food, good value.
I've visited Buddakan roughly a dozen times over the last 3 years in small personal meals and large group events and it never disappoints.
The ambiance is striking with the large stone Buddha looking over all of the diners in the establishment with a cool modern Asian feel. However, it can get quite noisy during peak hours.
The service is friendly and polite and are truly excellent with handling dietary restrictions and allergies.
The food itself is always very good. Some of my favorites include the punchy Korean beef fried rice, the succulent aged beef, the delicate edamame dumplings (which were better as ravioli but are still quite good), the sweet and savory pork buns, and my absolute favorite, the tuna tartare spring rolls.
What keeps this establishment from a five star ranking in my opinion is that I've noticed the quality decline slightly in my last few visits there. It is still a great meal but it doesn't have the extra pop I've experienced in years past. Perhaps they have a new chef and new cooks in the kitchen. Regardless, it is still a very nice meal that is great for large groups and small personal gatherings.The ambiance was better than the food. Ordered the lobster fried rice and wasn't entirely impressed. My date got the Korean beef fried rice so I ended up eating mainly that. Very polite servers, ask to sit by the waterfall.This place is teeming with reputation and yet I enjoyed the hell out of it. Service was friendly and attentive, flavors were big and bold and the ambiance was sexy cool. I loved this place 15 years ago and yet it still still love it. Nostalgia? Maybe, but  get the edemame, splurge on some quality sake and go home happy.This is one of my favorite restaurants!  Everything about it is awesome!!!
First of all, when you walk into the place, it is beautiful.  Everything from the bar to the big Buddha to the communal table to the chair covers makes you just want to keep looking around the place. 
The service is totally first class.  From the time you walk in to the time you leave, you are made to feel special.  
OK, now for the food.  We have tried a lot of items on the menu and so far, nothing has disappointed.  Some of my favorites include the tea smoked spare rib appetizer, lobster fried rice which has huge pieces of lobster in it, Chinese sausage fried rice, grilled lamb chops (awesome), barbeque pork tenderloin (always cooked perfectly) and pan seared sea bass!  All of the dishes are exquisitely prepared and presented.  The chefs really take their time to make everything look and taste delicious.  Your taste buds will definitely be on a high!
If you still have room after dinner, definitely get dessert.  The "dip sum" doughnuts are heavenly.  They come with three dipping sauces, each one outstanding.  Also, the chocolate bento box is to die for.  
A must go if you are in the Philly area.We went here for restaurant week and the food was quite tasty! My sea bass and shitake mushrooms were to die for! The service was great, and overall a great dining experience.  I will say our bill came to be larger than we all thought since we did the restaurant week pre fixed, but it was still worth it!Well done Steven Starr.  Anyone that can get Edamame Ravioli to taste like you guys do, knows how to cook.
Oh and the Sea bass is out of this world.  Memorable decor too.  Been here twice and will most likely be back the next time I'm in Philly.This place clearly gets by on its reputation as a Starr restaurant, but I found it difficult to rate any lower than 4 stars...
The service is solid, the atmosphere is perfect for nearly any type of date, and the food is spot on.  Yes, it is a bit pricy, but it is in olde city.  While its reputation might get you in the door, Buddakan does manage to keep you there...Reminds me of the nightclub, Tao, in Vegas (same high prices and exaggerated pan-Asian décor)  BUT...Tao is fun and so is Buddakan.  Great selection of quality fusion food for a guaranteed good meal.
We ordered:
--Edamame Dumplings ($13.50) -- Highly recommended.  It's interesting how the seemingly boring bean can make for such a tasty filling. 
--Pan Seared Sea Bass ($36) -- Pricey, I'm a sucker for sea bass entrée and this one is one of the better ones.  Ultra buttery texture, in a bed of wild mushrooms.  Mushrooms are a pretty salty, but taken with a bite of fish makes it just right. 
--Crab Fried Rice ($19.50) -- Very hearty dish.  FYI -- it's made with sticky rice which is MUCH more filling than regular white rice, but in my opinion much more tasty!  Comes piled high in a crab shell -- definitely a dish to share.
--Chocolate Bento ($?) -- Fun way to finish the meal.  Includes everything from truffles, to cheesecake, to mousse.  Not sure that all are "chocolate."  To be shared with at LEAST 3 people.
--"Zen-gria" (Sangria. $36 for Pitcher) -- Great light sangria.  Floral and fruity.Pricey, but amazing!  Try the Chilean sea bass as an appetizer, and definitely get the curried cauliflower side.  The dim sum were also very good, especially the wonton soup dumplings!  The customer service was also excellent.While we had to wait quite a bit for our table despite making reservations, we enjoyed some drinks at the downstairs bar while biding our time.
Service was impeccable from the start. My favorite food items were the edamame dumplings and the sea bass. Oh, the sea bass - so delicious, and this coming from a person who is not a huge fan of fish.
You owe it to yourself to come here at least once in your life.My partner and I have long intended to try Buddakan, and decided to do so for restaurant week. Given all the hype around this place, we were underwhelmed. The ambiance is nice, and it is a great place for a date. That said, the food was good to mediocre, and the service was mediocre to poor. I was out of water for much of my meal, despite asking for more. The best part? The cocktails and dessert. While the cocktails are pricey, they are delicious and different! And the crying chocolate cake exceeded my very high dessert expectations. Perhaps our lackluster experience was an artifact of restaurant week, but I don't feel the need to try again - there are so many restaurants in the city where you can enjoy a much better meal at a much better price.Having perused the glowing reviews of Buddakan before I went, my expectations were very high.  For the most part, they were met.  I think had I not gone during restaurant week, I would have given Buddakan 5 stars.  Their restaurant week menu is quite small and they do limit their portion sizes, hence the 4 stars.
For the first course, I ordered the shrimp and scallop spring rolls.  It was by far my favorite course.  They were lightly fried, so that they weren't too heavy, and the shrimp and scallops were perfectly tender and seasoned.
For the main dish, I had chicken and cashews.  It was very yummy, but not extraordinary.  For restaurant week, it was a decent portion size.
For dessert, I ordered the crying chocolate, which is to die for.  It is rich and you may have trouble finishing it, but if you are a chocolate lover, it is a must.  It is served with a lovely scoop of mango sorbet.
The ambiance is very pleasant.  The decor is fascinating, the noise level is fairly high, and everyone there is very trendy.
We went for my friend's birthday and they served her dessert (dip sum doughnuts) with a sparkler in it, which was very fun.
I would definitely reccomend Buddakan, but if you are willing to spend a bit more, avoid it during restaurant week.The hosts were very nice, and our waitress was quick and attentive. The decor is really nice and the atmosphere was welcoming. I was here on a rainy Tuesday and it was surprisingly busy, I was happy that we had made a reservation.
I wasn't a fan of our seating because we were seated next to giant pillar, so my friend had to walk around the pillar and 2 tables to get to the other side.
They had a vegetarian menu which was nice but it was a little confusing and contained mainly sides.
My friend got the seabass, and he's still raving about it, and I really enjoyed the vegetable dumplings for an appetizer. I would definitely recommend ordering one of their specialty drinks, I really like 'Joy' and 'Zen-gria'.This place was AMAZING. The food wss seasoned well and cooked to perfection. Every course.
The service was above the top. I visit many fine dining establishments in Seattle where I live and my server tonight topped them all. He was attentive, informative, helpful. The resurgent is accommodating with substitutions. 
It was an amazing dining experience for a solo traveler. I would go out of my way to come back if I could.Had tuna spring roll, scallion duck, black pepper beef and lobster fried rice~ All of them are good with glass of wine!We had a wonderful meal , in a wonderful environment , that has a very New York feel !        The Asian inspired menu , is like nothing else in Philadelphia !I enjoy Buddakan's environment. The ambience is breathtaking. The food is delicious and the menu is impressive. I will agree that the prices and some of portions can be small but that is not unusual for restaurant at this level with that kind of food quality, so I think the price is justified.I've come here on a couple of different occasions and I've enjoyed it every time. The decor is very modern and the big Buddha statue in the middle of the restaurant is quite a sight. The dishes are Asian fusion and one can find noodle dishes for one person or bigger dishes that you can share. I would try whatever suits your taste buds at the moment. But save room for dessert and try the creme brulee. I still crave the creme brulee from Buddakan =9 If you want a quieter place to dine, ask for seating upstairs. It is definitely more intimate and quiet.I came here for restaurant week. Food was good - everything was fresh and interesting. I probably ate too much of the Asian Ceasar to give the other courses a true chance. Desserts were good especially the fruit one. It is fun and may return for a special occasion. It's pricey and I am afraid it's not my style for Asian food. Have fun and enjoy the cocktails and atmosphere and order lots of little things to share.Overnight trip with the GF to Philly. 
Dinner.
Food- Was pretty good. We have one back at home in NYC
Service- Very friendly
Ambiance- Perfect date spot. Dark
We decided to grab dinner here.
I definitely recommend trying the edamame dumplings.
It's very unique, as it has a rich creamy filling that doesn't seem to taste like the raw edamames you eat at Japanese restaurants.
Also got some pork dumplings, which were meh.
The whole chicken we got here was ok too...nothing crazy to rave about.
I like their twist with the asian cocktails.
Very tasty and I got a chance to sample a few of them.
This isn't your normal cheap asian restaurant, so be prepared to pay.
GF paid the tab so I'll have to pamper her later lol.My most favorite restaurant of all time. I also visit the AC location.
Service is impeccable, food is amazing, decor is fantastic.
Boyfriend and I have patronized this establishment many times but we constantly come back here for anniversary dates. Everything we've ever ordered has made our mouths salivate and burst into explosions of perfectly balanced flavors.
In short, I can't pick a favorite dish because everything is amazing. We've had Peking Duck Buns, King Crab Tempura, Tea Smoked Spare Ribs (OMG THE BEST), Kobe Beef Satay (I order this almost every time). We've also had various dumplings which are spectacular. We've had the Five Spice Duck Breast, Char Grilled Aged Beef (Kickass!), Grilled Lamb Chops (YUM!), BBQ Pork Tenderloin (least favorite but still yummy), Pad Thai, Korean Beef Fried Rice (boyfriend's absolute favorite), and various side dishes. 
I think we've had almost half the menu so far and it's difficult to order anything different because we know the things we've ordered are so delicious... there is no need to change but I'm also confident that whatever we do decide to order would still be amazing.
We've spent 6 anniversaries here already and love this place so much. You can't go wrong with almost anything on the menu. The drinks are good too! I just wished this place had the Lychee martini like their AC location!Buddakan is one of my very favorite restaurants in Philly. The food is consistently excellent and I have never had anything less than awesome service. 
I can't say anything that hasn't already been said, so just go there and experience it for yourself.Not a really good choice for new year Prix-fixe menu. Very pricey. The ambience is good.
Will try the A La Carte on a regular day.The food is good and the restaurant layout is great. Some of the entrees are not worth the money in terms of how much food you get and when you are hungry this can be a big problem, but overall it is tasty stuff!After hearing so many of my friends rave about this place, I was actually a little let down when I came here for Restaurant Week.
Don't get me wrong. The food here was quite good and wonderfully presented. It just didn't seem to live up to all the hype that my friends gave it.
For my lunch, I tried the Thai Chicken Salad, the Tea Smoked Spare Ribs, and the Kobe Beef Slider. Everything tasted great, but none of it really stood out as something that I wouldn't be able to get at any other Asian restaurant (aside from the Kobe Beef Slider). The Tea Smoked Spare Ribs were a lot dryer than I expected, and while the taste was good, it just really didn't seem worth the price.
On the plus side, I tried the "Dip Sum" doughnuts for dessert, and I highly recommend them! The five spice doughnuts were pure sugary, fried goodness, and the chocolate sauce and the gingered cream cheese complemented the doughnuts incredibly well. You get three fairly large doughnuts with each order, and they come presented in a Chinese take-out box. Dessert was definitely the highlight of my meal at Buddakan, and I would come back here just to try this awesome dish again!
The restaurant's decor creates a very pleasant high-end dining atmosphere, and it's almost worth going just to be able to have a meal in front of the gigantic Buddha.
If you're interested in cocktails or drinks, the Zen-gria has a very light taste that I enjoyed. It was the perfect accompaniment to my lunch, and I would recommend it to people who are indecisive when it comes to the drink menu.
Buddakan. Not a bad experience. It just didn't live up to all the hype.Sooooio good I got the tuna pizza, the dumping sampler, the peaking duck thing and also the lobster king whatever vey very good I'm super fullWe went here for a work group dinner and while I can't say that I liked everything I tried, I thought it was a very good experience.  We had over 20 people so we were a large group to handle.  We had several waiters and waitresses handing our table which was nice because it would have been a lot for just one person.
For an appetizer we got the chicken dumplings, the chicken and shrimp egg rolls, the edamame dumplings, and Caesar salad.  Everything was delicious except that contrary to popular opinion we did not like the edamame dumplings.  The way the edamame were mashed up made it a weird consistency.  The salad actually had a ginger dressing on it which made it more exciting than a regular Caesar salad.  The chicken dumplings and the salad were probably the favorites.
For entrees we had the lamb chops, black pepper chicken, cashew chicken, cod, wasabi mashed potatoes, steamed rice, and Chinese broccoli.  I didn't try the rice but it looked like regular rice.  The wasabi mashed potatoes were light and a nice consistency but I'm not sure how much I liked having wasabi in it.  The black pepper chicken was super strange and actually crunchy.  I was not a fan.  I did really like everything else though! 
For dessert we had an assortment as well and I think the consensus of the group was that the donuts were the best.  The cheesecake with strawberry ice cream was probably my second favorite.  We also had a warm dark chocolate brownie like cake that was good but very rich.  There were a couple other items that I didn't catch the description of but based on how little remained on the plate I think people liked them! 
I'm only visiting so I can't say I'll be back here but I would definitely recommend it!I went to Morimoto a few weeks back, so when I received an email notifying me about Philadelphia Restaurant Week, I immediately hopped on the world wide interweb to find out which restaurants were participating in the amazing deals ($35 for a three course meals in eateries such as Le Bec Fin, Buddakon, Alma de Cuba, Lacroix, etc). Naturally after my first exemplary experience at a Stephen Starr Facility, I thought I would try Buddakan--a restaurant I had heard reigned the Philadelphia Asian Fusion Foodie Scene for years. 
I made a reservation for 3 for Sunday at 9:45 (their only reservation a week before the first evening of restaurant week--my fault I know, but I'm a late eater, so I'd prefer something around that time). 
The con: Valet Parking was $18.00 which is a bit of thievery--you would think that you could offer a complementary valet, especially with your location on Chestnut Street where parking is minimal (if not impossible) at best. But ok, All is forgiven (kind of..I'm still kind of spiteful..) 
Walking through the doors, you're presented with an artfully designed space, with a waterfall, serene lighting and a polite crew greeting you at the front desk. Our coats were taken and we were guided to our table, a nice corner seat with a view of the first floor which was to die for, with the Buddha drawing attention in the center of the room. The music was trendy and lent to the ambiance--it was very loud--but our ears quickly grew accustomed and it was not uncomfortable (keep in mind, again first night of restaurant week and every single table was full). 
Our waiter was sweet and attentive--quickly asking us if we would prefer iced or bottled water, and giving us a few moments to review their drink list. First on my drink list: Zen-gria. I had heard it was great, and a must try (it must be if they sell it by the pitcher or by the glass). Unfortunately (according to the waiter it was a first and he apologized profusely)  they were out so I ordered guilt--a cocktail with champagne, some other good alcohol and blood orange juice. It was perfect--smooth, crisp and slightly tart (which complimented the crisp bite of the champagne). 
First course: I ordered the shrimp and scallop spring-rolls, "the boy" (as he has come to be called in my reviews ;) ) ordered the grilled octopus, and my mom ordered the tea marinated short rib. They all came out, and we decided to share--a little bit of everything (I almost ordered the edamame ravioli because I heard they were so good, but I was in a seafood mood last night). The octopus (Ok, Ok, I cant get past the little suction cups on the legs--big texture issue for me) was good (I had the middle part, sans legs--but of course I couldn't cut them off either so the boy did for me), the spare ribs were tender and seasoned wonderfully (I do not not not eat meat, and it usually makes me sick, but if I want it, I eat it) and the spring rolls? well, they were divine--the mustard and sweet sauces served as an accompaniment were fantastic and gave it the right little "oomph" it needed.
Main Course: I ordered the Sweet & Spicy Scallops (four delicious diver scallops, served over a sweet and spicy sauce with sweet corn, and spicy tofu chunks which I promptly engulfed), the boy ordered the short rib (so tender, it pulled apart) with mushroom chow fun (oh.my.word, I could live off of it!) and my mom ordered the pan seared crusted tuna which was cooked wonderfully--slightly browned on the outside and a gorgeous shade of fresh tuna red inside and displayed magnificently. 
Desert: Dip Sum Donuts (sugar donut things) with a raspberry sauce, a gingered cream cheese, and chocolate sauce, the boy got the crying chocolate cake (a molten lava cake type thing) with a decadent dark chocolate center with morsels of crunch chocolate providing a great textural companion for the smooth chocolate filling and velvety, warm chocolate cake, served with a fantastic vietnamese chocolate ice cream. My mom ? Well, she went with a warm carrot cake served with a panna cotta icing (to die for, so decadent) and what seemed to be a curried ice cream (fantastic) and a mango-carrot puree for your dipping pleasure--and my was it a pleasure!)
Even with the $35.00 three course meal, with drinks (2 each with the exception of the boy who got a beer and was good to go {so technically three}) we spent $168.00 plus a $35.00 tip and $23.00 valet (hey, gotta tip them!) and $5.00 for coat check--you're looking at $230.00ish for three--however, their regular menu is reasonably priced, and you do not have to get a signature cocktails (but when you're paying less for food, may as well pay more for drinks ;) )
I was extremely happy with everything--service, food, ambiance. I am extremely excited to try other Stephen Starr establishments as soon as possible (Pod is next on my list, so is Butcher and Singer)
I loved restaurant week so much I made reservations at Chifa for next Sunday :) 
Go try it! Now!This was an all around great dining experience. From our appetizers and drinks to our entrees, everything was perfectly prepared. The service was also stellar.I had high expectations about this place as I learned about Buddakan in my F&B class. Nice decor, we were seated quickly, as we had reservations. Our waitress was really attentive, and friendly.  She would ask if we wanted to add more pieces to the meal so that everyone could have a share of the dish. And she seemed informed about the menu. The place was crowded and really loud, as we had a hard time hearing each other. 
Buddakan is a family style dining experience. Which was fine because my friends and I share food all the time. The serving sizes were relatively small and pricey, but you are paying for quality here. I would definitely return!Great decor with giant Buddha watching as I eat. Great location in historic district. The edamame dumplings are outstanding little pillows of sheer joy. To be honest I couldn't figure out where the edamame was, it's all very creamy and fluffy inside. The miso cod was also delicious.stephen starr is bumming me out.  the ambiance of his restaurants is great, but the food has not met expectations. true of continental, true of buddakan.  
in general, everything was over-sauced.  the peking duck buns were okay....but i hope people know that there are better ones to be had in general.  the meat was a little charred and overcooked, and the sauce was too heavy.  the crab sticky rice was strangely appealing even though i wouldn't know if there was crab in there, but probably not worth $20.  it was basically a tasty fried rice.  and the pepper beef was just flat out terrible.  way too much sauce.
on the upside, the service is really as good as everyone says.  everyone was super friendly and cheerful.
anyway, bottom line is there are much better restaurants in philly to try with better value.   i'm not in any hurry to come back.I've been to Buddakan a dozen of times but never reviewed. Its good. Always and consistently. Not everything is amazing, but overall you know you will get yummy food when going there. Atmosphere is great! 
Recently I went with a family party. It was our first time sitting at the long lit up table in the middle and staring right at Buddha's belly. Great spot! Family can get a little crazy but service was excellent and waiter was on top of everything, including a bunch of weird requests from my relatives.
Drinks were hit or miss. My margarita was probably one of the worsts of my life. Disappointing, for the price. I tried my husband's mojito and it was pretty excellent. 
We had a bunch of dishes, some more memorable than others. 
 - Crispy calamari salad, which used to be my absolute favorite, seemed very salty. Maybe my tastes have changed, but I did not enjoy it as much as usual. 
 - Peking Duck salad had very little actual duck by the time it got to me, so I cannot attest for the flavor of that dish. 
 - Kobe beef Satay were yummy. Very nicely grilled. Tempura vegetables plentiful and crispy. 
 - Hoisin glazed pork belly with the steamed buns I could eat all day every day. It was my first time trying this dish and I was in love from the very first bite. The marinated cabbage that accompanied the sweet and fatty pork belly was a delight. 
 - Edamame dumplings were yum. The slight truffle flavor was not overpowering in the slightest. 
 - Spare ribs were delicious. I would probably get that again. I was not as impressed with the char grilled aged beef however. I thought it lacked seasoning and flavor. The watercress salad mentioned on the menu was kind of non-existent. Lost underneath the humongous pile of szechuan fries. 
 - The lamb chops were excellent! Although ours were not cooked to the temperature specified and were much more rare. 
 - Wasabi crusted filet was not my favorite. I tried the part without the wasabi crust on it and it was completely and utterly bland. My husband loved it.
 - Pad Thai was good but nothing to write home about. Very typical.
 - Chinese eggplant WAS and IS my absolute favorite dish at Buddakan. I always order extra just so I can take home. For $9 its the cheapest thing on the menu and oh so good!! 
We had the donuts for dessert and they are delicious only as fried pieces of dough can be.I love this place.  This is THE place I hit whenever I'm in Philly.
The Wok Cashew Chicken, Black Pepper Beef, Pad Thai, the Wasabi Mashed Potatoes, the sake options, the location, the atmosphere, the service . . . no need to continue.  
5 Stars! Perfect.The absolute best!!!  I have never had a better sea bass. It was so good I was eating it instead of the filet mignon we ordered. Everything was delicious!I have been to Buddakan in the past and I think the environment is chic and modern. I love the artistic bit in regards to the chair covers of friends of family of the owners. 
The issue that I had here is a moral and upsetting one that was not handled properly. I have been in the service industry for 8+ years, from restaurants to hotels to conference centers to event planners and have never felt like my needs were more ignored. 
I am a practicing vegetarian for over 6 years and went to Buddakan for restaurant week, twice. Once with friends and once with my boss and coworker. I had the vegetable fried rice. Although this does not say 'vegetarian' I believed it also should have informed people that it was not!  To me, that seemed like something that I should be able to consume. Not the case. After ordering and eating half of the side dish, I felt the need to ask the waitress about the ordered meal. Yes, the 'foam' that came with my dish included gelatin. (PS. The Vegetable fried rice on the menu was the only "'vegetarian' looking" option, so that HAD to be vegetarian....right? Nope.) My waitress also did not know this answer right off hand...she had to ask the manager. 
I was horrified! I pushed my meal back and could not eat anything further. My waitress barely apologized, only explaining that she knows that it's 'stupid' that it is on the menu in the way that it was and that she would be upset too...but no apology or trying to fix the situation.  The manager did nothing either to accommodate my discomfort and confusion. NOT COOL.
Also, to say, GOOD THING I asked about the dessert. The mango, something or other had GELATIN in it as well! I cannot win around these parts, I tell you. I am super easy to accommodate, especially in accidental issues such as this. They did nothing!! I was offended and could not eat for the rest of the day. 
Now I must go write a positive review, because I hate hating on people. It just is an issue that I think the restaurant should work on. I expected more of Starr.A definite 'scene' type place.  This is an okay date spot if that's the impression you are trying to leave.  The food was okay. The drinks were okay. The atmosphere was okay but bordering on annoying and contrived.  Probably wouldn't go here if led up to me but perhaps with friends to make fun of other 'super important' patrons as the hostess would have you believe are in there based on the Attitude which is difficult coming from new York where we actually have spots with decent atmospheres without the meatpacking scene.  I'll pass.Host were pushy, drinks were over priced, and the tables were tiny. Other than that food was ok. I'll go to p.f. changs next time I want subpar Asian food.Amazingly good! This restaurant is excellent. The food was spectacular. Can't go wrong with any of the plates they offer!Recently there has been some criticism of Buddakan. For example, in Philadelphia magazine's 2011 edition of the 50 best places to eat right now, Buddakan was ranked the #1 overrated restaurant. There are many restaurants in the city that are severely overrated, and to say that Buddakan is the most overrated restaurant in the city is just silly. 
First off, the decor is amazing, and every time I have been here, my party has to fight over who gets to face the giant Buddha. The service is always on point (as is usually expected from a Starr restaurant). 
The food is fantastic and since it is a family style concept, you get to try a number of dishes. The appetizers and dim sum are the best, so making a meal just out of them is a good way to go. The tea smoked spare ribs are spectacular. They are juicy and fall right off the bone. Other appetizers/dim sum to get are the duck buns, chicken and ginger dumplings, tuna pizza and shrimp toast. Also, if you are craving a salad, get the asian caesar. While you may shy away from it because you may think it is just a caesar...it is not. The dressing is great with a hint of wasabi and there are wontons and nuts instead of croutons. For an entree, get the Chilean sea bass. It is flaky and moist, and has a wonderful marinade. Finally, you must get the dip sum doughnuts. They come out fresh and hot, covered in cinnamon and sugar, with a trio of sauces for dipping. 
Make sure to get a reservation a little in advance if you are coming on a weekend. Also, come for restaurant week if you can.Shockingly good. After 7 years in Philly we finally decided to try what I expected to be an over priced over rated posh restaurant...  I'm pleased to say I was wrong! 
Green curry rock shrimp....so good I had the final few bites for breakfast the morning after....Got this both times and will every time in the future!
Calamari salad...be prepared when ordering the large portion, huge!  A delicious salad dressed perfectly...
Edamame ravioli...tried on our second visit and oh so glad we did, a delicious creamy filling...
The two meats we have tried, lamb and duck were good, but the flavors paled in comparison to the appetizers..
All in all, we will be back...Ate there a few times... Very trendy, good ambiance, a popular touristy spot near Old City. The food is pricey, but there is nothing spectacular about it (j/ like all of Starr's restaurants). Good presentation and plating with food, but I think that it is getting a bit too commercialized for my liking.Amazingg Food!
Besides great service, I had the most amazing beef in the world! I have honestly never had such a juicy overly delicious dish!
I  most definitely recommend Buddakan, make sure you have the 'Char Grilled Aged Beef' - you will love it!!!Family hosted a wedding shower for us here that was amazing. The staff really went out of their way to accommodate vegetarians and those with gluten allergies. The food was delicious and the service was outstanding. One of our favorite places, and we'll be back!Came here Saturday night for my friend's birthday dinner. I have visited the Buddakan in Atlantic City, but have never been to this location. Walking in, there is a large Buddha in the center of the restaurant which is really cool looking. There is a bar where you can grab a drink while waiting for your table. They have many different kinds of sake, and I highly recommend trying one. The bartender was helpful in recommending one for us to try. We were seated promptly for our 8:30 reservation and the place was packed. Our server was very nice, and went over the menu with us. For starters we had the Asian Cesar salad, which was a traditional Cesar, with fried noodles and cashews in it. It was excellent. We also had the dim sum sampler. This was four different kinds of dumpling. The edamame was the best! I had the pork tenderloin for my entrée. It was marinated in an excellent sauce and was very tender. It came with two giant onion rings that were the best I have had. The other entrees the table ordered were the cashew chicken, the sea bass, and the beef. All were really good, but the sea bass really stood out. If I returned, I would definitely get that. If you have never been here, I would highly recommend giving this place a try. It is just another great Stephen Starr restaurant in Philly.Tuna Tataki was fabulous. All the seafood and greens were fresh, just perfectly cooked, and served neatly. Buddhakan offers a good mix of ambience with its high ceilings and large buddha statue, and taste. Our server was very hospitable and forthcoming with recommendations. They adjusted the number of pieces in a starter from 3 to 4 as we were two of us to ensure we don't end up fighting for the yummy appetizers. The cocktails and sake are a great compliment to the food.I'd like to be cool and give this place 4 stars because it's been around for too long and it's overhyped. But the truth is, it hasn't and it isn't. It's still one of the best restaurants in Philadelphia and that's not to say that Philly can't crank out tons of rivaling winners (cause it has)...but since Buddakan has opened it's been among the best of the best and still consistently churns out amaze balls food. The duck dumplings are to die for and I may or may not have killed someone over the last one on the table at one point in my life.Buddakan is one of my favorite restaurant , whatever Im in a certain city , if a Buddakan location is there than I try my best to visit . I been to this location many times, don't have any complaints . 
I made reservations the night before on a  Saturday 
for Sunday dinner 6:30pm
I arrived at the restaurant at 5:50pm and was able to be seated immediately. Service great atmosphere mellow  comfortable , I would say its very dark inside so when its a beautiful day out its hard to notice but thats there style so I like it . I had Edamame Dumplings 
tru ed sauternes-shallot broth for appetizer , chicken lo mein for my main course , for dessert chocolate bento box , everything was so delicious , the manager did drift by asking me if everything was ok . What a phenomenal Restaurant 
I also ordered the 
Passion Fruit Lemonade
passion fruit, peach lemon sugar drink 
which had something in it , they fixed it as well it off my bill . When I was leaving the restaurant did to start to get busy like around 7pmMy friend's brother recommended the place.  In is located in Society Hill, a pretty cool spot in downtown Philly.  The staff was really friendly, which I appreciate since I was dining alone.  Nor did they persuade me to eat at the bar since I was alone.  My waitress was very friendly and offer good suggestions.  I had a refreshing ginger and lemon infused martini.  It was sweet, but not too sweet.  I had scallops for my entree and it was tasty and cooked perfectly.  I finished my dinner with chocolate and banana bread pudding.  I usually don't go for bread pudding, but this one was one of the best I've had.  I really enjoyed my dining experience at Buddakhan and wish there were more spots ike this in LA.5/2008 - Late entry:  Came here on a group function. We had a wonderful time! We sat at the long table with the BIG BUDDA!
 It was like a community style feast. Wasabi Tuna Pizza, Pan Seared Diver Scallops, Wasabi Mashed Potatoes, Sweet and Crispy Shrimp, Grilled Terayaki Salmon, Noodles. Beef....it just went on...KUDOS!  Then came the desserts.....Buddakan Creme Brulee, Chocolate Pagoda, Dim Sum Donuts, Banana Tower. It was delicious!
Must try drinks: Geisha, Mandarin Blossom, Tickled Pink, MilleniumI didn't read the reviews until after we ordered our food.. By reading the reviews I knew I was going to have the best meal of my life..... After eating my food, I will have to revisit this place before I can make that decision. I will however, give it 4 stars because I ordered to go. We all know that ordering on the go taste a little different than in the restaurant. With that said, I will give its 5th star next time I'm in Philly ;-)Few are the restaurants that offer dishes with tastes that really, truly, deeply linger your mouth after every bite. specifically, the edamame ravioli. at Buddakan. I mean, phenomenal. It's one of those meals that you savor slowly-and-oh-so-indulgently wishing it will never end. Believe me, I eat fast and a lot. And edamame ravioli simply made me want to keep loving it and tasting it, faithfully and endlessly. 
The Korean Beef Fried Rice was really nothing special...I've had better in Korea town NYC. 
Barbecue Pork Tenderloin---nice, tender, juicy. What makes this dish are the GIANT onion rings, so if you're a fan (or find their view enticingly delicious on the table next to yours), definitely try this dish! 
Dessert: forgot the name but it was a ginger, apricot tempura with green tea cake and vanilla ice cream. I DIE for the apricot tempura. DELICIOUS!Buddakan is one of the best Asian fusion restaurants in Philadelphia hands down. Serene, romantic, and elegant atmosphere (dim lighting, tea candles, ambient chill music)--perfect place for any occasion--romantic or casual date, birthday celebration (they put a sparkler on the birthday dessert), or if you want some really great food with a relaxing atmosphere and hand crafted cocktails. All of the menu items are perfect for sharing. 
Do not leave without trying the edamame dumplings they are clouds that melt in your mouth (the same women have been making them for 20+ years). The cinnamon doughnuts have been on the menu since it's doors have opened and they are also delicious. Peking duck is the best I have ever had. I have not eaten anything I don't like.The Chilean Sea Bass is the best food I've ever tasted...ever.  I have dreams of it, and crave it frequently.  Great for a special occasion.Great first time experience, came with a friend. Edamame Ravioli - great creamy filling, but only 3 pieces to share. Mongolian Barbecue Beef Short Rib - so tender, meat literally fell off the bone as we touched it, great sauce too. Korean Beef Fried Rice - strong seasonings, packed with flavor. Crying Chocolate - so rich, nice treat to top off a great meal.Had a really delicious meal here with my husband before we hopped over  to the Ritz Bourse around the corner for movie night. 
Started off with the sashimi- loved the little popped rice crunches and  citrus vinaigrette ! I could have slurped it right up. 
Then to my surprise because my husband hates meat on bone- he ordered the Korean duck wings and he slurped them right off the bone. Unreal to see that. He loved them. 
He also ordered the soup dumplings ( I loved them but the soup was already leaking out of most of them and I couldn't bite the top off, the dumpling was a bit small and tough to break through, the one in tack burst and exploded so I wasn't able to get the soupy part. I did use the sauce from Szechuan pork dumpling to dip my other dumplings in. So delicious. 
We then got the wasabi tuna with ginger women noodles. 
When it was time for that our waiter said it was traditional to add a side like wasabi mashed potato. So we got that. Which was weird in retrospect because we totally didn't need it, we had a big portion of pasta under the fish! And we were pretty stuffed so we ended up taking the whole mashed potato home. Which was fine because my husband was pretty excited to add it to his lunch the next day. 
Over all, except the soup dumplings, it was a success!I had originally written  poor review for this restaurant. Thi restaurant has been my favorite restaurant for years and amazingly they sent me a  gift letter to apologize for my bad experience. on 3/24/13. I adord this restaurant and this shows that they are indeed a class act Can't wait to return.Place delivered. Lamb chops were great but the wasabi crusted fillet had no wasabi which is upsetting being a huge wasabi lover. Zen-gria always good and edamame rav are excellent. Nice place good food.  Portions for apps are small compared to price.It seems lately that a major city cannot put itself on the culinary map without having a high-end, Asian-fusion-whatever-you-want-to-call-it type of restaurant.  Buddakan does not disappoint and puts an otherwise uneventful city on the map for me.
The interior is clean, modern, spacious and classy.  The 30' Budda sitting serenely mid-restaurant seems out of place in this busy, boisterous eatery in which the food seemed to come almost instantaneously.  
Our waiter was typical but very nice.  Not too pushy and offering guidance when asked.  Just right.  The food is the main attraction (naturally) and did not disappoint.  Our group of 5 ate mostly appetizers and a few entrees shared amongst the group.  Note:  ORDER SLOWLY.  The meals are VERY large and can easily be shared by 3-4 people.  Plus the food comes at an outrageously fast pace, so no need to worry that ordering later will tack on an additional hour to your experience.
And now to the food:
Edamame ravioli - perfect in every way conceivable.  This was my favorite dish of the evening.
Tuna pizza - my least favorite of the evening.  Not enough ingenuity to merit taking up 1/5 of my stomach space.  Must save room for the others.
King Crab Dumplings - sublime. A must try.
Chicken and Ginger Dumplings  - better than the King Crab (but order both for comparison  . . . .the taste differences are hard to explain).
Asian chicken caeser salad - a literal Mount Fuji of salad.  Terrific.  Might have been slightly better if served toward the beginning of our meal.
Pad Thai (chicken) - The wait staff's accomodation for swapping shrimp for chicken was very much appreciated.  Although the pad thai was "great" by my wife, it certainly was not amazing.  Our definitive best pad thai of all time in Bangkok.  I felt the executive chef needed to revamp this dish so the level of quality matched the other items.
And to wash it all down:  cold sake and Japanese beer.  For all of these items the total bill clocked in at about $40pp.  An excellent value and a pleasurable experience.  I would certainly come back if I ever stray as far as Philadelphia again.I really like place! The food here never seem to let me down. We came here on Sunday 3/08 for a birthday dinner for my MIL. We made reservation in advance so there was no problem with seating us. The waiter and staff was very friendly and attentive. We enjoyed and finished everything we ordered, but the pan-seared sea-bass was out of this world! We all loved it.Wanted to try everything on the menu! I loved the ambience. The waiter was very helpful and gave lots of feedback on every dish that I had questions on. He gave an honest and good opinion (which is refreshing). They have a pitcher of Zen-gria with peaches on the menu that my husband wasn't that thrilled about trying since he's not a big fan of Saki but we asked our waiter his thoughts and he told us that they had another pitcher of Zen-gria with raspberries that was a special for the night and was only $30!! For a whole pitcher!!! He said it wasn't as sweet as ther peach one and he liked it better so we got it. It was deeelish and my husband and I were very happy (and loopy) by the time we left.
So.. we got the duck buns for starters. I wasn't a big fan, but he loved them.  I just thought the duck had a wierd taste to it, like they mixed a spice they should have with it. For our entrees, I got the pork tenderloin and the hubster got another daily special of sea bass with some type of seasoning and oranges. I thought the waiter said there was a black bean spread on it, but when it came out there were no black beans (like Mexican style) but whatever was on it was yummy.  The whole dish was really good and cooked perfectly. The manager kept coming to see if we were enjoying our meals and she said they may add the bass to the permanent menu you if it's there when you go, try it.  The tenderloin I ordered was ridiculous! It was sooooooo good that ... I don't know... it was just really really good. It came with chinese broccoli which was the perfect compliment. I ate it ALL. I will definitely go back and get that. We split the wasabi mashed potatoes. They were really good too and went really well with both our meal.  They went reallty really well with my meal so I ate most of them :)
Can't stop there; it's a date night! You have to get dessert!!  We got the chocolate tart with the carmel cream and vanilla ice cream and bananas with brulee crust on them. We split it. I should have made him get his own. It was the best thing on the dessert menu fo' sho'.
Anyway, I can't wait to go back. You should go too. $30 for a whole pitcher!!! It lasted us through the whole meal. That's cheaper than a bottle of wine at Olive Garden.So I give this place 4.5 's . It would get five if it wasn't so loud I could hardly hear what I was saying let alone what my boyfriend was saying lol. Other then that it was excellent! The food was amazing wish the portions were a tad bit bigger but hey it is what it is . Our server was very attentive and our food came out in good timing. The place is very dim very romantic like. The bathrooms were so clean and so was the dining area. I would definitely come back . The food is a lil pricey but I feel it's well worth the money I had a great time.My husband and I have lived in the city for a few years and finally tried Buddakan. We heard good things from friends and were looking forward to it.
I knew that on weekends it has a vibrant, (noisy) club atmosphere; so we went on a Thursday night expecting it wouldn't be too loud.  Although the restaurant was about half-full, and there was loud music; we were still able to have a conversation and talk to each other. 
There are a few other reviews that have the opinion that the cuisine is boring and overpriced; that's right on the money, (sorry about the pun). 
We had:
- Hoisin Glazed Pork Belly (perfectly fine)
- Spicy Rock Shrimp Bao Buns, (tasty, but too much creamy sauce. mayo?)
- Dim Sum Sampler (soooo boring. I actually disliked the pureed edamame dumpling. flavorless).
- Pad Thai
- Five-Spice Duck Breast (un-inspired).
- Miso Black Cod (my favorite of the bunch).
Food wasn't bad per se; just lacked flavor or creativity. For lackluster pad thai; I'd just as soon pay a third of the price and go to my divey thai place around the corner.
Also, the menu had lots of dumplings and steamed buns. . . .Wasn't very interesting, kind of thought of it as decoy food, (dull starchy food to fill you up). 
There are a million other less-fancy restaurants that have better and/or less expensive food. And  plenty of classy fine-dining places that have more talented chefs. 
I did have a couple of cocktails, and they were pretty tasty. Alas, I don't remember which one.
All in all, I don't see us returning.Buddakan is one of the first restaurants to get the restaurant scene started as we know it today.  If you like food and are in Philadelphia, this a must try.  
We share entrees just about everywhere we go and this trip was no exception.  Our style is especially perfect for Buddakan as they serve the dishes family style as their standard.  The interior is dimly lit and this calls attention to the giant Buddha hanging out off to the side.  The service is perfect - silverware, drinks, wine, and food is all handled with care and timing is perfect when everything arrived at our table.
For food, we ordered an appetizer of dim sum.  Not quite sure what kind of meat was in them but the puff pastry was cooked to perfection and the insides were just the right temperature.  For dinner, we shared Scallops, Pork Tenderloin and a side of Wasabi Mashed Potatoes.  It was all incredible.  Both the scallops and pork were perfectly tender and the sauces were used in the right amounts.  Of course, you can't have a good meal like this without a good wine paired with it.  This is where one should be advised/prepared to pay a huge markup to have a wine served in a restaurant of this stature.  We had a Cab Sav that was $65 on the menu despite being $16 online.  Understandably, these markups are normal, but just be prepared to pay 400% of what it costs outside the restaurant and all that Buddakan does is have their server open the bottle to earn the $45 markup.
The desert will stick with me.  It was a gelato made from raspberries along with a fluffy puff cake made with vanilla bean and wasabi.  Excellent. 
Overall, be prepared to spend about $150-$200 to really appreciate Buddakan from start to finish - and be prepared for it to be worth what you paid.Gorgeous restaurant and great customer service!  Had a reservation on a Saturday night at 9:30 and was seated at 10, but was given complimentary edamame dumplings and pork dumplings since my friend has a mushroom allergy.  Very very nice!  They even gave my friend a special menu with entrees with no mushrooms in it.  The edamame dumplings were phenomenal!  As an entree I had the sweet and crispy jumbo shrimp and it was amazing and so filling!  I can't wait to go back to Buddakan!I'm lucky enough to work within walking distance. Buddakan is our go to place for birthday lunches or just a pick-me-up when we need a treat. For lunch, I think the prices are great considering what you get. Our favorites are the dumplings, the calamari salad (I can salivate just thinking about that!), lobster fried rice, shrimp pad thai and wok cashew chicken. Only reason I don't give 5 stars is that some dishes/sauces are too high in salt content, otherwise I'd go once a week!Buddakan was doing small plate fusion food well ahead of the curve.  Portion sizes are always surprising- they'll either blow your hair back with their size or make you wonder if you should have ordered two.  But this all balances out, so there's nothing to worry about.  
The giant smiling golden Buddha is a strange but quickly forgotten part of the decor, the throbbing music is maybe another story.  I couldn't help but wonder if there's a trendy restaurant somewhere in Asia with a giant golden crucifix smirking over the diners.I'll keep this one pretty short. The ambiance was cool, service was outstanding, but I felt the food was vastly overrated.I really enjoyed myself here the other night. Went by myself (pity party..lol). Being that I was alone I couldn't really order too much food and what not.
First I had the "Guilt" drink...a champagne like drink. I think the appetizer menu is much to sing about. 
In my attempt to decrease my intake of meat/chicken products, I went for the seafood option Crispy shrimp and scallop spring roll...very tasty esp with the sweet sauce it was served it. At this point I was glad to be dining alone so I could eat it all to myself MAUWAAHHAAHH.
I did feel guilty while eating it...I guess my drink (guilt) was kicking in then. I felt guilty that I wasn't eating another appetizer (lol), so i ordered another- Kobe Beef Satay...uhmm sorry yall, but I had to ask for the waiter to take that back. 
It had a very charred taste...like it was burnt  and even after dipping it in the soy sauce the taste was still there. I couldn't only eat one bite, one bite which i wanted to spit out but I was trying to stay classy, I just swallowed it instead of spitting out "projectile" style across the room.
I was really getting stuff now, just after the appetizer. My main meal was the lobster fried rice ONLY because who ever sent me here told me this dish was delish. It was very tasty, I had to take most of it home because I was just too stuffed. At home, I added some hot sauce to it to take it to a whole 'nther level.
I really enjoyed the atmosphere there. oh oh, let me not forget dessert. I had the Crying Chocolate (coffee ice cream with warm brownie)..very rich BUT I would have preferred it with just plain vanilla ice cream.
I had a nice time over all, I think it would be great with a small of people also because that way you can order multiple items and get a real tasting.Try the lobster fried rice for an entree.  The calamari is terrific for an appetizer.  It's huge, and is salad and calamari.  We couldn't finish it.  The crab tempura was awesome too.  Stay away from the Malbec / Mendoza though.Why 2 stars? We sat in the worst possible table ever in the restaurant. We sat on the table besides the bar and between the way to the restrooms. 
It was nothing but a bar lounge turned into 3 tables. And it was too loud and people were literally brushing against us near the bar. That was a total turn off and ruined the whole evening. 
Coming back to the food. We ordered vegetable dumplings. They were arranged good. But they were gone on a Jiffy. Just 4 dumplings for 12 bucks? Seriously Buddakan?
My friend ordered a classic Mojito, which was good. So, I did order one, thinking that it would taste the same. But the one which I got was too citrusy. So, I had to send it back. 
I ordered a dragon tofu, which was really delicious. But I am surprised to see, Broccoli stalks in it. I've never seen even the cheapest Chinese restaurants use broccoli stalks. Using undercooked broccoli stalks, instead of the broccoli florets is never considered as Gourmet food.
My friend ordered the Sea bass. As, everyone is mentioning here, it was succulent and yummy. 
Customer service was good. But, the seating in a wrong place, totally turned off the dining experience. So, 2/5I went there with my family for my brother's graduation dinner.  The portions were quite small, as everyone says, but some of them were amazingly good.  Others were ok, but not all of the dishes were worth the high price.  I thought the service was very good, and we enjoyed eating "family style" as they recommend doing.  With 7 of us, 5 appetizers and 4 main courses were plenty, so I guess you can save that way.  
An $11 Asian mojito that is just ok...definitely not worth it.  The edamame raviolis made up for that though, as did the Chilean sea bass and the bento box chocolate desserts.Love the pot sticker appetizers and lambchops. The food was very good and I love the atmosphere very much.Another one of my favorites in Philadelphia. Honestly what I love about the place is so simple to describe: they are so, so accommodating for vegetarians. Have no fear if you are a vegetarian and are worried about the lack of options. When I dined here with my vegetarian friend and he let the waiter know that we were vegetarians, the waiter said not to worry and that he'd bring us some fabulous vegetarian entrees.
We had the edamame dumplings/ravioli, a fried rice dish with coconut cream, and an amazing fried dragon tofu (which was hands down the best tofu dish I've ever tasted). 
I even had some leftovers for the next day and thought they tasted equally amazing, which is always the sign of a great dish.
Beautiful ambiance and amazing "secret" vegetarian options-- what more could you want? Definitely try it out!I had the grand opportunity to eat here for a work function and it was amazing. (It was free for me and I got to try all sorts of things). Let me just say right now - the EDAMAME DUMPLINGS ARE LIFE.  You don't know what to expect and they are literal tender pillows of Heaven.  I probably could have sustained myself on them all night. I also tried the Kobe beef satay - the beef was very tender and flavorful. The calamari salad was amazing - another item I could have eaten all night. The calamari was perfectly tender and the dressing on the salad was light and refreshing and zesty. 
As for entrees, the wasabi crusted filet was good, but it did not blow me away (not for $42).  The pad Thai was also very good, but nothing special with more amazing things on this menu. The Wasabi Tuna Tataki was great - perfectly rare on a bed of these delicious "ginger somen noodles" (also an item I could have noshed on the whole night).  If you're into veggie dishes, the eggplant was very tasty and delicate - rich in flavor. 
Interior of the restaurant was very aesthetically pleasing. Calming. 
Love this place. Will definitely visit again.We were staying nearby at the Omni and placed a pickup order.  The atmosphere seemed cool from the 2 minutes I was there to pick up our food at the bar.
It's a bit pricey and the portions are small, but the food was quite tasty.Awesome food, great atmosphere, nice beer selection. Had the "dip sum" donuts. They're a must try!I love love love this place! Everything is good here. Although I didn't like my drink so I sent it back and just drank wine. The inside of this place is beautiful and the staff were perfect. I will spend my rent money on this place.Food tastes good. 
However it is over priced and the portions are so small that you want to go get a slice of pizza down the street after. 
Save your money and go elsewhere!! 
Trust me! 
I just spent 130$ and may be stopping at the pizza spot down the streetTypical what you would expect. The food was just okay, which is why I would only rate it 3 stars. It's a beautiful restaurant and definitely great for a date night. I would definitely recommend sticking to happy hour. Their cocktails and apps were the highlight along with the atmosphere. With all of the great restaurants nearby, I would most likely try something new next time.My husband took me here for a birthday dinner. We live in NYC, and we have one at home (we don't love that one). Buddakan is my fave restaurant, and people say Philly is the best. We had a reservation, so we were seated right away. We ordered a lychee martini and Buddha's Cup. Lychee martini was not good. Tasted like straight vodka. Not much of a lychee flavor at all. A far cry from the lychee martini of AC which is the best I ever had. Buddha's cup was better, but needed something like more citrus to give it some life. We also ordered a Zen-gria later on, and it was the best drink, but still lacked a little something. Was definitely pretty though. 
For appetizers, we ordered crispy calamari salad, edamame dumplings, and peking duck buns. Crispy calamari salad was great, and edamame dumplings never fail. Peking duck buns I thought was a waste of stomach space, calories, and money. The point of peking duck is to get a piece of that crispy duck skin which didn't exist in these buns, nor much of any duck. I could've bought literally 12 of these buns in NY that would've tasted 100 times better. But hubby wanted it.
For entrees, I ordered the dungeness crab sticky fried rice, and hubby ordered the char grilled aged beef. They were definitely both great, but hubby's dish was orgasmic. The szechuan fries and all the flavors were amazing. He always orders the better entree on my bday dinners.
We were stuffed, but we had to have dessert. We ordered the dip sum donuts because I saw it on "Best Thing I ever Ate" on Food Network. They put a sparking candle on it for my bday which was nice. It came with 3 dipping sauces. They were pretty good. I wouldn't say the best thing I ever ate. 
So overall, a good experience. As for the service, the waiter was attentive, but at the same time it wasn't like he cared. Kinda like ask you something, and is gone before you can answer. But he gave me complimentary chocolate truffles to take home for my bday which was nice. I've tried all 3 Buddakan restaurants, AC is #1, and Philly makes #2.I will put zero if I could!!!!
The Manager was super Rude to me girl friend, he absolutely ruined my night!
I spend $200 dinner and I have to see her crying all night!
This was horrible!!!!
I don't suggest this place to anyone....
Thank you!Overall great place and ambience. When you walk in you're greeted by a large golden Buddha statue which i thought was very cool. The dishes they serve are surprisingly good. For apps I got the foie gras spring rolls. I was curious how they made it and how it would taste. Surprisingly it turned out pretty good. You can def taste the foie gras and there was even a foie gras mousse that came with it. I recommend eating them separately to fully appreciate and taste the delicacy. I also got the sashimi appetizer which was average nothing special. The entree was good tho. Ordered the halibut Which was tender and moist and flavorful. 
Food 4
Price 3
Service 4
Overall 4Came here for restaurant week 2018 with my friends. I reserved for 8:30pm but didn't get seated til almost 9:30pm. I got the chicken and ginger dumplings, bbq tenderloin and donuts. We didn't leave until 11:30pm. It was extremely busy but overall good service and experience! I would come again.I went here for a work function with 12 Council women and it was fantastic! I worked with Diane at Starr Restaurants and she was great planning the event and when we go here, our table was upstairs tucked behind an alcove which was perfect! The food was fantastic! It just kept coming and everything was delicious. We were in LOVE with the scallops and the wasabi mashed potatoes. Then dessert came and we could not resist! The doughnuts were fresh and the caramel, chocolate mousse tart was delicious as well. I will DEFINITELY be back! I must now say that I am hooked on the Budda!!!