Fast.  Fresh.  The carne was very good.  So was the guacamole.  Wish there was the ability to customize taco toppings.  The tortilla chips were too thick.  The dulche de leche  soft serve ice cream was amazingly delicious.  Wish that there was more seating.  Wish that table clean ups were more timely and more thorough.I am obsessed with this place! They have great and quick service. Great place for a affordable, good quality and quick bite (carryout service available ). I always get the fish of the day and it never disappoints.  Today the perch was great but my favorite is Mahi mahi. Love this new addition to Callowhill businesses!This is my second time at Buena Onda, and I'm ordering my favorite dish--the Mahi Mahi tacos. I live in California where there are plenty of Fresh Mex restaurants, but Buena Onda has the best tasting fish tacos hands down. The fish is lightly grilled, moist and seasoned just right wrapped in fresh tortillas, garnished with pickled relish and small thin slices of avocado. The tacos are served in a taco holder which makes it easier to pick up and relish every bite! The restaurant itself is bright and clean, quick service and friendly staff. There are other menu options besides fish and the prices are cheap--fish tacos are at $3.50 per order.Would be firm 4 star place, but the misses were plenty. 
Let's just get it out of the way, the tacos are pretty legit. I eat at the taco trucks and the down and dirty corner stores and these are pretty good. The restaurant did right by not pricing themselves out of this market. It is a tad pricey, but i think it is worth it--$3.50 per. 3 = $10.50. Mexican places hover around 3 for $8-9, so the price point isn't too far off. 
What separates and warrants the additional pricing is the finished product compared to traditional Mexican spots. Instead of just the meat being center attention, there are Buena Onda has additional garnishes that elevate a typical street food. 
I ordered:
-fried mahi mahi
-carnita
-carne
all were pretty good but the winner by a mile was the mahi mahi. I used the red hot sauce (in the jar, not bottle), so i can't review the green one. The red sauce was really nice, added more flavors to the already flavorful tacos.
Here were the misses...
1. my cousin and i ordered 4 tacos. Cashier rang up 3. 
2. we ordered 2 modelos. Cashier rang up 2 modelos AND 1 CORONA
3. we showed him the "rewards" program to get discount. Cashier never gave discount. 
When we paid, i was wondering why it was so high (expecting the discount) and why we got a Corona? Our order was not complex...we did not ask questions. Just put order and paid. I defended the cashier saying "they just opened, must be oversight". BUT, my cousin believes he was high while on the job. OH well. 
ALso, i'm not sure how their system is setup because all 3 tacos came out on one tray. What if two people share 3 tacos like i did? I had to ask for another tray, which wasn't a problem, but inconvenient considering we ordered "separately" but paid all together.This place is absolutely fantastic. Please know that I am Latina and Hispanic (from Argentina and lived in northern Mexico) and I am sufficiently impressed. I ordered their Atlantic Mahi mani tacos which were incredibly fresh and prepared with a variety of ingredients that made the flavors just pop in my mouth. The service is excellent and I also love the fact that they serve beverages that are non-alcoholic and traditionally Mexican (aqua de tamarindo and aqua de Jamaica) as well as red and white sangrias, and Tecate, Corona and Modelo Especial and they have a nice variety of Margaritas. So far I have only tried their classes, but look forward to enjoying the prickly pear one next time.Great Tacos. Cozy atmosphere. They have happy hour and taco Thursdays. Staff are friendly. Affordable. I think
I'll be a frequent visitor.My profe introduced me to this place. You have to get the fried fish tacos. they are the best, first time was the best time. A Mexican Taco without cheese.We had the house specialty fish tacos made with Atlantic Mahi Mahi and a side of black beans. Since this was my first time eating fish tacos, I've nothing to compare them to. They were really good, but I think I liked the side of black beans better! The service was great. Clean establishment.Tried this out for lunch yesterday. Let me start by saying the food was good. I had three tacos--Mahi Mahi, pollo, and carnitas.  They were deliciously prepared and the (what I presume to be) homemade sauces provided great extra flavor. They also have Boylan's fountain soda which is really just to die for. 
And now, the airing of grievances (Seinfeld style):
1. The tacos are pretty small considering the price (about 4 a pop). I guess that might be so you can sample a selection of the offerings but no one wants to feel they're not getting any bang for their buck. 
2. It doesn't seem like there's enough seating to accommodate a lunch crowd. The turnover was fast enough and it wasn't an issue for my crew of four but I could def see it being a problem. 
3. There's at least one discrepancy on the menu (tecate is either $2 everyday or $4.50 depending on where you see it) that annoys me because I think pricing should be straightforward and clear. It just seems to me the error allows for a loophole of charging customers more if they're not looking closely. 
4.  Lastly, the power situation. While we were there yesterday, there was a power outage. I'm in no way blaming that on Buena since it appeared to cover a few blocks in the surrounding area but, the way it was handled by the staff left a lot to be desired. Namely, they just said "sorry folks" and watched as diners attempted to wait it out or customers who hadn't placed orders yet filed out. I would've expected some sort of customer retention effort. After about 10 min of no power (windows allowed plenty of daylight to see), no updates, and increasing heat since the air conditioning was off, we left, too. 
Take away:: a good option if you're looking for a bite in the area, are not committed to eating in their dining area, and bring your reading glasses.So, I've been craving tacos lately like crazy and it's super hard to find a taco place that caters to pescatarians in my area. After finding this place while doing a search for shrimp tacos, I decided to try it this evening with my family members. 
The restaurant is fast casual style, so you go up to the register and place your order either dine in or to go and if you're eating in, they give you a placard with a number to place on your table. 
I ordered the shrimp tacos, one tequila lime style and the other fried. My sister ordered a quesadilla, my brother the nachos and my boyfriend got the tequila like shrimp and fish taco. The food came out pretty quickly, we waited maybe 5 mins. 
I was a little nervous because I was super in the mood for tacos and did not want to be disappointed, and I really wasn't. The food was absolutely amazing! It was fresh and the flavors weren't so overpowering, which allowed me to really enjoy the shrimp. My family really enjoyed their meals too. 
Definitely coming back again when I'm craving a taco!I'm a fan, Only thing let me down is the wait at register to order for little longer then anticipated, but the menu was great, We were at the Manayunk Arts & Crafts festival , so we were hungry & decided to get something , spotted this place & we went in.If it wasn't for the wait, probable be 5-stars..but Lets see how they are next time.!!!.We ordered 2 -Mahi Mahi & 2 Carnitas, Guacamole & chips..So YUMMY!!!! They are pretty decent variety & Loved the jicama& pickled cabbage on top for the acidity & texture!! The sauces at the tables were fabulous. Very well made , taste the smokiness from the pork & mahi-mahi was cooked to perfection!!! Go back!!
Return factor:Yes, & btw ..liquor license, from beer to Margaritas. The place is small but its really good!!t
Definitely!!!Things have changed.  Taco prices are higher; $2 Tecates are gone.  At some point, the menu stopped advertising "Mahi" tacos and now just says "fish" -- and the quality has noticeably dropped.  My last taco was fishy-tasting (the bad kind of "fishy"), understuffed, and lopsided -- the stuff was in one corner and i had to shove it around and get everything all messy in order for it not to all fall out.  I'm sad.This place definitely hits the spot when I'm craving some tacos! The mahi mahi is my favorite, very fresh and flavorful. The nachos are another reason why I come here - covered in beans, cheese, peppers, and all that great stuff. I love that they serve beer and wine here as well, and it's a very casual kind of spot. The only complaint would be that the seats tend to be dirty especially because this place is kid friendly. All in all, great spot!The fish tacos! The shrimp tacos! Amazing. But the carnitas--how do you mess up fried pork?! The carnitas taco was possibly the worst I've had, but it was easy to overlook once I chomped into a fried shrimp taco. It's awesome that they have Mexican coke, though it's a shame it's $3 a bottle. Makes me think: coke or another taco? Taco it is! For seafood tacos, this place is the best.Would rate them higher if not for the people working behind the counter. The cashier acted as if she was doing us a favor taking our order! Tacos are good, the experience..not so much!I'm rarely over in the fairmount area, but I'll certainly be back to eat here again! I came to Buena Onda for a casual birthday celebration with a few girl friends and the food was really phenomenal. First off, the decor is really bright and clean and there is free beer from Yards while you wait! I got the chicken, grilled shimp and grilled mahi mahi tacos, and they were all delicious, though I would say the mahi was my favorite. We ordered the guac to share, and they have these great green and red sauces on each table which really kick the tacos up another level. The workers were also kind enough to let us light candles on our birthday cupcakes :) Overall a great dining experience!The food is great, simple as that. The only reason it's not a five star place is because the nachos were a bit burned and it's kinda pricey for a casual place. But loved it either way. I would recommend it to anyone looking for a good taco and yummy margarita.The atmosphere is pretty chill, and the staff is very nice and polite. 
We ordered a tofu taco for me and a fish taco for Hannah. Liam wanted soft serve ( dulce de leche, niceeeee!!) 
The tofu taco was great, I love how everything can be made veggie ( with tofu ) and upon mentioning that I am gluten intolerant , the person behind the counter informed me that their marinades have a by of soy sauce and that she would have them make it without that. I love when the staff is super knowledgable and don't have to ask someone else for details about the products they serve. 
The tacos were tasty , the tofu alone seemed a bit bland because well, it had nothing on it. The accompanying sides on the taco were tasty and helped tremendously. 
The soft serve was do it yourself ( meaning Liam got a lot for the 3$ that it cost ) not sure if you can go back for more once you're done like you can with like drinks. 
They serve alcohol ( lots o tequila !!! ) 
I'm in, I'll definitely check this place out again.Awesome tacos! I got the shrimp and mahi mahi tacos (grilled) and they were great. I also split the guac with my boyfriend. AS a girl I suggest getting 2 and something small or 3 will fill you. Everything was fresh and the staff were awesome! The only thing is that the guac is a little over priced for what it is and I could have used a little more shrimp in my taco. I will be returning!My boyfriend & friends and I eat here pretty frequently, everything I have ever gotten is delicious. The food comes out quick, and is consistent each time. The place itself is clean, and the service is prompt and friendly.This place is sooo nice. The food is always fresh and the service is friendly and fast. The bier and the drinks are so good.Just experienced probably the greatest tacos that I've ever tasted. The cashier was wonderful and gave me her recommendations which I followed The fish taco was so fresh and so delicious and complemented by the sauces provided, I literally sat there in a state of amazement. My second taco was the Carnita. Usually braised pork loses its flavor. Here it not only maintained its flavor, it was picked by the spices and accompaniments. Also, the other sauce provided on the table just took this to unbelievable Heights. I highly, highly recommend this restaurantGood, but not Loco Pez.
The taco's are good at Buena Onda, but I would take the extra 10 minute drive and wait for a table at loco pez.  The taco's were mediocre at best and the prices at loco pez crush bena onda (especially on dollar taco night).My order: 
2 mahi mahi fried tacos
chips n guac
prickly pear frozen margarita 
I am on a hunt for fish tacos that even just slightly resemble the tacos i had in san diego...i didn't find them here, but they were pretty good - I'm not a huge fan of fish tacos with flour tortillas though! The best part was the sauce- - believe it was a chipolte mayo... nice touch, i would probably ask for extra on the side next time bc it's that good.  
the margarita was a little watery, i like a nice thick frozen drink.  
The guac was nice and fresh - I especially love the chips - very nice and thick - seemed closer to authentic.  
I love the ambience, casual but trendy, bright and airy and great music.This was my favorite shrimp and fish taco place in philly. But they changed their taco bread and sauce and now I can't even force myself to eat there.Good specialty tacos. If you're looking to fill up, I would recommend the quesadilla. Fun soda selection. Inside is nice for a fast casual restaurant.There really should be more fish taco places. You can order each taco individually so that you can try them all - delicious! Its fast - order at the counter - but high quality.Pros: fast casual, flavorful food
Cons: overpriced for the amount of food you get
For a quick lunch on a rainy Sunday, this was a good fit. The restaurant's vibe is casual and baja airy. You pay at the counter, take a number to your seat, the food is brought to you in plastic baskets, and at the end you bus your own table. We ordered chips with salsa roja ($4), two fried fish tacos ($4 each), one taco of the month ($4) featuring shrimp and meat, and one carne taco ($3.75). We were served within 5-10 min and everything was fresh and well-cooked. The fried fish tacos consisted of fresh flour tortillas cradling a laughably small amount of fish, maybe 1.5-2 oz, under a prodigious heap of pickled red cabbage. I appreciated the handmade tortilla and the fish hot out of the frier, but for the miniscule fish portion, they were just not worth $4 each. My boyfriend did not enjoy the flavoring of the taco of the month, though he noted that the shrimp was cooked very nicely. He really enjoyed the carne taco. However, two tacos and some chips for each of us, which came to a total of about $21 for lunch, felt like a scant meal and we had to snack a couple of hours later.The taste was decent but I would give it ZERO stars if I could  we ordered the nachos with beef and all 3 of us are SICK! It's past midnight and I'm barfing! Worse decision everBuena Onda is easily one of the best taco joints in the city. I've eaten every type of taco they have to offer and I have never been disappointed. The fish, chicken and carnitas are always fresh and topped with delicious salsas and homemade fruit and veggie mixes. On top of this they have a excellent beer selection and make outstanding margaritas. Buena Onda is definitely one of Chef Garces's best restaurants. I highly recommend it to anyone in the mood for cheap, high quality Latin food.Bueno Onda tacos are hands down my favorite tacos in Philly. I always get the glazed shrimp and glazed fish tacos with a side of chips and guac. The tacos are so fresh and flavorful, you can't go wrong with any from their wide selection. The guacamole has cheese on top, which is not necessarily my favorite, but it still tastes delicious. The nachos are topped with cheese, tomatoes, black beans, and all other goodies so I would highly recommend those as well. Although I haven't been here for happy hour, I have heard from friends that they have $3 sangria and margaritas. I look forward to coming here for happy hour in the future and will keep on raving about these tacos!I just came here to profess my love for the shrimp tacos. Seriously, they're delicious. Like the kind of good that makes you wonder how something so tasty can be only $3.  I also had a mahi mahi taco and it's no disappointment, but also no comparison.  Loved the free beer, and they kept the margaritas coming without us having to keep getting up to order more.  And now I'm off to dream about those delicious shrimp tacos. Yum.Tacos of the month for December were "Swordfish".  They were presented with some slaw on top.  Wow. Killer fish tacos. Guacamole was fresh & citrusy too.I'm a fan of tacos and beer.  I'm also a fan of the beach.  The vibe at Buena Onda is that you're on the coast of Baja, Mexico drinking a cerveza and having tacos at a oceanside taqueria.  It feels light and airy even though you're on Callowhill St.  The fish tacos are delicious and were some of the best one's I've had in the city.  My wife was a big fan and she's pretty finicky.  Garces did a great job on this one..it's my favorite restaurant on that little row.always great service, amazing fish tacos and the nachos are so good! The Tuesday deals are always great...definitely worth the trip!My favorite fish tacos in Philly.  I love the tequila lime mahi mahi and shrimp and if I had to make a choice they would be my favorites.  Also enjoyed their K38 pale ale. Friendly and helpful staff.   Great way to enjoy a lite and affordable meal in a fun part of the city.So glad this place opened in the neighborhood.  I have been here quite a few times now for lunch and dinner and it is consistently delicious. The best deal is to just get a whole bunch of all the delicious tacos.  The mahi mahi and carne are my favorite!Philadelphia has decent tacos but these tacos won me over and created and new level of possible taco yumminess in Philly. 
All of the margaritas were good, but my favorite there so far is the prickly pear margarita. It tastes VERY good paired with certain tacos. 
My favorite taco: Shrimp taco, i could eat so many.
my favorite parts about going here that makes this food place stands far above the rest
- their desire to please the customer: beer while you wait in line? now thats what the customer wants
- choices for people who love authentic tacos but also choices for people in your group who are picky eaters 
- margaritas are delicious
- you do not have to carry your food to you table 
- quick and easy because it takes out the time waiting for a server to come and take your order
- adult friendly
- family friendly
people say the tacos are tiny portions but seriously i ate two and was stuffed. My boyfriend who is obviously larger than I am ate three and was full so i find that incorrect because it was the perfect amount for us. I recently brought my sister here who used to live in Philly to Buena Onda and she was so happy to find a place to go with her friends and boyfriend when she visit. 
The staff is also incredibly nice. thats refreshing because i have been to places with great food but the staff wasnt friendly so it made me and my party never go back. staff really does contribute to the customers overall experience. 
I waited a couple visits to rate this place. Overall this is my rating.
I love this place
Visited August 2015These are not your average Taco Bell, Moe's, Qdoba, and dare I say it Chipotle (sheesh I really love Chipotle) tacos. 
Took a suggestion from a respected fellow Yelper, Christian S., and tried this place. Well let's just say I only got 3 tacos and boy did I want more. I already knew what I wanted before I got there. Online menus serve a purpose people, if nothing else it helps you narrow down your choices and if you're like me, it pretty much helps you walk into a new place looking like a pro. Back to the matter at hand, I ordered 3 shrimp tacos, fish of the day was perch, no thank you. And Mahi Mahi, is a little too strong for my subtle fish palate. So 2 glazed shrimp tacos and 1 fried shrimp taco it was for me. Took it to go. First I definitely appreciate the care they place in their to go containers. They serve their tacos on these taco triangle thingamajigs in the restaurant which help the tacos to stand up. Well lo and behold they have a cardboard version of it for the take out tacos. Major points for that, they seriously take tacos serious... So I ordered my tacos and a drink and I waited. A girl at the bar who was eating told me to place my number in the holder. That's how they identify you. It was appreciated but probably not needed only because the restaurant wasn't busy and when the lady bought my tacos out she called me by name. But the hospitality was gracious. 
Got to my car cause I had somewhere to be, opened the box of tacos and one side of the cardboard taco holder had flattened and my fried shrimp taco was all over the place. No biggie I just put the taco together. First bite, the glazed tequila lime, or whatever shrimp taco. It was good, two nice sized juicy, sweet, perfectly cooked shrimp in the taco. I was in love. I had been searching for a great shrimp taco and I think I found it. I had one at El Camino a few weeks ago and it was abysmal, lacked flavor and totally disappointed my taste buds. Not this taco at Buena, was fabulous! The chipotle crema was really tasty and had a nice zing. Now I love hot sauce and was about to put some on mine but I'm glad I didn't because the crema provides just enough bite. Now onto the fried shrimp taco. Batter beware, really good breading and batter on these shrimp. Kind of tempura style so the shrimp aren't buried in the breading. It was a smidge salty but I am really averse to any salt at this point in my life so don't take that as a cautionary measure from me. 
I forgot to mention that they have Boylan's soda on fountain tap. Umm yesss because this is my favorite soda ever, well that and Frank's and Dr. Browns, but these sodas are so yummy it was nice to see it somewhere as a fountain drink as opposed to the big box soda dealers...
My side notes and suggestions: They should increase the size of the soda cup. It's small for the $3 they charge, even if it's Boylan's. If you're hungry order more than 3. If it's your first time order 3, then order more if you like them because you will be hungry. I forgot to order the corn with mine so that may have helped stave off my lingering hunger after I ate my tacos. Finally, they have a rewards program. Really nice to have for a non chain establishment. 
Finally, I expected these tacos to be good. I mean come on, it's from Jose Garces who had like the best taco truck, Guapos Tacos, in the city for a while. Plus pretty much everything he, Stephen Starr, and Michael Solomonov seem to touch or open in this city you can pretty much guarantee a good meal. 
Went on a Wednesday night and it wasn't crowded. Municipal parking lot right across from the restaurant if you struggle finding street parking.
Very good uptake on fast, casual dining.When I heard that Garces Restaurant Group was opening a fish taco joint in the neighborhood, I thought it would be a dream come true. It is. Thank little baby Jesus for Buena Onda.The tortilla soup had too much chicken. I know that may sound odd, but the chicken was a little dry and the shreds were a little too big, the broth was exceptional, I would drink a vat of that. 
The Quesadillas were stuffed, as in I wish I had bought one to split with my hubster. Wow, that was a lot of food. It was good. I picked a pork and steak, they tasted distinctly different. I like to add my own level of spice to things, so it was just right, there was good depth of flavor especially for the price point. 
The Mahi appetizer tacos were cute and tasted good. Next time we will order less though because we barely finished a quesadilla between the 2 of us.
This is an accessible establishment for both wheelchair or mobility scooter. You can easily enter, wait in line, order and pay.I almost wanted to not like this place.  Do you really need to sanitize tacos, Garces?  The best tacos I've had were always slightly grimy, simple, and cheap.  Maybe from a truck or a dingy shack or a place where they had to send out the kid who speaks English to take your order.
But Buena Onda did sanitize this experience...in a good way.  While the grime is absent the prices and simplicity remained.  $3 for a regular taco, $3.50 for seafood guys.  And they're really good.  Not great, but really good.  And they have cheap beers - all under $5.  Margaritas under $10.  Wines $7.  Friendly service.  A small, appropriately stocked bar.  Right next to a froyo place.  I mean...what's not to like?My favorite spot to grab a quick bite knowing it will be delicious, fast, and inexpensive. The tacos are some of the best in the city and the atmosphere is relaxed and cool.Wow, Garces really hit the nail on the head with this gem. Walk in to a nice sample cup of a special Yards brew(K38 I believe). Having the few sips of beer was nice while we waited to order. The line was not too long and we were able to find seats even in the middle of there lunch rush. I ordered the Chicken Quesadilla which I really enjoyed, my cousin had 3 different tacos and loved them all. If your in the neighborhood, stop in and check it out.Buena Onda has the best tacos in Fairmount. I LOVE the tofu taco, grilled or fried. You can't go wrong with the shrimp or the mahi mahi either. The side of corn is to die for. The only thing that is hit or miss here is the salad. Sometimes it comes out perfect, and sometimes it's just boring and dry. Skip trying to be healthy and just get the good stuff. You won't be disappointed.I just left the restaurant and feel like I need to write in now because I am so irritated with the attitude of a member of your staff. My husband and two kids and I came in because we used to go to the KOP location all of the time. We ordered our food, including refried beans which always came with chips at the kop spot. The beans came alone at the beginning with nothing but a spoon. I understand bringing food as it's ready...I actually appreciate it. But why on earth would I want a bowl of refried beans without anything to eat them with? When the food came they brought me the wrong quesadilla. The employee, without apology, took it back to get me the right one. I then sat for 8+ minutes without food. When the employee  finally brought the food I asked for the chips for the beans. I was told that I was wrong - it doesn't come that way. I replied "well, could I get some chips?" I was directed to go stand in line again to order them myself. I told the employee that I thought maybe, as an apology for making me wait so long for the correct food, he could just bring us some chips. The response I got was a blank stare and him walking away without a word. As I left I asked another employee if that person, in their pink windbreaker, was a manager. I was then informed that he infact was the manager. It's shocking that this person, with their inability to provide even a modicum of hospitality, is your manager on duty. It's unacceptable.Nice little casual taco spot by Garces! Hubby and I went on a Saturday night, and while busy, it wasn't super packed. Short wait for food. Between the two of us we tried 5 different kinds of tacos, which were all fantastic. The fish ones were definitely our favorite. Guac was good, albeit a bit pricy. Margaritas were awesome and it was a nice touch for a quick service place. All in all food was fantastic but deducted one star for value as we thought it was a tad pricy. Would definitely return though!Nice work here. Simple menu, decent prices, and good food. The mahi mahi was flavorful, sweet and tangy. The carne was very moist and succulent. The pork? A little bland, in my view. Good enough service, too.Had a very tasty lunch here today! The quesadilla was super tasty as well as the salad with chicken. The chicken was surprisingly plentiful and very thick and juicy. The dressing choices could be better but regardless I would come here again. Also the margaritas were on par.LOVED the fish tacos! The first time I went I got one of each of the three fish tacos they offer (including the special) and the sauce is amazing. The second time I only got two kinds and split with someone because we weren't that hungry. Also had the prickly pear cactus margarita and while it's pretty good (love me a good frozen marg) it's also kinda strong (which is both a pro and a con to be honest). I've only ever gotten the fish tacos from here but I haven't been disappointed by them.  
I do wish a filling meal would just be cheaper though, as three tacos is what I can comfortably order but that's already ~$11. But that's just inherent when you get small dishes like fish tacos, so no fault of their own.So delicious!!!!
And so awesome that this is only a few blocks from where I live.
I had the mahi mahi tacos (apparently their signature tacos), the carnitas and the grilled shrimp. I couldn't even tell you my favorite because I inhaled all three and loved every bite. 
They also have a Yards beer that isn't even available at the brewery? I hope I got that right... They gave out free samples and that was also very good.
Overall I am very excited this is in my neighborhood and it'll definitely be a part of my weekly dinner rotation.Being that I have no direct experience with the Baja Peninsula, I'm unable to comment on how near Buena Onda comes to whatever design and intended cuisine they were after.  What I can say is that I find the tacos to be delicious and while some may say that they are pricey, I think that money goes toward good ingredients and excellent preparation.
In the few times I've eaten here, I've ended up with two fish tacos and one carnitas.  I typically go for the fish of the day and the mahi, both grilled.  The three tacos come out on a platter in a small taco holder which keeps them together and makes them easier to eat.  They have great, fresh, citrusy flavors and while the tacos do drip a little bit when you bite into them I just let that fall onto the next taco I plan to eat.  Perhaps this is not a flaw after all.
A sample of beer can be had while you wait and they have a small draft selection if you so choose to partake.  I'm happy to see a place like this on Callowhill and I will be returning many times.I was very disappointed by the tacos here. First off, I ordered fried mahi mahi tacos, and some how the cashier taking the order put it in as grilled tacos. I didn't notice it until the tacos showed up and at that point i felt bad asking them to remake them. The taco was fairly small and looked kinda sad. The seasoning on the fish was kind ok but the fish itself was overcooked.Waited 20 minutes to just to have someone show up to take my order. He apologized and said our 2nd drinks would be on the house. Funny because our first round of drinks never even cameSo this place has " fish taco " as part of its name. I was initially turned off ( as I don't eat seafood) but I walked in to see if they had other options. I noticed this place had some appetizers but mostly tacos and quesadilla. I decided to try their chicken and beef taco. It was good but nothing to brag about. I liked that they had beers which just goes with tacos ! Good serviceWent here the other day for lunch and had the best tacos I have ever had. The inside was cool, they have a record player playing next to the cash register, everyone was very nice, the food came out quick and best of all it was effing delicious!! I shall be coming back for sure.Well I was really excited to try this place. I'm a native of Southern California and very much a fan of Baja style Mexican eats. I haven't had a decent fish taco since I arrived on the east coast.
Today was a new day.  I had some pretty tasty tacos, albeit not quite what I was hoping for. THE white sauce,  the creamy cilantro sauce that makes a fish taco a fish taco...not around. I feel like this place puts out a good product, but not the taste from back home. It tries to do too much. Just the white sauce and the cabbage man. Simple is good.
I also got a chicken taco that was pretty disappointing, using stewed chicken in place of pollo asado. Que lastima!
This place just tries too hard. Oh they have aquas frescas, but no horchata, no pina, no fresa. They do have jamaica and tamarind though which I didnt try. They did have a delicious Boylan soda fountain with a terrific cream soda, although I wish there was jarritos. 
 The service was ok, the order got mixed up, but made right quickly. Accidentes happen.
While I may have highlighted B.O.'s short comings, I want to be clear:
They put out a good quality, tasty product. I would go with the fried or grilled Mahi Mahi tacos over all else. Salads looked great too.great, clean place. I got the nachos and carnitas tacos, both phenomenal. the staff is friendly and helpful, accommodated my friends picky eating! Definitely a new go-to as a localNew favorite taco spot in the city! I love the casual atmosphere with an elevated twist. The mahi tacos are TO DIE FOR and the passion fruit sangria was delicious. I will defiantly be back in the very near future.Fish Taco's are actually not my go-to-food, however, this restaurant changed that for me. 
Fish tacos here are amazing, and I would come here again just for that reason. I got the mahi-mahi, shrimp, and chicken! All of them were delicious, but mahi mahi had to be my favorite. The free beer tasting definitely helps making the wait a bit easier. 
The only downside to this place is that is it is a bit of a hike from my place in center city. Although it is definitely worth it. Hope one day they open a second location in center city!Awesome tacos! Our faves were the Carnas, carnitas and the taco of the month-fried cod with a nice slaw. Service was a little lacking-we had to ask for our drinks-beer and wine. And never got water. Best tacos I've had in a while. The guacamole was good, a little spicy but good flavor and the chips are awesome. Black beans and rice looked blah but was full of flavor. Must be a great local fave-there were 6 delivery orders going out while we were there.I think buena onda is good, their tacos taste great and they have fresh fish with great flavor. However today was not the best experience. We ordered two margaritas and esquites (corn), and although the esquites came out right away and were pretty tasty the margaritas were not coming out. I told the cashier we would be sitting outside and after 20 mins no margaritas. The place wasnt packed either. Finally we went in to ask about them and this other employee just rolled her eyes and said shed bring them out. 10 mins later shes walking around with the margaritas not knowing where to go. I have to say "here" and finally we get our drinks. If you come here I just hope you get better service.
PS the esquites are with regular not with giant corn like im used toThumbs up!  Happy hour at Buena Onda (means "good vibes") did not disappoint.  The batter fried mahi mahi tacos and the chips/salsa were all finger lickin' good; the classic margarita was a "good vibes" hit.Wow, Buena ONDA is delicioso! Unbelievably wonderful fish tacos, terrific drinks and HREAT nachos! I enjoyed the entire experience from the delightful conversation with the greeter who carefully explained each menu item to the phenomenal bartender - what a terrific staff AND the food was FANTASTIC! I will be back often! Thank you, thank you, thank you! The prices were good and the portions were large. It's well worth the visit!So beyond delicious!!  I had 3 tacos, 1 shrimp, 1 mahi mahi, and the fish of the month. All so good. My husband had the nachos. He loved them. We each had a margarita- he had the Baja and I had the prickly pear.  Both delicious. And then we went for the soft serve. Oh boy. So glad we don't have this place by where we live or I would eat here everyday!  Love love love this place!Calm down, guys.  This place isn't that good.
My wife and I tried every one of their tacos.  In general, the fried fish/shrimp tacos are the way to go.  I wouldn't recommend their meat tacos.
The fried fish tacos are pretty good.  Not as good as what you can find in southern California (where I grew up).  And about half the size.  For about 1.5x the price.  But still pretty good, especially for Philadelphia.  I think it's because they do the batter well.  I don't understand why people like grilled fish tacos, but if that floats your boat, then go for it.
The meat tacos are not good.  I'm all for quality ingredients, but I draw the line at trying to yuppify a classic.  C'mon, you can't serve a taco without cilantro, raw onions, and lime.
They talk about making the tortillas fresh, but by the time the food comes out, the tortillas are not warm, nor is the fish/meat inside.  Maybe that's just because they seemed to have some service issues though.
It's the first week, so I'm sure things will get better.  But we did not enjoy the ambiance in there.  It was like trying to shop at a Trader Joe's the night before a snow storm, right down to the huge line snaking around everywhere, with workers and customers all trying to squeeze past each other.
Meh.Best fish tacos around! Definitely worth coming for happy hour to try with their margaritasBest fish tacos I ever had! These people know what they are doing - the sauces with the right toppings just amazing ! And the best margaritas to complement. I tried all the tacos but definitely regret not ordering more Mahi-Mahi tacos  they are a must !Good food....Feels more like a fast food restaurant than anything else. However, my complaints are these:
(1) The line is always ridiculously long during busy times (lunch hour and after work), and line moves really really really slow. It kind of takes the fun out of it when it takes 20-25 minutes to get to the front of the line. I feel that if they're truly interested in running it like a fast food joint, then the lines should move quicker (open up 2 more cashier spots). And if they can't do that, they should offer people seating and waiters. As someone who has been there probably 20+ times since the opening 5 weeks ago, I can tell you the lines are getting pretty old, pretty fast.
The "extra" employee who stands by the door welcoming people can be put to better use. They are supposed to help by explaining the menu to people - but my initial analysis is that this never makes the line moves faster. People still get to the front and spend forever asking the cashier about the dishes. And, no, the menu is not simple or self-explanatory.
(2) For the Rewards program, you have to tell the cashier your phone number every single time you go in. If you read my first point above, you will realize that the cashier area is usually crowded with hungry people impatiently waiting to order, and basically leaning in listening to what you're saying to said casher. This is a small restaurant to begin with. Therefore, I always feel uncomfortable saying my number to the cashier, who invariably cannot hear, and has to repeat loudly - usually several times over -- while multiple patrons have now tuned in. There MUST be a better way, c'mon now.
The food is good, don't get me wrong.Awful service- there was no line which should have been the first indication. Took over 15 minutes to make two small tacos. Go to Shake Shack instead.We have been regulars here, and the food is usually consistent -- good, but not out of this world, and reasonably priced.  The service usually follows suit.  On occasions, such as today, however, the service is subpar.  (They forgot our margaritas!)  Buena Onda is a solid three.This fish taco joint is a super welcome addition to the Callowhill corridor! One perk of having an empire like Garces must be that you can open things quickly and have extra money to spend on decor. I feel like I just heard about this place, and the next thing I knew it was already open for business! The outside is beachy and welcoming, and the theme continues inside. It was busier than expected for a Sunday evening, but we were given free beer samples while we looked at the menu, so I have no complaints.
I ended up with a fried Mahi Mahi taco (you can have the option of not-fried as well) and split an order of nachos. The taco was on point, and I'm not even a huge fish lover. Although, slather pickled veggies on anything and I won't complain... The nachos had a perfect amount of toppings too. They aren't piled high and are more spread in a single layer, but I would rather have that than a bunch of naked chips any day. For three tacos and nachos, it was $20, which was definitely fair. I will definitely be back with a bigger appetite to try the non-seafood tacos and the supposedly delicious prickly pear margarita.I really wanted to like this place, based on the name, the concept and who can argue with fish tacos.  Well, I tried to convince myself that I liked it, and went there 3x since it opened  The last time, we spent close to $50 for 2 people on a few small fish tacos and one beer each .. and we left hungry...   It is a loud, brightly lit environment, with tacky decor and really bad pop music.   Would recommend more generous portions  and/or accompanying sides for the money,  some good music(how about Latin sounds?), better soundproofing, dimmer lighting, etc.  If you have plenty of dispensable income, and don't mind fast food chain environment, then this place may be for you.Fresh, tasty and light.  Keep up the good work!  
A nice alternative to fast food.Cashiers with an attitude. Rude jerks! This place lacks warmth that you get in almost any other Mexican place. Tacos are good. Nothing special. By the time the tacos came to the table they stuck to the metal holders they are served in.
All in all disappointing experience.All GF Except for carnitas. Pollo tacos come double wrapped. Not much flavor. Guacamole portion and chips is skimpy for $9.Frozen prickly pear margarita on a summer afternoon... Divine! I had a couple of the grilled mahi mahi tequila lime glazed tacos. Yummy! So perfect in every way a taco should be. Light, flavorful and well sized. The staff is awesome too. I ordered and sat outside, they served me my drink and meal and a couple of them been out to check on me since. Super friendly and helpful. Place is clean and has a good space to accommodate a busy day or night. Definitely recommend!!Garces has done it yet again with his newest taco installation in Philly. This is my new go to and I cannot stop talking about! 
Located perfectly in the art museum area, next to my favorite pizza place (pizzeria vietri!), parking can be tricky, but sometimes I'll buy a water from whole foods then walk over. If not, if you drive around a couple times, you should find something. 
There is usually a line, but it goes by fast, as they give you free samples of beer while you're waiting. If you feel like sitting faster, to the right of the counter there is a full service bar, which is nice..
I have only tried the fish tacos because I never felt the need to venture through their menu since I am always so satisfied. I get the same tacos every single time --the fried mahi and the grilled lime shrimp. Ugh. So. Darn. Good. Paired perfectly with a corona! The tacos are only priced at 3.50! Go try this place ASAP before the lines get even longer!!!!!
Graces never fails!!!!The restaurant is a nice, clean, airy space with both indoor & outdoor seating. The line to order moved fairly quickly. I ordered two tacos: mahi mahi and perch. Delicious flavors & texture, especially with the red cabbage & jicama. The tacos are pretty pricey for the size, but it was a nice treat. For a meal, you definitely need to order three tacos.I often return to restaurants when cant stop thinking about a dish I ate in a previous visit.  That happened to me with the esquite at Beuna Onda.  Served warm and with just the right spice this bowl of corn goodness was the perfect thing for my tummy on a cool day.  I also had the chicken and shrimp tacos.  Both were excellent.  
This is the type of place where you order, sit down and they bring the food to you.   When we arrived it was a particularly busy time and there was a line.  I was impressed with how quickly they served us and when we went back for seconds they were just as prompt delivering the food.
They have beer and margaritas.The food was good. The kids enjoyed the quesadilla and the beans and rice. The standard three tacos were well balanced and had some complexity to the flavor profile.  Would definitely go back to try more of the menu. 
However, it's 5 stars because the host was very generous after making a small mistake to our order which was mostly our fault for not being clear. Service was top notch.Graces does Fish Tacos right!!! Fresh and Flavorful. AND they serve alcohol! Solid line up of tequilas and beer. Yum.Yeah, this place emanates the casual relaxed vibe starting off with it's various shades of blue and chill music. Since it just opened, there was a "hostess" type of person who was standing by to explain the menu, hand out a free sample of beer, and answer any questions. This place had a HUGE line on Saturday night, so we came back the next day for lunch so we could fully experience the casual laid-back vibe. I highly recommend coming during the week/avoid popular Friday night/Saturday night since the place is really small and can't sit many people.
We got: perch tacos, mahi-mahi tacos, shrimp tacos-- all with the tequila lime glaze instead of fried-- and it was delicious. The small marlin tacos had a mixed response-- had more of a tuna salad feel, which I wasn't big on-- I feel like mayo covers a lot of flavors. The sweet corn side appetizer was delicious, however very wet-- almost like microwaved frozen corn that wasn't strained. I would still order it again because it was tasty, just wish they would take a second to drain the liquid out. 
Definitely order at least 3 tacos to get your tummy filled right. Top it off with a drink and you'll be ready to lay poolside in the sun.Fun place to grab fish tacos while visiting the franklin institute. Quick service, and delicious fish tacos. The carne tacos were also great. We had a tortilla soup that was very flavorful and savory, had enchilada flavor to it. Will definitely come back.I am a fan of this place and would like to give it five stars as there are so many positives but the spotty service and $3.50 for a serve yourself fountain drink make me hold back a star. In an up up scale Chipotle like setting order your food and take a seat at a table of your choice to wait for your food to be delivered. We had the chicken tortilla soup which was delicious and shared the fish and carne tacos. The chips were delicious as well as the homemade salsas that accompanied them. Deal nights include half priced margaritas on Thursday and $2 pollo tacos on Tuesday. A nice addition to the neighborhood....Mahi mahi taco, fried or grilled were my favorites. Tried all but the tuna one which was the Feb taco of the month. They were all good though! Sweet corn had a nice taste too. Good spot if you're in the area with relatively fast service.The third time I've been here, I finally tried the fish. I had one fried (you have the option fried or tequila lime glaze) Mahi Mahi. It was great. The Chipotle Remoulade didn't overpower the flavor if the fish. They're bigger than the carne, carnitas, and pollo tacos, too. 
The only problem is that the Mahi Mahi was piping hot, but my carne and carnitas were cold. I figure this is because it might take longer to make the fried fish tacos, but if that's the case, they shouldn't make them all at the same time. They should start the fish, wait, and then cook the meats. 
I also noticed there was less meat and more toppings on the carne and carnitas than the other times I've been here. This could be because those times it was dead, and this time it was sort of crowded (10 or so customers already eating, then another 5-10 came in after I ordered).
But still, this isn't enough for me to deduct a star (they're a true 4.5 but I rounded up). Buena Onda is the best.Inspired by west coast taco shacks an ocean view would make 4 stars 5. The Baja margarita had lots of fruit and lots of flavor. I was hoping for a little more of a sit down restaurant then an order at the counter and grab a seat kind of place. No complaints on the quality of the food. Mahi mahi, pork and chicken tacos were all tasty. The chips tasted a little greasy but the salsa covered for the chips.Got the veggie quesadilla which was really good. The rice actually comes inside it, so it's more like a handheld sandwich (is there another kind of sandwich?). You order tacos individually, so you can mix and match the various types, as well as choose whether you want your fish fried or grilled. My sister got a couple of tacos and really enjoyed them. Also ordered nachos to share - they were good, but we did a lot of scraping of cheese that got stuck to the plate. I'll be back :)
Oh - don't forget to get some free beer samples at the bar, just past the register!Ohhhh man!!! The food here is delicious! I went here based on yelp reviews and man on man...!! The best fish taco and corn tortilla soup I've had..maybe ever! I used to go to this other place in Philly religiously for their corn tortilla soup (I won't name the place lolol) but the soup here is even better! Lots of chicken and flavor. They also make their margaritas fresh (none of that premade stuff) My only issue is I spent almost 30 minutes looking for parking. I wish they had designated parking just for this restaurant.Went in during Happy Hour for some tacos and nachos. We had the chicken tacos. Menu says: Braised Chicken, Avocado, Lettuce, Mexican Crema, Corn Tortilla. Well they also added cheese, which is good. And radishes, which is good. But they smeared this ketchup looking sauce all over everything. The tacos were sopping wet and fall apart while you eat them.
The chicken tasted good. But the tomato sauce was pretty gross.
We also got chips and salsa. I tried all four of their salsas and they all tasted funny. Either no salt or too sour. It was pretty disappointing.A weekend of tacos! We came for dinner on a Saturday night and came right back the next day for lunch.  Finally, a quality spot that's friendly on the pockets with righteous flavors.  I know I'm not alone in saying this but i'm one of those people that prefers the small corner taquerias.  However, this place serves their tacos with different flavor profiles unlike we often taste from those local shops.  That reason alone makes this place a worthy contender to satisfy your hunger pains.  
Parents: this place is a bit tight but manageable with a stroller and equipped with a diaper changing station.  
Food: The October special is swordfish, it's a definite, and i preferred it fried. The mahi (grilled) is decent with its tequila lime glaze.  The classic carnitas was delicious and a must try.  You can't go wrong with the pollo and the hefty serving size of protein.  The shrimp was flavorful and makes for a good option.  I love that they make their own tortillas.  Even better that they serve corn tortillas and not just flour.  Their version of guac was nice and simple; the chips were a hit.  
Rewards program: First visit and there was no mention of such a thing by the cashier, found out about it on their website instead.  Not sure if they don't mention it on purpose or she was just lapsing on her duties.  It's such a great deal for 1st time members with the $10 reward just for signing up!  Mind you thats about 3 free tacos, yeah you're welcome!!
***1st timers: don't forget to sign up for their program and get the reward before coming here***Went here the yesterday and while this place is really great with delicious food and free samples of beer while you wait, I wish the tacos were a bit more substantial or cheaper in price. All members of the group I was with still felt hungry after ordering our tacos and the sentiment among us was that we would get more, but then that would mean having spent 12 bucks on 4 tacos (4 tacos per person, mind you). 
Although, maybe we simply would have been better off ordering tacos AND a side of refried beans. Or maybe the quesadillas. Guess we'll just have to go back again and find out!This place was great! I like the surf-like vibes. The food was delicious. They lots of drink specials like $1 Tecates. I tried an assortment of tacos, all of which were enjoyable.Can every Mexican restaurant please take some cues from Jose Garces on how to construct a perfect frozen Margarita?  I thought my beloved Distrito margaritas were unmatched but the frozen Prickly Pear at Buena Onda was PERFECTION.  It struck the balance of sweetness, icy goodness, and nuanced prickly pear flavor.  The tacos are also excellent.  Each iteration of fish taco was great and the carnitas were also quite good.  
This place is great for some casual food and excellent margaritas.I love everything about this place. We were greeted by friendly service, by a guy who helped us order by describing in detail. Ordered four tacos and loved them all equally. Sangria of the month (guava rose) and a beer. The price was on point. We will most definitely be back. I love you Jose!Loved it! The atmosphere is fun and relaxed and I like the music. I ordered a grilled mahi mahi taco and a grilled shrimp taco and split chips and guacamole with my friend. All were amazing, although there was not enough quac for the amount of chips! I also had a Baja margarita, which was very refreshing with a blend of pineapple, watermelon, and coconut. The price was fairly reasonable, but they could bulk out the tacos more; they seemed to go a bit light on the fish. Definitely going to hit this place up regularly since its right down the street from where I work!Great spot for some refreshing fish tacos and Mexican food! They also have margaritas, a yards pale ale only served there and other beers as well. 
You place your order at the counter and then they bring you your order. Some outside seating too!
You won't regret coming here if you love fish tacos:) 
Get the sweet corn too!I ventured to buena onda again. This time we ate in. 
Children's good is served on a keepsake frisbee. I thought this was pretty cool, as did my son. When you eat in, you're given a number dand then a staff member brings your food to your table once it comes out. They are however , NOT YOUR WAITSTAFF! So please be sure to clear your own trash from the tables. I saw a 5-6 person group leave all their things there and then when they realized, they were definitely rude about it. How do you think someone is supposed to clean up after your group and nobody even thinks to leave a tip? Smh 
My tacos were great, soft serve was great, but the kids nachos were very underwhelming. Literally chips with cheese, and that was it! They were pretty flavorless. 
As I said before, I'll definitely venture here again.I know it had to be a mistake. First time here today around 2:30 The salsa was definitely at least a day old and was kept too cold in the fridge. Freezing tomatoes kills their taste when fresh. I had already written a review, my first ever, but , I think it was lost somehow. Dcor and concept 5 stars. You have to serve good fresh salsa, even in Philly, consistently. Chef Garces owns my favorite spot in Philly so I had to post this out of respect ,because there is no way he wants the salsa I had today in his restaurant.  
Lots of good reviews, stay good and consistent. I WILL give it another shot.We ordered lunch from here last week and I expected a lot as I've heard great things, but was really disappointed. The food came quickly but everything was soggy and cold by the time we got it. We order a lot and rarely have this problem. The tacos were okay, but I've had much better. There was minimal protein in each and the flavors weren't on point. The chips & salsa were okay, but I expect better from an authentic Mexican restaurant. Sadly, I probably won't order from here again.A go to for me and the boo! I would say we eat at this place at least once a week. And now that our kitchen is being remodeled, it's more like twice. Being pescetarians our go to are the fish tacos. 3 fried for and 3 glazed for me! If your in for happy hour treat yourself to a 3$ sangria. Honestly 2 or 3 is all you need. I'm grooving from 1! Definitely would recommend. Every visit i say I'll try another menu item; never happens. Next visit I may try the quesadilla.Went here one day after touring the Rodin and The Barnes Foundation, so my group and I were starving. There's an awesome, breezy west coast vibe when you walk in. We ordered the fried mahi mahi tacos with slaw, and beans and chips. It really hit the spot and was really fresh and delicious. Wait was pretty quick. 
Verdict, pretty good place if you want to grab and go. Garces knows what he is doing with menus and restaurant design.The tacos were good - mahi mahi delicious (we got fried) and the fish special, swordfish taco was so good! Guac okay and I would skip on the kids tacos, cold cubes of chicken on a tortilla with a teaspoon of cheese - they did fix this but still super boring/bland kids item. Guess that works for some - other than that everything was great!Garces did it again! The food is delicious and the beer is cold. What else could you want from a taco joint?!  Oh and they serve free beer samples while you wait in line!  We tried all the tacos but the carne stole the show for me and my bf loved the mahi mahi. We also had the guac and sweet corn and we both agreed the sweet corn is incredible!  They also have two complimentary salsas on every table which I loved.  I'll def be back!Returned for a 3rd visit.  Great food!  9:07pm on a Friday night in Philly.  Greeted at the door by a young man who turned us away.  Apparently, the manager was more interested in going home than serving customers. We close at 9pm!! Disappointing.  What will happen when the warm weather arrives and they close at 9pm??  This is not the suburbs.All fresh ingredients but way under-seasoned/under-spiced. My overall impression of a range of different options (salad, tacos, nachos, drinks) was pretty blah.So Buena Onda has a fun and casual quick atmosphere. We made one order and then went back for seconds. First we had guac which was delicious but a little on the smaller side for portion sizes. I loved that there was a heap of cheese mixed in. For tacos we had a bunch of glazed Mahi Mahi and tofu. These tacos were out of this world. The sauces were incredible, the fish/tofu was cooked and seasoned perfectly. I eat tofu often, but I can't say that I love it. Let's just say that Buena Onda made me love tofu! These tacos weren't authentic by any means with flour tortillas. However, that didn't matter at all. There was a deal or happy hour going for sangrias so we picked up one of those too.
They also have a 10$ off deal for your next visit if you sign up for their rewards thing.This place has the best shrimp tacos ever! I usually get them batter fried for additional texture, even though the tequila lime-glazed version is a very delicious, healthier alternative. I also love their carnitas and carne tacos, and the mysterious green and red sauces they have on the tables really add flavor no matter which tacos you add them to. 
Buena Onda is conveniently located near Logan Square - just a short walk from my office building. I can feel its "good vibes" all the way in Center City, especially when I think of the prospect of having tasty tacos inside my stomach. Although it's a bit too far of a walk for my lunch break, it's easily within reach for a light and delicious casual dinner. 
Although the line can go all the way out the door, and maybe even down the block, the more informal "eatery" aspect of this restaurant and quick food preparation keep the tables turning and the wait pretty reasonable. If you go there early, there is free beer while you wait in line. 
The food here definitely has a great price-to-quality ratio. Everything seems freshly made on premises and tastes very flavorful, thanks to Jose Garces's brilliant culinary ideas. The service is not always spotless, and I sometimes find large, chewy lumps of fat within the carnitas tacos, but overall, it's a great spot, and I will definitely be back. 
[P.S. Not to be a spelling Nazi, but can someone please correct the spelling of Lake Erie (not "Eerie") on the restaurant website? Third page, second subtitle, where there is information about where perch is from. It hurts my eyes every time I look at it.]My wife and I had lunch here on Saturday. At 3 AM Sunday morning, my wife woke up in horrible pain and sick to her stomach. She had food poisoning, and this was the only place that we ate out all day (and the only time we ate anything different). I called the restaurant on Sunday as soon as they opened and let them know, and I was assured by the manager on duty that somebody more senior to her would call and follow up with me. I never received that follow-up call. Needless to say, we won't be eating here again and you all do so at your own risk.Everything is delicious, but for some reason everything has some wheat on it, if not wheat then beer. some advice to the chef - Pouring beer over pork has never made it taste any different (the pork fat overpowers the beer flavor unless your slow cooking it in a gallon of beer). All you get by using beer is make a lot of people sick. If you truly want the pork flavor to pop I'd recommend a sour red wine or some apple cider vinegar. If people want beer they aren't going to be looking for it in meat.Buena onda was a fantastic experience, and the mahi mahi tacos coupled with the black cherry soda and the guacamole worked perfectly.We love the food at Buena Onda!! Amazing fish tacos, the guacamole is outstanding and the margaritas are refreshing and tasty...
My husband and I were here this past Saturday after spending the afternoon at the Art Museum and we were so disappointed! NOT in the food though, it was the young woman at the register, she never greeted us, she had a miserable look on her face and was SO unpleasant. It was as if we were bothering her and she just had no time for us. It was 4:00 in the afternoon before the busy peak...so she was not busy at all. It was so uncomfortable to stand there are attempt
To communicate with her.....odd that someone with such a miserable personality would be out front like that. Had it not been for the fact that we have been to Buena Onda many times I don't think we'd return based on her horrible treatment.
We had fantastic food and margaritas despite Miss Miserable.Little pricey. The wait was long. The place looked cool. The soft chicken tacos were tasty, but I had better. Just not what I expected.Buena Onda delivered to my expectations! Great tacos, especially the fried Atlantic Mahi Mahi (add a hit of hot sauce!) and Carnitas (adore Garces's pineapple and jcama slaw) and nachos (baked to the point at which some of the chips were very brown/crisped and the cheese crunchy, which some dinner mates adored). Loved the casual ambience and, as many have said, the free beer while in line made the wait bearable. Will definitely return when the craving for tacos hits!Not bad, clean, restaurant. Food wasn't as great for me as some of these other reviews suggest. Quite expensive when all said and done...two people was $50 for us...salad was solid and tacos just OK. Will not go back but good to know in an emergencyAt first I was hesitant to try a fish taco. So instead, I opted for the "jumbo pacific shrimp" taco. It was delicious! Not too spicy, or overwhelming. I left feeling full, but light, which was great because I had a lot of walking around to do. I definitely want to come back and try other things on their menu.We LOVED this superrrrrrrrcute little Mexican fish taco shop. Went to celebrate StepD's last day of high school, sat at the bar, and had an absolute blast and delicious feast.  
Fish tacos are terrific and the pick!! Don't waste appetite & $$ getting anything else foodwise--(we had the vegetable quesadilla as our shared app) but would have rather had all fish tacos. They are banging. Def on smaller side but it's fine so you can order a variety of fish and styles. Loved the sauces and glazes. My fave was the mahi ones with tequila lime glaze while Fince and StepD's favorite was the shrimp in same glaze but all were flavorful.  
We will be back and it will be several rounds of fish tacos for us. Yummmmmmmmmm
PS Bartender SeanaMarie (sp) was excellent as well. Perfect mix of great service and friendliness contributing to our great experience. SO happy to have this addition to the 'hood.Buena Onda is right down the street from our house in Philadelphia. It's got Cali-Mexi on the menu and everything is pretty good and things are consistent - my fave is the chicken quesadilla, it's big enough to fill you up and it's under $10 on the menu. The nachos are great, too. 
Great if you want a fast meal. If you start ordering the tacos a-la-carte the bill will add up quick, FYI.I had a really lackluster experience dining at Buena Onda last week. It was my first (and last) visit here, and I was just really underwhelmed. It started with really unfriendly service from the young lady at the counter. She just seemed annoyed in general. Perhaps she doesn't like her job, or maybe she was just having a bad day. Either way, it was all downhill from there. I order two tofu tacos & a margarita. The fried tofu was substantially better than the grilled tofu. The tacos were both a sloppy mess with way too much chipotle suace. The margarita was really sour. I wasn't given any napkins when my food was served. I wasn't offered water. Meh. Overall a not-so-good experience. You can find better tacos, margaritas, and service just about anywhere else.Maybe it's because I'm in my 50's (though I did take one my 20-somethings, too), or maybe it's because I was there two weeks after they opened -- but, meh.  The servers were friendly and well-meaning, but not very good.  The food portions were small and relatively expensive.  The food was fine -- nothing special.  And the music was way too loud!
Maybe I'll give it another chance, since I see so many positive reviews.  Maybe they needed some time to work out the bugs?After some very disappointing adventures I'm Mexican food, I have found THE taco place. The tacos here are nothing short of awesome. Each one is great (even the veggie one!). If you like Mexican food do yourself a favor and come to Buena Onda!Meh- don't know why everyone is so crazy about this place. I'm not even reviewing as a native Californian who can't find decent tacos on the east coast.... this review is for Philly style all the way. first its either terribly overpriced or I got overcharged ($18 for a plate of nachos and a soda?). The vibe isn't all too cool either. And the food was just below average, the cheese was congealing on my nachos and the meat was cold. Service is not friendly, the manager was running around behind the service line barking about orders. I wont go back.Here is a quick one time-only visit review. I am a recent transplant to PA born and raised in So. Cal with probably 100 trips to Mexico under my belt. This place was just fine.  It was casual, and clean, the space was all hard surfaces and the reggae was loud so it was nice to sit out front on their tables. It is good casual quick dinning. I had a quesadilla asada, and a kale salad. Both were pretty good. The salad was large and sweet with raisins, the asada was big.
This is definitely a "Mexican food inspired" restaurant, but far from any Mexican restaurant I've ever been to. Not in anyway authentic, but pretty good for what it is.We stopped here on Valentine's Day since everything else was booked. It was great! Sangria and margarita were very good. We had nachos and several types of tacos. My daughter loved the chicken quesadilla. Very casual spot with great food and an interesting atmosphere. Great choice for hungry kids after a busy day.These tacos and quesadillas are amazing. The guacamole is top notch, and I'm loving the apps as well. If you are in Callowhill and hungry, this is a must.We got Mahi tacos all around.  Most were grillef, one order was fried and one was on corn tortilla with no soy.  Everyone thought they were great. We would come again just for them.  The nachos with spicy tuna was also a hit.  Fresh tortillas with a small bowl of tuna. Capers jalapeo.  Not too spicy.
Bewared:  if anyone in your group is gluten free you could have a problem.  For those of us that were gluten sensitive asking for corn tortillas instead and no soy for our celiac the choices were limited.  They use soy on a lot of the proteins and cook everything in the same fryer and on the same grill so there is a lot of cross contamination (we thought Mexican would make the GF issue easy) we will be back but sans-serif the celiac among us.Tacos + Jose Garces = can't go wrong.  We biked up from Conshy specifically to eat some fish tacos up at Buena Onda.  The inside is cute and trendy.  Reminds me of a little bit of Rosa Blanca's feel.  They're an order at the counter and they'll bring it out to your table place.  There's also a bar with limited seating.
We ordered the guacamole, A, mahi mahi tacos, A+, and  my +1 got the fish of the month tacos which he loved.  While we were there, we of course indulged in a frozen margarita which was totally delightful. 
Great spot to pop in for some delicious tacos.  Will be back very soon!Can you really give a "fast food" taco place 5 stars?  I don't know where you could get better tacos. You place your order and a server brings your order out, kind of a fast food style. I had the shrimp and fish of the day (perch) with a margarita. Perfect ending to seeing Sonia Sotomayor at the Free Library.(to the tune of Niall Horan's "Slow Hands")
She said "Dinner by the parkway."
So I took the bus all the way.
Cause I'm craving guac
and I just can't stop.
I've been thinking 'bout it all day
Tacos sitting in my bell-ay.
Batter fry those fish
Put them on my dish, baby
My hands
Got sauce dripping down, but I'm not stopping.
No chance
That I won't pick back up that bite I'm dropping
I know
Yeah, I already know I want another
I got big plans for tacos
in my hands, baby.
Good tacos (fish is totally worth the extra 50 cents), great guac (steep price made more clear by the HUGE portion size), and their fountain soda is fancy AF. Garces does a bang-up job, typically.
Friend got a salad topped with "shrimp" (extra $5) and got 5 individual shrimp. A dollar per shrimp feels a little silly, they were very petite. We ordered some sides, too, which weirdly came about 7 minutes before our taco entrees with our guac - would prefer them to come simultaneously, as they were hot and cooled down a bit by taco time.I came here on a Wednesday at 12:30 pm and there was no wait. Placed my order for carne, pollo and fried mahi mahi tacos. 
Pros- fast service, clean restaurant, their tacos were well marinated and flavorful, their homemade red hot sauce is delicious! 
Cons- I have a little bone to pick with the size of fish in my fish taco. You've seen Finding Nemo right? My taco should've been called Finding Mahi. Don't get me wrong, it tasted good but it was tiny! It was reminiscent of a fish stick as it was but it didn't even extend the length of the taco (see my pic). I looked at some Yelp pics again and maybe I just got the bottom of the batch because other people's seemed bigger. I do have a bad case of food envy when people get more food than me.I'm giving a conflicted 3 star review. 
Our food was fantastic! I enjoyed the house fish tacos, one fried, one grilled. Both were awesome and I dare say, I think they were the best fish tacos that I've had in my life.  My wife had the house style tacos with fried tofu and she thoroughly enjoyed them. We split an order of black beans and rice and that was also equally fantastic.
The space itself is laid back and casual and they have semi waiter service. You order at the counter and they bring your food to you. Its a great relaxed place to have a quick meal. 
Will I go back? I don't know.  We sat by the back wall and I couldn't help but notice mouse droppings in the concrete nooks. I looked up the health inspections and this apparently, is something they've been sited for in the past and I would think that they would take measures to ensure that they clean thoroughly to remove that kind of stuff from being visible. I don't live in a fantasy land where I'm under the impression that pests aren't in restaurants. Jeff Goldblum's character from Jurassic Park taught me that life always finds a way. Mice will go where there is food HOWEVER, the management should be on top of things enough to take a few minutes to clean up the dining area so mouse droppings aren't visible to people eating.  This is basic pride in your business and respect for your customers. The food was great, the staff was nice but they dropped the ball when it comes to something that I would expect to be a given as far as cleanliness.AWESOME tacos and guacamole!! The tortilla soup definitely tastes like home :) The jamaica water was delicious too, you can tell that it was real (no artificial anything). Very very pleased with everything! Can't wait to go back!!!!Amazing. Yes.. the hype is real. Free samples of custom Yard's beer (brewed just for this place) while standing in line, nice menu, and great food! We came 45 minutes before closing but it was perfect. Short line for once and the place was still very lively. Great service. Geez, I died and went to corn heaven --- order it! Just do it. I was never a big seafood taco person growing up eating street tacos for $1.50 each. Though these tacos didn't truly take me right back to Mexico (or California), they are really really good! They have a more modern/tex-mex like taste but now I can say that I truly appreciate fish tacos having always been underwhelmed before. I would recommend trying the tequila lime mahi as opposed to the deep fried one if you were torn and had to only pick one. Other's in my group also noted the fish tacos were the best out of their selection but I opted for a second order of corn instead of more tacos 
Can't wait to come back for that corn.. and why not add a delicious fish taco and beer while i'm there :)I'm confused about all of the 4-5 star ratings.
The service, atmosphere, and K83 pale ale while waiting were all fantastic, but the food is a different story.  I had 3 tacos - fried Mahi Mahi, grilled fish of the day (perch), and grilled shrimp. The fried fish had no crispiness/flavor to it, and the perch was under-seasoned. The shrimp were great, but I didn't want to ruin them by keeping them in the bland taco, so I ate them separately. The jicama/slaw were fine, but it's hard to make a good taco without lime and cilantro. 
I'm determined to find things I like here because it's in my neighborhood, so I'll be back to try the other things on the menu. But for now, pretty underwhelmed, JG!Wonderful tequila glazed mahi mahi tacos. Would definitely get again.I used to like this place when it first opened in my neighborhood...the veggie quesadillas were the best that I've had...what did you guys do??? About a month ago I went in for my weekly quesadilla (my boyfriend and I went about twice a week) and it was totally changed. First of all, it was pretty much all cheese which made me sick in my stomach and a couple pieces of veggies...it was super greasy.  I was so disappointed and I asked what happened...I was advised that due to customer reviews, they altered their quesadilla.  Whose reviews did you go by??? It's awful now....you turned such a good item on your menu into garbage. I brought so many friends here including my mom who lives in the suburbs and they were loving my favorite meal at this establishment....now none of us go anymore. I know you are known for your fish tacos ( which I've had and did not love) but for vegetarians who are limited to what we eat, me including alot of other ppl I know, were digging these quesadillas. 
On a side note, the service is not good here!! Need to improve on that as well as friendly staff...didnt need an attitude when I let the employee know there was no side sour cream that I asked and paid for!
Good luck! Sorry that I won't be a returning customer.Great addition to the neighborhood. This place is super casual. There's delicious beer while you wait ( which we did for at least 10 min in line before ordering). The baja margarita is delicious- worth the extra $2 over the classic. I got the salad and chips and guacamole- both were super fresh. The hot sauces on the table are awesome!Service was great and made us feel welcome. Everybody was hospitable. Absolutely no complaints. Despite the line out the door, we had a great table when the time came, and although the the silly music was irritating, we liked the physical environment. 
Tacos were pretty pathetic, though.
I'm sure the flour tortillas were a specific choice, but corn is better.  I'm willing to concede that that might be a personal choice, though, so why not offer it...  
Tortillas, fish, cabbage, cilantro and lime.  That's the essential base.   Anything extra is the embellishment that makes whatever taco you are eating unique.  In this case there is no lime or cilantro, so what overpowers center stage is the orange sauce. Skip it! It's too much like what's on the fish tacos at Distrito, and those are goofy little fish-sticky things. 
And...
The reason fish tacos generally come with two tortillas is because there is so much stuff in the taco that the extra tortilla is there for structural support...or as means for assembling a second taco out of all the good stuff you have left on your plate after eating the first taco.  It's all about abundance, and regrettably, these are bland, feeble little things.   I can't believe Jose Garces had anything to do with them.
Really disappointing.My second time here.  Things I like include the friendly staff.  As a pescatarian/part time vegan...it isn't easy finding much variety in delicious Mexican cuisine.  
I love the tequila lime glaze on the Mahi-mahi.  The chips with the salsa are crisp and thin.  The waitress who brings the food out checked on me...twice.  
Great service  and delicious food.I'm taking a couple of stars off my review, because it seems as though they aren't making their corn tortillas any more!?!? The last few times I've been in, the tortillas have been different. They seem like they are the standard, "grab them out of the bag, grill them a little, and call it home made" kind of tortillas. And that kind of sucks. 
The fillings are still great and they are close to home, so I will probably continue to go there. I just hope the tortillas change.I am So jealous of our friends who live in the Fairmount section of the city. They could eat here everyday!
Their tag line "Fresh Fish Tacos" doesn't mean that's all there is.
Fresh white fish or pacific shrimp - fried or grilled. Had grilled Shrimp and fried fish - both over the moon wonderful.
They also have margaritas, beer and wine!Buena Onda has some of the BEST tacos in Phila! I love that Steven Starr has a casual, affordable dining option. 
They always have a special taco. This week it was an adobo tuna with avocado and pickled cabbage- so so tasty! They also have chicken, beef, fish and shrimp tacos. I also highly recommend the nachos! You can make them spicy or mild and they come loaded up with beans, sour cream, cheese, all the goodies. The nachos are a great addition to share with a group.
Buena Onda also has a variety of great drinks. I love the margs. Not too sweet and nice and strong :) They also have sangria, frozen margs and beers. 
I haven't made this is a while, but BO also does a great weekday happy hour!Great place, fast, fresh and friendly. The fish and shrimp tacos are really the best thing to dive into, though I'm sure some of their other things.Got to try Buena Onda for a work lunch and we had a fantastic time. A lot of us are decent foodies, and were carefully planning out our taco and drink selections. The place is very well designed and has a great lunch spot feel. I was surprised this place wasn't overpriced. I think their price point for the quality taco is spot on. Yes they're small but who wouldn't pay $3 per taco when they're this pretty and tasty?
I got the shrimp, fried mahi, and carnitas tacos. Shrimp was absolutely my favorite. I think the fried ones fell short, so stick to that tasty glaze they have going. The pork one also had a lot of great flavors. They didn't skimp on the meat either. There is a high level of detail that goes into these from the tiny chopped chives on top to the thin cabbage or pickled radish that gives these tacos some style. 
We had guac and salsa to start and those needed a little work. Guac had pretty big chunks of everything. The kitchen staff also needs a little work in not staring at you and winking while you eat. Still think they have a wonderful ambiance and are taco-tastic so it didn't break the 5 star deal.
They have a yards tap you can pour beer while waiting in line (yeah, you heard me, free beer) Margaritas seemed pricey but they were delicious and strong so it was worth it...like inappropriate to have at a work meeting strong.I loved their fish tacos! The staff was great and service was fast. Totally would recommend this place to taco aficionados!Popped into this joint to eat before going to the Franklin Institute. It was close and in a low key situation tucked behind the library. Upon first getting there, I did notice how cramped it was on the inside. I was there on a Tuesday night and there was nowhere to sit, so I can see it being impossible to take a seat in there on a Friday or Saturday. I'm only assuming that they have takeout, and if they do, I'd say do that versus trying to eat in. It is clean though. No empty dishes sit around for very long at all, as they have someone promptly cleaning up everything the second people are done.
The menu is small. That didn't bother me, but with a small menu comes big expectations. I feel like things should be executed amazingly if you aren't juggling a lengthy list of things to make. I ordered the "fish taco of the month," which was a chile swordfish. I only ordered one, being they were $4.50 a pop. I also ordered some chips and guac. Everyone else I was with ordered quesadillas. They also serve beer and other libations for you drinkers out there. I even saw an option for soft serve ice cream. The four of us split two and two. The total being about 25 dollars for two of us, which I thought was a little crazy for what we ordered, but I minded my comments until I saw and tasted the food. We were given a number so the employees could drop our food to us when it was finished. Boom.
Food came out pretty quick. My taco was good. It wasn't great or mind blowing, but I did like it. It was very small, as well as the piece of fish on there. People kept telling me to go get another one since it wasn't much, but the price just wasn't really worth it to me. The chips were okay. I will speak volumes about that guac though. Super chunky and super delicious. I could have eaten that with a spoon. I tasted one of the chicken quesadillas, which was pretty good as well. 
Overall... not a bad experience at all. It just wasn't the best thing in the world either, and I kind of felt indifferent about it when I left.Really, this place deserves 4.5 stars. We came here for dinner around 6:45 on a Thursday. There was a line, but I was told that was the norm. So much the norm, that there is free beer offered to those waiting in said line. When we finally got to the counter, we placed our order then staked out our seats and waited for the grub. I had the chicken taco and the glazed shrimp taco. Both were really good. Dining Partner had the beef quesadilla which was THE BOMB and we split an order of guacamole and chips. Overall a very fresh meal in a very cool beachy-atmosphere. 
I'm knocking off a star for the long line, we waited about 15 minutes to place our order. I'd rather get my food faster and nix the dixie cup sized beer.I'm usually not a huge fan of tacos but Buena Onda is great! Everything tastes flavorful and fresh.
I don't eat dairy so I ordered a chicken taco with no creme. It came out with cheese on it so I just brushed it off. One of the managers saw me do this, came over and gave me a brand new taco without me asking. The employees and management are very friendly and the restaurant has an overall good vibe :)Awesome! The nachos were the best I've had and the perch taco was also very good. I'm not a taco person but I will definitely be back here for fish tacos.Pretty good tacos.  Only reason I gave it 4 stars and not 5 is because I don't think they cook the shrimp enough.  I eat there frequently and it's the same every time.  I usually just get the chicken and grilled fish tacos and avoid the shrimp.  Come on guys, cook the shrimp a little more please!Let me just start off by saying, I LOVE THEIR FISH TACOS.
And that means a lot coming from someone who's from la.
Recently I've been trying out a pescetarian diet, so when my friends and I came to Buena Onda, I was slightly disappointed I couldn't try their carne asada tacos. But I had heard great things about their fish tacos so I was willing to give them a try even though I'm not a huge fan of them.
Lo and behold, Buena Onda has converted me into a fish taco lover. I got 2 mahi mahis (one fried, one with the tequila lime glaze), and one shrimp. I will say the fried mahi mahi was amazing (how could it not be, it was fried lol), BUT, I absolutely loved the tequila lime glaze. I'm a lover of all things lemon and lime, so it wasn't hard to be impressed by the glaze. I still think about it all the time and can't wait to go back. Oh and they also have a few different types of hot sauces and they were all tasty as well. I've had fish tacos in California but Buena Onda definitely lives up to the hype. I definitely recommend it!
PS. They give out free beer samplers while you wait! & they're quite tasty beers I must say :-)BUENA ONDA is my go-to place. I absolutely love everything.. from the tacos to the quesadillas to the margaritas and the beer on tap. I love how fresh everything is when I walk in. I actually love it so much that I tell all my friends about it.
I've probably gone and eaten here 4 times or so. However, I did order pickup last week and I was not as impressed this time around. I was told it would be 20 minutes for the food to be ready. I arrived 5 minutes early. I got back to my place (I live 5 minutes from B.O) and the tacos were cold and the quesadillas werent the same fantastic quesadillas I've gotten prior. They didnt have rice and other veggies that they had before and lacked chicken. 
I'll keep ordering for sure, maybe not pickup though.. I hope they didnt change what goes into the quesadillas because that would be a huge bummer for me. That was just one bad experience, the rest have been great.Everything was fantastic, but I highly recommend the pork tacos, guacamole, and margaritas. You won't regret it!This place is amazing. They were giving out samples of delicious yards beer upon entering the restaurant, which was a delightful introduction. The pricing is very reasonable and the ambiance is super relaxing. Buena onda feels summery and a fresh of breath air compared to the 37 degree surroundings. In terms of the food,
the fish tacos and sauce were great; I had the perch and mahi mahi. I love white wine and had a glass of their house wine, which was so good id like to take a shower in it. We found out that it's opera prima Chardonnay and you can only order it in cases of 12 from the liquor store which I'm most likely going to do. In summary, this place was so great that it made me want to be friends with everyone around me
just because we were sharing the same buenas ondas.The fish tacos are delicious-- white fish or shrimp, grilled!  I've been here several times and loved it.  My guests love it too!  
The restaurant itself is not super pleasant to eat in (chaotic, tables not cleaned regularly, unenthusiastic staff, etc.) but the fish tacos are FANTASTIC and worth it!  It's the tastiest place around the Barnes Museum area (other than Whole Foods Center City).Best fish taco I have ever had.   Nachos are yummy too.  Don't miss the soft serve before you leave.Food: 4.5
Service: 2.5
Value: 3
These fish tacos are a little slivers of heaven. The absolutely perfect summer tacos. I'd probably be broke if I lived near here, because these are not cheap.Best fish tacos in the city. This is a great casual place just to run out to for lunch. Also get the corn and the soft serve ice cream.New favorite taco place in Philadelphia !!! Not to mention the Prickly Pear Margarita is to die for.The NACHOS. Get the nachos. Seriously! I also had a white wine sangria which was amazing. Good happy hour and great music.Best fish tacos in the world! I'm blessed to have been able to find this place. You can order fish tacos with the fish grilled or fried, allowing for a healthier version with the grilled. The service is solid, and the food never takes too long. It's a great place to order take out from. I've become a regular, and it's my first place to stop at when I get to Philly from a trip.I absolutely love this place. I go almost every Tuesday for taco Tuesday and it is amazing. My favorite the shrimp tacos and the Guacamole. Everyone that works there is so nice. If there's a long line just go sit at the bar!! I love this place!Upon hearing that Jose Garces had a new restaurant in Philly, my friend and I immediately added this to our food list. Buena Onda had a great beachy vibe, which felt like an escape from (at that time) the cold Philly weather. Buena Onda is definitely fast-casual, unlike the other Jose Garces restaurants. The servings were very generous here, which my friend and i definitely appreciated. Everything was also quite reasonably priced. 
When we went, my friend and i ordered the Nachos, Veggie Quesadilla, Jumbo Pacific Shrimp Tacos and the Esquites. Everything was delicious but for me, the winner of the night was the last one. The corn was extremely tasty, creamy with just a hint of spice. The nachos were extremely cheesy and tasty, but to me, it wouldn't be what I'd consider the best nachos ever. 
All-in-all, I didn't think the restaurant was life-changing though it is a solid option for fast-casual Mexican food.The flavor of the tacos is amazing! I was wondering why I saw a massive line outside one night and this explains why. You will not be disappointed.We come here at least 3 times per week for tacos and guac. Delicious mahi, shrimp, pork, and beef. The managers are super friendly and accomodating. This place is very consistent and tasty.The tacos are delicious. I had one shrimp, and two fish. All fried (highly suggested);
The composition of each taco was great, every bite has a piece or something other than just fish meat. The flavors blend together in your mouth and satisfy every taste bud.
They also served a complimentary beer tasting which was lovely. 
Outside seating is really nice since it next to the Barnes.
Definitely a good place to go have a taco and relax.Favorite fish tacos in the city.  I always get one mahi mahi taco, one shrimp taco, and one fish of the day taco fried.  I have been with others who have raved about the grilled fish as well as the carnitas and pollo tacos.  There is often a free beer sample and you can accent any meal with chips/salsa/guacamole or a margarita.  Very reasonably priced and always fresh!This is a long overdue review.  Made a day trip to Philly one Saturday and rolled into town just in time for lunchie munchie.  Hubster wanted to try this Garce offshoot.  SUPER IMPRESSED.  We are usually snobs when it comes to tacos because we had a few years in the West Coast and the taco game out there is incredible.  The tacos were FHAMAAAAZINGGGG!!! There was a wait but we got seated pretty quick.  Service was super friendly and accommodating.  It's super casual but has a nice vibe to the space.  Kinda reminds me of a cool diner that serves tacos and nachos.  The margaritas were on point.  We tried all the tacos...carnitas, carne, fish....YUMMO!!! I ended up going for a second order of the fish tacos....Will definitely be back for another round of this next time in Philly!!I've been absolutely chomping at the bit to come here ever since it was suggested to me in the context of nachos. I'm a Jose Garces' fan (bc I'm basic) and also everything with chips and cheese and beans and something that's reasonable to slather with hot sauce. 
Inebriation was the tipping point and I booked an uber for myself and my companion to this place on a Friday evening after happy hour. 
Big bonus that this place has alcohol. I ordered a beer to top off my previous imbibing and obviously nachos. My companion ordered steak tacos. The tacos came first, my companion's verbal candid review was that it was subpar to what he's used to in SoCal. The bar is high in this case.
Either real life time passage or my significant impatience made the wait seem like a hot minute. I passed the time by pouring the three hot sauces they have into those little cups to prepare myself. I drunkenly got the same hot sauce twice. No harm, no foul. 
Chips are crispy and loaded with sour cream, tomatoes, pickled-jalapeno slices, and radish shavings. The amount of beans were scarce. There was also this delicious powdery white cheese I've become accustomed to consuming with my mexican food recently. The hot sauces they have for you are amazing, and they greatly enhanced the flavor. These nachos were good but not my favorite in philly and nothing I feel overwhelmingly compelled to have again.I don't get it, are places buying reviews now. Place is overpriced, and I was real disappointed after waiting 15 minutes for mahi mahi tacos that should have been cheaper and prepared in front of me much quicker.  I really don't get it, Yelp really failed me on this .. but oh well. Atleast the Barne's Collection down the street was worth parking in that area.Just experienced probably the greatest tacos that I've ever tasted my tongue, ever. The cashier was wonderful and gave me a recommendations which I complied with. The fish taco was so fresh and so delicious and complemented by the sauces provided, I literally sat there in a state of amazement. My second taco was the Carnita. Usually braised pork loses its flavor. Here it not only maintained its flavor, it was picked by the spices and accompaniments. Also, the other sauce provided on the table just took this to unbelievable Heights. I highly, highly recommend this restaurantThe food, the decor and the options are decent for sure, but the food literally DESTROYED my colon the following morning.  now, granted, i am lactose intolerant, and also, i find it annoying that i AM lactose intolerant.  i feel it important to point that out.  despite this bullshit intolerance of mine, i stated this to the cashier, who was seriously just darling, and checked the 'no cheese', 'no sour cream', 'no butter', 'no milk', 'no buttermilk', 'no creamer', 'no queso', 'no crema', no 'whatever else in this dairy smothered restaurant has dairy in it' check boxes off for me...and yet...still, somehow, my food was loaded with dairy.  i want to point out here that several years prior, i had given up on garces restaurants because it was borderline impossible to order anything without dairy in it at ALL of his spots.  five years on, one forgets these things...regrettably.  in a taco place, versus a full scale restaurant, one would expect things made from scratch since tacos are simple, piecemeal finger food, but it would appear not to be the case since dairy clearly made it into my food.  and i am not super sensitive to dairy.  for the reaction to be what it was in my system, there had to be a literal BOATLOAD of dairy products in the food.
In short, the food tasted really good, but I was sick as a dog the following day at work and lost valuable time out of my work day.  EXTREMELY unimpressed.Overall was great, and looking forward to coming back for the grilled fish tacos and carnitas tacos.   
- Grilled mahi tacos: 5 stars
- Fried mahi tacos: 4 stars
- Carnitas tacos: 5 stars
- Quesadilla: meh (soggy, filled with rice?) - not a huge fan
- Kids quesadilla: meh (soggy, too much cheese for any kid)
- Chopped salad with chicken- nothing special - would have been better if chicken were chopped with the salad 
- Atmosphere, good vibes from free beer in line: 5 stars
- Tomatillo salsa on the tables was killer
Went with toddlers around 6p on sat night - while the staff were super friendly, prob too busy to this again with toddler, at least on a weekend at this time since the place was super packed and the spaces between tables are tight.  Weekdays or earlier might be better.  
Now if only they did delivery...I have to update my review here given recent experiences. The last two times we have been- we have waited over 30 minutes to receive our food. Today I was waiting for take out and saw the people who were in line behind me both receive and eat all their food before I had even gotten my order. After 35 minutes (including waiting in line for ~15 minutes) I asked the server where my togo order was and she ignored me. This place has good tacos but has serious service flaws.Amazing grilled fish tacos and even better fried plantains! Omg! Plantains alone are worth the trip!I heard about this restaurant years ago when they first opened and started following them on Instagram where I - appropriately - drooled at photos of tacos. Finally was in the area and got to stop and eat. We went at happy hour 4-6, and let me just stop and say GO DURING HAPPY HOUR! They have specials almost every day but GO DURING HAPPY HOUR ! We went on a Thursday so it was $2 pollo tacos and the sangria was cheap as well as beer. I got the red sangria which was good, not a lot of alcohol but for $3 it was good! They don't offer margaritas on their happy hour menu, just a heads up! But with cheap tacos and sangria, who needs it ! I also decided to order the esquites aka corn from the heavens- it was so good! Get it, just do yourself the favor and order it! I tried some of the rice as well and it was very flavorful. It's a really cute little place, a little dark, but the decor was super cute and beach - light colored wood and cool dip dyed wall hangings. It was super easy to order as well, you order get a number, and then your food is brought to you. Silverware, napkins, etc. is all at a station for you to grab. They do reuse and recycle- I saw a little placard stating so- which is awesome! They also just recently opened up one in KOP mall - so I can't wait to fulfill my taco fix there. Menu is small but the flavors are mighty and the bang for your buck is incredible!I love finding a place that is unique. It a great place to pop into to enjoy some good Mexican food and a nice margarita. I walked into Buena Onda and the first thing they did was hand me a beer sample (Thank You) then I ordered a delicious chrorizo quesadilla. It was filled with spicy chorizo, sweet onions, melty cheese, some peppers and a golden tortilla. I was in love. It was so delicious then i sipped on my simple but tasty margarita. The prices are a little high for the amount of food you get  but I never leave hungry just wanting another bite or two. 
Recommend going here on Tuesday for half price margaritas. 
Isn't that the only way to do Mexican food is with a margarita or beer in one hand?Came here for fish tacos . What a pleasant surprise to see there is a fish of the day. The grilled perch  tacos were superb! My first time here . I will rave about the place , the menu choices, the prices and the best part of it all ... The Popsicles. I had strawberry and it's out of this world banging good!!!  I have a dairy allergy . This Popsicle was perfect for me and anyone whose diet is nondairy .Our favourite Philly go to. 
Love the mahi mahi and shrimp tacos.  Simple and delicious.I'm guessing based on other reviews that it's great for people who eat meat, but the vegetarian tofu chorizo quesadilla was really mediocre. I couldn't taste any cheese on it (I don't need tons of cheese, but the central idea of a quesadilla IS queso) and the tofu chorizo itself just tasted like any of the generic soyrizo/soy chorizos that you can get at the grocery store, but not even cooked as well as when you make it at home and chat bits.We stopped in here on a Wednesday night after hitting up the Art Museum. At first, I was apprehensive because there was quite a line BUT the free beer samples and streamlined system made the "wait" non-existent. The staff here is accommodating, friendly and  fast. They answered all of our questions and were very helpful.
The food is amazing. We had the marlin mini tacos and the salsa & chips as appetizers and the frozen prickly pear margaritas. Delicious!! For the tacos we had the house special Mahi Mahi, the fish of the day (which was perch), a pollo and a carne. All four of them were incredible. The carne taco was one of the best tacos I've ever had, but all of them were amzing. Not a loser in the bunch.
We will definitely be back to Buena Onda!I've had my fair share of tacos from Chicago to Phoenix to San Diego to San Francisco. The tacos here have topped all of those places! I've had the grilled fish, chicken, carnitas, and shrimp...each one was pretty exceptional! And yes, the fish tacos here are better than any fish taco I ever had in San Diego/La Jolla/Encinitas! The portions are on the larger size, the flavors are delicious, and the spicy salsa that's house-made is downright drinkable! 
Do your belly a favor and get into Buena Onda :)I think this place is great for what it is. The tacos are tiny but tasty, the drink options are solid, and the atmosphere is very beachy. Of the chicken, beef, and carnitas tacos I tried, I HIGHLY recommend the carnitas tacos. Wow. Talk about a party in my mouth. The Yards brew is a must too just because it's made especially for this spot. Worth checking out if you're not super hungry and are looking for a quick bite.Yum!! The tacos were great & reasonably priced! Some other "Mexican" places in center city try make u pay $10 for a tortilla full of rice & beans.. Not here! this place uses great flavors & ingredients (freshly chopped cilantro, avocado, shrimp ). & they're fast to serve you. I'm a fan! Definitely will be going backReally amazing lime glazed grilled shrimp tacos, carnitas tacos and margaritas. Overall very fast and clean. The favors just meld together perfectly. I absolutely loves this place and went back two days in a row.Have been here twice already. The fish tacos are amazing. Reminded me of San Diego. Wish there were happy hour specials.This is a great, beachy spot right near the heart of center city. All of their taco choices have great flavors and their nachos portion is big enough for two people. I have eaten here a dozen times on my lunch break and have never been disappointed. The food comes out quick and is always delicious.Such a great place, great customer service and the food is outstanding, delicious, it melts in your mouth,
We tried carnitas and Carne tacos... and the nachos were so delicious 
We also tried the margaritas what a great complement to our dishesAwesome fish tacos! Love this place! Rec getting at least three tacos for a meal. Grilled and fried mahi mahi are great and the taco of the month (swordfish) is excellent.I am having a hard time trying to decide whether to rate this three or four stars... 
The Good - the food is phenomenal. We ordered chips and guac, shrimp tacos (glazed) and quesadilla. There is nothing negative to say about the food. The sample of K38 as you walk in the door was nice, too. We had original margaritas, which were really good, too. 
The Bad - I know it's a new place and the cashier that took our order was training so I cut some slack... I ordered pollo quesadillas and was given the veggie option. Annoying, but it didn't ruin the meal. My boyfriend ordered a fish taco and a shrimp taco but was given 2 shrimp tacos. Again- annoying but not that big of a deal. The prices are a little higher than we would've liked, given the amount of food you get. Our total came to about $40... 
The ugly - seating is a nightmare. I'm hoping it's only this bad while its "new and hot" and the line is out the door... There were people in the back of the line sending their kids to save a table while the people who are trying to eat have to stand. 
All in all - we will be back.First off, the service was great, who can complain about free beer, fast service, and friendly faces? The food is a different story. I will say as a south Texan and former so-cal resident, my bar is set pretty high for good tacos & nachos but I am open minded and willing to grade on a sliding scale (Especially up here in the northeast where they grow up eating stuff like cheez whiz on ground steak'um). However the food here was meh, bordering on completely tasteless. Except for the nachos, those were super hot, but the tear- producing and not in a joyous way, kind of spicy. Also for nine dollars the nachos were seriously lacking in size and toppings. The mahi tacos were fresh but bland and the pear margarita did not taste like it had any alcohol in it. The street corn was decent. Also where the heck were the limes for anything? 
All in all thought the pricing was high, while portions and taste were not justifiable of the $. There are just too many other tastier, cheaper, bigger bang for your buck alternatives in the city to recommend this place. I know it's the first week open so I take that into consideration but 1st impression was underwhelming.Great Tacos! decent price. fast friendly service. yum! 
(pork tacos are a must).Love the Mahi Mahi grilled not fried tacos. I always ask for extra sauce. I am slightly obsessed with this place and am so excited one is opening up closer to my home and office on Chestnut. The Kale salad is also delicious as are the Margaritas.Probably the best deal on quality tacos I've ever come across. Happy hour is such a steal- $3 for seafood tacos!!! There are daily specials too, like $2 chicken tacos on Thursdays, so take advantage of that as well. Also, be sure to try out the salsas next to the sofa machine!Cool taco place, atmosphere gives off an authentic Miami-ish vibe. Tacos are solid, the mahi mahi specialty was exceptional - get it fried. Little pricey, but not enough to turn you away. The homemade sauces weren't anything to brag about but the guac was good. I'll definitely be back soonOnce we heard that Garces had a new taco shop, my friend and I immediately added a trip to Buena Onda on to our calendars. 
Before we even ordered, we got a free sample of some Yards beer. Free samples are always a welcome addition in my book. Once we ordered, there was not an inch on our table that was not covered with a plate of food. We ordered the Nachos, Veggie Quesadilla, Jumbo Pacific Shrimp Tacos, and the Esquites. The servings here are pretty generous, especially for the quesadilla, nachos, and esquites. While the taste was above average, we could tell that the ingredients were freshly made. 
Buena Onda's set up is more fast food / fast casual so our food was timely but also delicious. They have a multitude of sauces in the back and at your table which helps to make the spice level more to your liking. I just wish they had a vegetarian option for the taco but my quesadilla was delicious and packed with vegetables. Like I said, the food was above average but definitely not the best Mexican food I've had in Philly. For the price, convenience, novelty, and food quality, though, Buena Onda is definitely worth a try!Tried all the fish tacos multiple times and always so good. They have all kinds of tacos.  Clean cute place with charming touches like a turn table and LPs. Beer and other nonalcoholic drinks, like fruity sodas. Nice people. Be prepared to wait for during peak times but the wait is never that long and it is worth it.Limited vegetarian options.  On my two visits service has been inconsistent.  Items have come out 10 minutes apart and incorrectly.  Tonight they were out of nachos?  Food is pretty pricey and no where close to the quality of Distrito.  I understand Distrito is more upscale sit down and here is more casual counter order, but when prices are on par I can't help but compare.  IMHO this place is riding on the Garces name and the limited Mexican options in Fairmount.My friends and I ordered chicken tacos from Buena Onda, and these tacos weren't as good as tacos from other places. The tacos had a weird flavor to them that I didn't like about them. However, the nachos were a lot better than the tacos! They were made fresh and they had a lot of toppings. The service was excellent here and everyone here was very quick and attentive. If I went back here I would order the nachos and not bother with the tacos.