A bit on the outskirts of walking distance, but a tasty meal. The place is small though, so be prepared for a long wait for the table even with a reservation.Although the atmosphere is inviting and it is a Byob, I couldn't help but say my pocket book was quite empty after. One pizza serves only 1 and comes in between $12-14. The sides are small and run around $10. I only ordered for carryout and split 2 small slices and a half a cup of stew with one person thinking this would be enough,however we were still hungry after and down $30. 
This is a great place for trying something new, but if you're hungry be prepare to order 3 pizzas to satisfy you're pizza  craving.Excellent! Bufad is down Spring Garden right past Broad, if you are coming from the Fairmount area. It won Best of Philly for brunch and I friggin love brunch, so I found myself here on a Sunday morning with the girls. I was surprised it wasn't packed, we made a rezzy, but when we got there the place was practically empty! Honestly more people need to learn about this place because, yo!!! It was delish.
I went with 3 of my girlfriends and we ordered 3 different dishes and split them. We got the eggs benny on a friggin pizza. Damn Daniel, this was so good! It was prosciutto I think on a pizza with a poached egg! It had a little spice. I am drooling thinking about it (not literally lmao). We got some gnocchi and egg dish, which I didn't LOVE, but my friends did and we also got the cannoli French toast. The mix of savory and sweet did it in for us...
After we ate we still hung around and crushed 2 bottles of champagne. Oh, did I mention it was BYOB!!! Bring the champagne and they'll give ya to OJ! It was lit.  
I will hundo p be back and I CANNOT wait.We have been here twice and both times the service was really dicey. Our waitress was super friendly but with no one else in the restaurant but us we didn't think it was too much to ask for a beer glass. We had to ask twice for it. The pizza is tasty but a bit sloppy and inconsistent. I do love the fact that it is BYOB and it is a nice atmosphere.My favorite pizza place by far. Which is great because I live across the street. The seasonal pizzas are amazing. My only complaint is that my favorite pizza is only available in the summer. Fingers cross that they bring it back. 
The crust might be my most favorite part. The perfect amount of crunchiness.  
Also, staff is nice and helpful.Well this started off with 4 stars but quickly changed.
Check in with yelp and got a free piece of pizza.  The waitress picked out something for me - potato pizza - wow... different but good.
With a group of six, they messed up one pizza.  Without any hesitation or being asked, they had another one in the oven to replace it.  They even told us to keep it and try it out.... THAT IS SERVICE!
Will revisit again!For some reason I feel like there's been a rash of pizza joints operated by heavily tattooed folks opening in this city.   Like pizza is edgy or something.  It's not.  It should be straightforward and good.  Simple.  And don't hug me when I check into your joint (Pizza Brain).  Gross.  Go make me a pizza.
This is where Bufad excels.  Yeah, people had an edge here.  But more South Philly rough-around-the-edges edge versus Northern Liberties look-at-me edge.  Good edge.  But whatever, I'm here to eat pizza.  Do you make good pizza?  Yes.  Do you need to beat me over the head with that fact?  No.  Deal.  Let's eat.
The sausage pizza here is the best I've ever had.  Any pizza, any place.  They make a few non-pizza dishes that all look, or can be confirmed as, delicious.  Simple.  Take the burrata.  A few everyday ingredients thrown together in a way you feel like you could do at home, but know deep down it wouldn't be the same.
I just wish they served beer.Today my partner and I tried some new pizzas. I had the Bianca and added arugula, it was perfect and creamy...my partner had the new (I think it's new) Hawaiian pizza which looked really good but he said it didn't have enough pancetta. All in all a good trip. Service was very good, music is always good here. It was a little too cold inside even when it was hot outside but that's preference.Bufad is fantastic. My boyfriend and I showed up around 8:30 last night and was luckily able to sit outside (they have heat lamps) without a reservation. However, I highly recommend a reservation since the wait was over an hour and since it's BYOB you can't 'wait and have a drink.'
It is very worth the wait if you have to wait! We started with a few of the fresh Antipasta. Not only was each tasting delicious, the presentation on a cutting board was much more than what I was expecting. 
My date and I also ordered a pizza each and shared. I had the Marinara pizza and my date had the Mushroom. Mine was very light without the cheese which was perfect post-antipasta. The Mushroom was a mix of mushrooms, onions and arugula with an olive oil sauce. Tasty for a nontraditional pizza. 
We ended dinner with generous pours of espresso and felt like we were dining on a piazza in Italy, not on the corner of Spring Garden and 13th.Great pizza. Fresh ingredients. But the tall guy serviing us was not friendly at all, didnt smile and He almost looked like he was annoyed for having customers. Go for the pizza, not for service.Amazing, true-to-form Italian pizza with an awesome staff and a great atmosphere. Definitely coming back here before events at the MOCA!We had been to Bufad for a weekend dinner. The weather was pleasant so we decided to sit outside. service was good - Food: pizza was super fresh and tasty. We tried Burrata - delicious! And basil ice cream for dessert - it was out of the world. We are definitely coming back to treat ourselves here.
If you are a vegetarian- there are plenty of options with the pizza. 
I believe it is BYOB. yaaaaayyyyyy!!!Amazing pizza! Amazing staff and it's BYOB. I put this with some of the top pizza places in PhillyThe pizza is solid, and I had a solid experience yesterday.
First off BYO is always a win in my book, no corkage fee. As others have said, Prohibition Bar is about a block away, so grab some cold ones and do that pizza & beer combo! 
Started off with the Burrata $12. A little steep, but the dish was pretty good, probably wouldn't get it again for what it's worth. The cheese was good, soft creamy and rich, served cold over warm asparagus, raisins, pine nuts. It was a good contrast of temperature, texture and rich cheese vs. fresh vegetables to combat the richness. 
Got 2 pizzas because we are fat, judge me. 
Mushroom pizza - YES. If you love mushrooms and truffle oil like I do, this one is a solid one. You can smell the truffle as sooon as the pizza comes out. The mushrooms are plentiful, the veggies make it fresh and give it texture.. and the egg is not weird at all! Perfectly cooked, so the runny yolk is perfectly creamy and rich with the cheese.. and mushrooms and truffle oil for the perfect creamy bite. I'm all about this pizza
Shrimp pizza special - this one was pretty good. Shrimp was fresh, cooked well and the tomato sauce was fresh. But the mushroom pizza stole the show for me
Personally, I would cut the pizzas even more, they cut them into 4 big slices -- I prefer 8 smaller slices.. but just a personal preference. Also, the crust could be a tad smaller for me so there's more room for toppings! Otherwise, solid effing pizza.Man I really thought I was going to like this place but it was a huge let down. My husband and I love Cafe Lift and I believe the same owner owns both places so I couldn't wait to try Bufad but it was yuck. Nothing about the pizza was good.  The cheese wasn't good and the sauce was really bad because it was watery and oily at the same time. The crust was a little burnt and not the tasty type of burnt either. The other thing I didn't think was right was that online the price of the pizza was $13 but when my husband went to pick it up it was $14. I wish I had known someone who tried this place before we wasted $14 on that pizza. Save your money and skip this place.A great little pizza place that is worth the effort to find. The ingredients are fresh, and the different types of pizza to choose from are unique and tasty. There are a few other eateries within a block or so, and I think they are all owned by the same group/person, and all worth a visit.Bufad's new BOGO Sunday promotion might be the best pizza deal in the city. We had two quality Neapolitan style pies here for $14. Still, even without money-saving specials Bufad's pies will satisfy the live-fired pizza craving if you find yourself in the area.
The lack of space here could prove problematic on a busier night, but I like the intimate wood-and-brick rustic aesthetic they have. Bufad's concise menu has a decent amount of options neatly divided between red sauce and more seasonal fare (the seasonal stuff usually tastes better). The pizzas' crusts are superb, rimmed with perfect amounts of char, crisp, slightly puffy, and intensely flavorful. I dug my slightly over-salted pannocchia pie with its unique combination of corn sweetness, mushroom funk, and salty pancetta and cheese. My companion's melanzane had rich eggplant flavor, hearty sauce, and mellow ricotta, which while tasty failed to make as big an impression as my pizza.
Still, both pies competed well with the better known Neapolitan haunts in Philly (Stella, Zavino, Barbuzzo, and the like) and were a couple bucks cheaper even without the promo. Also, many reviewers complain about the staff's douchiness, but everyone we interacted with acted friendly and courteous. Bufad renders trips to other pizza spots superfluous if you're nearby or don't want to deal with the headache of parking in more popular areas.Have not tried the Roman style but the Napoletan is as good as it gets!
Very friendly and efficient service.  Cool lighting and a fun vibe!
Love that it's BYO and accepts cc's.  Great option even during the week when you don't want to drop $100 or carry alot of cash!Top notch pizza, cute environment, great staff, I'll be back.This is a good fancy personal pizza place. I can't remember the name of the pie but one of the pies we got had a fried egg on it and it was awesome. It's also great that this place isn't too much money so it's a good spot for an affordable but fun date night. The burrata was also  super creamy. Great place!The pizza was pretty good... and I like the dough.  The two of us finished one pizza quite easily, but it was just the perfect amount of food. 
Our server was nice, and was able to make recommendations as well as minus the meat portion of the pizza we wanted with no trouble.  The atmosphere inside was laid back, slightly dark maybe a hair noisy?  I'd come back though.I enjoyed the gourmet pizza and carrot pistachio slaw!!   They have a nice lunch special for only $7.Bufad serves up the best pizza I've had outside of Italy.  The flavors are beyond amazing.  The Margherita and Summer Corn/Chèvre Pizzas are to die for.  In my opinion, this is the best place  for pizza in the city, by far. AND it's BYO, which just adds to my love of this place! Anyone looking for an authentic rustic pizza cooked to perfection (doughy AND thin crusted), look no further!On Friday, my fiance and I came to Bufad to enjoy a little date night in the snow. Bufad is a BYO so we brought a bottle of moscato to share with our pizza. The pizza's we ordered were the Mushroom Pizza which had truffle oil as well as a special of the day (slow cooked lamb pizza). For dessert we got this delicious lemon ricotta cake with poached pears and vanilla ice cream. The lamb was flavorful and delicious. The dough/crust of the pizza was so fluffy. I loved it! It tasted extremely fresh. The pizza just went together so well. The dessert was a nice touch too. For a BYO, the price is great! I have noticed that usually BYO's are expensive. 
Bufad is a restaurant that although gets full does not get loud. Furthermore, the service is quick but there doesn't seem to be too much interaction and people asking how you are. However, everybody is polite. I will definitely be returning or ordering in at some point.Great 4 course vegan meal. The pizza with spiced escarole, eggplant and pangrattato didn't even make me miss the cheese.
Can't wait to come back. Non vegan options as well that I want to try.I have nothing but amazing things to say about Bufad. We went for my birthday dinner. There was a bit of a wait, but they let us stand around and drink our wine. They also gave us the option of heading to prohibition for a drink and they would call us, we didn't do this,  but great option. Also,  the chef made us a free and tasty snack while we waited.  WHAT?! Who does that? Also, we had a group of 7, which they can't really accommodate, but they let us squeeze and it was great. We had the mozz brussel sprouts app, a delicious salad and 5 pizzas for the table. It was the perfect amount of food and everything was DELICIOUS. Also, super veg friendly,  easy to order pizzas without the meat. The brussel sprout pizza was so good that i wanted to live in it. Seriously. The staff was so friendly and genuinely cared about our experience. Go here. Often. Just don't go with more than 4/6 people if you want lots of room. I talked about Bufad to everyone I came in contact with last night because I want everyone to go and have a similar experience. Can't wait to back.Bufad is super close to where I live and I was really hoping for it to be good. Pizzeria vetri and nomads pizza (around the same prize range) is loads tastier and a much better option in my opinion. We ordered the corn pizza and the sausage pizza. The corn pizza was overly sweet and tasted like something was not fresh. The sausage pizza was a little bit better but it was overly saucy and soggy. Both pizzas were lukewarm and not piping hot (I didn't order takeout). Had high expectations but overall super disappointed. If you're in the area, skip this place, and head to vetri instead.This place is close to my job, so I tried it with a co-worker. The service was pretty good and our server was pleasant. I got the Rapini pizza which was really good, fresh, and baked really well. Prices were also reasonable. I'd definitely recommend this spot for someone who loves pizza and doesn't mind not ordering plain cheese or pepperoni.A party of 2 went to Bufad on a Friday of September 2017. I've been trying to find the pizza place since I've moved to Philadelphia. It's byo. We brought a bottle of wine with us to share.  
When we walked in it was a little awkward because the servers just stared at us until I asked if we seat ourselves (there was no customers there at the time). We finally were seated and the server brought us water and wine glasses. 
We ordered wood fired figs, tomato watermelon and merguez sausage. Wood fried figs were really good if you like figs. Tomato watermelon was pretty unique but we liked it. Something to try for sure. Merguez sausage pizza was okay. Nothing new.Umm...I guess I'm not hipster enough to like this place. The food ranged from mediocre (mussels, meh, go to any bar) to terrible (margherita pizza). The other pizzas we got were somewhere in between. But at $12-16 each, no thanks. I'll stick to Papa Johns.
Broken glass everywhere on the street doesn't help either.I'm really sad about the Margherita being so watered down. I really love Cafe Lift and have been a major supporter for years. For some reason Prohibition and Bufad have missed the mark. I tried the burrata and it was good, if not overpowered by the salty seasoning. I tried the escarole and similar to the Margherita the tomato sauce just doesn't pack a punch. You barely taste any flavor. No thanks. I'll continue to support Lift but I'll pass on Bufad and Prohibition.If you live or work around Bufad, you must go there... now!
Great service, and very affordable food. Not to forget delicious!
I recommend you check out their square pizzas of the day. These are quite hefty slices of pizza that sell for a dollar or two each. Two or three of these will definitely fill you up, and you and your wallet will be happy.I left my igloo in Alaska, and drove my dog team to the airport, flew 1,000's of miles to come here and eat the pizza.....no, seriously, and it was worth it! The Brussell sprout pizza was AMAZING! and Shaun with a "u" was excellent. Inspired to go home and create pizza from my homestead garden and homemade goat cheeses. Might have to sub Moose meat for the Kensington cuts however! Oh yeah, pizza crack!We love Bufad. Delicious creative pizza and great service. Wish we could visit more often. The summer corn pizza is worth even a long drive.Amazing gourmet pizzas! Today my partner and I shared a arugula and prosciutto salad with goat cheese and a calamari and shrimp pizza. Sounds crazy but it tasted great!I've been to Prohibition Taproom and Cafe Lift so I had high hopes for Bufad (all owned by the same company). 
Went for lunch and the service could've been a little quicker but we didn't really indicate we were on a time limit so I don't blame them. 
We got the Cafe Lift Style Margherita Pizza and a special of the day - roasted brussel sprouts with ricotta. Everything was delicious and the perfect portion for two people! 
I didn't know they sold slices and wish I worked closer so I could grab a slice for lunch some days - they look delish.Thissssss pizza. GIRL!!!!,The mushroom pizza is soooo delicious. Shaun has the best beard in america! Come here. Pizza crack.We went here as a family for the first time on a sunday night and had a wonderful experience! 
It was buy one get one free pizza night, so we got a salad and 4 pizzas between the 3 of us and ended up taking a whole pie home leftover!
The service was excellent, ambiance was comfortable, and food was delish. 
We will be adding this spot to our favorites list! (Better than pizzeria vetri in my opinion)Its really Good pizza, I loved their bread. Wish they had a flavor with nuts in it.
Went there on a Friday night and didn't need a reservation :) 
Really good outdoor seating with headlamps for the chilly nights.Ain't no better way to end the year 2016 than to eat my favorite food (pizza) with my favorite person (Bae). 
Bufad is located on the corner of 13th & Spring Garden. Don't let the sketchy area fool ya, this place is legit. It's a small BYOB restaurant, with only about 5-6 tables & some high table top seating.
For appetizers, we ordered the Burrata, which was pretty bomb. It consists of roasted brussels sprouts, pine nuts, raisins, & crispy pancetta topped with a creamy stracciatella & mozzarella cheese. SO GOOD. Definitely a must-try for a starter. We also ordered one of their specials: Shrimp Risotto Fritters with goat cheese & tomato dipping sauce. It's light in flavor & tastes similar to crab cakes. Surprisingly, I really enjoyed the dipping sauce & I don't even like goat cheese (not a fan of gamey/robust taste). 
Now, let's move on to Bae, I mean Pizza. We had the Mushroom & Winter Sausage Pizza. The Mushroom pizza was our favorite. The mushroom taste was more prominent & flavorful than any other mushroom pizzas we've ever had. If you like mushrooms, order this. You won't be disappointed. The Winter Sausage Pizza was alright. The housemade chili oil we added on to the pizza made it more tasty to eat. Remember that goat cheese & tomato dipping sauce from earlier? Well, our waiter suggested we keep it as a dipping sauce for our pizza crust & guess what? It was the best idea ever. It was dip-licking good! Hey now, get your mind out of the gutter (LOL).
Overall, the quality of service & food are supreme. I'll definitely be back soon.Tried this place out the other night with girlfriend, and is a nice little quick-dining spot.  As others have mentioned, it's got potential, but perhaps after it has been established for a bit.
Service - In our hour of dining, we were serviced by three different people; our first waitress took a long time to explain specials that we couldn''t really hear through the general high noise level and her very quiet speaking.  We proceeded to attempt navigating the menu (I'm admitedly not an italian speaker, and it was a little rough).  After about 15 minutes, we just flagged another server and asked for something we each thought we might like.  This guy was actually extremely helpful in relating what it was we were actually ordering, and did so with a smile and some wit.  When we got our check, it was from a third girl, who was also encouragingly cheerful and thanked us (i kid you not) about 3 times for coming in and eating with the utmost sincerety in her tone of voice.  So in all, I think they've got a good staff in the works.
Food - I've only attempted about 3 of their specialty pies so far, and while none were anything approaching my standard taste for Dough-Sauce-Cheese plain pie, they were actually fairly good and fresh ingredients.  The only one I'd actually consider getting again is something like a butternut squash pie, which I describe as a "Pizzampkin Pie".  If you're into wild tasting pizza ingredient combos (or just a vegetarian looking for something new), I think this is worth giving a taste.  Prices are moderate; I'd say average for a trendy pizza place in the city.
Atmosphere -  Very trendy.  A fun place to be with fun lighting and forcefully social seating (i.e. two of us were sat at something of a table-for-four with another couple; we didn't interact with them... but I could see it happening).  I don't count that against them, as this is not a place you're likely to go for an intimate evening anyway.  Noise level was quite loud at the times I've been (not quite crowded bar level, but certainly more than most pizza joints I've been in).
In the end, I'd say worth a stop in if you're looking for something trendy and adventurous, but not really a "Friday night netflix" pizza joint.Great Pizza just like you would find in a Pizzeria in the streets of Italy.
I had the Millefoglie dessert and i did not like it at all.
I am sure they have way better desserts and I will try them all !!!Came with miss Nazee and this was probably my favorite pizza I have found in Philly. I'm quick to judge Philly for having blah pizza, so I was so pleasantly surprised to have the fresh flavors this place had to offer. 
I got a lamb sausage and pistachio pizza which was super tasty and Nazee's brussell sprout pizza was spot on fantastic. I don't know whose not giving this place 5 stars but they're silly. You can't underestimate a fresh brick oven pizza in a quaint, but adorable environment that's byo and innovative as hell with their pizzas. 
Our server was a tad on the grumpy side but we came on a rainy Tuesday so I'll let it slide for such great pizza.This place was exactly what i was looking for when it comes to a premium pizza place.  
1. Unique oven
2. Awesome Service
3 Great product
4. Basil Gelato was so good
5. Accommodating
Great place - keep up the good workI've been waiting a long time for a great pizza place in my part of Philly.  The people at Bufad, from the owner to the pizza chief, know what they're doing.  Two pizzas for two people is a lot of food (I guess that explains the name).  One pizza and two appetizers will do the job.  So far everything I've tried has been outstanding.What a great first experience. Excellent quality pizza. Will be ordering here again in the near future.Love their pizzas!  John is the sweetest server ever!  Haven't had anything that was not good!Ooohhh, pleasantly surprised by Bufad and the affordable, fresh and unique offerings that we tried. Two of us had an appetizer, a pizza and two desserts for around $30, plus we brought our own bottle of vino. Not bad at all!
We tried the mortadella pizza, which was both smokey and sweet at the same time, with some peppery arugula on top. The only drawback was a slight burnt flavor that lingered not only from the pizza, but from the aroma in the entire restaurant. I think they will argue that is just "how they make pizza", but I definitely would rather have zero burnt flavor if given the option!Rolled into Bufad at 11 am on a Saturday right when they opened and it was pretty deserted. I kind of like it that way because it's peaceful and I like beating the crowds. 
Everyone was very nice and helpful with the menu, we started off with the arugula salad and the burrata salad. Both were excellent, the burrata paired with the roasted vegetables was on point and they complimented each other nicely. The arugula salad was really nice and you might think at first that there's tomato on it but it's actually watermelon which goes to perfect with goat cheese and pistachios that I don't want it any other way now. 
For pizza we went with the margherita pizza and the special white pizza they had with came with housemade fennel sausage that had a good bit of red pepper in it, I also added a fried egg to it. The pizza was legit, this place is SPQR certified so you know that they take their pizza seriously. If I am comparing this pizza to Pizzeria Vetri's which we love as well, I think Bufad wins. The chewiness is amazing and the pizza itself holds up well against the toppings. 
I did try dessert, the cinnamon panna cotta with peaches, very good. We will be back here soon, excellent pizza and close to Prohibition Taproom and Cafe Lift.Friendly staff and great food priced reasonably. Potato and egg pizza & salted caramel gelato drenched in an espresso shot are almost too good to be true. BYO or buy from the bar next door. I will be frequenting Bufad on a regular basis for sure. A welcome and needed addition to the neighborhood.Had a wonderful dinner with my girlfriend - service was very good despite having the power turned off because of some work being done outside.
We got the marinara with clams pizza and the mushroom pizza - both were fantastic.  The dough was soft and tasty and perfectly cooked.  They didn't skimp on the toppings for either pizza and unlike many places it was not too salty.  For an appetizer we got the clams in a ragout sauce - spicy but not too overwhelming.
To top it off they are a BYOB so we took advantage of that and had some wine and a couple of beers.Bufad is perfect for grabbing a super high quality pizza. Go on Sunday, half of the pizzas are buy one get one free, so you end up with 2 pizzas for around $15. Also, it's BYO, so bring something to drink unless you're fine with tap water.Delicious! Fun, low key place. Good for groups!Great pizza place! Service was fast and gracious, and the food was delicious (I recommend the fennel and carrot pizza). The restaurant is a bit isolated, but there's a great bar down the street (cheap, good craft beer + really nice bartenders). The prices are great (we ordered 2 pizzas + an appetizer, and our total bill was $35).Getting my husband to enjoy pizza that is not your standard pizza shop fare is a challenge. We wandered in on a Friday evening and were able to sit at the bar like seats at the window. Be warned, this was a fluke and make a reservation. 
The menu is appealing from top to bottom. Knowing my husband, I agreed to get a margarita pizza with pepperoni, even though I am not a fan of this meat. Pizza comes a short time later. This pepperoni was like it was dropped down from the heavens and I could eat it everyday.  
The pizzas are about the size of a traditional dinner plate, so we ordered a second. I convinced my husband to get the white sausage with fennel, which is almost like 76 not having traffic during normal waking hours. For those of you who don't understand, it means it's a rare occurrence for my husband to agree to have green things on his pizza. 
White sausage pizza comes. Heaven opens up and allows me to enter. I say no because I need to come back to bufad for more pizza.
My only complaint was one of the waitresses tried to clear our plates when we finished our first pizza. It was obvious they were trying to make space for the customers who had come in. I understand the business, but no, "how was it?" Or Segway questions leave for an awkward, "oh hey, I'm still hungry!" conversation.I really want to give this establishment at least 4 stars because the food was really good. However, the service lacked. 
It's a pleasant, small BYO. Good food, but the rushed, disorganized service was a definite negative. We ordered baked figs with Gorgonzola cheese and flatbread, and an antipasto plate, and two Margherita pizzas (one with broccoli rabe). The figs were brought out quickly but not flatbread. I asked the server and she looked puzzled and asked the cook who said it was being "warmed up".  First error: don't serve parts of plates. Nonetheless, it was delicious. The antipasto plate was lovely; slices of pepperoni, a bean salad, pickled carrots, spicy olives, and bread with a yummy cheesy spread. Was just preparing to dig into this when the pizzas appeared! So now presented with the dilemma of what to eat first! I wanted my pizza fresh and hot so I ate that first, but really I should not have had to make that choice. The pizza was very good with a crispy thin crust and nice fresh cheese and broccoli rabe. 
When we had finished our pizza the bill was brought IMMEDIATELY. Nothing like, "would you like anything else?" etc. There are desserts on the menu, but that wasn't offered. Two minutes later the server came by and picked up the bill but we hadn't even put the credit card down yet. Then the person who appeared to be the manager came by and removed the condiments and water pitcher! I could understand if it was a busy night but there were several empty tables available. 
I don't know if I will return again. It wasn't cheap ($50 without any drinks) and I like to linger a bit after eating if it's not busy, so the rushing really turned me off. If you go I would recommend instructing the server to hold the pizza until after the appetizers.Went for brunch this morning and it was amazing. The staff was very friendly and attentive. My friend and I split the stuffed French toast and the eggs Benedict both were awesome. The French toast was stuffed with a ricotta cream and bananas and the flavors worked well with each other. The pizza dough the used for the eggs Benedict was crispy and made it a unique flavor in a good way. I highly suggest going for brunch, I can't wait to go back for their pizza.Delicious and pretentious, at the very same time.
My boyfriend and I went here for a casual lunch date, and had an almost-perfect experience. Atmosphere has a very cozy/hipster vibe to it, with a lot of unfinished pieces adding character. Waitstaff was courteous, and food was absolutely delicious- We  had the trifori salad, fennel sausage pizza, and, my favorite part of the meal, a salted-caramel gelato.
My only negative during our experience was with our main course; as our pizza was presented white, I asked for a small side of red sauce to dip my pizza in. Our waiter returned to tell us that the Chef has refused to give him the sauce, stating that "the pizza is made to be eaten as-is". We were extremely taken aback by this- otherwise, we had a very pleasant experience.BRING BACK THE BURRATA....... I would give it 5.0 if they bring the Burrata app back.  The pizzas are really good and service is great but the burrata appetizer kept me coming back and now that it is off the menu for the spring/ summer, I will probably be finding another place for awhile.  The Burrata and a pizza was the perfect combo for my and my husband and the other apps don't do it for me.  The anti-pasta plate is ok - but nothing to write home about.  Our favorite pizza is the Escarole - it has salumi, ricotta and escarole and is delicious.SO good!  My friends and I came here Saturday night and had a great time.  The staff was fantastic and I'm looking forward to heading there again when I'm back in town.I met a friend at Bufad for lunch today (Saturday), and the place was surprisingly empty, perhaps because the hours are posted incorrectly on some local sites. In any case, we had attentive, but not annoying service, and were delighted with the food and ambience. The pizza oven, which crackles at around 900 degrees, is a marvel to behold; it churns out lovely pizzas with creamy, melted cheese and light but hefty crusts. We shared the day's antipasti (roasted beets, olives, hot peppers, pieces of frittata), a pizza with tasty homemade sausage, (also homemade) biscotti with pignoli, and espressos made with La Colombe coffee. We didn't try the slices, but their display on the counter certainly tempted us and we would have ordered more after our Neapolitan pie if we hadn't already been full. Bravo to Philly for its multiplying and ambitious pizzerias, and for restaurateurs committed to sustainability and buying local products!This place is fantastic.  I'm a real pizza snob, and the majority of offerings in Philadelphia don't cut it for me.  The roman slices here are delicious... love the marinara and spicy vegetable.  Yesterday I had my first Margherita and was really impressed with the fresh ingredients:  quality mozzarella, fresh marinara, and the added sausage that was so much tastier than what I've had at other pizzerias.  I have yet to try the appetizers and deserts (affogato is my target), but am really looking forward to it based on my experience with their great pizza.
By the way, the staff here is great... very friendly and helpful.  Welcome to Philadelphia, Bufad!This place is brilliant... we happened upon it while looking at condos and after several follow up visits, could not be more happy with the discovery. The menu is filled with unique toppings and their crust is amazing, striking a perfect balance between chewy, charred, and sweet. The corn pizza has become an unexpected favorite and is definitely worth considering for anyone visiting Bufad for the first time. 
Also, they have a special arrangement with the neighboring bar that allows you to get a growler for the price of the beer only.Came here around 2 or 3pm on a Friday. There were no other customers.
We already knew what we wanted because we looked at the menu ahead of time, but we still pretended to make a decision after the waitress gave us our menus. 
We had the heirloom tomato pie and the warm olives. IT SMELLED SO GOOD WHEN THEY WERE BAKING IT. Maybe it's because I was hungry but I think that was some of the best smelling pizza ever. The taste? It was very good. The middle is soft and will fall down if you don't hold it the right way,but the crust was outstanding. It didn't have large air pockets like I've experienced with other pies like this. It was thick, doughy, and delicious. 
The warm olives were good. They were kind of just olives with little squares of ricotta and orange peel. The orange peel was a nice touch, but I probably wouldn't get them again. 
The service was good. They didn't make it awkward by talking to us way too much since we were the only customers. They acted as if there were more people and came to our table a normal amount of times. 
I'll be back.I have to update my rave review with another.  We went for the Sunday dinner option which is an incredible deal of a 3 course meal for two - $35.00.  In addition to that we ordered the Pannochia pizza which was awesome- corn puree, shiitake mushrooms, truffle oil... it was slightly soggy in the center but still delicious.  
Our server brought out complimentary Grilled Octopus which we devoured and definitely will be ordering again.  Also the mascarpone panna cotta with melons and pistachios was a delightful dessert and not too heavy!i had a beautiful calamari small plate today and a fantastic salad with cherries in it ,,,very flavorful and well executed ,,,,,,,,,,,i will definately be back ,,,service was friendly and prompt also !Great venue to end the WMOF event in Philadelphia. Staff really hustles and the food is outstanding.
I wish I lived in the area and this would become my go-to place.
Try the pear tart for a great end to a wonderful meal.My boyfriend said this place was highly recommended on Reddit and, you know, the Internet never lies so we rolled with it and made reservations for lunch. Here are some important things I learned about Bufad:
1. The menu is limited to pizza, salads, and some specials for the day. This is not a bad thing!!! It allows for them to be really, REALLY good at what they do. All the pizzas were so fresh and so unique. 
2. The prices can't be beat. It was so reasonably priced. We paid ~$35 for a sausage pizza, a slice of another pizza, and antipasti for two. 
3. The service was AWESOME! Our waitress was attentive and helpful. Because we waited a little longer than expected for our pizza they comped us one of their desserts. It was such a good way to end that meal. Also she had the best make up, so I knew she would be awesome. 
4. If you miss your Open Table reservation you get blacklisted...or something 
It's definitely intimate and seating is limited but if you're in the area, go!Impromptu lunch with a friend.  We sat outside but the inside was quaint and chic, as well.  The menu was short but the service was good.  The pizza was a good size for personal eats or for shared snack.  I have to mention the homemade ice cream in some really great flavors - I tried the salted caramel and the chocolate banana.  I would definitely revisit!One if my favorite pizza restaurant here in Philadelphia! They use wood instead of electric oven! Taste so delicious!! Definitely, will be back here! Keep it up guys!Great pizza and the appetizers were a pleasant surprise as well.  Staff we very friendly.  Definitely a few logistical hitches with service but they've only been open a few days so I'm sure they will work themselves out.  Will definitely return.Delicious gourmet pizza, and 2 for one Sundays make it amazing!  It's a small place, so Sunday is tricky to get in as the deal starts at 5, but the pizza is worth it.  Got the duck confit and the mushroom pizza.  Duck pizza was flavorful with fennel and bits of duck all about and the mushroom had several different types of tasty mushrooms perfectly seasoned atop it.  Due to the heavy toppings, the crust was softer and didn't hold up as well, but the flavors overshadowed this. Would def go back.Trendy artisan pizza with unique ingredients. We ordered the margherita and the sausage pizzas. The crust was fluffy and crispy with a higher topping to crust and sauce ratio. The sausage pizza had a pleasant combination of unique veggies on it. Trendy, bar-like ambiance with music in the background. Good service, food came quickly.The pizza is really good here, though overpriced for the size.  Waitstaff act like they're are doing you a favor to bring your foodShowed up on Saturday night with a party of 7 and several bags of alcohol at 8pm. Bufad doesn't take reservations, and they told us it would be an hour wait. Not a problem! We shuffled over to Prohibition Taproom for a drink. Came back an hour later and waited some more...darling hostess Nicole brought us wine glasses and beers from the back room where they were holding our booze, and we drank away the next HOUR on the corner of 13th and Spring Garden. Whiffs of sewage were constant. Such a shame. Glad we didn't get seated outside (but if you have a party larger than 6, you most likely will be).
We sat down inside and ordered 6 pizzas and 2 orders of mussels. Sadly they were out of mussels, and offered us two small plates on the house. We chose the burrata and caprese salad. The burrata is a must. Doesn't this just make your mouth water? "Creamy mozzarella served with summer squash, garlic, mint, and anchovies. Finished with Clara's pangrattato and chili oil." Gawd.
Margherita- standard, classic. 
Peperonata- the pepperoni had an especially gamey/meaty taste. I was not a fan. 
Rapini- not a sausage eater, but others raved about the crumbled spicy bits. 
Zucchini- best pizza of the evening. A+
Melanzane- not as flavorful as you might expect, sadly. 
Pannocchia- super unique with corn, shiitakes, scallions and truffles. 
Desserts were shared- a Saffron rice pudding that half the table loved and the other half despised ("Tastes like a hospital!") and a layered nectarine/berry gelato which was pretty good. They stuck a really fun and fancy rainbow candle in the gelato for me, and my friends sang. We were pretty inebriated at this point, and I put the candle in my purse because I thought it was so pretty. The next morning I realized I probably shouldn't have done that (there were several burning hours left on this fancy candle. My apologies, Nicole).
Overall I enjoyed my experience at Bufad very much, and will definitely return for BOGO (!!) Sundays.Saw this place driving around and decided to stop by. Really good pizza. The dough was light yet crunchy. Will definitely be back.Yum - delicious food and great service!
I'm not much of a "pizza person" per say, so I generally prefer to avoid writing reviews for pizza places, but I had a wonderful memorable experience at Bufad! I came for a friend's birthday dinner, and due to late reservations and a large party (twenty some of us), we were told that they were only available to seat us outdoors at 9pm. Since it was dark, they set up giant outdoor heating lamps for us and it actually created a really fun open-air atmosphere! 
Pizzas are excellent sharing food for large parties, since you can try several different types, and my favorite of the night was the rabbit ragu! The servers were super attentive and friendly, especially given the fact that they had to keep going inside and out. They also split the check into smaller groupings to make it easier for calculating. And finally, thanks to the fact that it's a BYO, we enjoyed some great wine pairings with our food in a happily cost effective manner!Not only is Bufad's pizza a welcome addition to a neighborhood severely lacking in anything above mediocre pizza, but the staff and service are exceptional. Whatever dickhead gave them one star on grubhub is a total prick.Granted this pizza was eaten after a long day of moving, but after a long day of moving, there really isn't anything else I want but pizza. Come to think of it, pizza is good after a long day of anything... or a short day for that matter! Anyways, we picked out a couple pies online (I was ecstatic that there is a pizza with a fried egg on it!!), called them in, and did take-out. I have only driven by the place before, but they get extra props in my book for style. The tattooed strong man logo on the door and pizza boxes was seriously adorable and the light fixtures inside were awesome. Then, the 'za was delicious too! The best pie was the zucchini - yum! I can't wait to come back and dine in for their Sunday BOGO deal since we live in the neighborhood now!We stopped at bufad today after running some errands in town. Been by a thousand times and today was the day we stopped. We arrived around 12:30 and it was dead!
We ordered the burrata to start. We're a big fan of Brussel sprouts. This was a fantastic dish! The fresh mozzarella in the dish was some of the best we've ever had! We couldn't decide what pizza to go with so we ordered two. First was the margarita, fresh tomatoes and mozzarella. Wow! The pizza was amazing! We also went with the wild mushroom pizza. While this pizza wasn't as good, it was more complex. The mushrooms were a big overcooked and rubbery. The truffle oil is a very strong oil. Overall it was a good pie but, not one I would order again. Normally we wouldn't do dessert with lunch but we couldn't resist. We went with the banana bread pudding with homemade ice cream and cherries. When it first came out we didn't think it would be good. It looked dry and boring. Boy we're we wrong, it was some of the best I've ever had. The cherries were the perfect compliment to the dish.
We had a great first time there. I would go back just for the margarita pizza. Solid 4 starsEvery time I've eaten here, it's blown my socks off.  They are possibly magicians, if not even wizards.  They even make foods I normally hate (like beets) so delicious, I was wishing for more.  I wish the manager last night, James, was my friend in real life because he is super cool and gave us free pasta for a minor inconvenience that was really my fault anyway.  I love this place.Excellent pizza in an adorable hipster atmosphere! Boyfriend and I ordered one sausage pizza and one proscuitto/honey/arugula pizza. It came quickly but you could tell it was fresh out of the oven. Edges were perfectly crisp. The quality of the crust and the flavor was unbelievable! The sausage was deliciously savory whereas the proscuitto pizza had a sweet taste that complemented the rest of the toppings perfectly. I would definitely come back. Plus it's byob, which I wish we knew about before we chose this place on a whim'!Wasn't the greatest fan. Very small. Limited menu. Limited vegetarian options. Ordered a margherita pizza and it was burnt at the bottom and had a watery sauce. Wouldn't recommend to vegansI've only had the pizza a taglio but it's so good that it merits 5 stars. No where else in Philly can I get pizza a taglio done right. It tastes as close as it can to pizza a taglio picked up in the streets of Rome.Great specialty pizza, perfect for a group to share a few different pizzas. One pizza can feed one really hungry person or two less hungry individuals. Reasonable price and you can pick up a six pack at Prohibition Taproom (BYO). My family loves eating there when they visit the city. I would personally recommend the Sausage pizzaBack for second time in two weeks and that rarely happens because of the endless dining options here in Philly. Pizza and salads so delicious my husband and I needed a repeat and were not in the least disappointed.  Great food and service in a relaxed atmosphere.The pizza here is delicious. I ordered the marinara and my friend ordered the Margherita. Both were so good. Better come hungry because you'll end up eating the whole pie. I'll be back for sure!This place is great. It's a little expensive but the ingredients are truly great...i forget what I had but I remember loving it. I know I had burrata one time and it is a MUST have. You will have a lot of hard choices to make as the whole menu always sounds great, and you will leave too full because you didn't want to not finish your whole pizza. It might be a BYO?One of the best (wood-fired) pizza offerings around town. Authentic in their craft, remarkably close to the style/flavor of spots in Naples, Italy. Creative toppings, generous portion size and BYOB! Definitely worth a visit!Excellent and a BYO. What's not to love? (Pssst... Just head to Prohibition Tap Room for a growler!)There's a lot of hype about this place but the food and service do not live up to it.  Both our service and pizza were pretty poor.  We ordered two pizzas.  One was very undercooked.  When it came out, I assumed that it was supposed to be that way but then the people next to us got the same thing which looked entirely different (i.e. cooked).  The other pizza we ordered was cooked but not very tasty.  Both were soggy and neither of us finished our pizzas.  The service is just okay.  It's a tiny place.  Kudos for making a go in that neighborhood.  But for this style of pizza Nomad or Stella are literally 10x better.  I won't be going back.Great place and service, byob. The pizza selection will satiate any cravings. Both pies and square pizzas (thicker crusted) are yummy. Especially enjoyed the special pie of the day with plum and bechamel. The crab pizza is yummy too. Dessert isn't their forte in my opinion, better luck elsewhere.A good relaxing ambiance to have a Sunday night dinner. They have a deal on Sunday - 3 course meal for two at $35. Sounds good but the only problem with it is that they have a fixed menu and cannot replace the pizza that we would like to have. Since we were visiting the place for first time we wanted to try some other pizzas hence we opted out from it. They have a small menu with limited options. We ordered Melanzane pizza - Spicy eggplant with egg and cheese. I am not a big eggplant fan but after eating this pizza I can say it has been one of my favorite now. They do serve chilly flakes and something that is like crumpled bread to add on it. Definitely added to the taste. Second pizza we ordered was Pannochia pizza - Mushrooms, corn puree and lots and lots of cheese. This was a little oily and way too cheesy so if you are calorie conscious think twice before ordering it. Of course the taste was really good and different for this one too and it was not on a spicy end. It was a perfect blend as one was spicy pizza and the other was plain cheesy pizza. Enjoyed the dinner out there and the staff was friendly too. Will definitely visit this place again. Oh and between 5-7 they do have buy one take one offer but for takeaways only.This place has amazing potential.  I love its location and everyone working there is super friendly and offers up great consistent service.
The specials are usually creative and tasty.  I think they always have a special sandwich which has knocked it out of the park for me the two times I've gone with their creation of the day.
The pizza is thin and light; utilizing fresh ingredients and tasty combinations.  I wish they would get a little more consistent with the "done-ness" of the pies.  The first time I had the pizza it could have been left in the oven about 2 minutes longer and it would have become pizza perfection.  The second time they hit the nail on the head and the crust was perfectly done: not too mushy and not to burnt...it was that desirable middle ground that's the best for the crust and the flavors of all the toppings.  The third time I went, the crust was back to being a little more on the mushy side.  I have faith that they will perfect their crust technique!
Super props to their main chef who makes her own gelato on-site in a teeny tiny gelato maker.  My boyfriend and I tried the salted caramel and it was DIVINE.
I would recommend this up and coming pizza place to anyone and everyone!I love Bufad. For one thing it's the closest pizza joint in the neighborhood. Second they change up the menu regularly and they also do slices of experimental pizzas that are usually very delicious. The service is generally very good, quick and attentive. I really like their take on gourmet pizza and I have to say probably because of the brick oven it usually doesn't take more than 10 minutes for it to arrive at your table. They also do a nice brunch on the weekend, where I had one of the best things I've ever had for breakfast. I don't remember the name but it was a dough wrapped mushroom, cheese, and egg thing that was baked and was right in my taste wheelhouse. I can honestly say I don't think I've ever had a bad meal there.The general manager helped us out tonight and went above and beyond all expectations. I went from liking their food to like-liking their food. Great job bufad for having fantastic food and equally fantastic service. Quite possibly my favorite pizza shop (and definitely one of my top restaurants) in Philly.Don't try to get on a plane with this pizza because it is bomb.com. Square pies with funky, delicious toppings like potato and zucchini on a pedestal of fluffy, focaccia-like bread, served with sides of chili oil and anchovy polvo. And the total comes to... what? $5 for 2 slices of heaven? GTFO! 
One thing I have to say though is that the dining experience at Bufad is confusing. When you walk in the first thing you see is a panoply of mouth-watering sliced offerings. Just as you're about to get a slice of the potato and Tuscan kale, the girl behind the counter is like... "Dine in or take-out?" Hmm. Dine in. I want them slices here for here. So then you're seated at a table and given a carafe of water and a menu of other delicious things. OK, the sit-down vibes are getting real. This isn't just a trendy hole-in-the-wall. Now she's telling you about specials and you're like... WAIT. I just wanted to get a couple slices and eat at that reclaimed metal counter in the window! So there are more pizzas on the menu but... You can only get those as whole pies. You *can* get slices for table service, but the first time I tried to do this the reaction was awkward. I was basically seated up against a wall (even though there were plenty of tables open) and ignored for a while. Not my fav Bufad moment. 
So yeah, in spite of a slight identity crisis and puzzling service, the cheap, delicious slices here keep me coming back. Bu-yah!cozy space. BYOB. pizza is perfection:  fresh ingredients, light and fluffy crust, incredible flavors. the broccoli rabe topping was so tasty it could have been eaten alone. the chili oil and anchovy garlic blend served as extra toppings are what I have been missing on my pizza all my life. the staff is super friendly and accommodating - service is attentive without being overbearing. can't say enough about this place!I really wanted to love Bufad, but was a bit disappointed. Don't get me wrong, the food was great. Four of us split the fried green tomatoes, meatball, and three of the pizzas. Everything was delicious. My complaints were with the service and the heat. We went this past Saturday which was around a 95 degree day. There was little to no air conditioning on in the restaurant and it was actually cooler outside. There was one fan blowing but it did nothing to quelch the heat and humidity inside the restaurant. In addition to the heat, we sat for about 10 minutes before a server came to great our table. We then had to flag down our server almost any time we needed anything, including ordering our food. Having been a server, I understand being busy, but most of the tables were empty at the time. Even though the food was great, I don't think I will be going back.Let's start with the positives.  
1. In the end our slices were not as expensive as we were worried they might be.
2. ... it seemed like the pizza COULD be good.
That's all.
Now let me just say that we went here because my boyfriend recently moved and had heard about this new pizza place down the street.  However, this isn't at all the sort of thing you imagine when you're thinking of a "pizza place".
We were pretty much rushed to a table and there was no real way of knowing if we were allowed to walk up to the counter and just grab slices.  Eventually we told them that's all we wanted, but they still asked where we wanted to sit and brought things like it was a sit down meal.  We just wanted to grab stuff and eat without really being bothered like you can at most "pizza places".
But, don't get me wrong, even if I'd known what to expect the food still wasn't anything to be excited about.  They had interesting ideas for the pizza, but none of it was very tasty.
The pizza was greasy and dripped all over the place.  Even though it didn't break the bank it was still more expensive than just getting regular slices anywhere else and it wasn't any better.  It was actually worse than a lot of the pizza places I know.
I was glad to try it because it really seemed like it could be a cool place.  Maybe something else they do there is good, but their Roman pizza (which is the only thing it seems like you can get as slices) was way too mediocre for a place that takes itself so seriously.
If I do try it again I'll probably try their other style of pizza, but I've already heard bad things about it and if you can't buy slices then it could get very expensive.
You should judge it for yourself, but don't waste your time if you're looking for a comfortable local pizza place that just makes great traditional pies... this isn't that place.Nice place. Seems to be a former corner bar. 12" pies from a wood fired oven at the time was running at 840 degrees. Pizza was good was a bit doughey for my liking not much char on the crust. I thought it could have stayed in for 30 more seconds. Flavor was good sauce and cheese had a good flavor. 12 inch margarita with 1/2 pepperoni was $16 about avg price i suppose.Such good food!!
Went with my boss and we got a Kale Salad. It was AMAZING. I've never had anything like it- pears apples walnuts kale and a delicious dressing- so good, a must try!
Service was amazing the staff was so kind and great. 
Served us soda with a glass bottle and cup of ice, which I love:)
And we also got a sausage pizza to split. Broccoli rabe, fresh motz, ugh so good seriously.
Everything here was amazing I will be going here for lunch often!!Between Kensington Quarters, Prohibition Taproom, and Bufad, I have yet to be disappointed by this restaurant group.  Bufad definitely goes above and beyond in creativity in the Philly brick-oven style pizza scene. We enjoyed a pork pie that tempered brussel sprouts with surprisingly sweet and lovely pear mostarda.  Maybe not as good as Nomad (my favorite in the city!), but the competition is neck and neck.We ordered two pizzas ranging at $14-16 each, that are medium/personal sized pizzas (not 12" as its menu states) and we ordered the brussel sprouts. The brussel sprouts were over cooked and there was hardly any pancetta, but way too much mozzarella (that would not be a complaint if it were fresh!!), however, the highlight of that dish was the pangrattato. The pizzas we ordered was the funghi pizza - it did not have pancetta and there was no hint of truffle oil and the cheese was not smoked. The Special pizza (white beans, diced pork, and shaved pecorino) was not good at all. The pizza also had a lemon flavor, which was really odd, and did not tie the pizza together. BOTH PIZZAS WERE BURNT! Wood fire pizza does not mean leave the pizza in until the pizza is blackened especially when the pizza is not thick to handle the "char". Also, while I'm at it, the pizza was not even cut/sliced properly... it's not a fast food chain where the service and kitchen skills should be lacking.I think I've found my favorite place for pizza in the city.  I've been to Stella, Nomad, Zavino, and Barbuzzo and  I have to say for the money you can't do better than this new corner byob.  We had some of the most creative and fresh dishes at this little gem.  The margherita pizza, fennel salad and especially the salted caramel gelato were out of this world.Had a great quick lunch with the team right before our meeting. Highly recommend the pizza du jour.Exceptional pizza and wonderful service! Prices are also very reasonable especially for locally sourced, humane ingredients. We got the antipasto platter with an assortment of cheeses and small tastes, and the sausage pizza. Both were delicious! We also tried the apple desert which was very flavorful but not too heavy. Will definitely be coming back!Love this place. Delicious rustic pizza with incredible topping combinations. BYOB...what else could you ask for? Definitely a neighborhood gem.I think I said "hmmm, that place looks cool we should try it sometime!" a thousand times before I actually stopped in randomly on Thursday night. 
This place is awesome. It's not at all very big-- lots of two-seater seats and stool seating by the window with limited outdoor seating that has heat lamps. BUT the pizza and service here is just sexy. The owner has the too-cool-for-school vibe and is easy on the eyes. Our waiter Shawn/Sean was just so friendly without being overbearing and well versed on the menu. We had the antipasti that was a plate of wild boar sausage, roasted olives, pickled fennel and celery, ricotta e bianca, peperonata, salty egg (hard boiled with anchovies on top), and the winner: pickled and fried butternut squash. Our pizza was roasted corn purée, shiitake mushrooms, pancetta, scallions, crescenza cheese. It was inventive and well balanced.
Ok so yeah, the food is good but what kicks it up to five stars:
1. They have a buy one pizza, get one pizza (!!! #holydeal) Sunday-Thursday 5pm-7pm take out only. The waiter told me that they have people call in and order ten pizzas at time. Love it!
2. It's a BYOB.
(((((BOOM))))))
I just dropped a bomb on you. Fancy schmancy pizza + BYOB + nights where you can order a crap ton??? Add contact info to phone immediately.A.Maz.Ing.  This place is a MUST go-to in Philadelphia.  The food is unbelievable and unique.  I feel a lot of Philadelphians are foodies and this place will still surprise you.  The BOGO on Sundays is the greatest thing.  Bring beer, bring friends and stuff yourself.  And if you can't finish they let you take it home.  Fabu!  Please go to Bufad you will not regret it!I am writing this review as I'm enjoying some leftovers from the absolutely show-stopping tasting menu dinner I had at Bufad on my birthday a few nights ago. As I put another bite of the bolognese in my mouth, I think what I often do whenever I eat their food: 
"How do they do it?"
By "it", I mean consistently knock my socks off. Bufad is literally a block away from me so I go there quite often. It's my go-to for delicious food. But it goes beyond proximity. This place is perfect to me because they always keep me guessing with their offerings, switching up the menu according to what's in season. They always manage to surprise me with their ingredients, coming up with inventive combinations. They serve solid classic pizzas for fussy traditionalists but they've also got plenty for the more adventurous foodies. I can bring a crowd in there and I can be sure everyone will be happy and impressed. The desserts are unbelievable.  And the service is always impeccable. I have never once been disappointed with any server there, and I've been there a whole lot!
Oh, and they're BYOB, so going out to dinner here means meals are always affordable. I've been to Vetri's pizzeria and spent much more on pizza that frankly was just not as delicious as Bufad's. It is truly one of Philly's best kept secrets.SOOOOO good, on a Sunday or otherwise. Really incredible and pure pizza combinations and other snacks, with incredible ambiance and seating inside a very small place right on Spring Garden. I never eat pizza, but what we had on a Sunday morning was so good, I went for seconds...and then topped with Espresso Chocolate something or other as a dessert. GREAT spot to check out, any day of the week.I enjoyed Bufad quite a bit. We bought our own wine to this party :D. It's BYO. We celebrated our friend's birthday here and stayed pretty late. They have two heaters for outdoors dining. 
DAT Mushroom Pizza DOE. It is the best pizza of that night. Out of all the pizza's I tried. I'm also biased because I luv Mushrooms. haha
Their servers were extremely nice. I would come back again.Creamed corn pizza with mushrooms and white truffle oil was uniquely delicious. If you like naan, you'll like the crust, since it's a bit chewy.  Great service.My fiance and I wandered into Bufad before our concert at 7:30. We thought, hey, how could you go wrong with pizza? We were indeed correct. We were greeted by the manager who was very friendly and welcoming and were seated outside by our request. The server was friendly as well and explained the menu/specials with ease. We ordered the caprese salad for an appetizer which was absolutely delicious. We both normally are not very fond of tomatoes but with the herbs, olive oil and fresh mozzarella, it was a blend of flavors that we ended up enjoying. For dinner, we ordered the Margherita pizza which was also amazing and we were comfortably full. However, I opted for dessert which was delicious as well. I ordered the polenta cake with blueberry compote and their homemade rosemary honey gelato on top. Also something I normally wouldn't have thought would be good but I decided to be adventurous and I'm glad I did. Overall our dining experience was awesome and we would definitely come back. My fiance made it a point to go over to the manager and complement him on the exceptional service we received from our excellent server.Killin' the wood fired pizza game, little pricey for pizza but thats how that goes. Get that mushroom pizza thoughFirst things first - I've been called a hipster on occasion, but I'm certainly not hipster enough to not geek out over the cool decor and the finely mustachioed man that is their mascot/logo.
Our server was great (and sporting a very impressive beard of his own). The place is BYOB, but as we were unfortunately without any of our OB, he recommended that we get a growler from Prohibition Taproom next door - Bufad can give you a ticket so you don't have to pay the deposit for the bottle, which is very convenient.
The menu is short, but they execute it well. The burrata is smooth and light, with enough of a kick to make it especially interesting. We also ordered the sausage, asparagus, and mushroom pizzas, which were delivered and devoured in impressive time. We were going to order a fourth, but our waiter told us that might be overambitious, which proved to be correct - his beard is full of wisdom.
Great food, great service, and a fun, laid-back atmosphere. I would definitely come here again.I live a block and a half from Bufad and when I first read about it I was really hoping for a traditional neighborhood pizza shop. Then when I learned it was owned by the Cafe Lift / Prohibition crew I figured a traditional pizza parlor was not very likely but I was thinking maybe they would have pies similar to Pizza Brain. High quality ingredients, decently sized with the option to just get a nice big plain cheese if the occasion called for it. To my dismay that's not this. 
Bufad uses extremely high quality ingredients which I definitely appreciate. We've either eaten in or gotten take out from here 5 times and consistently boo and I have commented on the freshness and quality of the toppings and various cheeses Bufad uses. Of course there's a price that comes quality and Bufad's pies range from $11 - $15 and they're not quite large enough for a meal without a salad or soup on the side. That's for one person, boo and I typically need 2 pizzas and a large salad and we'd consider this a light dinner. I don't know if that speaks more to our appetites than to portion sizes but it is what it is. 
I classify Bufad as a gourmet pizza restaurant. The things I dislike about Bufad are the same things I dislike about other similar places like Barbuzzo, Vetri Pizza, and Stella. The pizza is a bit floppy and not quite big enough but I will say the staff here is top notch, BYOB is a plus, and the interior is really cool. I decided to go with 3 stars because the flavors are very good and just because I have a bias against these types of places anyone I've ever taken here has really enjoyed it.Highlights- 
1. Curb side al fresco seating with heat lamps
2. BYOB
Experience- Came here with an old friend on a week day night, somewhat close to closing.  Yet was accommodated and administrated excellent service and was not rushed. 
We sat outside,  so can't really speak on how it feels to be inside or the vibe of walking in. However,  the outside seating was standard straight line "ikea" like tables.  Heating lamps were in place, so it made for a nice Al fresco dinner on a chilly night.  
Had the antipasti,  which was varied in flavors and non conventional, not your typical antipasti at a pizza palor. One of the items was beef patê , along with cheese, and a few other items.  
The pizza selection were not typical. One of which offered lamb sausage,  which was unexpected, yet nice to have available.  However,  I feel a little disappointed in the delivery of flavors.  I wished my lamb didn't overpower the actual pizza sauce.  Which I think could have been achieved if the sauce wasn't so flat in flavors.  We came,  we ate, we drank and even had dessert!  A rhubarb based tart,  which was tasty and light,  fitting after a high carb meal.This place is better than expected. Walked in here expecting your typical brick oven pizza like a million different places in the city. I am delighted to stay that I was pleasantly surprised. This place is a real gem!
We had the olives which were very good. The meatballs which were excellent and the tomato mozzarella salad was ridiculously good! Then for pizza we had a couple different kinds which we picked out and they were way better than expected! 
I don't really have anything negative to say on this spot other than parking can suck in this area which is honestly not their problem. 
Highly recommend. 5 stars!!!Listen, you should go here.  I'm so happy that Prohibition was too crowded to eat there! Bufad has fantastically delicious, reasonably priced pizzas. Whether you decide on the classic Margherita or a seemingly strange,but actually very tasty specialty pizza(Cacio e Pepe), you won't go wrong. Also, the waiters were so helpful and nice!
It's a damn near perfect vibe for most everything: a hot date, dinner with your mom, dinner with your 6 best friends. Whatever. Just remember to grab a 6 pack or a bottle of wine before you go! It's BYOB, but the closest place to buy beer is Prohibition Taproom, which is way overpriced for carry out bottles.Excellent pizza and salads. Always good specials. Friendly and quick service   Have loved every time I've been there. My granddaughters love the food tooWe had a wonderful time here on a Tuesday night!  It was perfect for a casual night out, since it is BYOB.  We had the buratta with the brussels sprouts and two pizzas - the traditional Margherita and the Salsiccia, with sausage.  Both were fantastic!  
The hostess/waitress could not have been more accommodating, she even brought us a dish of pureed butternut squash (from another type of pizza) for our 8 month old to eat.  We're so happy to find a great pizza place close to where we live!Nice crust and decent pizza. Took forever to get food and service was slow.  For some reason they won't let you put meatballs on the pizza, but they are on the menu. 
Our pizza was cold by the time we got it, I was literally looking at it for five minutes under a heating lamp. Had to ask for server several times. 
There are only like ten tables. 
Oh well, better luck next time I guess.
Salad lacked dressing and overall flavor. I will say that everything was fresh.Love the distinct foods available at Bufad. Tried the Burrata, Brussels Sprout Pizza, and Cannoli Napoleon. All very fresh unique and reasonably priced. My friend and I shared all three dishes and left paying $40 with tip. Casual low-key atmosphereI love Bufad. Chef Lauren: keep taking risks with those changing menus. One of the most amazing deserts I ever ate was here and it was a pear/ricotta tart with shaved parmesan cheese on top. I have dreams about that desert.In short, bufad is bangin. It's also bougie af but overall it's worth it. 
After living in Napoli I had pretty much given up hope that any pizzeria in Philly would come close to real pizza but I have to say, it's worth the $12. I decided to try it after I read that the owner was Calabrese (puru io sugnu calabbrisi!) and I'm glad I did. As much as I love our food in South Philly, our pizza is too americanized. I'm glad I found a place that makes it the authentic way and it's not run by some snot nosed Anglos who travel around the mezzogiorno and think they know our food better than we do. I've been in twice and had the mortadell pizza, the sicilian olive & artichoke, the margherita, and the pesto and finocchio pizza. The bill was painful (lbr, it's overpriced) but given the neighborhood (the next victim of gentrification and neoliberal "urban renewal") and the quality of the dough, whatever, I'll deal with it.
I only wish there was more space in there, and really wish fritti misti were offered as antipasti (tho I wanna try that burrata whenever I'm lest broke!) To the Pasquarellos: if yall ever want to open up a friggitoria and further exploit yuppie foodies w/ frittate di maccheroni and polpett e' mulignan hmu. 
(also lol at the guy who says it's not ~adventurous~ enough. lmao yr a trip, bye boy)This restaurant is BYO if you choose to dine in. On caviar they also have a deal for 2 pizzas for $13. They're pizzas are all great - and the quality is the same whether you dine in or order out.After reading the review about not getting on a plane with this pizza because it's "the bomb.com" I had to check it out. Well, I must concur. Bite after bite of this delicious pizza left my taste buds getting punched in their faces with unique flavors. To add to the delightful flavor bombs exploding in my mouth, the staff was incredibly warm and attentive. I'll definitely be going back.Nice place, decent area, knowledgeable server, BYOB, but the pizza is terrible. The dough is more like a pita then any pizza I like (NYC style). Also, this place has fallen into the trend of fancy pizza toppings that usually sound good on paper but then don't work well combined on a pizza. The Summer Corn pie has corn puree, wild mushrooms, scallions, pancetta, white truffle oil & pecorino Crotones; all things that sound great but when combined on what is essentialy pita bread you end up with more of a soup then pizza.
The anti pasta was pretty good and all non pizza items looked good. Prices are good so if they rethink their menu thing place could be worth it.Since I live in the neighborhood I was very excited to see this establishment spring up. It's a cute place on the corner   - love how it's decorated and love the wallpaper! I ordered one of the specials for the day, which included walnuts, gorgonzola, pancetta, and red onions. I also had their mushroom pizza. The gorgonzola was really good and I'd definitely recommend it if you give this place a try.
Despite the delicious gorgonzola, I actually thought that the pizzas were oversalted. It looked like they just sprinkled sea salt on top of the bread. So the bread was salty, though at the same time didn't quite TASTE like anything. I also found the crust to be too chewy (though I recognize that this is just personal preference). And lastly, I wish there was more, you know, stuff, on the pizza. Yeah the mushrooms were great, and the gorgonzola with walnuts were great, but more please! Ugh, no wonder so many people are overweight these days. People like me. More, more, more. That's all we ask for. But seriously, I wanted more.
Still, I'm glad this joint opened up in my neighborhood.Bufad is a terrific addition to the neighborhood and I feel blessed to have such an amazing wood-fired pizza place so close to my home.  That being said, they do have some room for improvement.
Bufad has a great rotating seasonal menu with two main sections.  One is for their year-round pizzas (classics like Margherita and Marinara) and the other is for their seasonal pizzas, which change quiet often leading to a new experience almost every time you go.  They also have small plates, salads, and desserts that are worthy of sharing the menu with the great pizzas.  I really love the tomato sauce at Bufad; they do a great job.  My favorite pizzas are usually the fun seasonal ones, but if you are a vegetarian, like me, one warning would be to be aware that almost all of them come with some kind of meat topping.  Even the "mushroom" pizza comes with prosciutto.  Actually, this led to my first and only negative experience at Bufad...  
One night we called up and the man over the phone read off the menu to my wife.  She told him we were vegetarians, so he even suggested some pies.  We picked one of the seasonals and then my wife decided she also wanted a plain pie with mushrooms on it.  He took our order and we walked down to pick it up.  When we got back to the house with both pies we discovered our "mushroom" pie was really a white pizza with prosciutto and arugula (and a very small amount of mushrooms).  It's really our fault for not looking ourselves before we left, but we trusted the girl at the counter when she looked and said "yup, mushroom."  When we got back to Bufad with the pizza I was calm, but the girl threw me a curve by starting off a little rude and saying, "returning pizzas now?  well, what did you WANT on your MUSHROOM pizza?"  I told her we were sorry but we didn't have a menu so we couldn't know there was a "mushroom" pie that had meat on it.  And then I told her that we DID tell the man over the phone that we were vegetarians when we ordered, so there was no reason they should think we would want these toppings.  I could tell the girl at the counter was irritated, but the female chef came right up and handed us a brand new pie, and even gave us some red sauce on the side for free to make it up to us.  I've interacted with the chef before and she's always been pleasant.  I think she could tell things were escalating for no reason.
Other than that experience we've loved the service at Bufad.  It can be a bit slow when you eat in, but it's friendly.  They substitute things on the menu for you, which is very nice and keeps us coming back.  The flavors are great and the BYO atmosphere is relaxed and enjoyable.
I do wish they delivered, though.The pizza is tasty albeit a bit trendy. I had the mushroom-and-fontina pizza and a plain slice, and both were good. However, this place is definitely NOT child-friendly. We wandered in on a Sunday and were told we couldn't sit at a table because we didn't have a reservation, even though there were 5 tables open and they stayed empty the whole time we were there. I was asked if I wanted my pizza to go FOUR times, even though my daughter sat on a stool and colored while we waited, and the baby slept the whole time. I'm not even mad and we joked about it on the way home, but they obviously didn't want us there. It made the whole thing weird. I'd go there on a date before a Union Transfer show, but not with kids.On a whim and a hunt for a good pizza, my husband and I ended up at Bufad for the first time on a Friday night. We've had sampling the pizza before at a few events but this was our first full dining experience. 
The customer service must be noted first. As I mentioned, we were dining on a whim so didn't have a reservation. We walked in a little after 7:30 and put our name on the list. I have the hostess my number for her to text me when the table was ready. The estimated wait time was about an hour but I think it was shorter. I lost track of time because we were able to head next door to Prohibition Tap Room for a drink.
So we were initially seated outside but it was chilly and honestly a little stinky on the Spring Garden side of the restaurant. Not to the restaurant's fault but just due to the nature of the city streets. We asked to move inside and they happily accommodated with the next available table which was ready within minutes. Additionally we had the pleasure of having a polite and attentive gentleman as our server. 
We originally were planning to split one pie but based on hearing our server describe the size to a neighboring table we opted for two. Our selections of the evening included the sausage pie and the daily special, which was a white pie with a parsley pesto, summer squash and ricotta cheese. Both pies had a full crust that was light and fluffy but still managed to have a slight crisp. I didn't love the sausage pie, I think the sauce was a little too sweet and the cheese was a little sparse. That's just a personal preference thing because my husband really enjoyed it. The pesto pie on the other hand was out of this world! It was probably the best pesto pies I've ever had. The combo of pesto to squash to ricotta all fell into place perfectly as the flavors blended magically. 
The pies were a little pricy for their size but not bad in terms of gourmet pizza. Definitely worth it for a special treat. I'm hoping my pie makes a more permanent appearance on the menu as well. Next time we'll come prepared with a BYOB selection.I'd heard the lines were always long but surprisingly there wasn't much of a Sunday lunchtime crowd during my visit. Five of us got 4 pizzas to share and it was actually too much. Yes it's a little pricier, but you're paying for artisan pizza = better ingredients. If you want Pizza Hut or Papa John's pricing (nothing against them, I like them too), then you won't get the fancy ingredients like truffle oil, spicy fennel sausage, egg, etc...or the amazing house seasoning!Over a year into this business and they are just getting better every time we visit.  New offerings and food combinations that change with the season are more reasons to visit and eat there often.Been here a few times and it is now my go-to meal before a show at Union Transfer.  They changed up their menu a bit so that you can pick and choose tapas style antipasta, which I think is fantastic.  
-We recently had the grana padana cheese, salsa verde (which is an italian herbacious incredible condiment we kept around to dip our pizza crusts in).
 - The gnocchi special was fantastic, served bubbling in a small crock with red sauce and mozzarella cheese it was so classic and comforting.  I'm still hoping that when I go back its available.
- Their pizzas are always delicious!
- Also, the service is always great.  The servers are delightful- very friendly and helpful.  The food comes out quickly and appropriately timed.I have been looking for a cozy place with solid Neapolitan pies for a long time and I don't know why I haven't been to Bufad sooner!  They take reservations now but we took our chances with walking in on a Saturday night around 8:30 and got the last walk-in table.  We skipped all the apps and small plates and went straight for the pizzas- splitting 3 between 3 of us.  
They were all relatively small personal pizzas, but just the right size to eat the whole thing in one meal.  We had a margherita, funghi, and duck confit pizza.  The margherita was super classic with a light smearing of very fresh tasting tomato sauce.  The cheese was delicious also and the crust was very thin but the pizza did not get soupy at all in the center.
The duck pizza didn't have tomato sauce and cheese on it- instead it had raisin puree and a few kinds of nuts and seeds.  It was really delicious and the duck and raisin combination was very decadent.  Very unexpected and a great contrast to the other pizzas.
The best pizza we had by far was the funghi.  The flavor of the smoked mozzarella really came through and the mushrooms were very well cooked and generously spread on the pizza.  The menu said it came with pancetta on it but it looked like bacon to me- either way it was good.  
The crust was outstanding- chewy and soft in the middle with good blistering.  I recommended to the server that they serve some dipping oil for the crusts- something like chili or garlic olive oil and she said they had done that in the past and would think about doing it again.  I really love having oil to dip pizza crust in and I hope they have that next time we go!
For dessert we shared a piece of ricotta pine nut tart which was semi-successful.  They said it was the last piece and maybe it had just been around for a while or maybe it was a bit overcooked- but the crust edges were pretty dry and crumbly.  The middle was super delicious though, creamy pine nut filling with whole pine nuts and some savory flavor like rosemary or thyme.  It came with an apple and raisin compote which was really good but didn't really makes sense as a pairing to me.  
Also I wish they had prices listed on the specials board- we had no idea how much the desserts costs.  I won't dock them points on the dessert though because I really loved the pizzas and I can't wait to go back for more!Delicious pizza. BYOB! Perfect in the spring or summer to grab a quick delicious dinner. LOVE IT!I work in the neighborhood and have gone here several times to get pizza slices. SO YUMMY. The Patate has potato, rosemary, and cheese. There's another one that's slightly spicy. And the crust is just thick enough, and so buttery. Pretty reasonable for going out to lunch, too -- 2 slices with tax was $5.60.Our group of 6 came here for dinner on a weeknight. Menu was a bit limited for everyone to find something special. We also had to probe the server a bit too much for descriptions / specials / water / plates.
Meatballs were delicious but the sauce was pretty acidic. Pizza wasn't anything to write home about. 
They also didn't have any desserts on the menu when we were there (April 2018).This pizza is DIVINE. Think of the tastiest potato au gratin you've ever had (perfect thickness of potato slices, fresh rosemary sprigs, fancy pecorino romano cheese)- on insanely delectable and perfectly crispy/doughy pizza crust. Eating this is better than going out on a Friday night.  And it's two bucks for a slice.  Ridiculous. Amazing. I love Bufad.Came here for lunch on a Sunday afternoon. Ordered the meatballs, clam pizza (a first time for me) and margherita pizza. Between the two the margherita was the better, imo. Crust was perfect, sauce was delish. Service was great as well.Love this place.  It's a great BYOB with gourmet pizza.  The menu changes seasonally to keep things fresh and the staff has always been friendly.  A bottle of wine and a pizza or two here with friends can't be beat.Terrible food, location, service, ambiance. Do yourself a favor, go and try it, and you'll never againAbsolutely fantastic oven grilled pizza.  The menu has awesome fresh ingredient creations of soup, salad, pizza.  It is not your usual pizza.  Sauce is fresh and homemade.  The toppings are where the creativity starts.  Lots of combinations that pop your taste buds!  The menu changes so check ahead on line if you want to know the specials of the day.  And!  The desserts!  Caramel pretzel gelato is my favorite.  Try this place out!  You won't regret it!My boyfriend and I have been wanting to try Bufad ever since it opened, so last weekend we were excited to be in the neighborhood and in the mood for pizza!  Unfortunately, this place was a HUGE disappointment.
We walked in around 7 pm on a Friday.  We didn't have a reservation, so we ate at the counter in front of the window, right next to the door.  This place is VERY small.  Sitting on a stool wouldn't have been so bad if there was a coat check.
We already went out to drinks so we just wanted to get a pizza for dinner.  We ended up getting the sausage pizza to share.  When the order came out I was shocked.  A whole LOT of dough, and not many toppings...except tons of shredded, unmelted cheese on top.  Definitely not what I expected for $15.
My boyfriend liked the pizza but for me, there was just so much left to be desired.  Perhaps our pie was a little bit rushed?  It seemed undercooked to me!  Either way, now that I've experienced Bufad, I won't be going back.I'm a fan of any new pizza place good or bad. Especially in philly. Sometimes I feel like I'm in the desert, starving. That said this is actually a good joint, not the greatest area, but easy enough for me to get to. Inside is somewhat detritus chic, mix of scratched up wooden floors with the other half old concrete. Staff is extremely friendly.
On the counter are a few by the slice, gourmet pizzas. They are byob! A few salads, and sandwiches, and a handful of pizzas. To me they were the perfect individual size, though if you're smaller person definitely will be a lot of food. Price was reasonable.
I got the sausage pizza, the fennel sausage was great, good ratio of bread. My lactose intolerant gf got the marinara pizza with anchovies and was in ecstasy. Will definitely be back.
I have to say that I'm a little miffed about the rule that pizza is serve as is. This time was fine, but if we really go back and want to try a pizza without cheese because of a lactose intolerant issue will they really decline?If you know anything about me, you know I'm a big fan of pizza. It's my vice, my third love, and my favorite food group - this was inevitable, having grown up in the NYC area.  Since moving to Philadelphia a handful of years ago, I've seen a growing pizza scene, which has only made my waistline and smile wider.  Bufad is a GREAT new addition to that scene. It's pizza is well made, with fresh ingredients, and baked really well in their wood fire oven.  All in all - I do suggest you go here.  
Things to know:  
They don't sell beer - they are BYO. You can go down the street to my second favorite bar in Philadelphia (Prohibition Taproom) and grab a bottle to go. In fact, they suggest it since they own both establishments!   OR you can bring your own. 
It's not great for large groups - there isn't a ton of space. 
The seating is a little weird. Tables are shared, and we sat down next to a couple and was subjected to a conversation about their very personal issues.  Which I was not interested in. 
Things I tried: 
Rosa - it was well made. As a tomato pie, it was good...but it wasn't quite great. A little too tomato-ey, and missing a little something. I had this as a slice. Maybe the WHOLE pie would have been a different story - but it was all in all unimpressive. So maybe don't try it.
Pecorino Potato slice - it was delicious. I don't like potato on my pizza, I think that's weird, but it was good. VERY filling. So if you eat it, expect to get full fast. 
The one that BLEW me away was the special we ordered - the arugula, mushroom, kale, and some sort of mozz cheese - it was FANTASTIC. Absolutely delicious. I would have eaten multiple pies of this if I could have. It was in fact that good - and I seriously suggest you try this, if they have it again. 
I want to go back and try the margherita or a few others, but my stomach needs a break for now. 
I only give it 4 / 5 because in comparison to say Gennarro's, Nomad, and Stella - it's still got some way to go.This place had been on my go-to list for quite some time, and I was excited a larger group of us could finally go so we could try a lot of their flavors. Unfortunately, bigger groups (we were 6) aren't easy to seat at Bufad so we ended up sitting outside where it was a little chillier than was comfortable.
We started with an Antipasti platter- good but not great. My favorite bite was the sformato because it was the most unique. I could have easily prepared everything else on the platter at home. Their Prosciutto salad, on the other hand, was delicious. We split it amongst 6 of us, but I could eat one just by myself.
And for the pizzas:
Pomodori Freschi: like a Margherita but even fresher tasting. Ours could have used a hint more salt, and the crust got a little soggy with the juicy tomatoes and creamy burrata. 
Pannochia: pops of corn were delicious sweet, little surprises in this pie. It could have used a bit more shiitake mushroom and truffle, but the combo of flavors is something I'll definitely be copying at home
Melanzane: I had high hopes for this because I love eggplant, ricotta, and egg, but the execution of this was a bit off. The eggplant pieces were dry and flavorless and it needed more salt and more basil.
Salsiccia: The sweet juicy grapes and salty dry sausage were a good pairing in this. I loved the almond bits for the added crunch. This was probably the best executed of the ones we tried, but it was still lacking a satisfying salty and umami-y punch.
Overall, this place has so much potential. It just lacks in some of the execution. The crust is delicious, the flavor profiles are unique, but all of the pies need a touch more salt, a touch more herb, and a touch more veggie to really make them stand out and sing.I can't say enough about Bufad. The eccentric pizzas always seem to surprise me, and the beet pizza remains one of the best I've ever had. The small, private setting is interesting as far as pizza places go; I thought it would be painfully hot, but it was actually fine, they aired the place out well. Will definitely be back for more beet pizza, I wish it was on the menu year round!On Sundays, Bufad used to have a buy-one-get-one pizza special. Last time I went to Prohibition, they gave us a flyer and they've apparently updated this to Sunday-Thursday, 5-7pm is buy one get one pizza! Yay for more pizza throughout the week! 
Bufad is a wood-fired pizza place. The pies are unique, having toppings like shaved brussel sprouts and calamari. They can be a tad pricey for how small the pies are (one person can eat a whole pizza if they're hungry), so having the buy-one-get-one special really sways the dinner options in their favor.Came here for brunch on a Sunday afternoon and was disappointed.  I had an entree that included eggs, bacon, potatoes and toast. The bacon was ok, simply average. The eggs were good and in abundance but the paprika potatoes tasted as if they were soaked, not seasoned in paprika. The toast they served with it was cool, actually some type of pizza dough squares. I only wish the toast was served warm. I also tried the sausage pizza. The pizza was indeed different, non traditional.  The pizza had peas on it & a different type of tomato base, actually seemed more like meatball gravy than pizza sauce.Perfect place for a casual night out. Byob and you can buy beer from prohibition right next door! All of the food was amazing, and the prices are great. Anddddd you can sit outside! Can't wait to come back. Way better than pizzeria vetri (I said it!).Average. The pizzas weren't anything special. The menu doesn't have thaaat many options. However, it's convenient and fast for take out and the ambience is pretty nice. Wouldn't come here for anything fancy.We brought our own 6 pack and ordered a small plate, salad, pizza, and desert last night. All delicious! 
The food wasn't the problem. I'll give 4 stars to the food and our waitress, but not to the manager. Our check was dropped off with dessert, which is fine... But mid way through our dessert he came and tried to take the check that we didn't even look at yet because we were still eating. When finished, we paid and sat for a minute so I could finish my beer. The manager came up to us and basically told us to leave. He offered us free drinks at prohibition for our table, which is awkward.. Going into another bar asking for free stuff.. Hmmm. 
Food and service were great but that left a bad taste in my mouth. Little did he know, we already decided to leave.. If he only had waited 30 more seconds..We went here for my birthday and had a great time.  The service really stood out.  I made a reservation early in the week for the following weekend.  The only reservation available was pretty late, so we took it.  I mentioned that we'd prefer an earlier reservation, so the person on the phone told me they'd call me if anything opened earlier.  They were true to their word and followed up the evening of the reservation, calling to let me know an earlier reservation had opened.  It was refreshing to have them go the extra mile and call.  When we arrived, we were pleasantly surprised that this hipster-esque establishment had some of the best service we'd had in a while.  Stellar service in a relaxed atmosphere!
The food was awesome- in addition to the fabulous pizza, we loved the gnocchi.  It had a fantastic balance of flavor- potato and rye gnocchi with apples, beer braised cabbage, and speck.  The apples were sweet, the cabbage gave the dish some back bone, and the speck was salty/smoky.  This was probably the best part of our meal.  We also loved the polenta cake with fennel, whipped goat cheese, and raspberry sauce.  Lastly, it was a convenient way to dine in the city since street parking was ample.  We will be back!So we walked into this pizza shop where there were three open tables. Mind you, this is a pizza shop. They only had reservations. In 50 degree windy weather they offered us outside but told us they would not give us a heat lamp due to the wind. 
Oh and once again, this is a pizza shop.
They didn't offer us a wait time. 
They just said sorry.
A pizza shop. 
Won't ever go here again.Bufad is amazing. I'm not even a huge pizza fan and I love this place. Basically their food is like pizza crack. I can't get enough of it! 
The ambiance is relaxed and the servers are very friendly. Their specials have been stellar-margarita with octopus and salsa verde, shrimp with lemon basil/goat cheese. Everything tastes very fresh. This place is wonderful and byob is always an added bonus.Had early dinner tonight. It was great, service, ambiance and food was delicious. Great salads, great pizza. Very solid place.Tonight I went to Bufad (we have been there a few times before and it has always been fantastic), and ordered the mushroom pizza, but without any meat (being a vegetarian).  The pizza came out and looked amazing, and I ate a good portion of slice, and then realized that there was some meat on it. We told our server (who was also the general manager) and she immediately corrected the mistake by not only comping my selection, but also by making a new vegetarian mushroom pizza, and included a card for a complimentary dessert for a future visit. Being a member of the food industry, I can't say enough about how well the situation was handled. I so appreciate the care for my dietary needs and also how kind our server was to accommodate me.Looking for a good pizza joint for a quick lunch while visiting Philly. Boy were we surprised! Menu isn't super extensive but that's ok. We had the Margherita pizza and the Meatball and they were awesome. Some of the best pizza I've had cooked in a brick oven. Food was super fresh and had its own 'flair'. Service was phenomenal with an attentive and friendly waitress. HIGHLY recommend if in the area.Bufad is absolutely a cut above your standard pizza joint. It's wood fired which totally makes the crust even better with the wood flavoring. I would eat the crust alone if I could. 
I sampled three pies which we picked up and brought over to a friends. The first was the margherita which was delicious. The sauce was great and the mozz cheese and basil were very fresh. Next was the Pesto and fennel with ricotta and capicola. This one might have been my fav. The flavors together were fantastic and I'm always a sucker for roasted fennel. Lastly, we tried the Artichoke and Olive with goat cheese and tomato sauce. This pizza was a salt lovers heaven. So many salty flavors but the goat cheese balanced the saltiness of the artichokes and olives really well. Another winner for me.
I can't wait to eat in at this place since by the time we tried everything it was a bit room temperature. Obviously, that was our own fault. 
Yes, this place is a bit pricy for pizzas and they're a smaller size but the pizza is too good not to at least try it once! I'll be back for sure.It had been a while since we were at Bufad and it seemed like a good time to update my review. 
Parking was easy at Bufad and there are always spots on Spring Garden or a side street, especially on a Sunday night. The restaurant is small but fairly unique and industrial. I really like the way the re-purposed the old fluorescent light tubes to make their light fixtures. The tables are interesting also. The servers have always been informative and helpful.
We started with the Pureed Chickpea Soup in Chicken Stock  with Pancetta, Celery, Carrots, Onions and Pickled Fresno Chilies. This was a really good soup, especially on a cold night. It was served with warm bread and was just really good. We ordered one to share for 3 people and wound up ordering 2 more. That is how good this soup was.
We then shared the Shaved Kale & Fall Vegetable Salad- Shaved kale & fall vegetables tossed in a walnut vinaigrette with Asian pear, toasted walnuts, & shaved Pecorino Toscano.  This was very good also and a nice size for sharing. We also ordered the Sausage Pizza- Cacio e pepe, sautéed greens & our house-made spicy Italian fennel sausage. Finished with Fulvi Pecorino Romano. I had forgotten how good Bufad's pizza was. The cheese and sausage were excellent. The dough is also great
For dessert we had the Banana Sundae with Chocolate Banana Pastry Creme, Cinnamon Chocolate Ice Cream, Warm Bourbon Brown Sugar Bananas & Walnut Cookie Crumbles. This was an awesome dessert, not too big or too sweet. The bananas and the homemade ice cream were a great combo. Bufad also serves coffee by Rival Brothers. The cappuccino was one of the better cups I have ever had. It had just the right amount of foam and a strong coffee taste.
Bufad ran us about $20.00 per head but we had a lot of food and a great meal.If you read my reviews I almost always give 5 stars. It's not that I'm undiscriminating , just the opposite is true. I worked in the business for 21 years and I only review restaurants that I think are special. Bufad is one of those. I like the Roman pizzas more then the individual ones and the salads are great. I always enjoy it and I always find free parking. You can also bring your dog if you like sitting outside. He agrees about the pizza but not the salads .I have changed my review rating from 2 to 4 stars! [original below]. Apparently, the owners have taken note of the feedback - my comments and other folks' comments -smart cookies.
I visited last nite and am happy to report that the service was warm, fuzzy and friendly. Not a trace of the former snobbishness. Foodside. the crust was thinner [but still could lose a little girth] and they put mushrooms and caramelized onions on my marinara pie without even raising an eyebrow.
I've also gotten take out a few times since I wrote the review and was warmed over by less 'tude and more flavor. 
I am very happy to give Bufad an updated, improved review! I'll be back.
****
Bufad is a very cute remake of the old Yum-Yum Chinese place--they did a great job on the rehab. The view from inside is fabulous, with all the light pouring in. Nice to have cafe tables outside, too. I love Prohibition and Cafe Lift. I was so happy when Bufad opened. I own/live in the Loft District, want nice places to eat & shop, and of course, for my real estate value to rise.
But I have to be honest, as much as I want to love Bufad, I don't even like it--from the eye-rolling, pretentious service & high prices to the holier-than-thou menu rigidity and too-thick crust. 
When I asked if I could add mushrooms to my marinara pie, I got a smug "We don't 'do' modifications." Really? Maybe that's why Bufad is empty on a Saturday night. 
Hello? It's pizza, for God's sake. A circle of dough with some sauce. Peasant food-not Food Network-worthy Hipster food!  
These pies are certainly not worth the snobbish 'tude or the $12 for the equivalent of 1 large slice. The culinary world will not be shaken up because of the 5 precious, unchangeable pies on your menu. There are better, friendlier pizzerias in the city. If you want to fill those tables, make the crust and attitude thinner.
I would like to try it again in a few months and see if anything changes for the better. I really hope it does.Went there in October...the service was great.  You can buy wine or a drink from the bar next door...but their margarita pizza was amazing.  I asked for a diff cheese on top and the waiter said he had to ask the chef but they did it for me and I LOVED it.  Definitely will go back :)Service is very good, very friendly. Food was also good but maybe a little too salty, but not salty enough that I wouldnt come back.The pizza was pretty good! I particularly liked the salsiccia. However, we called ahead to see if we could make a reservation, and they didn't accept reservations but told us we would be fine for a table. Awesome! However, when we got there probably 20 minutes later, the hostess told us we wouldn't be able to have a table for 30 minutes because 2 big groups of 6 were coming in. So they do take reservations? Anyway, we were seated at the little bar by the window with super uncomfortable stools, which made the experience less good. But they do have buy one get one free pizza on Sunday, which made everything better! Overall, it was okay. Not sure I'll be back except maybe on a Sunday.Had a nice meal at Bufad and was impressed with the creativity of some of the dishes. First, it's BYO, which is awesome. We stopped in to see about a table and there was a wait when we got there, but they were kind enough to let us drop off our bottles of wine while we went next door to Prohibition to kill the wait time. They called us 40 min or so later, and we went back to Bufad to find our table ready and our wine on ice at the table--very nice. 
One of the interesting things that Bufad does is a super reasonably priced tasting menu with a theme. When we were there, it was four courses with the theme of eggplant for $22, a great deal. My wife got this, and tasted each of the courses, including the tasty eggplant pizza. The most amazing part of the tasting was the eggplant dessert (yes, that was eggplant dessert). They put chocolate and candied orange peel on a thinly sliced piece of eggplant, and while I didn't think it would work, it absolutely did. Genius. 
The antipasto plate was OK. It wasn't really what I was expecting, as I like an antipasto that's comprised of cured meats and cheeses, but this one, composed of several little salads and pickled items, was good. I particularly liked the spicy pickled green beans. I would totally get a bowl of just those. 
Pizza was good. Not the best I've ever had, but certainly very good. I thought that they could have gotten a little more crisp on the crust, but that is mostly me being nitpicky. 
Service was good, and our waiter was pleasant. 
Would stop back in.I reserve five stars for only my favorite-est places in Philly. I must say that Bufad is excellent!  Awesome pizza + BYO! They have tables set up outside on 12th Street (away from the traffic) where a few people brought their dogs.  There are about 10-12 tables inside.  So your best bet is to go on an off night or off hours.  We went on a Sunday night and it was BOGO pizzas! Score! Of course we ordered two.  We got the eggplant pizza that had an egg on top.  We immediately broke the egg and spread it around. Delicious.  Had a little bit of a kick to it which was nice.  And we had the corn and mushroom pizza. Excellent!!  Both pizzas had a unique taste to them and I would highly recommend them.   
Definitely a great choice to get your pizza fix and BYO!  Parking on Spring Garden and on the surrounding blocks are wide open so that is a plus as well.Unfortunately the few times I've been here they have messed up each of my orders, but everything I get and eat anyway is really damn goodIf you took the more...odd food choices one sees pop up from time to time at Prohibition Taproom or Cafe Lift, and put it on a pizza, you have Bufad. Which makes sense, given that they're owned by the same people. It's definitely not your traditional pizza place, so don't go there expecting to get a plain pizza that you can order from anywhere else. But just like with Prohibition and Cafe Lift, these guys take something you might have never thought to put on a pizza and make it DELICIOUS. 
It's small (like, really small) and it's BYOB, but the food more than makes up for that.I really liked this place. Small, quiet, great server. Pizza was amazing and the appetizers were delicious and on the larger side. Reasonably priced.Thin crust with inventive toppings and easy to share dish! They give anchovie breadcrumbs and red pepper oil to top which was also different and delicious. Good ambience and helpful staffEasiest review: ITALIAN STYLE pizza in Philadelphia finally and THANK GOD! Charred, blackened, tasty, one sized, authentic pizza with fresh and delightfully creative toppings. Original and tasty appetizers too. They even have chinotto for crying out loud, what else can you ask?This place was almost my favorite until I wanted  pizza on Monday, I didn't get it because it was closed. Then I tried on Tuesday NOPE! They had a private party for some guy with his face on sticks. Lucky for him he got pizza I on the other hand did not.The pizza is pricey, but absolutely delicious. I wish they were a bit bigger, but that crust of theirs is unbeatable. It's making my mouth water just thinking about it. I highly recommend the duck confit pie.There are five things (according to me and my boyfriend) on which people can judge their pizza:. 
1. Crust thickness/ taste
2. Sauce 
3. Cheese
4. Overall pizza taste
5. Value
Bufad was recommended by my human Yelp, Mindy K., but I have to disagree. We were disappointed.  Each of the five judging points had issues. 
I will say that I liked the crust thickness but my boyfriend didn't because the outside crust part was too thick in comparison to the rest of the pizza. However, we both agreed that the crust was salty. Like, noticeably salty. 
My boyfriend got a sausage and veggie pizza (I forge the name) and I got the Brussels sprout pizza without meat. The former is a red sauce pizza the latter not but it was difficult to tell because there was a serious lack of sauce. And cheese no couldn't even see the cheese on mine and there was just one tiny slice of mozzarella on each slice of my boyfriend's. 
The overall taste of each of ours was lacking. The Brussels sprouts were practically raw and would have been way better roasted. Or cooked in some fashion. The sausage was very flavorful with the fennel inside but then there was a broccoli rabe-like veggie which was overpowering in bitterness. Combined with the salty crust, he was unhappy and felt that the pizza did not mesh well at all. 
It was gourmet pizza and we paid a gourmet price but didn't feel like the value was good at all. 
The vibe of Bufad was also a little off. The waitresses did not smile and came by the table to ask how things were but then didn't stay to actually hear our answer.  It was freezing out and we had made a reservation so when we asked to sit not right in front of the door and were told we couldn't because the back tables were reserved, I was not pleased. And then NONE of the parties showed up so we were cold for no reason. I don't know how long people are hanging out at Bufad but the 1.5 hour wait seemed excessive for a half empty restaurant. 
Because of where I was seated, I wasn't able to see that they also had slices which looked like they might be better. Still, I don't think we will return unless Mindy K. wants to go with us and pay :)My father has a wood fired pizza oven, and aside from his pizza dough, Bufad's is the best. And I didn't even have to reserve it! I got the simple one with shallots, cherry tomatoes, and basil, which was incredible. My friend got the spicy red sauce, pepperoni, and parsley, which to me was only okay, but he liked it.
But the main reason I logged in to yelp to write this review this morning was the yogurt panna cotta with blueberry compote. It was outstanding! Bufad!Outstanding pizza, if you have a but of andventure in your pallete. This is the place. I love the summer corn pizza, personally. 
The staff is friendly and each visit reinforces my initial impression. A must of you're going to a show at Union Transfer down the street.Not adventurous enough?  Are you kidding?
Whomever made that remark probably believes Pappa John's  is good. 
Bufad has a refreshing, creative menu that changes seasonally and uses fresh local produce. Their appetizers, pizzas and  salads are some of the most inspiring eats in the city.
Pizza, I believe, that could rival anyone else in the pizza game. I have tried Stella, Santucci's, Tacanelli's, Beddia, Nomad, Zavino, Osteria. Couch Tomato.....
All contenders but in the end Bufad  has my  heart and stomach.
This is definitely a foodie establishment.
,Maybe it has to do with the shaved fennel/orange salad with marinated onions (best salad I ever had) or the Barata appetizer with roasted pine nuts  or the fresh arugula salad with goat cheese and raspberries or the zucchini, pesto pizza or the spicy tomato pie with chunks of shrimp, calamari, little necks and grilled octopus on top. (awesome)
All amazing.
The service is friendly, attentive unpretentious and willing to accommodate vegetarians by omitting meat. No problems here. 
This is not a neighborhood pizza joint but a casual, rustic, full service BYOB with an open kitchen serving some seriously good food.
Bufad is situated in the middle of post industrial urban decay. This makes it all the more appealing as it stands on its own as a gutsy, ballsy all out destination place that smiles beneath all the surrounding dust.
This is a special place.
Add the tattooed machismo man logo on the door, custom pizza sign and brown kraft carboard pizza boxes and you see why this husband and wife team are creating a unique culinary brand the city is lucky to have.
 I can't wait to see what they do next.Amazing pizza. Had a slice of the spicy tomato with pancetta and it was phenomenal. They served it on wooden plate/slabs which was super cute. The pricing was so reasonable. I will be returning and becoming a regular. And I'm not the biggest pizza fan but it was so so good!!Living right across the street we were all SO excited to go to Bufad. We love prohibition and cafe lift soo much we know it would be amazing. Wow. We were so disappointed we didn't even discuss it. It was just one of those sad moments. Went there on a sunday, there was a 40 minute wait. That is fine I guess, we decided to just do take out. But get this, as we were waiting for out take out slices, people came in behind us and GOT A TABLE IMMEDIATELY. I don't know if there was a miscommunication or something but that was super effed up. We didn't even say anything. We just wanted to leave at that point. The pizza was cold. We literally live less than a block away, no excuse to give us cold pizza. 
I think the worst part of all was the way the pizza was just sitting out on the counter. EVERYONE walked by it, and bent over and looked down at the pizza. Can you imagine all the nose crustieees and boogers that dropped onto that pizza?! UGH!! It was all I could think about. SO DISGUSTING. I can't believe they would even do that. So as the employee was explaining the pizza's to us, she is reaching across them, pointing her and pointing there.. and we're leaning over the pizza's looking at them. breathing on them.. then I thought, omg this is what EVERYONE does. EEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW. That was so disgusting. I am willing to ignore all the other issues but having the pizza out on the front counter like that, NO GLASS, no barrier what so ever... that is terrible. It is unsanitary.. and just blurg, disgusting.
The pizza was okay. Nothing great. Better than the other pizza place on the block but not really worth it. just order from brandywine pizza and you'll be better off.I need to try it again, but the menu felt a little uninspired when I visited. The mushroom pizza was very delicious, but the margherita needed work. The sauce is thin and the cheese lacked character (at least give me more if that's what it is). The joint needs work to stand up against premiere restaurants in town.
Our server was great, though. I'll visit again and offer a more in-depth review soon.Came here for a friend's birthday this weekend and had a great experience! The reservation for 15+ people was made the day of, and we were lucky enough to snag the outside table that could seat all of us. It was a little later in the night and a bit chilly, but the heat lamps kept us warm, as did the alcohol! The place is BYO and there's a bar next door, but it was a bit pricier so I'd suggest coming prepared! As for dinner, we ordered every type of pizza on the menu and everyone seemed to love the food. My personal favorite was the spaghetti squash pizza - it had this awesome ricotta-textured cheese and was super flavorful. The mushroom was my second favorite but was a little salty for my taste because of the bacon. The guys, of course, insisted on the sausage and rabbit pizzas, but at the end of the day they agreed the squash pizza was the best! The rabbit ragout was a little too saucy, almost like drinking soup out of a bread bowl, but it was still tasty.The crust was actually my favorite part of the pizza - not too thin, and just the right amount of doughy/chewy. Overall, the service at Bufad was fast, the waiters friendly, and the food incredible! Definitely will be back!had a wonderful pizza experience here recently.
ordered two pizzas and both were amazingly delicious. i have eaten a lot of pizza all over and this was one of the best. 
the pizzas are definitely "artisinal" but go on a pizza adventure and try them out. 
also had a minor snafu with the deserts and the waiter was accomodating and removed them from the check. 
good food and a wonderful addition to philadelphia.
bathroom's were a little problematic but i am sure that the lack of papertowels was just a minor oversight.We have been here twice since opening.   I think it has five star potential but the opening is a little bumpy. 
Hipster is great but the wait staff needs a little more experience.  First time we were there - they wanted to double us up with another couple.  The other couple ended up sitting on stools by the door.  We TOTALLY get it if the place was packed and other tables occupied, but it was lunch with open tables. Plenty of room for everyone. Why not double up only if needed?
Second time we were there (a week after open) servers were already tired of taking the spacer out of the tables.  They sat us with another couple and didn't take out the ingenious spacer that turns a 4 top into 2 2 tops.   Same visit - waiter literally asked three times for our order.  Went to enter it and had to come back because he forgot.  When we went to leave, he was sitting at another table and we had to get him for our check.  Also -I am not being critical but they had gnocchi on the menu and server kept calling it notch-y.  Maybe a little training would help?
The food first time - we got two pies and the brussel sprout app.  The app was AMAZING.  Pizza was good.  The sausage pie was WAY too dark but it was only open a few days so the learning curve that can be overlooked. 
The food the second time - we did Roman slices and antipasti.  The antipasti was a dud.  We tossed the whole thing.  The slices would have been better if warm.  Also - there is no sneeze guard - the pies are stacked up by the register.  Is that even code?  It grossed us out a bit.  Two people - two slices each and shared antipasti - $40 incl tip.  It's a bit steep for what we got. 
The part that made me a bit insane.  The menu says no substitutions or changes.  Well - I am vegetarian and we were hesitant to ask if they could leave out the pancetta from the brussel sprouts.  We asked - they said yes.  SO if you can accommodate - why publish you say you cant. 
Also - no red pepper flakes?  Why?  You know people will ask for them?  We get it - you are not a typical pizza parlor.  We get it.  We are eating here and traveled to get here were paying a lot to eat here.  Why not accommodate if you can?I went to Bufad to try out one of their pizzas which they offer by the slice and I wasn't disappointed at all.  In fact I have now become a fan of this pizzeria.  As far as I know, this is the only pizzeria in the Delaware Valley offering Pizza all'Amatriciana.  Amatriciana is the famous pasta sauce from near Roma made primarily from tomatoes, guanciale, and pecorino. This pizza was really tasty and adding on some complimentary hot pepper oil just added to the great flavor.  The place itself looks cool and the service staff are def friendly.  I'm not into all the new "brainy" pizzas in Philly that come with attitude ... I'm into unique tasty pizzas like Pizza all'Amatriciana at Bufad!Menu: 
ANTIPASTI-Applewood-Smoked Salumi, Roasted Olives, Pickled Fennel and Celery, Salty Egg, Fried Butternut Squash, & Herb Ricotta e Bianca
  And... Margarita Pizza whicc has San Marzano tomato sauce and topped with chiffonaded(sic)  basil.    
 My friend and I loved sharing these amply sized platters. Innovated fresh  and imaginative are the best way to describe both.
Served up in a hip, minimalist decor which works great for the vibe of the neighborhood. 
Service was attentive and quick despite the fact it was a Thursday and mobbed.
And no one made fun of us because we are over 40 :-)   Double bonus.
We will be back.This place was a total disappointment. A friend and I were really excited to check it out this past weekend after reading all of the good reviews and foobooz coverage. Aside from it being BYOB and the friendly waitress and manager, I really don't have many positive things to say.  When we arrived there was a wait, which was no biggie since it was Saturday night and we had no problem having a beer at Prohibition while we waited for a table. Our server was really nice and explained the menu items thoroughly. We decided to go with the Margherita to share, and a slice of Gorgonzola each. Then things went downhill. When our food arrived it was cold. The dough for the individual slices resembled Ellio's and even though the Marg had nice flavor it was pretty small for the price ($12). We tried to deal with the cold food, but decided to ask them to heat up the gorgonzola slices, since cold gorgonzola pizza is pretty gross. When the pizza returned a few minutes later it was visibly burnt (like blackened) and tasted much worse than before. The server clearly felt bad and the manager came over to apologize and let us know that she would take them off the bill, even offering to make us something else. By then the damage was done and we weren't feeling it anymore so we just paid for the Margherita finished our wine and left. With so many other great pizza options in Philadelphia (Zavino, Osteria, Pizza Brain, Luigi's in Fairmount...the list goes on) I hope that Bufad steps up their game. It's proximity to Prohibition and BYOB status won't be able to carry it as-is, sadly.Finally got here to see just how good one of the newer hip pizza joints is. I was expecting good things, since I've always been impressed with their other close by establishments.
Ordered two pizza's, 2 Sicilian type slices and the antipasto. The two round pizza's were very good, but they'd be better if the ingredients were spread out more and if there was more meat. The crust was decent, but a little chewy for my taste. Service was superb. Also got the antipasto/roasted veg's & and it was really good! Next time have to try the soup - which sounds really good. 
Over all very good experience.Food is delish but prices are a bit steep for a lunchtime entree. Had the sweet corn ice cream. Holy heck. Who knew corn could make such good ice cream? Service was fast and friendly. I would definitely go again. And I have. But this time I ordered a slice and had dessert.AMAZING FOOD. Great location!
Love Bufad! I've been here twice and the service and food cannot be beat. It's a little pricey, but it has a great location. You still have the soul and heartbeat of the city, but you're not in the thick of it (and I usually park for free)! 
I always leave with a food coma (I have only gotten their pizzas). It's a perfect go-to place that you really can't go wrong with!!Bufad has officially jumped to the top of my list for gourmet pizzas! 
The place is such a cute cozy spot with just a handful of tables inside and out. The decor goes well with the kind of food they serve as well!
I ordered a margarita pizza ($11) with an extra topping of wild mushrooms & olives (+ $2 per). It was super light and fluffy with just the right amount of sauce and cheese. They serve chili oil and anchovy garlic blend as extra toppings which goes perfect with the pizza. 
The pizza has 6 slices- perfect for 2 people.
Don't forget to check out the speciality menu! The pulled Bbq chicken hot pocket was delicious! Every bite was full of warm tender pulled chicken with peppers and mozzarella beside a bed of greens. The perfect light dish!
All in all, it was a great experience. The staff are very friendly and oh, it's BYOB. I will definitely return to try out other special pizzas and the brunch menu. Hats off to Bufad!!!I've been to Bufad for take out more than once, but today was the first time I sat down for lunch. I had their lunch special: $7 for two slices of Roman-style pizza and a small bean salad with meat and cheese. I had one slice of amatriciana and potato, which was especially delightful because I wouldn't have expected potatoes on pizza. I also ordered vanilla gelato. It was just what I was looking for.
My server was really friendly and attentive. I work in the neighborhood and Bufad made my lunch break all the more special. A sparkling water, two slices of premium pizza, one small salad, and one dessert later, I'm only out 14 dollars. 
Great place. I'll be back again!(to the tune of "Time After Time" by Cyndi Lauper)
Thinking about a date spot to impress
that someone new
Don't want to break the bank but
You're willing to spend a few
Best on warm nights
You can sit outside.
I could just eat here
Time after...
Sometimes I picture the
Brussels and Burrata
It's calling to me, can almost 
Taste the yummy spread
Wish I could go slow...
But I'd fall behind.
That pizza's on my mind
If you're looking for date night, just BYO
Time after time
If you need some great pizza, Bufad's waiting
Time after time...
Bufad is the quintessential neighborhood date spot. Warm lighting, tasty pizza, a few small plates, great for sharing AND BYOB if you're into that. The pies, while a little on the small, are gourmet and divine. Thin crust doesn't hold too many toppings, so choose wisely! They use Kensington Quarters pepperoni, which makes for a succulent slice, and I'd definitely recommend the braised pork (with tallegio & pear mostarda!!)
Service, even when sitting outside, is pretty prompt. I wouldn't recommend getting takeout if you have the choice of eating their, it wasn't quite the same stellar experience eating at home. Portions of small plates are PRETTY teeny, so don't expect to leave too full. But definitely expect to leave satisfied.I have had over 5 pizzas from Bufad since they've opened. And their pizzas are pretty solid. Ambiance is also cool and chill. My only qualm with this place is the prices are a wee bit high. But nevertheless, a pleasing pizza parlor!Ok - this will be brief.  We heard so much about this place we finally had a chance to go there for a pizza at lunch this past weekend.  Fortunately, it was a bit later so we had the place to ourselves.  We had the Mushroom pizza and it was delicious!  This is not your corner pizza shop.  It really is a unique dining experience.  Truffle oil and exotic mushrooms - first time I've had that on pizza and I am glad I did.  Check it out - the menu is impressive and the coal fired pizza is a real treat!BYOB pizza place. That's all you need to know to make you way over to this amazing restaurant. The pizza is absolutely fantastic - they have some excellent gourmet options as well as your classics. My favorites were the braised pork pizza and the mushroom (you cant go wrong with truffle oil). The dough of the pizza was so good that we all devoured the crust as well. They have really good appetizers options as well that go to rotation. The anitpasti and the meatball were absolutely delicious as well. Oh did I mention its BYOB?