Buon Burger, abbiamo provato il cheesburger ed il veggie, entrambi buoni! Rimane sempre un fast food, ma ambiente carino, alla moda, personale gentile, al di sopra sicuramente della media. Si cena tranquillamente con 15$ a testa senza risparmiarsi alcuna delizia!This is another in the increasingly common number of gourmet burger places, with this one trying to be more hip/trendy than others...and pretty much succeeding, at least in comparison to the others that 've seen.  The interior is bright and clean with light-wood paneling on the walls, high ceilings, and large windows at the front.  The décor has basically an industrial-rustic look, including several large communal tables made of highly polished thick slabs of wood that -- along with the wood paneling on the walls -- are countered with industrial steel fixtures.  There's plenty of seating at tables of different sizes and heights.  One side of the restaurant also has a large bar.  The custard milkshakes are very good -- thick and rich with flavor. The hot dogs are very good as well.  My one food 'complaint' is that the sauerkraut on the hot dogs was a bit odd to me -- it was much brighter (in color and flavor) and more crisp than I'm used to...and I whiningly had a taste for good old, regular sauerkraut that's more boiled and more sour than what I received here.This is a good burger! Definitely recommend getting a double though, spoke with a guy who was quite disappointed with his single, too small a patty! Oh well, flavors, texture, looks, smells, all there like a good burger to me! Tried my buddy's onion rings! Killer! That's where it's at a must!We stopped by at 11pm on a Friday night and ordered the cry and fry and a custard. Once we had paid, we were told they were out of onion rings and asked if we just wanted fries. After saying yes, we weren't offered a refund for the $3 price difference. Then one of the employees complained about how crowded it was and how they just wanted to shut the lights off and tell everyone it was closed.
When we went back the next day at 6pm for dinner, the front door was locked and one of the employees gleefully turned off the lights. It was supremely disappointing.Great burger, chili cheese onion rings and need velvet concrete.  Would definately go back. Good service. Would like to have a larger water cup but enjoyed the entire experience.For months I had been tracking Burger Fi like an Iroquois brave. I'd put my proverbial ear to the ground (aka read about it in The Insider / Foobooz) and my excitement would grow as signs of it's opening neared. Each day I would walk by on my way to work and glance in, and it seemed to be getting closer and closer but not opening, finally I couldn't take it and I shot them an email saying what's the deal, stop this nonsense and open already!! They told me to chill and it would be about a week. 
Fast forward a few weeks and the day finally came for boo and I to spend our epic Sunday cheat meal at BF. We walked in and the place was jumping. NFL combine coverage on all the TVs, I felt like I could potentially be spending a fair amount of NFL Sundays here. There was not much of a line and boo and I each ordered the Brisket Burger bc why wouldn't you. 2 patties of ground brisket with Swiss and blue cheese? C'mon son. Then because I'm fat I got an order of parm fries and a Chicago style hot dog. Boo got a side of onion rings. Total cost plus a soda almost $40.00 a little on the high side for casual but whatev, if it lives up to its billing I'd gladly pay it every freakin' Sunday.
After paying you shuffle down the line and wait for your buzzer to go off to get your food. I stood patiently in the corner while boo secured a seat. at the 15 minute mark the guy next to me became agitated and I was thinking it's only going to get worse from here. At 20 mins he went up and asked about it and the manager checked on it and told him it was up next. This whole time I would look back at boo and she would shoot me these dart looks like "say something! say something!" I would look at her like "I ain't got the energy girl". Our food came at the 30 minute mark. Famished I handed in my buzzer and took the food to the table. 
As crazy as this sounds both our burgers were really bland. Thinking back I can't remember if they put the blue cheese on or not bc its illegal for blue cheese to be bland. We ended up drowning them in ketchup. Very disappointing. The sides we got we fine but the star here is the burgers and it just wasn't up to snuff. Feeling dejected we walked out with our heads low. A week later I was walking by around 7:00 there were about 10 people in there so I decided I ain't going out like that, this place has to be good and we just came on the wrong day. I got the standard Burger Fi burger green style. It still took about 15 minutes to get. The lettuce wrap was awesome however the burger didn't taste like anything. Another ketchup drowning and I left again dejected. 
I still am holding out hope that these are the early restaurant blues but I cherish my Sunday cheat meals and I can't take the gamble on Burger Fi again. Maybe a Tuesday lunch but not my Sunday.Only giving this spot 3 out of 5 reasoning the burger meat was excellent. Very fresh, very clean tasting 
I didn't like that the burgers pretty pricey I mean I got the twenty eight I think that's what it's called...my daughter a beef hot dog and my friend got a veggie burger and a drink 4 for items 28 dollars sooooo.....
I wasn't to mad about spending almost 30 dollars for a burger, veggie burger, hotdog  and small drink....thinking everything came with fries I was excited to try this spot (always seen it going to the reading terminal)...
Food comes out...no fries with the order that a be a extra 5 to 8 dollars....and the burger was TINY For 11 bucks at a fast food joint I want that Jawn to fill me where I can't walk...not the case at all I most likely won't be coming backModern atmosphere, friendly staff and a good burger! I got the 1/2 and 1/2 with a burger and quinoa patty. Delicious!!! 
What sold us on the place was a good selection of beers, 6packs to go and bat tender that knows the town and how to show everyone a good time.I ordered on UberEats because I've been wanting to try this place for a while now. I got a customizable cheese burger and added lettuce, pickles, and burgerfi sauce. They sent me that expect with tomato  I honestly hate tomatoes on my burgers so it kind of annoyed me cause when I went to take it off some burgerfi sauce came off with it. Definitely should be more cautious...what if I was deathly allergic. Also had to take the lettuce off after the first bite cause It just wasn't a good piece it looked too dark and just didn't taste right. After I took the tomato and lettuce off the burger it was quite tasty. I really enjoyed the burgerfi sauce and the burger was a really good size. Also got an order of cheese fries and was so disappointed with the cheese it honestly was so bland and just not cheesey enough. The fries itself were also not the bests a lot were burnt. Upside they give u a lot of fries.Best burgers in town! Hot and juicy and crispy french fries. Craft beer, wine and custard. Everything you would want for a casual lunch spot or fun family dinner or just a good place to grab a few brews and watch the game!Not bad.  Pretty much tastes exactly the same as Shake Shack IMHO.  They have a bar though, which is sweet.  Saturday happy hour and draft beers for $3 a pop.  Can't beat that.  Two TVs, plenty of seating, fast service, chill vibe.  I would come back if I was in the area and had friends craving burgers.  Probably not if I had to go out of my way.  Less than $5 for a single build your own burger.  I'm a petite lady, and a single burger and beer didn't really fill me up.  Next time, I'll share some onion rings or fries.  Give it a try.  It wasn't bad.Ok not great. For a place that's known for their burgers, i found it to be a bit underwhelming. I tried a two milkshakes but they weren't quite to my liking. They onion rings and French Fries are better than the burgers to be honest with you. Solid but not great would be my overall assessment. Hey, at least they have free Wi-Fi in this trendy establishmentThis place is a must go if you want a burger near this area & reading terminal is not open. I should admit that philly cheese steak at reading terminal is a must go when it is open. However, if you are late like 7pm - 2AM, this is a second best option even with friendly budget. 
I had 1 single burger with every veggie, 1 regular fries, and 1 junior cup custard. I did not know and did not ask for it, but they gave me a promotional free junior cup custard.(I did not choose any toping.) The whole meal was $7.50. With a price of regular McDonald's value meal, I got a much nicer burger & fries.
I love their nice and thin bun with low carb, and their fries are so yummy (haha potato has lots of carb to compensate low carb bun). I visited there at 12am, and the cashier or manager was super friendly. You can expect to have a personal communication there. Will visit again!I was looking forward to trying this place but it turned out to be a big disappointment. I ordered a single cheeseburger with ketchup, fried onions and pickles.  I got a very small, very flat cheeseburger with nothing on it. The flavor was ok, although it was dry with none of my requested toppings, and way too small for the price of 4.47 plus tax. 
I also ordered the Cry and Fries which is onion rings and french fries.  I asked for ketchup on the side.  This order came in a separate bag from the burger.  There was a few ketchup packets in it, not nearly enough.  The bag was totally covered in grease when she handed it to me.  As I had to walk a few blocks, I asked her if she could put both bags in a larger bag which she did.  
Anyway, there were only 3 onion rings in my Cry and Fries order which didn't seem like alot, although they are very big.  However, as it turned out, that didn't matter, because they were so disgustingly greasy and salty that I couldn't even finish the first one.
The fries were good, but not good enough to warrant a return trip.The burgers are def solid and better than 5 guys, and slightly better than Shake Shack. They have chili cheese for when you are feeling extra greedy. The full size bar will def go a long way with the happy hour crowd.The service is slow and the girl taking our order was unfriendly. I asked her how big the large fries were and she said it wouldn't be enough for three people. Well, then I ordered the bucket of fries and it was a trough of fat made for twenty people. The ketchup dispense was broken and all out of ketchup. Food is good. Service is terrible. Skip this joint.Burger was decent and the only highlight of the trip. I ordered the twenty -eight burger and onion rings. Unfortunately the Onion rings were just ok. I found the Customer service to be terrible. I waited in line over 10 minutes to order while people behind the register just stood around. Went to the soda machine and found out most of the drinks were out and there was no ice. Plastic cups for ketchup were also not refilled. Plenty of employees standing around but only a few working for some reason.Why is there only one person at a register when the line is out the door Sunday lunchtime?? And no service at the bar. There are 20 people in line. It's fast food style ordering at the counter but there's nothing fast about it. I'm only waiting because I want to try the beyond burger. After waiting about 20-25 minutes to place my order, it is been 25 minutes that I have been waiting since placing the order. They need either more or faster staff in the kitchen and more than one person taking the orders. I wish I had kept walking. I ordered at 12:46. I was writing this in real time and now I can tell you it took until 1:28 to get my burger. A solid 45 minute wait after ordering.Horrible customer service coming here on a Saturday night. Need some new management and customer service training. Has a lot of potential but understaffed and was treated rudely.  Waiting over 25 minutes for a burger is unacceptable at a "fast food" place.My friend and I got the cheeseburger and cry & fries (mix of onion rings and french fries). The burgers were just OK. I've had better at Five Guys. There was nothing that really stood out about the burgers. They patties were thin and over cooked. They weren't too dry, but not what I would call juicy.
The onion ring and French fry mix had only two (count 'em, 2) onion rings. The French fries were decent though.
We went for lunch and despite there being a long line of customers that reached back to the door, they only had one person working the register. And that was only part time, as her coworkers hung around behind the counter joking and gossiping with her.
Really the only reason to eat here over the Reading Terminal market across the street is that they have more open seating. There are better burger places nearby and next time I'll head to one of those.Good burger place with decent selection of entrees, local and rotating beer selection on tap and from the bottle. Moderate value.Have been to this location, also in Delray Beach - FL and Boston - MA. Great burgers, fries and shakes. Parmesan fries with garlic aioli is so delicious! Red velvet shake is a must try!If I were rating the food only I would give 3 stars and say that its A-OK. The taste of the burgers is on par with five guys but much more expensive when you add the fact that many of their toppings cost money. I dont mind paying a buck for shrooms but you should give me more then 3 pathetic soggy little slivers. The deal breaker for me was .77 cents for vinegar for the fries. Seriously? That is a condiment not a topping and it should be free. Five guys does not charge for vinegar or mushrooms for that matter.This place is great.  I love that the quality of the ingredients is good, and that you can customize everything.  We love to come here for lunch breaks and the service is fast, especially given how busy they always seem to be.
I always get a burger and fries and every.single.time I end up saying "why did I get the fries? I didn't need the fries."  But guess what?  I eat half of them anyway because they're delicious. 
Bonus points for those cool customize-you-flavor soda machines!Looong wait for okay burger. My order and others were messed up. Hopefully it was a bad day but I doubt it.Move over 500*, Shake Shack and any other burger place that wants to be a burger place....
These burgers are fabulous.  Super fresh beef done to the temperature you request with any toppings you'd like.  The fries were fresh cut and the onion rings were EPIC. 
I wish I had saved room for dessert because the shakes looked so good!!I tripped into this place after a conference at the convention center .. it was pretty packed. The architecture is fun and interesting to look at while you are waiting for your food.  Overall, I would say this is a solid option if you are craving some fast food without going to one of those awful fast food chains.  I like their fries and I'm a big fan of the chicken apple dog.  Try it!BurgerFication is my new favorite burger place. The food was amazing and reasonably priced. Neat and clean and just all around AMAZING! Will DEFINITELY be back again several times for lunch!Its my first time to eat here and I dont see why everyone does not like it as much as I do. The food was great. Wife and I had two FI Cheeseburgers and a Kobe Hot dog. The atmosphere is alright, the interior is interesting. If you're a sports fan this place has alot of tv's and a a bar in the back. Who doesnt like burgers, dogs, and beers? The only downside I saw and not a major one, was that I asked for takeout and they set me up to eat inside. Not a big problem, they just had to re-pack my food to go. When we got to our hotel room, we unpacked the food and noticed the burgers were stamped by the grill with the name of the establishment. The burger is great, it didnt taste like a frozen patty and does not taste like a food chain. The biggest hit was the Kobe hot dogs. Crispy outer skin when you bite into it and a soft interior of a kobe steak. It was so soft, that it melted in our mouths. Overall, we are a fan and would eat there again.I only stopped in here for a beer so my review has nothing to do with food! Right next to the public market and the convention center, BurgerFi, is spacious and has a bar and softserve ice cream... that combo was intriguing to me. A sample of the vanilla ice cream was very good!
In that area, it seems like it might be a good place to go to grab a quick lunch or a happy hour drink,This is my fourth time here. Every time I come I order the Vegefi burger and every time it's phenomenal! Best veggie burger I've ever had. Their variety of fry seasoning is good too. My favorites are the Parmesan-herb fries and the Cajun fries.Comparable to most higher end burger joints. However $8.77 for a double bacon cheese burger was just ok. A five guys $5 burger beats it. The cry-fry French fri onion ring combo was meh. Over cooked fries and onion rings too big to be good and fell a part. If this place was a bit more reasonable I'd come back $15 for lunch is too much. You can get way more for that at Reading Terminal. Still not a bad place.Place caught my eye,  was pretty empty though. The menu was a little intimidating at first, but I settled on the breakfast burger. Has a great combination of breakfast lunch foods all under one bun. The place also serves beer which is a major plus. My only drawback is the place is a little pricey.  But definitely a spot that I'll be returning to!I was initially reminded of Shake Shack upon entering BurgerFi after quickly glancing around at the aesthetic of the restaurant and scanning the menu; however, BurgerFi's offerings are slightly more creative.  I settled on the Breakfast All Day burger which comes with fried egg, hash browns, bacon, cheese, ketchup, fried onions, and maple syrup; though I omitted the onions and syrup.  The remaining fixings nostalgically reminded me of the breakfast wraps (egg, cheese, hash brown and ketchup) I would eat many a morning before class as a Temple student.  The burger itself was so filling I didn't even need to order fries, though I am sure the fries are great.     Even better, I came during the lunch hour and there was no line! Tired of Shake Shack? Give BurgerFi a try!My boyfriend and I were in town for a convention and decided to check this place out. It definitely reminds me of a mix between Shake Shack and Five Guys. I think the prices are reasonable for the food that you get and our burgers were delicious. They also have a bar area which is a lot different than your typical 'fast food' service burger place (no wait staff). 
I feel like there aren't many options in this direct area (walking distance wise from our hotel) for reasonably priced food after the market closes and BurgerFi hit the spot.I wanted to stop at Reading Terminal Market for lunch, but unfortunately because of Labor Day it was closed. This was right across the street, so we stopped here instead. 
You order at the counter, they give you a buzzer, you find a seat, and wait for your food to be ready. We were there at 2:30 and it was pretty crowded. We had to wait over 30 minutes to get our food which is quite a while for fast food style. 
I got the Breakfast All Day burger and a strawberry custard shake. Both were just ok to me. The burger was a pretty typical fast food burger with some special toppings. I thought it was a little pricey for the quality. 
I probably wouldn't come back again. The service was too slow and the food wasn't good enough to justify the price.Food: I stayed at the nearby Marriott and decided to pick up a quick dinner. I was in a mood for a burger and this was one of the closer choices. So I walked on over and ordered their BurgerFi Breakfast All Day Burger. It was a natural Angus burger with American cheese, hickory bacon drizzled with maple syrup, fried egg, hash browns, grilled diced onions, and ketchup. They gave me a pager to alert me when my burger was ready. It was a short wait before I got my burger. I ate the burger back at my room. It was wrapped in aluminum foil so the burger stayed perfectly warm. It was a pretty decent burger but it was rather small. It was good enough that I might want to try their other burgers on the menu, but I wouldn't go out of my way to come here.
Location: It's conveniently located in Downtown Philly across the street from the Reading Terminal Market. There were a plenty of tables and seats available if you choose to eat inside the restaurant. As with most downtown areas, there were some unsavory characters hanging outside at the entrance smoking and begging for change.Maybe my experience wasn't that great because I ordered a hotdog at a burger joint! Nonetheless, the hotdog wasn't too bad, but it really wasn't that good.
BurgerFi seemed to be very comparable to Shake Shack. The services wasn't very good and the fries weren't that inspiring (soggy in fact). 
I will probably go back and try a burger...maybe...So I ate her last night and it was a very bad experience, ordered my food and it took forever nobody seemed to care that 14 people got their food before me that ordered after me i was #98 and #12 got their food before me .The place is filthy trash all over the floor, broken table that almost fell on my kid, condiment container was empty, trash cans were over flowed.  The manager seemed to not care about any of this . Never again. Oh and they weren't even that busy as you can see in the one picI was very hungry when I came across this location.  It was a nice site for an empty stomach.  The interior is very nice.  The nicest I've been in for a burger joint and it is eco friendly.  They have craft beer and wine for sell and they even have a bar.  The soda fountain is very high-tech and has a large variety of sodas at your dispense.  
They have the normal selection of burgers, but the breakfast all day burger caught my attention.  This burger comes with bacon, maple syrup, and a fried egg.  I was disappointed with the fried egg.  It reminded me of the egg that comes on an Egg McMuffin and the yolk didn't run at all.  Besides the egg, my burger was good.  The fries were very good.  I really enjoyed them.  The service was fast and I saw them promptly cleaning off the tables when people finished eating their meals.  When it comes to hamburgers, this place is not the best in Philly, but the burgers are A-Ok.So I've heard a lot about this place. It happens I was in the area and I enjoy a good burger. I wasn't sure of the exact location but having a place across from RTM, I was hopeful.
Upon arrival the place was empty during a lunch rush. Although the place is very clean, the staff needs to be re trained. I placed my order and was sitting at a table waiting. The girl at the register went to clean tables, she wasn't aware there was a customer who hadn't ordered. A guy who I assume was the manager starts shouting at her, not in private but in front of numerous customers. Even the girl who was waiting stated it wasn't a big deal. That is totally unacceptable! You do not shout at an employee in front of the restaurant or frankly at all.
Now to the food. I ordered the burger fi and the grilled cheese burger melt. The burger fi burger was okay. I'm a big fan of the potato roll. The burger itself left a lot to be desired, mediocre at best. The grilled cheese burger was better, the onions were grilled just right but the bread was a bit burnt. It really took away from the overall taste. The fries were the biggest let down. While they are fresh cut and seasoned well, they were ridiculously greasy. As soon as I bit into one,boom, grease! Not a big fan at all, I think five guys is all around better from the burger to the fries. 2 stars for mediocre burger...Best fries and onion rings. There burger sauce is awesome. Ask for a side to dip fries in. The veggie burger is awesome. We loved the food. It's a cute place. Fun lights and chairs made from coke bottles.This burger joint wasn't horrible but overpriced for what you get IMO. My friend described it well as a cross between Shake Shack and Five Guys. Burgers were nothing great but I admit the fries were perfectly cooked and very comforting. I'd give it 3.5 stars if I could.Order kobe beef burger and found them to be a little bit blend. The fried got a little bit soggy by the time I was home. Price of meal was about 15 bucks. Definitely not worth the price. Don't think I will be returning.Came here to meet up with a friend, located across from Reading  Terminal market, it quite nice, has a full bar., I ordered single burger, which was cooked perfectly, & juicy, we shared the Parmesan fries. The bartender was great& would I return!!???
Absolutely!! They have extensive menu, kobe beef, to vegan patties, very nice for non meat eaters-- 
Great after work spot, nice food & you can get a real drink !! If you want or shake tooI went here last night with a group of people five in total, first the guy at the register was really slow i think there was a register problem but i cant be sure. We got three burgers one dog and a vegi burger a basket of fries and onion rings. Our order took 45 min to receive our whole order i got the brisket burger and onion rings the burger was unremarkable definitely now worth the price, the onion rings were huge not bad but one large one still had the onion skin on ( yuck). In the end they got the order wrong just a bad experience not worth it.
On another note The majority of beef in the US is Angus beef its nothing specialI stopped here with my mom and sister before heading to the airport.  Luckily we got a parking spot right in front, but I think normally you would have to go on a side street or in a parking garage. 
The inside is pretty cool, but we had the dog with us so we sat outside at the panera table and chairs. 
The burgers are a build your own set up mostly and are sold separately from drinks and sides.  I got a single patty with lots of toppings, I thought it was on the smaller side but it was filling.  I split a regular fries with my sister, they were good.  I ordered a root beer float, kinda pricey, but it was the fancy root beer and it was delicious!
I would recommend going there for a good burger and fries!This place popped up by my office so a colleague and I checked it out during happy hour time. Half of the restaurant looks like a typical fast food place- walk up counters, serve yourself drinks, and tables. The other half is a bar. You can order food at the bar, but you have to walk over to the restaurant side to pick your food up when its done and a buzzer indicates it is ready. 
I was more interested in getting a drink than food so I can't comment much on the menu other than it looked interesting and pretty good. It has several "creative" burgers and milkshakes and fries. Toppings are free and plentiful. 
When I visited the bartender wasn't actually a bartender, but filling in for someone who called out. She was very nice and let us know up front that it wasn't her usual gig. I had no problem helping her out to make my drink. A manager (I'm assuming) checked in with us to make sure we were OK and was very friendly.
Overall, this place isn't bad, I just didn't think it was great.Went here yesterday with my girlfriend for our first time. We decided to create our own burgers instead of choosing one of the menu items and we were delightfully satisfied. I had a double with american cheese. bbq sauce grilled onions, an onion ring(which is huge), and a fried egg. When we came in there wasnt a lot of customers and our wait was about 5-8 minutes. It would probably would be longer with a little a bit a rush due to how they prep and cook their food(not complaining just saying). Overall its a good burger spot if you want something different from usual norm. The more choices we have as consumers the better.Terrible experience when there was no rush and no need for it to be terrible. I paid extra for bacon on my burger and there was no bacon. My friend had the nastiest, most overpriced shake she's ever had. The workers weren't even friendly enough to make up for the awful food. Two hours later and I still feel like crap from eating there. Definitely not going again. Only upside is the clean interior and neat decorationsA solid three with potential for a four star. I had the all day breakfast burger and it was very creative and flavorful. I would've hoped that the burgers were a larger size for the money though. The French fries are sold separately from the burger and were a little dry to taste. The atmosphere is a modern industrial feel. For a place that prides themselves on farm fresh ingredients they do allow coca cola drinks and Heinz ketchup.  Help yourself to a beer if you'd like as they do have a decent variety. Would I come back again? Maybe, I just don't think I'd frequent. I would definitely give this place a try though.My wife and I decided to try BurgerFi on a Saturday afternoon.  It is across the street from the Reading Terminal Market, and we wanted to get away from the crowds.  This chain appears to follow in the "upscale fast food" style of Shake Shack.  
My wife had a cheeseburger with their signature sauce, I had the Twenty-Eight burger, and we split an order of Cry and Fry (onion rings and french fries) "Urbanstyle" (a creamy Parmesan garlic sauce).  We had to place a second order because the cashier did not ring up our drinks.  This is the start of why I am rating BurgerFi at 2 stars.  The staff were truly inattentive.
When our food arrived, the Cry and Fry was wrong.  The sauce was not on the dish.  Since we paid an extra $2 for the "urban style", I asked them to fix it.  The cook in the back gave me a bit of an ugly look while he checked the receipt to make sure I was not lying.  I am not very pleased with being looked at like I am trying to cheat them out of sauce after we paid $30 for burgers.
As for the food, it is good.  The burgers were good, and the toppings very fresh.  I do not feel the Twenty-Eight was worth the extra money, but it was by no means a bad burger.  The "Urbanstyle" Cry and Fry was very rich and filling. The sauce was worth the extra money.  The two of us could not finish it, actually.  
If not for the poor service, I would rate BurgerFi somewhere closer to 3-4 stars.  The food is good, and the location convenient to tourists.  That said, I can pick from dozens of good restaurants near BurgerFi where I will receive better service, so this was a one-time visit.Was in the mood for a juicy burger (dieting will do that to you) and my fiancé mentioned that this place was close by...so why not. 
I wanted as much caloric bang for my buck so we decided to "meat the CEO". Those 949 calories are made from the double wagyu, brisket blend, candied bacon tomato jam, truffle aioli and aged Swiss (I took that straight from the menu board). I have to tell ya, this was a juicy burger...all burger, none of those frills like a lettuce leaf or a slice of tomato or onion. I loved it, was so good...melty cheese all over my fingers. We had a side of fries and they were super hot and fresh. I appreciated that they were covered in extra salt which sometimes makes fries completely unpalatable to me. The price was ok, 2 CEO's and a side of fries came up to ~$27...a little pricey but the burger was good so you're getting what you pay for. 
Anywhoo, I can't eat this type of food often but this was a nice treat. (Also why I didn't try dessert, I can't go overboard with the treats.) bonus, I am keeping track of my macros and it was super easy to find the nutritional information for all their menu items online. 
You might also enjoy the interesting burger names such as The Conflicted (and angus burger and a veggie burger). Haha. CuteI like this place. It's tasty, has a fun feel, and they serve beer! I'd recommend it unconditionally, except...
They are less than a block away from the Convention Center, and they just cannot handle the volume. It can take more than half an hour to get your food, the ketchup has been out for weeks, and there's just a general sense of barely keeping it together.
Only go when there's nothing at the Convention Center and off peak hours, otherwise, food quality aside, you are not likely to have an enjoyable experience.COMPLAINT: On my birthday, we went to the Philly location for lunch, and were overcharged by $10.00. The manager assured us the money would be credited back to our account within 3-5 business days. In fact, the money was never credited back. After not properly receiving our money as promised, we called the restaurant and we were again promised, by the manager, that the issue would be resolved within a day or two. Nevertheless, Burger Fi again failed to credit the money it had improperly taken from our account. When we followed up a third, fourth, and fifth time, we were either hung up on, promised a call back from the general manager without ever receiving a call back, or met with groans and sighs by the unprofessional employees on the other end of the telephone. It appears the company is too incompetent to issue simple credit card refunds when a customer is overcharged. Not only was this experience extremely inconvenient, but also very insulting. When your employees were unable and/or unwilling to figure out how to refund our money, they simply gave up. Apparently our business is not important, so we will never be coming back.Ate lunch there this afternoon after walking/driving by this place for the last few months with a coworker.  We had read some reviews and wanted to see which ones were true.
Walked up to the counter and perused the menu.  Since I haven't eaten here yet, I went with a basic double cheeseburger.  The burger was a lil on the small side, but I didn't want to get too full because the wife was making macaroni for dinner, so it was all good...this time.
The burger was quite tasty.  The meat was seasoned just right and their house sauce was flavorful.  The lettuce and tomato, on the other hand, were pretty pathetic.  The lettuce was a grayish-clearish-beige and the tomato was an iridescent pink and lacked any type of flavor, so I took it off the burger.
One real positive was the soda machine was a gazillion flavors.  All restaurants should have one of those.
I will be back.  There were a few items on the menu that looked very good.  I noticed another person's onion rings and was tempted to ask for one, but I will wait until next time.  They looked amazing! 
The biggest drawback to this place, in my opinion, was the pricing.  I don't mind paying descent money for a burger, but I do want to either be full or have leftovers, but as I said, I will be back.
Oh yea...get some fresher veggies for your burgers too.  Tomatoes should be red and lettuce should be green.
Good luck, Burgerfi!Always kind and helpful service, plus a vast amount of options for someone wanting something new and tasty, or a safe burger with everything you know you love. definitely a go-to burger jointOrdered a cheeseburger, regular fries, and a fountain drink - came out to $16. Extremely overpriced for small quantity & subpar quality. The fact that a fountain drink is $3 is ridiculous.For incredible fresh burgers and quick service this is your place. Really good fast food done right!I mistakenly ordered the Beyond Burger and did not read that it was plant based and not beef. Will was working the counter and nice enough to let me switch it with beef burger. Thank you Will for the great customer service.The place wasn't that crowded but we had to fight for seats. We had to wait almost thirty minutes for a burger and hot dog, and when they got to us, they were stone cold. Also, a flyer said they would give us free custard if we liked them on FB, but when we did, they said they were "out." Do not recommend.My fiancé and I wanted to go to Reading Terminal, but it was closed by the time we got there, so we came here. Great menu.... But the girl who took our order looked like she hated her life. She barely spoke a word and had an angry look on her face the whole time we were ordering. We sat down and waited for literally 25 minutes. My fiancé got up to check on the order and was told the Cry+Fry onion rings were taking a while. So he asked for our burgers, which they gave us. Decent burgers. Then we kept waiting. Nothing. Finally, he just went up and asked for a refund for the onion rings, since we literally ordered 40 minutes earlier. 
OK food, good atmosphere.... Bad service.FANTASTIC SERVICE, Awesome Happy Hour, Great Burgers, Great Onion Rings
Prices were really fantastic -
$3 Draft beers during Happy Hour (4pm-7pm; 10pm-2am).
$7 Cheese Burger that was delicious
Craft Beer Selection was medium sized, but well-selected.
Bartender was really nice, enthusiastic, and attentive.  
Only warning is to avoid the Peanut Butter Milkshake unless you like to drink liquified peanut butter - just way too much artificial peanut butter taste (like eating the inside of a Peanut Butter Cup without the chocolate)Love the organic and all natural food! The burgers were delicious. I got the CEO while my wife got built her own. Both were amazing! We also got the parm and herbs fries which were good, but not great. Very dry. Overall very good. But I'll get regular fries next time. PS a single fries to share is enough.Good quality, not very fast, friendly service, good onion rings, good ambient! Easy to find!!I have to stick with giving that place a bad review. And it gets worse the longer I think about it. 
The food was good. The burger was good. Slightly better than five guys. But it was overpriced. And despite pretending it was otherwise, it was a hamburger.
Don't label yourself "burgers for foodies." Just don't use the word foodies, or whatever new trendy term you learned and want to show off. Prove it. 
And the atmosphere was horrible. If burger fi was a person, it would be some obnoxious, over the top, full of himself inauthentic hipster. Who thinks he's cooler than you because his daddy's rich and he knows a few buzz words. 
And maybe learn the fundamentals of table placement before creating cramped, overcrowded seating areas where nobody has enough room to sit or stand. 
And lose the communal tables. It's a burger joint. You feed carnivores. Nobody wants to sit and stare at strangers attack and devour a slab of meat. 
And, burger fi, don't you ever, ever again use you word craft beer when you have bud light on display. 
You know what burger fi? Shut up. You're a McDonald's with some fancy clothes you bought with money somebody else earned. No amount of steampunk lighting fixtures or fake hipster beards is gonna change that.We ordered ahead for take out 3 times since we work close by - each time there was something missing, 2 times we were charged for it.  Once we had to wait 20+ minutes for our take out order and the associate said that they were "waiting on fries" (as fries were coming out of the kitchen).  The CEO Burger was really good but the wait times, unfriendly staff and numerous issues with our orders means we won't be back.My dad and I were a little disappointed coming into Philly right as the Reading Terminal Market closed, as we chose our hotel for its close proximity. After walking a few blocks in a few different directions in search of dinner with little success, we decided to try out the cute burger place we'd passed on the way in. 
Man, was that a good choice!
Burgerfi has absolutely amazing burgers. Neither of us expected much since we come from a place with mostly subpar burger joints, so when we took those first bites - Wow! Both of us were totally impressed! Not only was it just the right amount of "soggy/firm," but it also tasted pretty beautiful. I strongly suggest trying out some burger-sauce combos on the "build your better" part of the menu (my one, only, and happiest combination being ketchup, yellow mustard, burgerfi sauce, and cheese sauce). They had awesome customer service, awesome burgers, great atmosphere, and delicious onion rings. The fries were not my favorite compared to the rest of the food, but were definitely not bad. Overall, it was a great surprise and a happy way to end the day!stopped in BurgerFi today for the first time and it was packed. i was anxious to compare it to five guys which ive always felt was way overrated. i made sure to check their menu offerings at home online before going just to speed up the ordering process when i arrived. they seem to have what most every burger joint has, a selection of customizable burgers, hot dogs, fries, etc. i went with four friends and because we had to hold our table, two of us stayed behind while the other three ordered. although we only ordered maybe five mins after the first three it seemed to take alot longer for our food to come. 
on to the food. the burgers were just okay. nothing spectacular. maybe just a little bit better than five guys (which isnt really hard to accomplish in my opinion). the fries were really good but not quite as good as five guys. the real standout at BurgerFi though would have to be their ginormous onion rings. these things are COLOSSAL. i will be gong back JUST for onion rings and fries. overall it wasnt a bad experience but i was expecting just a little bit more from the burgers. i would recommend hitting this place early to avoid crowds but that could very well be impossible due to its centralized location. 
and btw, the chairs in this place SUCK. they are extremely small and offer ZERO back support and are very difficult to even drape your coat/jacket over.Not impressed at all.. 
First off, this place is way to expensive for what you get. The "Double" burger is the size of a Junior Cheeseburger from Wendy's and you get nothing on the side with your meal. If my 10 dollars plus for my drink, burger and fries were bad enough, the burger that they served me was charred to a Crisp. 
I'm all about Grass fed, no GMO beef and all that happy crap. But come on. This does not mean you can screw the consumer with pitiful Morsels of beef just because it's Organic..   
I'll give a star for the beer and wine options but that's it. For the money you spend in this over hyped, trendy fast food joint it's not worth it. Go across the street to the Reading Terminal Market for a real meal!"Welcome to BurgerFi" is what you're greeted with by a cheery employee. I'm OK with that. Grilled Mushrooms are a $1 extra?! I'm not OK with that. Went there to build my own burger and I felt like from the moment I walked in, this place had a very Shake Shack feel, right down to the presentation. Mind you, Shake Shack doesn't have its name stamped on the bun. Generally speaking, I think it's a good burger, but easily forgettable. I had the onion rings and felt like it had more batter than onion, so that was a turn-off. They have beer and beer makes everything better.The Burger was okay, but not the size. Specially if it's the most expensive one on the menu I'd expected to get way more. They are friendly yes, but also pretty slow preparing your food. The location is okay but wouldn't be my favorite choice.As burger joints go most are run of the mill. The difference with this place was the great staff. My family walked in here on a Friday around noon after having to leave Reading Terminal because it was just too packed. The cashiers were SOO friendly to our party which included a tired, hungry & cranky little one. Our burgers were great. Loses one star because the onion rings are too large and have too much onion in relation to the breading.Visiting from Texas and this is literally this best burger I've had this year. YumI felt like I was in the twilight zone. We were going to go to panera and saw this next store so we decided to try it instead. I mistakenly assumed it would be akin to a gourmet fast food joint. After waiting about 15 minutes after ordering we started to notice a lot of customers returning to the counter to complain. Two guests got their money back and left after waiting for who knows how long. Several more had mistakes with their orders or other issues. Are they just incompetent? Do they regularly have this many complaints? When the food came out it was not bad but the experience left much to be desired.Our burgers were great and our bartender Brian was awesome!! Very friendly and very knowledgeable about the beers. Gave us a great choice in Hoegaarden. Thanks Brian! We will definitely be back.Love their burgers; I just build my own! And the red velvet milk shake? Yummmy! Oh, their onion ring are my favorite and they have really nice customer service!Did not try the burger but fries and onion rings were pretty good! Oh and the Custard was good too!Pretty basic stuff, nothing special. Overpriced for what it is. I got a large fry, burger + onion ring and bacon for $15. Burger was ok, pretty small though. Fries were good because handcut but they were hard and seemed like they were sitting for a little bit. Wouldn't come back here again, especially if it was the afternoon since Reading Terminal is right across the street and you could get much better food there.My burger was fatty and burnt and had an awful taste. My fries were burnt and the cheese was horrible. I actually threw it all out. All of my original request that were on the menu I was told they ran out of. Go to Shake Shack it is the best burger in the city.I'm not quite sold on BurgerFi. My group ended up there last night since we were a) starving and b) needing a glutton free option. BurgerFi was close by and hit both criteria. 
Don't get me wrong, I enjoyed my burger. I had a double cheeseburger and picked American cheese, jalapeno, sport beans, onions, lettuce and bacon. I asked for hot sauce, but they forgot it. The patties weren't huge and the burger was greasy. As I mentioned earlier, I was starving and do have a greasy-food appreciation every so often. The fries were actually a little dry and didn't really have much flavor. Hot sauce would have really come in handy there.
The overall atmosphere was still a little too fast-food like to warrant the cost. You pay at the counter and then pick up your food when the buzzer goes off. You also get your own beverage from the fountain. The other BurgerFi I've been to had bottled and draft beer, but I'm not sure if this location had alcohol services yet. There was a completely empty, un-stocked bar and drafts without taps. 
It was fine in a fix, but I'm definitely sticking to the Standard Taps and Good Dogs of the city for my burger needs.This establishment was EXACTLY what I needed. Good hotdog, good beer, good prices. 
Vibes were 100% chill and we will definitely be back. 
All day $5.50 pitchers?? Sign me up. 
Staff was friendly and helpful.
Decor is funky and inviting!Delicious. I got the veggie burger without the bun. Not all veggie burgers are created equal & this one won't disappoint. I also ordered the old fashioned root beer milkshake. You get to select the pop of your choice from the old fashioned glass bottles & they give you the bottle. The Parmesan fries with herbs with garlic aioli was AMAZING! Best I've had, even better than capital grill. You're doing yourself a disservice if you don't try them.Maybe I just caught them on an off night. My burger was on a par with what I used to be served at White Tower. Greasy, spongy and flavorless. The hipster atmosphere is nice, but it doesn't matter if the burgers are simply dreadful, which mine was.
The cheapest ground beef you can buy at the supermarket is 80-20. Eighty percent meat, 20 percent fat. If I had to guess, I'd say the ground beef at BurgerFi was cheaper still. Burger King tastes much better than what I was served. That's sad.
Service was great, and the guy behind the counter was polite and helpful--almost too helpful, valiantly trying to up-sell me on everything from the fries to happy hour. It was a pressure of the sort that I do not appreciate anywhere.
One odd note: They gave me one of those buzzy light-up thingies to let me know when my burger was ready, which would have been just the thing if they were busy. I was the only one in the joint until a another couple wandered in.
Very high prices for a burger that doesn't measure up to fast food.If zero was a choice, I would give that. Truly terrible. I waited 20 minutes for my burger. It didn't have the right toppings. The bun was burnt beyond recognition. The burger was burnt to crunchy. After 45 minutes my friend didn't get his burger. He got a refund. He was the lucky one.Went here on a Friday night after the 3 other places we tried were completely full and loud, Lolita's, some bar in the back alley next to it and a Chili's. On the plus side it was literally next door to our hotel (the same building actually).  I had the CEO burger, I've had wagyu burgers and dogs before and all those other times they were just way too expensive disappointments that tasted worse than the regular meat version. The CEO burger was great and juicy though. It was still a pretty expensive burger for a fast food place, I mean the ingredients themselves were high quality and expensive, but still more than $10 for a burger. 
The onion rings were HUUUUGGGEEEE and delicious, really crunchy. They were missing some fancy sauces to go with them. Just your standard ketchup mustard and mayo packets.Best burgers, awesome staff, full bar and healthy options. Can't imagine going anywhere else!...good burger, decent beer selection. expect a 'tude in typical philly fashion. as usual, i'm surprised by the ratings as the just okay sushi place down the road gets 4 stars and this 3. This is reversed fo sho.I was allured by the new spot but this really isn't worth it.
Go for the fries, but don't waste your money on the burgers. The portion is way too small for way too high of a price. 
The fries on the other hand are fantastic. 
I do like that there is a bar and the overall atmosphere is enjoyable and roomy, but those burgers are just not worth the price.
Sorry.Better than I expected. The prices are somewhat on the higher side, but maybe it's because of the location?
The burgers are good. Moist. But, it's like a Five Guys. Double patty, and it's not cooked to order.  They do have their own signature sauce, which seemed like it was Russian dressing based, so good. The toppings on for your burger are limited to only 3 of the maybe 7-8 available, but that was plenty. I wouldn't recommend getting more. 
Fries were great. The large order is a huuuuge order. Crispy, hot, awesome.
The service was friendly, but not good. I ordered a merlot, but they didn't have any left since they ran out (7pm on a Tuesday). I asked for the Cabernet instead and they confirmed they do have that. After paying, we waited at our table for our number to be called. Cashier came over to say they actually were out of red altogether.  I didn't want white wine with my burger, but it was that or process a return. So I took the white. Came out in a plastic cup and seemed to be about 5 oz. Not worth it.
I probably wouldn't eat here given a choice, since five guys is comparable and slightly cheaper, but I don't mind eating here again. Pass on the wine. And beware the beef brisket burger. $9 for that is not worth the premium over the $6 burgerfi burger.Unexpected good food. Burgers are fresh and tastes way better than any other place. Organic is the way to go I guess. Nice bar shame I have to go to work.I am only in philly for the second time, so I had never heard of Burgerfi before. However being from New York I am well acquainted with this type of classy burger joint. They have been a new trendy thing popping up everywhere in the NYC area for a few years now. However Burgerfi exceeded my expectations. 
I was with a group that had food restrictions so we could only order the onion rings and french fries (largest sizes of each) and it was more than enough for the 5 of us to snack on. To make it a little more interesting I asked Shandae (I got the name of the lady at the register because she was that good) for a bunch of the sauces too. Many restaurant workers get annoyed with this kind of request, especially with customers who are just snacking. However not only was Shandae totally cool about it, but I got little sides of alllllll their fry toppings- all the sauces/seasonings, the melted cheese and chilli! 
After such an amazing experience I cannot wait to return when I can order burgers too. While the food being well above average was part of why my dining experience was so great, it is even more because of how amazing Shandae's service was- the perfect blend of friendly, professional, and understanding!Order the veggie burger it's good. I wish they had turkey or chicken but only beef and veggie. They are a little pricey. The place was clean and no wait.  I liked the decor. The fries are excellent.I am the meeting planner for a conference moving into town and I worked a 12 hour day. I wanted something nearby and easy for dinner so I decided to do online ordering at Burger Fi for convenience. The reason I am giving it only 4/5 instead of 5/5 is because they got my order wrong. I ordered a double with a fried egg and in the comments asked for one Quinoa and one beef burger. I got two beef burgers. 
The staff there was very friendly and that is why I am giving it three stars.... I am not sure why someone below said they are standoffish as that was not my experience at all. I even watched the cashier wait on others and she was very friendly and personal and I like that.
The other reason I am giving it 3 stars is because of the amazing fries! The burger was OK, but I wish I had gotten what I ordered. It was waaaay too much beef for me to eat so I could not even finish the burger even though I was still a little hungry. Good thing I had those fries to fill me up. 
I am here for another week so I may try the place again, but I know it is going to get crowded once my 5,000 attendees arrive so I may not since i wont want to wait in line after my 12-14 hour days and I am worried about ordering online again...
All in all it is not a bad place and I will hopefully get a chance to give it another try...Well, all i can say is yum!  Great upscale burgers you can design any way you like!  I did a custom job with double patties, lettuce, bacon, tomato and a fried egg (because I could!). Oh! .... When we were there, $3.00 beer (domestic or import!).  How bad is that!?  The burger and fries were fresh, service was friendly and fast, and the place had a great ambiance. Great place for lunch or casual dinner.Came here for lunch on New Years Day. My friend and I arrived and there was no wait in line, we ordered quickly, and got beers too. We found a table right away too which was nice as it was very crowded. When we were waiting for our food the line went from nothing to being out the door! So definitely got there at the right time. Food came up pretty quick and it seems dramatic to give a burger joint 5 stars, but everything was AWESOME. I got a simple burger and my girlfriend got a veggie burger w/ fries. This was one of the tastiest burgers I've gotten to enjoy in a long time! 
While sitting we were also offered complimentary ice cream. Is this place heaven? 
It's a bit pricey, but I definitely will be back when I'm around this part of the city again!Expensive, the bread is delicious, but the meet is some what oily.
They were out of zero cock but still they have great options for soft drinks.I have eaten at the upscale burger spots and this is one of them.  I was in town for the weekend and wanted a burger.  The market was closed so this was my choice.  From the beginning, the experience lacked.  There was an event at the convention center and clearly, BurgerFi could not handle this.  20 minutes to get to the single cashier (it was so long I thought about adding the app to my phone to order but we don't have BurgerFi's back home).  She read back an order at 100MPH which nobody would figure out but a couple of things bugged me.  I let each person order in our party but they somehow only managed to get 3 burgers.  I wanted a single large Cry+Fry and they only come in one size (with 3 onion rings) so I ordered one large fry, one large onion ring but 2 onion rings came.  40 more minutes of wait to find out my burger was missing.  The manager's answer was "That's what the receipt says, wait in line and order it right."  I went and waited again, in a fortunately shorter line.  If there had been another choice that I knew about, this would not have happened.  Summary, 4 burgers, 3 sodas and a bottled tea and 2 onion rings + fry and we were at $70.   The food?  tiny burgers, reasonable taste, well seasoned.  Onion rings were so so, fries nicely seasoned.  Drinks from cups too small.  The drink machines were missing half the base drinks in each machine.  One was out of Coke & Diet Coke.  Go figure.  The machine are right next to a long table making availability impossible.  There's a wall next to the bathroom hallway that would have made sense for one of the machines but not here.
Go next door and eat Panera.  At least it's consistent.  Go anywhere else, this is a miss.  It only got 2 stars for good flavor.  Service, price and layout make this a miss.My first visit here and I was impressed with the copious amount of fresh cut, hot and crispy French fries (a la Five Guys *sorry*) Don't get me wrong, the burgers here are moderately priced and worth a try but I am a sucker for crispy, fresh cut friesSimply put the best burger, beer and bar combo in Center City.  Centrally located everywhere the weekend tourist will be or resident hipster resides make it the perfect place to drop in when the burger bug bites.  There are many good things which surprised me about this particular location.   The interior is exceptionally well laid out in that there is lots of room between tables making it a great place to go if you are feeling claustrophobic from your SEPTA adventure or recovering from a long wait coming over from one of the bridges from Jersey at peak times.  Have a large group, the size and spacing of the tables will delight you (think German Brauhaus tables).   I also expected a few taps of mass produced beer to complement my burger and fries, which were exceptionally fresh tasting and made with care as I ordered them, but was greeted by at least 8 taps of craft brews from around the US - I went with an IPA I had never ran across which was outstanding.   Below the bar is a glass cased 'fridge with an equally impressive assortment of bottled brew.  Looking to watch a game and thirsty for something with a bit more bite or class, widescreen TV's adorn the walls and a full bar is ready for just about whatever you have in mind in the spirits or wine category.   Looking to eat and drink outside, this is your place as seats and tables out front await your tired, hungry fresh-air starved behind.  In summary, I went in on a whim hoping for a good burger... I left knowing I found a spot that offered not only a superb burger but also the ambiance and liquid nourishment I seek in the very few places I call my neighborhood bar when I'm in town.I really like their deal. Half burger bar, half actual bar. Open late (I'm talking 2am), and the kitchen closes a half hour earlier. And I was surprised to find out that BurgerFi is a chain -- with locations all in Florida & even NYC (but it's on the East Side?! Ugh). This particular BurgerFi location is great. Just an easy walk from all the hotels surrounding City Hall, and across the street from Reading Terminal Market.
Now with that said, I tried BurgerFi a few times during my visit to Philly. I feel like I shouldn't be judged for the amount of food I tried, because it was spread over several days!
----------------------------------------------
BurgerFi Burger (Single only) -- Good! I don't think I care for the sauce, which I suspect is mayo-based. But the burger meat itself was so good. Really fresh, really nicely cooked.
Chicken Apple Hot Dog (Plain) -- Delicious. Huge, filling, and definitely didn't make you feel gross afterward. Really great, even without any toppings. I couldn't think of anything to top it with that would go with chicken apple, anyway. Maybe a slaw or relish? Ehh. Plain was perfectly fine. No complaints.
Fries -- I had them both plain & with the Parmesan & Herbs topping. Honestly I don't think the parmesan added anything to the fries. It didn't really "stick" to the fries, & I ended up with a lot of tasty crumbs on the bottom of my container. But you know what? The fries were so good on their own. Cut fresh, with skin still attached, & fried perfectly crispy. I'll probably skip the toppings in the future.
Coke Float -- YUM. A very generous scoop of vanilla ice cream & an ENTIRE MEXICAN COKE. How can you not?! So good. 
Orange Cow -- Same thing as a Coke Float, but with a bottle of orange soda instead of the coke. Also very delicious. Tastes like a yummy orange creamsicle dessert.
----------------------------------------------
On second thought, it's probably good that there aren't any BurgerFi locations super close to where I live. This could be the beginning of a dangerous habit ...Service quick and friendly but let down by the food. Got something simple for my first visit- hot dog vienna style with kraut b mustard and vanilla shake. Over $10 for a single dog and a shake. Very pricey. Hot dog was thoroughly gross. How ca u mess up a simple hot dog with sauerkraut? Ask these guys because i don't know. Honestly the milkshake just tasted downright weird! Maybe malted? Too much malt? Couldn't put my finger on it. I was going to wait and try the burger 'next time' but there wont be a next time. Way way way too pricey for sub par food. Not for lack of effort though!!!To be honest, I was only here because this place was part of a tour of an architecture conference I was attending. The interior of the place kind of has a Shake Shack kind of feel, industrial type. The lighting fixtures were actually pretty interesting and cool, so the actual atmosphere of the place was pretty good for a burger joint. They do have a bar though, which is pretty interesting. A few of my friends were on other tours and didn't receive any freebies, but I decided to go on a different tour and lucked out because Burgerfi was kind enough to offer us free chocolate milkshakes. The milkshakes were so good. They were pretty thick, so it took awhile to actually finish, but it wasn't like it was difficult to slurp it up either. It was well appreciated, no doubt! 
There was something about the floors of the place that were kind of gross though. They definitely had a sticky feeling all around. You could feel your shoes just sticking to everything. :/I will start by saying that the burger, onion rings and fries were great. If that is all you're concerned about you can go here and be happy. 
Other than that, this is a poor imitation of Shake Shack. The menu was clunky and poorly organized, making it hard to order. The pricing was needlessly complicated, which meant I felt like I was not sure that I trusted the charges on the receipt. The cashier was rude -- maybe other people who work there are aren't. The experience wasn't thought through. For example, giant onion rings and tiny ketchup cups that you can't dip an onion ring in.  Signage says beer but their beer tap is shut down. 
I'll go to Shake Shack next time.Stopped in because a lot of our friends have been raving about this place. It was good food. The music was to loud for the cashier to hear our order properly, so she got it wrong. That being said it was pretty good. Tasted a lot like Wendy's, and the fries were over done. Still would I come back? Yes I would. Hopefully next time or order is correct.We came here after the Comic con. It was a quick walk from the convention center. Although it seem to be a lot going on out of the street it was not crowded. We ordered easily. Two burgers, cry and fry, milk shake and two drinks came to 34 dollars. The food was good. No problems with my order and I really enjoyed the onion rings. My daughter got the veggie burger which she liked, I got the breakfast all day burger. It was good, wish it had more bacon. I gave this place 3 stars for a few reasons. It did not seem very clean. I had to wipe my table off. Second, the soda machines which offered a lot of flavors were out. Lastly the music was really loud. Because it was that crowded it seemed extra loud. Lol...and I just let someone from a table close to me take the last napkins out of the holder on my table. But...the food was good.The atmosphere was really nice.
The foods was about average
The service was pretty awful. 
Friday night about 7pm
They didn't have their liquor license up to date so they're was no 'craft beer'
Their soda machines were broken so they're was no drinking at all. 
The veggie burger was decent. But there was too much thousand island dressing 
(Save you r money walk to trader Joe's and buy their veggie burger and tomato chutney)
The brisky business was okay. Actually it was over done and didn't leave an impression; this is a burger place needs to leave an impression.
I did appreciate that they had a meat alternative!!!Finally open! As the place is literally right next door to our office, it was highly anticipated. Having said that, here goes my review for Shake Sha... I mean BurgerFi.
It's essentially a Shake Shack. Unless a "concrete" is actually something, but I've just never heard of until Shake Shack, it feels way too similar. They even use the same buzzers to let you know your burger is done. 
The food is good, made with quality ingredients. You can tell that it's not just your typical fast food burger, but at the same time, nothing really stands out. 
Would  I go again? Yes. It is literally the closest place to eat from my workplace. Would I go if I was craving a burger? Yes. Would I ever crave the taste of these burgers/fries? Probably not. Would I go out of my way to go here? No.
They do have a bar as well. I haven't had a chance to check it out, but they do have craft beers. Maybe I'll drop by after work and check that out.Great veggie burger   Fries are good as well. Onion rings are huge. Good beer selection.Burgers are so soft and flavorful. Price is about the same as other burger joints like Shakeshack. The only complaint I have is that it's a little oily. But hey taste delicious. Wait is usually a little bit because it's pretty packed.Deliciously tasty burger, nice atmosphere, a liquor license and a friendly staff - what more can you ask for! I found the burger to be less greasy and equally as tasty to shake shack and five guys so that was a plus. The only reason I didn't give five stars was due to a long wait time! :) The first time we went on a Saturday and the wait was over forty minutes - we just went on a Wednesday at 4:00 and were able to get a burger within ten minutes so that wasn't bad! :) We will be back.Great place went there while I was visiting the auto show. Great food and service.sat at the bar and the bartender was very courteous made you feel welcome to eat there and have a beer. I had mentioned to him I work in the industry and got a discount which was cool I will def repeat again when I go back.Similar to Five Guys, although BurgerFi offers beer! . With that being said if you like a good burger and beer this is the place to go. Prices are similar than five guys so that's just FYI tip for you. I do not drink so I can't tell you how the beer was. Also, the onion rings are abnormally big, but they are tasty! Make sure they drain them from being cooked in the deep fryer though.I'm currently at BurgerFi for lunch and I can't say that I'm super impressed. I ordered two Breakfast All Day burgers and not only were they not that spectacular, but they also took forever to come out. After ordering I still waited for about 30 minutes to get them. Definitely no competitor for Shake Shack whose burgers are twice as good.Stopped in here for lunch and it was a little crammed with the way they have it laid out.. It was hard to get around.. I ordered a bacon cheeseburger and cheeseburger kids combo.. The weight was a little long and it wasn't that busy.. However the burger was one of the best I've ever had!! Perfectly cooked and juicy.. The fries were great as well! Service was friendly and the place was clean. I would go here again if I have the extra money to spare because it is on the expensive sideWe just wanted milkshakes. Easy, right? Unfortunately, the shakes we got--one chocolate, one black and white with a peanut butter swirl--both had a pervasive sour tang that built up on the tongue and made the actual shake flavors impossible to taste. I don't know if it's the shake machine or the custard itself, but neither of us could finish our shakes, and we're certainly not going back.Nothing really special. I had the vegefi burger and was rather disappointed. The portion size was small. It's really just an average burger joint and is little pricy for what you get. The fries are decent, but nothing special. The only plus is the burgerfi sauce, its pretty good.I've been to this location before, and I've had a good experience all those other times. However from this one bad experience I really can't ever come back. I was having a hard time hearing the cashier's question, and she was nice throughout all of this. Sadly, the coworker working on the cashier next to her was not as nice and suddenly screamed the question she was asking. Both of us were shocked and that made the whole ordeal awkward. The food is good and all, but I'm definitely not coming back ever again with how shitty service this is.
Update: To the customer care rep,
I tried typing in that link, I'm guessing it expired or something because it wouldn't go through.Fantastic burgers. I ate one then had to build my own right after it. All the ingredients are fresh according to my palate. The only reason I didn't give 5 stars is because I thought it was slightly overpriced, and the patties are on the smaller scale. Only had the burger and not sure how the fries or onion rings are but they look delicious.They suck!! The burgers are overpriced no flavor and the bar is dirty!! I sat at the bar  and had to fight fruit flies from touching my drinks. The service was not efficient. First the burger I got was little and with no flavor the fries seemed to he overlooked and flavorless too until I added a topping I guess that's the trick for flavor pay more. Anyway very disorganized everything was everywhere it took forever for me to get 2 burgers which I say again was flavorless. Whateva you do don't sit at the bar unless you wanna dance and share you drink and food with the fruit fliesI just had lunch at BurgerFi for the first time. I had the beyond meat veggie burger green style. It was delicious!! I was happy that you could get the sandwiches on lettuce instead of a roll- and the burger was so good. We also had onion rings which were tasty and huge. I want to go back and have a drink- was surprised to see a bar! The only issue is that it took a little longer than expected to get the food but it was very good once we got it.Just another upper class burger wanna be place. 
Close to shakeshak but not there (saying this as a burger joint evangelist)
Not bad but not great and nyc prices in phillyHad an issue and wanted to follow up online, so I asked the manager for his first name. Refused to provide name for some time, then he said he would give me his card and went to the back and never returned. Very unprofessional...
Melissa in the front, on the other hand, was great! Always warm and friendly.Let's talk atmosphere: 
I love it If you want to really be exact it's a STAR-BUCKS burger place atmosphere lol! Which is amazing! TO ME!
They have plenty of tables & there's TVS everywhere so it's very comfortable for a group or just 2 or yourself!
Let's talk service: 
They do not bring food to your table.. BUT they have this little buzzer device exactly like when you dine at a restaurant, just like that so when your food is done instead of them yelling your name you know to come up & pick your food up! 
The young lady at the cashier was EXTREMELY HELPFUL! I told her it was my 1st time & she helped me out completely as to what will be good to add to my burger & so on & so fourth! I loved that! 
Let's talk FOOD: 
Amazing!!! Potatoe bread for the burgers which is amazing to me (more calories lol but great for cheat days ) 
Our French fries I did not like !!! They were steak fries
But over all the burger was Great! My fiancée got a milkshake & he says that was great! On top of that they make it w real fruits so HUGE PLUS FOR ME!Went here on a Friday night after the flower show. It was pretty crowded but we were able to get  a table. It was dirty though.
I got a double burger with cheese, bacon, and a fried egg. The burger was pretty good. I enjoyed every bite and it filled me up. The fries were ok too.
They have the fancy coke machines which I love.
Got a chocolate milkshake- because they ran out of all of the other ice cream. Kind of disappointing but the shake was good. 
The wait for food wasn't too bad. 
Overall it was pretty good- I think the price was a bit high though.Our group ordered the BurgerFi Cheeseburger, All Day Burger and the summer special. We  split a regular (but still huge) order of "urban fries." The herb/parm topping and aoli sauce was tasty and unique. We all really enjoyed the food and thought the burgers were 100 percent better (less greasy, beefier tasting, juicy, good/varied toppings) than 5 Guys or Shake Shake burgers.  Being able to order a nice beer or glass of wine with our meals was a plus.  If you are not on a tight schedule and have the patience to wait for your food (in our case @25 minutes) when the place is slammed with conventioneers, you might want to check it out.Fries and onion rings good. The burger was ok just thought the meat was a little bland. Would go back just would ask for extra sauce on burger.The place looks great but there ends the positive. McDonalds level service, seriously over cooked burger, minuscule toppings. How does one make blue cheese bland!? By putting a tsp on a burger. Ok the fries were pretty good. Took way too long to get our food. It should be simple to do this limited menu well.Just take a look at all the pictures and notice how unappetizing the food looks here. You can say not to judge a book by its cover, but the cover here is pretty darn accurate. 
We got the brisket burger (which is more expensive than the normal burger), fries, shake, and the breakfast burger. 
The brisket burger is supposed to be some special dry-aged business, but it tasted EXACTLY the same as the patty from the breakfast burger. On top of that, it was burnt and TINY. 
The breakfast burger was so tiny it made the whole burger just taste like EGGS. I don't know what logic they're using if the egg takes up 1/2 your burger and the patty only takes up 1/10. 
The fries were simply soggy and old. 
Now the shake was actually pretty good, and is the only thing I actually WOULD'VE returned for, but my night here ended with my PURSE GETTING STOLEN. Yes, don't let the outside glamour of this place fool you! MY PURSE GOT STOLEN HERE. The manager offered to check the videos, but in actuality, never did. This just shows how little they care for their customers and their safety if a purse is able to get stolen and they do ABSOLUTELY nothing about it. At least pretend you care?Mediocre food combined with rude, inefficient, inattentive staff. Used the app to order my food and they "lost" my order. Food was over 30 minutes late. Also, I was charged for a milkshake, but their machine was broken and they were "unable" to refund my money for the shake. Tried to speak to the manager and he simply walked away. OVOID THIS LOCATIONThe only thing this place has is a beer w your burger. Better burgers w Five Guys, Bobby Flays etc. I will say Summer is cute and fun.This place has good hamburgers and the chili fries have been very delicious. However the concept of where to get which kinds of beer was not very clear for me as a new customer. Also the guy who took our order was rather rude and instead of asking excuse me of he didn't understand the different orders he only went whaaat?!  So that's something that definitely should be improved. Also unfortunately the onion rings were lacking some flavoring. But other then that it is a place to go if you are very hungry and want a hamburger instead of one of the million different foods at reading terminal market.The best local burger in the city, but not my favorite type of burger. I am Wendy type of guy, where it has more juicy meat. I will not call BurgerFi dry because is a different type. Try it and make your own opinion.I have never in my life have I ever had a worse experience at a restaurant or received worse customer service. I would give zero stars if I could. I ordered a green burger. Was told they were out of lettuce. No big deal, I just ordered the burger without a bun. I ordered a burger with mushrooms and a side of fries. I waited for over 20 minutes. I told the manager working the counter the forks were empty. He said "sorry, we're out". I asked how I was supposed to eat a burger without a bun without silverware. He repeated "sorry, we're out". I looked down at my sad excuse of a hamburger patty (looked like 1/8 pound of meat) and asked where is my mushrooms? He then said "sorry we're out." He was saying he was sorry, but he was completely unapologetic. He didn't offer any other toppings, nothing. He just stood there like a dick with a nasty look on his face. I said- well I guess I'll just have my money back. He said "okay" and nothing else and refunded my card. The amount didn't look correct, but he walked away so I couldn't inquire. I'll have to check with my credit card company in the morning. After wasting 20 minutes I left hungry and furious. I don't have a single nice thing to say about that restaurant and the employee's behavior was deplorable.Fun place with a mix of ages. 
What can I say food in Philly just generally sucks - however this place is helping to change that.
Downside is its by the convention center so parking is a tad pricey.
Worth stopping in for a beer and a burgerThis was my first time at BurgerFi. 
After walking around Reading Terminal Market we just decided to walk across the street to BurgerFi instead. 
The atmosphere is pretty cool, it's clean and had ample seating for when we went. I ordered the BurgerFi Cheeseburger (double) with onion rings and a drink. Overall, it's more expensive than a fast food joint, but the price is what you'd expect from these new "gourmet" fast food burger establishments.
The burger was really good, you could tell the meat patty was high quality and the toppings were fresh. The onion rings were huge and really crisply and tasty. I stole a French fry from a friend and it was tremendous. I may go that route next time. 
BurgerFi offers free custard to people who post on social media, which is cool. They only had vanilla though. 
Con: They didn't have any cherry syrup left in their fancy coke machine. 
Overall, a great burger and fry/onion ring spot and I'd come back again.
Five *****.I came in on a busy Saturday because the Reading Terminal Market was insanely crowded. Yes, it was busy. But, my fries were burned, and I didn't get the burger that I ordered. So, I probably won't be back.One of the best burger joints in the city! Limited menu but they are great with what they make. The all day breakfast burger is as good as it gets. With a fried (or cooked) egg, bacon, cheese, hash browns, and a drizzle of maple syrup, the burger is amazing and everything you will need for the rest of the day. The seasoned fries are also great and they best part, is they have a full service bar! Highly recommend!way overpriced but that didn't bother me too much.  the burger itself tasted like it was cooked already and then reheated.  the fries were the same way and were loaded with grease because they were fried twice.  lazy cooks.  the beef also tastes like it is mostly pink slime.  gross.Very cool ambiance here. Often crowded, but I have to say-- wayy better than Shake Shack across town. The veggie burgers are AMAZING and the shakes are better too. This location even has a full bar and those 100+ flavor drink machines. Will go back.I ordered a customized burger that had grilled onions and garlic aioli with a side of urban fries off of their secret menu. The urban fries are my favorite! It has Parmesan and garlic aioli drizzled on top. The burger was very tender. The only issue I had was that the kitchen seemed a bit disorderly. I noticed a lot of mistakes with other customers and myself.Great food and great service!! The bar is excellent, good draft choice and Jen is a an awesome bartender! Nice way to enjoy your food and have a beer. Although it's not apparent, you can order your food at the bar.The burgers were great and the staff friendly, but the wait time is ridiculous!!! I know it is a busy night, but 2 burgers took almost 40 minutes! Once the line disappeared we went up for a chocolate shake, and it has now been 22 minutes and we are still waiting. I know it's not "fast food" but this is CRAZY!3, 2, 1. That's how my expressions are for this burger joint. So, I had a bad experience at another restaurant while eating their "burger" which made me wanna try this place. Initially, the food and quality was awesome. I ordered their original and the CEO burger. I highly suggest the CEO for a more richer and unique spin on a burger but the bad point of this place is the service.
The cashiers are generally nice but orders can takes a long time. Orders can take up to 40 mins based on my friend's experience. People who ordered after us got their food before us even though the order was not complex. Food, a burger and small fries, can cost a little over $10 which is a steal for what you get but horrible if you're waiting for over half an hour for a simple meal.
Recommendations: Go when it's slower and empty and when you're not too hungry. Portions are a tad small in my opinion. 
Overall: 3 (Rounded) Deserves a 2 TBH
Food: 4
Service: 1.5
Price: 3
Atmosphere: 3Cheeseburgers in Center City Philadelphia.  This seems to be an attempt at a high end IN N Out Burger!  The cheeseburgers although a little overpriced was really wonderful.  The fries were nothing to write home about, and they had an interesting collection of bottled sodas, and even an adjoining bar?  Still, I got the feeling they were trying to do too much.  However the 24/7 hours make for some happy customers outside the Pennsylvannia Convention Center.  If you have a good cheeseburger, you are worth the trip!This review is based only on the Veggie burger which was delicious. Not really a burger guy but needed to get something as I was there with a group. Looking for a Veggie Burger option you gotta try this place out!!!I have never been subject to such terrible customer service in my life. We ordered 2 burgers, both with fried eggs and one with grilled mushrooms (each $1 extra). When the burgers (finally) arrived 15 minutes later, there were no eggs or mushrooms. When we asked where they were and showed our receipt, we were told matter-of-factly that they were out of those items and only offered other toppings that we clearly didn't want. Of course, no one had mentioned they were out of these items when we ordered and were charged for them. It then took us three times of going up to the counter to finally get our money back. Rather than apologize for overcharging us, the employees we spoke with were openly hostile toward the "inconvenience" of us asking for our money back. It's even more ridiculous because we got there right when it opened and they were already out of these items. It should go without saying that I won't be back to a place that exhibits such disrespect toward it's customers. 
Oh, and in the interest of fairness, the food was fine. A cut below Five Guys or Shake Shack, but still solid. Just would have been better with a fried egg and a smile!Burgers can hold their own. Fries are a little bland, but i might have gotten a bad batch.  Onion rings are solid, big and flakey.
I need to start a new paragraph in order to outline my ode to the Breakfast All Day Burger. It is all 3 meals of the day between two buns. A lot of food.  Don't let the egg yoke drip!  Quite a nice gimmick but a strong and decadent experience for any burger aficionado.
Competition is stiff in the 'locally grown upscale fast food' arena.  This place is an effective addition to the movement.  Will be the spot of choice for watching march madness this year.Food is good but overpriced. I paid $16 for a burger, fries and fountain drink. Burgers are small, probably about half the size of a Five Guys burger. Nothing jumps out about the ingredients which would justify the price. Maybe you pay for the fancy BurgerFi brand they press into the top of the bun.Just stopped in today with coworkers on lunch. I ordered a single burger with cheese fried onions, pickle, and burgerfi sauce. It was the perfect size burger and the flavors were amazing. I also got a Coke float which was HUGE and a great price. They use the all natural Coke as well which was a plus. The highlight of my, and my coworker's, experience was the team leader or manager, Angela who ran a tight ship, ensuring ALL orders were exactly as they were ordered. I even saw her toss lettuce out and request pickles for someone. Her customer service was impeccable and she didn't break a sweat under the pressure of a busy lunch crowd. I know we will all be back to try out other burgers and snacks in the near future!4/8/2018 at 1:00 pm.   This restaurant is horrible.  They ran out of shakes. Ran out of all fountain drinks.  They only had water, which they don't tell you until the end of the 25 minute line.  "We ordered it by they haven't delivered it." That tells me the shitty manager didn't order it in time for lunch hour rush across from the convention center.  Service is slow, staff is not helpful (actually kinda rude), and seemed overwhelmed.  Skip and go to Redding Market across the street.  This place is not like the BurgerFi restaurants in Orlando..Stopped in this place while visiting from Virginia. Although at first I was turned off by the prices, I decided to give it a try. Soooo glad that I did!!! I got cheeseburger and fries. The burger was big and juicy. THE BEST I have ever had anywhere!!! The fries portion was enough for two people. Next time I'm in Philly, I'm stopping here first. Bryan was especially nice and welcoming to me.Well, I went to the Auto Show in Philadelphia with my cousin; afterwards we spotted the BurgerFi and decided to have dinner.  We were 4th in line and waited 20 minutes to place the order.  There was about 20 customers in line and 1 cashier (who was very pleasant).  The restaurant was a bit unkempt.  Our table had no napkins in the holder, there was no custard to make a milkshake, what?!.  The floors & tables were sticky but the food was excellent.  Two stars are for the lack of customer service and cleanliness and 4 stars for the food.So I decided to try this place again since I got out of the convention center at 10pm tonight and i have to be back at 6am tomorrow. I wanted something fast, close and convenient. 
Once again... they got my order wrong... and b/c of it I had to pay and extra $1 (for cheese i said i did NOT want) and didnt even realize it after working a 16 hour day!
I ordered almost the same thing (without an egg this time) I ordered last time but on a lettuce bun aka "green style".  I learned my lesson from the other night and quickly checked my order before I left ... i opened the box and the aluminum foil to see a BUN... I told the girl at the counter that i asked for a lettuce bun and she quickly apologized and asked the kitchen to fix it... that was great. BUT I failed to check INSIDE the burger. The woman taking my order (Now I see where other customers said the staff was not that interested in being there, they must have been served by her) specifically asked me if I wanted cheese when I ordered the double (one quinoa, one beef burger) on a lettuce bun with tomato and raw onion and ketchup. 
Boy do I wish I opened up the burger before i left... there was not only cheese but no ketchup (glad I asked for packets because of my fries).
The same girl who corrected my order was the wonderful girl who gave me my order last time and she was awesome. Also, now that i finally got to taste the Quinoa burger i want to say i is AMAZING and I am sad I missed out on it last time... so i am giving this place 2 stars now, one for each of those things... 
I am really losing faith in this place. I know if I come here again i will THOROUGHLY check my order and I will tell all our attendees who ask me about this place to do the same!  I am lactose-intolerant and try not to eat cheese. Unfortunately, the cheese was completely melted between the two patties so I could not even remove it. Hopefully my stomach will be okay tomorrow but after a 16 hour work day and only eating one meal all day I was hungry enough to eat it and too tired to go back to get it fixed!
All in all, the actual food here has proven to be tasty... its the fact they can't' get my order right that makes me upset... if it only happened ONE TIME I would have been OK with that... but twice now... it puts me in a catch 22 because I like the food but I don't want to end up with the wrong thing... AGAIN! We will see if I try this place out again... the fact i had to pay an extra $1 for cheese i told her i did not want makes me a little bitter though... just sayin... I still really like the one girl who works there though... she seems to really care about her job unlike the one who took my order!!!!!The burgers are ok and the fries are good. The other than that it's just a typical burger spot like most others.Ehhh VERY disappointed! In and Outs fries that are "animal style" are Way Better than this joint! Stayed at hotel next door and came here for lunch. Fries were fresh though so I give them credit for that.Have you ever been excited about a restaurant before, and then eaten there and completely felt like it was a kick to the groin. That's Burgerfi!! Not to even talk about the staff's indifference to a customer waiting to order, three cashier doing nothing, the young women was pleasant after I stood there for 3 minutes waiting to be acknowledged at least. I made my own double cheese burger, ketchup, mayo, lettuce, onion, & pickle. Yes generic, but that's me. I'm handed my food with the recipe from the cook that says what to put on it and it says what I ordered. But the burger came with no lettuce, no pickle. I take burger and recipe back to counter and hand it over, they give it back. A miserably small piece of lettuce and tomato added, and still no pickle, I didn't ask for tomato ever. Back to the counter and just ask for pickles. Mind you, no apology either time. I feel maybe they need people who can read or just get rid of "make you own burger" The burger was pretty good when I got what I ordered and awesome onion rings but not worth the hassle or price for crap service. Try 5 Guys it's 3 blocks away on Chestnut!!3.5
Crowded, loud, long waits - it's what you get if you come here on a busy Saturday lunch time.  There weren't many choices - Reading Terminal Market was a zoo and we were getting hangry.
It was unfortunate that only one person was taking orders - I wonder if having more staff at such a busy time would have helped. Nevertheless, we had a fairly simple order - two regular cheeseburgers (one with just cheese and nothing else), onion rings and one drink for $19. After a long wait, we got our food. My friend's cheeseburger was missing the lettuce and tomatoes that we thought it was supposed to come with.  I appreciated that my burger was tasty, but for nearly $6, it was overdone and on the smaller side. 
I must say that those onion rings were among the best I've ever eaten.I am Guest at Bar Service...asked for there Burger w/only the choice of 2 Temps...medWell or Well. Sorry not going to fly in an city of foodie. Ended w/there NY HotDog only to find out sides are extra but my bartender did not "up sale" the fries. In fact none of their sandwiches come w/sides U have to figure that out after U order. Best when U order U have to pick it up.!!??what??!!  This place is more suited for family's & tourist & it is located to creature such an crowd. It will do well as long as the tourist keep on coming in this area.Rude staff (zero eye contact and single word responses), dirty tables (crumbs/condiments on every single one), average food (particularly the soggy fries), long wait, high price/low value. No thanks. Won't be back.It is a pretty good burger and you get lots of ways to customize it to your taste.  The burger was done perfectly and the wait wasn't too long.
It advertises beer and wine outside, but it looks like they lost their liquor license. They ought to update the signage so people don't get confused.Good burgers. Convenient location. Efficient ordering system. The burger here is a good quality burger, but I think they are a step down from the top tier burger spots in Philly(Sketch, White Dog Café, Rouge and Village Whiskey, which is not a bad thing. The fries are hand cut and very good also. The bonus about this place is they serve alcohol, if that's your thing. I hear the milkshake is pretty good too, but have yet to try.Went here at a pretty late time (as it was past when Reading was open) on a Sunday.
It took ages to get the burger but the cashier was nice.
Burger was a little bit dry but was otherwise fine, was more medium than medium-rare, especially near the corners (uhh burger corner, what, I don't get myself but you know what I mean.) I'd put the quality as below Five Guys (but without the free peanuts) but at a similar price and with the toppings being a bit more.
Shakes looked good and the fries looked good also but no time.
Nice soda selection, had a Mexican coke.
Was A-OK, but nothing better than that.
2.7.Good burger spot.  Bit pricey and no burger fry drink combo so I just got the burger and still ended up at $12.  Got the CEO burger which did hit the spot.  Nothing like some melted Swiss on a burger!  Bun was probably my favorite part! Very tasty.Really good food. The meat was juicy, bun was nice and fluffy and the BurgerFi sauce kind of reminded me of In and Out's animal style dressing (they're not the same but it's still unique and tasty). The onion rings were HUGE - I think they used a whole onion for my order. The $6 onion rings and fries combo is enough to feed 2-3 people - I couldn't finish it by myself. The Coke remix machine is always awesome to use too since there are multiple flavors of each soda (plus free refills).
Typical fast casual restaurant prices. $15 for a double cheeseburger, fries and a drink. I don't have any kids, but it'll be a bit pricey if you're paying for your kids as well. I guess that's the sacrifice of being a parent and not really anything to do with the restaurant.
Lots of seating here. It took like 10-15 minutes to get my food on a non-busy weeknight - which is OK because everything is fresh and the fries/onion rings are hand-cut, but just beware if you're just looking to grab a "quick bite." You can also order online and pick up to save time. 
Oh yeah, they used to have a full service bar which was nice to have a drink with my meal and chat with the bartender before going out to bars nearby. But they've since closed their bar and stopped selling alcohol.Super tasty!
We're so happy for the Green Style, replacing the bread with lettuce. And they certainly don't skimp on the lettuce. Yes, you'll miss out on the signature bun branding, but I can pick it up and eat it properly. :)
The kids report that the fries were hot and fresh and delicious.Attack of the burger places! 
Went here the day after it opened and they were clearly working out some kinks, as half of the taps at the bar weren't working!  Not a problem, the bartender was more than kind enough to help us out! 
Breakfast all day burger was fantastic, and the fries fresh cut and very tasty! Careful on the size of the fries, the bucket really is huge! 
Have been back one time since and still just as good! Will be a good competitor to ShakeShack! 
Pro Tip: Bring cash to tip the bartender, they won't let you tip on a credit card!First off, their credit card machine required manual entry and really slowed the line down.  The servers were very nice and courteous and apologetic, but this is really an issue during prime lunchtime.  Also, call me an old fuddy duddy but I felt like the music was way louder than it needed to be at noon.  The onion rings were great, but my burger was not even on the bun when they gave it to me.  All of the delicious juices and cheese were plastered to the tray liner paper. They have a Coke Freestyle machine which is pretty nifty, but I feel like my $15 could've been spent in much better ways. 
Oh, and I was somewhat rudely corrected on my pronunciation of Burger Fi (I said "fee" and apparently it is "FY" - excuse me)Well, at first I was pretty excited.  A high quality burger joint that serves drinks AND has those really cool soda fountain machines that you can add your own flavors to any drink.  Very cool, $3 is a bit steep, $8 for a burger too, but I really enjoyed my first 2 visits....  And then..  I come in couple weeks ago and there's like 3 of 7 flavors available on the very 'cool' soda fountain.  I come in today, no flavors, about 1/3 of the sodas are out, no one mentions it to me when I spend $3 for the drink.  Staff doesn't seem to care about it or much,  HEY! HELLO!  You're right next door to Reading Terminal, word spreads fast.  I may stop in one more time, and that's it.  You had the buzz, and you let it crash because you can't keep your soda stocked, or your customer line employees interested in the CUSTOMERS?  you should fail because of that.Shared half a cheese burger and fries with my wife. Both were great, although I like thick burger patties. My wife likes thin, but she liked the burgers. The malt I had was not very malt-y but more like chocolate toffee. I asked but they insisted with was a malt. Anyway, it was a good place and would recommend the place. It's 4 stars due to the unmalt-y malt.I'll make this quick. The burgers are good, but they are so tiny. Here everything you order is ala carte. Meaning they have no combo platters as it pertains to the food. You pay a price for the burger, a price for the fries, and a price for the drink. Easily if you've did all 3 with cheese included, you'll come out with a $13 tab. Happy hour is from 4-7 and again from 10-12. So in essence means instead of paying $5.50 per beer, the price is now $3.80. Remember this is downtown Philly. Mind you, there is no discount on alcohol during happy hour, only beer on tap. If they don't have your brand you're screwed unless you're willing to drink something else for that price.Burgers were obscenely small for the price and mediocre taste. A double is probably the size of a normal burger at any other chain. Don't go here to get a bang for your buck. We came after a long day on our feet starving, and weren't satisfied in the slightest. Maybe their custard is good enough to make up for it, but I won't be going back to find out.I found this little burger joint per suggestion from a friend and decided to pop in after the Women's March. My friend raves about the Veggie burger they have and I wanted to try it for myself. It turned out to be a very delicious veggie burger and the fries were a bit underwhelming but good enough for a side. It took us a little while to get our food because we came during the lunch break and the restaurant was packed. Over all, it was a good lunch and would come back again to try another burger!To sum it up in a few sentences, the burgers were low quality beef, very small, dry, spongy and extremely over priced.  They were served on a basic hamburger bun that was toasted to the point of being blackened or burned. French Fries were average.  They tend to give you a large quantity - I am assuming to make you feel better about how much you paid for the not so great burger.  I also ordered a chocolate shake, which was pretty good. But, in my experience, milk shakes are kinda hard to screw up,  
There are several great burger joints in the downtown Philly area, but this is definitely not one of them.  For what you will pay to eat at Burgerfi, there are several better options within walking distance to consider.  You can go right across the street to Reading Terminal Market and have a much better burger for a more reasonable price.After waiting in line for 10 minutes, we tried to order some burgers but the cashier informed us that they'd run out of 3 of their 6 listed menu items. There was no indication on the overhead menu or a note where you ordered. You just had to guess. They'd also run out of two of their beers on tap, but didn't say anything. At least put an empty cup over the tap. Ended up building our own burger for the items they did have, and drinking tap water. Well done Burgerfi Supply Chain.The food here is amazing. I walked into the door and was impressed by the open floor, big bar and comfortable vibe from this place. Not sure what the bad reviews is about, you're paying for what you get.. FRESH! If you want to pay 1/2$ less go to Mcdonalds and help yourself to a processed fatty cheeseburger. I always get the veggie burger or the breakfast burger which has never let me down. Very filling, fresh and DELICIOUS!! If you haven't tried the big Cajun onion rings you must try, each bite is like heaven. Plus side about this place is they have a full bar that's open late, can't go wrong !First of all, I work as a Marketing Coordinator in a large food service industry so I have abundant experience with all types of service and food quality. With that said:
I loved my experience here! A friend and I were out at the bars and we decided to grab some late night food. It was a little after 1:00am so a lot of places were already closed. The fact that BurgerFi is open until 2am was really cool. We didn't have many options to choose from so I wasn't expecting much in terms of taste or service. But for late night dining BurgerFi blew me out of the water. The classic cheeseburger was good, no complaints. The fries were fresh and DELICIOUS. Way better than Five Guys! We also got their frozen concretes for desert which were delicious and presented to us in a really friendly manner. They were out of one topping so happily recommended another and replaced it at no extra cost. It seemed that most of the employees were friendly, and that's impressive for late night because who wants to be working until 2 in the morning? 
Specifically Angelo was a sweetheart! He was friendly at the counter and then made the effort to come over to us after we got our food to check up on everything. He was friendly and conversational which definitely added to our experience. 
Atmosphere of the place is very nice. Styled in a classic burger joint fashion but with tastefully done decor that gives it a unique style. There's a bar on one side as well and ample sitting room, and an overall comfortable ambiance. (Given that this is a 1AM visit, but there was no rowdy crowds or rude drunks, etc.)
Overall had a 5 star experience and will make a point to visit again! (Perhaps during lunch hours to see the kind of rush the place gets.)
Thanks Angelo!!With all the fanfare of BurgerFI, I had high expectations.  I was there at noon today and the music was much too loud, but putting that aside, I found the hamburger very disappointing in size, flavor, taste.  It was a double burger, but I thought for the $5.77 price the quality would be much higher.  I could not distinguish this burger from many other burgers.  The french fries were very good.  I had a sample of the custard and I found that average and a little too sweet.  My point in writing this is there is no reason for me to go back to BurgerFI except for the french fries.  If I am spending $5.77 for a hamburger, I will go to a place where the flavor, taste and juiciness is much better and higher quality than BurgerFI.  And, while waiting for my food, I was the only customer in there waiting, so the kitchen had no other customers at that time and I waited almost 15 minutes for my food.  This is not an acceptable level of waiting for this type of food place and I wonder what will happen if they are busy.I just ordered lunch here and was in before the crowd. My companion was almost done with her meal. When I checked were mine was, I was treated with incredibly rude behavior. She wouldn't even check on my order, but just dismissed me. When it finally did come, it was wrong. How can you screw up a plain burger?  Just put the meat on the bun!  When it finally did come, she was rude to me again!  So much for brotherly love!  I'm a visitor to this city and not impressed with this place. It's too bad.I've been to this location before, and I've had a good experience all those other times. However from this one bad experience I really can't ever come back. I was having a hard time hearing the cashier's question, and she was nice throughout all of this. Sadly, the coworker working on the cashier next to her was not as nice and suddenly screamed the question she was asking. Both of us were shocked and that made the whole ordeal awkward. The food is good and all, but I'm definitely not coming back ever again with how shitty service this is.I moved from Philly a year ago and used to run past this place when it was being built so I was excited to finally check it out while I was back here on business.  I've also had a major burger craving the last couple of days so he timing was perfect!  
I love the fact their beef is all natural, grass fed, free range, yada yada [read more on their website] and they offer it wrapped in lettuce aka "Garden Style".  In my opinion, the burger and fries were great!  It was fresh and the regular sized fries were definitely enough for 2 people.   
SIDENOTE - Why don't you guys have sweet potato fries on the menu? 
I read some of the other reviews and am happy that my experience was different than the others (poor customer service, dirty, expensive).  The girl
At the counter was friendly, asked if it was my first time there (which it was) and told me to let her know if I had any questions.  I forgot to ask for mustard on my burger so she kindly put it on the side.  I definitely didn't think it was over priced ($6) for the quality plus added bacon, which there were a few slices).   
The reason I gave it 4 stars is because the overall ambience and vibe still feels like a fast food restaurant.  It was a slow night so everyone behind the counter was goofing off and not paying attention to the lol of the place (no forks in dispenser), trash full, few tables dirty, etc. I was also surprised that they no longer served alcohol, but it didn't affect my rating (although others might be annoyed).  
Overall, I recommend Burgerfi. Quality ingredients and the ability to customize your order (although this option isn't listed on the website - unless I missed it - so it looks like they only offer 5 or 6 burgers) goes a long way in a day and age where everything is cheap, GMO's and processed.  My advise - check it out and form your opinion instead of listening to the negative Nancy's(and Ned's) in the other reviews.A burger place that runs out of cheese AND bacon. Your whole business revolves around making burgers and you don't have any of the limited items required for a burger joint....After circling 'round and 'round the area on a Saturday eve trying to procure an on-street parking space near the Convention Center for the Auto Show, I FINALLY found a spot right on the corner of 12th and Filbert. My friend and I took a look through BurgerFi's big windows and saw how busy, bright and fun it looked on the inside. We immediately made the decision to eat in after the car show.
The beefy aroma filled the medium-sized space when we arrived. It was a bit crowded so we tried to peruse the menu while waiting in line, but the writing was soooo tiny that it made my brain hurt trying to see it. An employee (who was much easier on the eyes, btw) went thru the line passing out paper menus which helped a lot. 
After ordering (I ordered the BurgerFi cheeseburger and onion rings), I was given a buzzer and a tray. My friend and I made our way to the Freestyle Soda Machine and made our drinks. Side note: My friend had a FIELD DAY at this machine and had this crazy grin on his face while making his selection....talk about kid in a candy store!! Ha!
Afterwards, we found seats in the corner. As we sat around, sipping our sodas waiting for the buzzer to go off, we were just watching other people with sodas and buzzers watching us....watching them. Everybody just looked ravenous! And the food took a long time! Also, I didn't really appreciate that they had these tiny little paper ramekins for mayo, ketchup, etc....I mean, I literally had about 10 of those things on my tray...Hey, I like a little onion ring with my ketchup!
Overall, my burger was tasty. It had a nice smokiness and the sauce had a good tang. The ingredients were very fresh. My main qualm was how small that bad boy was...The onion rings were soo soo delish! I think they were the star of the night. My friend liked his burger. Because he didn't like his fries as much, he kept trying to divert my attention away in order to steal my onion rings!
 I was treating that night, and even though I was being a tax return baller, I found the prices to be a bit steep. I enjoyed myself but trust me, I'm not rushing back to BurgerFi unless it's on someone else's dime.Went here for lunch during a week day. It was totally packed. You order food at the counter and then they give you a buzzer to call you when it is ready. The trouble was, the food took too long. The other trouble was the options of burgers. You can 'build your own' burger which starts at $8 and change BUT if you keep adding fixins and toppings the price really racks up. For 2 burgers, reg onion rings and fries and 2 drinks it was over $40. Yea, I know right?
The food was average for sure. That is until the incident. Where my girlfriend took one of the last bites of her burger and pulled out a long, very black, synthetic piece of hair (a weave to be sure, since it didnt snap from pulling). It wasn't just on top where it had fallen from a server's head. No. This was IN the meat. It was ground up in there which meant it fell in while constructing the patties. And I watched her pull it out of her mouth. It was like a never ending thick black rope. Needless to say, my GF bolted to the bathroom where she proceeded to lose her lunch.
It sucks because the food wasn't horrible. Overpriced, but goodish. Things happen and we told the manager the issue and he was totally cool about it. He refunded our order in its entirety and even offered us a shake - which we passed. If I had to rate the place just on the manager, I would give 4 stars as he didnt waver and just dealt with the issue. 1 star is missing for a long wait time for food and drink machine was out of most flavors. 1 star is missing for finding a weave in our food.
To that manager out there, thanks for owning the situation and making it right. Because of that, I would try it again if for whatever reason I pass up on the reading terminal.This review is directed to the management. There are certain things that are unacceptable in a restaurant.   No napkins or ANYTHING to wipe your hands or face with is one of them.  Stopped in Sunday afternoon to give them another chance.  Apparently they were out of most of their sodas, onion rings and condiments for their burgers. The fries I ordered were either overcooked or the oil was old ( lemme guess,  they ran out of that too.) It's sort of excusable to run out of items.  What's not excusable is not make NO ATTEMPT to replace them.  There are several supply stores that sell napkins, condiments, even bag in box soda and they are open on the weekends.  Your employees can apologize all they want. It still won't make up for your mistakes.  What do you plan to do this summer or if you're still open (at the rate you do business,  I doubt it) when the city is smacked with 2 million visitors next year!? Either do better as a business or get out the way and let someone else do it right. At least the employees were nice about the situation!Stopped here to eat on the way back to our hotel. It's the average burger joint with a twist on toppings and the beef  & hotdogs are organic. I had the chicken hotdog stuffed with apples and onion rings and both were good. The onion rings are huge. My husband had  the brisket burger and fries. He said it was alright. We didn't try their custard.They make a decent veggie burger here. Mine came with lettuce, tomato, and cheese, but I wish I would have known that I could have added a bunch of other veggie toppings for free...oh well. One thing that's interesting here (which I didn't do because I love bread) is that you can order the burgers "green style" where they give you lettuce in place of the bun. A few of my friends did that and really liked it. While I didn't order any fries myself, I definitely took a few from my friends who were conveniently too full to eat all of them. The fries were pretty good. My complaint would be that the veggie burger alone is $7 and adding fries is $3, which I think is a bit excessive. The place feels like just a step above fast food, so I'm not sure that it's worth $10 for the combo, and that doesn't even include a drink. They do have a good selection of drinks here. I had a Sam Adams Cold Snap, which was delicious. They also have a full bar -- a few of my friends had some good whiskey. They also have a happy hour with specials from 5-7 and then again at 10pm.I walk past this location from my home to the train station and back every day, so when I saw this place was being built I got really excited. Especially since we didnt have a nice burger joint in the area.  I went in today and here's my impression:
As others reviews say, its pretty much a shake shack. They even have the "burgerfi sauce" a-la shake shack style. But man the burger I got was good! I inhaled it and had to order another one, and I swear I wasn't hungry. Didn't order fries, but had my good 'old Mexican coke, which I really appreciate.
I sat by the bar to charge my phone and got a beer. There's something funny with the way their beers taste, probably the system is new? I dont know. But couldnt finish my overpriced yuenling. 
Regarding service... The girl in the counter was either having the worst day in her life, or after 7 days just found out she hates serving burgers... She might also have been dying yo go to the restrooms. Anyways, she had quite some attitude, only matched by the bartender, who received me with a face and voice tone that yelled "I'll hate you if you dont order a drink". Good think she dulcified her tone when I ordered a beer.
Will I come back? Definitely, those burgers are tasty. Will I stay here to party and gave a good time? Nope. Will I gave a drink Herr? Only if there's another bartender.
Cheers!I gave this place a try because I saw that they had a quinoa veggie burger + the ability to customize your burger. Although the reviews looked pretty bad, I actually liked BurgerFi.  Some of the staff members were a bit standoffish, but others were reasonably friendly. 
Personally, I'd prefer it if they did the ordering like The Counter (another custom burger chain) where you fill out a short card to list what you want. It's just easier than trying to tell someone what you want over the noise of a busy restaurant, and it seems to result in fewer errors.
The veggie burger was delicious. Even if I didn't have a preference for vegetarian dishes where available, I would still be inclined to order the veggie burger over a traditional meat burger. It was just very, very good. Some veggie burgers are really soft and they smush out of the sides of the bun when you bite down, but that wasn't the case with this one. It had a slight crunch at the edges, and the middle was soft. I WOULD recommend getting at least one condiment or topping that adds some moisture, though. I could see how it might be a little dry without mayo, tomatoes, etc. 
I also liked that the burger wasn't enormous. There was an option to do a double or triple burger, but the single was the perfect size for a normal person who eats healthy portions. 
The fries with parmesan and herbs were also fantastic - highly recommended.  
One more thing - if you want to get their food delivered, I noticed there's at least one local service that will deliver their food for a $20 minimum. Just Google "BurgerFi Philadelphia delivery" if you're curious (not going to promote a specific delivery service here).Food was barely ok. Onion ring still had unmixed flour in the batter.  The wait was incredulous. It took them around 30 minutes to get me my order. Another customer timed it and reported an exact 24 minutes to get his order. The cooking staff appeared to be too busy chatting with each other and the cashiers instead of doing their job: cooking. One cashier was gossiping with a peer about a customer. Of the staff, only one was working. Absolutely ridiculous. Don't go to this Burgerfi if you want to eat.Writing this review for the non-meat eaters out there. BurgerFi has about 2-3 options for those who don't eat beef. I tried the Beyond Meat burger which is a brand name for a veggie burger. I've heard so much about the Beyond Meat brand so I got this burger versus other options available. The burger was yummy especially when I switched out the American cheese for white cheddar. I would get this again. But while the burger was yummy, it tasted like a regular ole veggie burger that I can get from any restaurant or grocery store. But I think that is more a review of the Beyond Meat brand versus BurgerFi.Great location and good, fresh burger and fries.  Had the standard cheeseburger with all the fixings and special sauce ( which was delicious ).  Burger was juicy and hot and bun was chewy and toasted.  Fries were enormous and enough for 2-3 to share.  A little pricey for a burger, fries and drink ($14+) but worth it.  Highly recommend for a quick burger nite.  Yummy!Right around the corner from the Marriott I was staying at so I wanted to place an order to go .  Like the look of the place and decor, it's different.  Liked the bar and would be good if I was drinking, tap beer available at counter as well.   Ordered basic cheeseburger and fries, w/ soda $13...  OK   Burger was pretty good, fries were fresh and hot.  My gripe.. Ordered at 6:11, received order at 6:35.  Too long for this guy.  Girls at register did a nice job, but large chef in kitchen sneers at people and talks over people to to his GF who stands at the register?  I'd possibly come back for the food but if you're looking for it quickly, it's not happening here.  With the quality sandwiches across the street at the market it's a tough option.While visiting the tattoo convention, I needed to grab a bite to eat before heading over to a show. I also needed to charge my phone, and the name implied Burger-Internet-Cafe. No computers, but they do have Wifi, oh and a bar?!
That's convenient.
The bartender let me charge my phone while I reviewed the menu.
In my opinion, this place is a step up from Elevation Burger.
They have a variety of burgers, hot dogs, french fries, and a plethora of toppings to dress them up with. They have plenty of vegetarian options, and even a "Secret Menu" for those who can't decide what to order. Did I mention they have beer?
I had the BurgerFi Cheeseburger with White Cheddar Cheese.
On the taste level it is about the same as Elevation Burger.
The coolest thing I think about BurgerFi though is what they are doing for the environment. In addition to using organic food, they also promote recycling like no other burger joint I have seen. The chairs, tables and probably the bar is made out of recycled products. There aren't even any trashcans in the place.
Next time I'm on 12th St I'll have to get a milkshake with one of their 20+ toppings.Pretty good, but not stellar, burgers--think Shake Shack. Fries were good (and plentiful), but they'd run out of onion rings by the time I got there (~1:30PM on a Wednesday) and rumor had it that they'd run out of fries ~15 minutes later.Great place to go when downtown near the convention center! They serve a variety of beers and the burgers are delicious!! One of the managers, Brian was extremely attentive and brought food to the table to I didnt have to wait. Highly recommended!!!The interior of the place is great and there is a good vibe here.   The staff is great and friendly.   However, the burgers are so-so.   They are kind of greasy and over priced.   The fries are good, though, and especially if you split a large.   The portions are huge.    The bar area is not stocked well enough. Again, the bartender was friendly, attentive, and apologetic.  While it is great that they are open late, on both nights that I have gone here, most of the taps were kicked, they were out of a lot of liquor, and the bottle selection was small.    The combination of overpriced and underwhelming burgers with the bad bar experience was saved by their deserts.   The "concretes" are amazing.Pretty damn good .. came at 11 on a Saturday food was fresh, service was pleasant and quick! No complaints on my part really .. they have a bar it was closed they should have this joint JUMPING .. low key might become a go to spot .. if you like Guys Burger Joint this is great substituteHuge convention right across the street and they have one person taking orders?? 20 minute wait to order! Ridiculous. Horrible management.My wife and I stopped in here for lunch while in the city for the annual auto show. We arrived here a little after 12pm and as you can imagine, the place was packed with a line nearly going out the door. Overall, the place reminded me of a Shake Shack, but with more options for toppings and better fries! You stand in line and place your order, at which time you are given a beeper. Then it's time to find a table, which can be quite the challenge. I'm not sure if this place is always this busy, but there were certainly not enough seats given the number of patrons on this particular day. Since the place also serves alcohol, some folks were sitting around casually enjoying their beer and lunch, so tables weren't turning over that quickly. We did eventually manage to get a table, but you are packed in there and it's difficult getting around to say get your drinks, utensils, etc. BurgerFi utilizes the Coke Freestyle machines for sodas. Burgers were fresh although on the smaller side. My wife is gluten free and unfortunately they do not offer a GF bun, so she enjoyed her burger sans the bun. Overall, a decent lunch, but pretty expensive for what you get. For our two burgers, two drinks, and one large fries, the bill was just over $35.