When it comes to steak, I'm not easy to please. I'm probably one of the snobbiest carnivores around, so when I say that I'm blown away by a piece of beef, you know it's damn good. Well hats off to the Butcher & Singer chefs for literally serving me the best steak I've had in recent memory. 
Started the meal with a blue-cheese stuffed olive martini - fantastic way to whet the palette - and noshed on some Oysters Rockefeller before splitting their Tomato & Onion and Butcher Salads. The former featured deliciously ripe tomatoes smothered in Roquefort Bleu Cheese and the most thinly sliced Vidalia onions; while the latter was a deliciously light chopped salad containing crisp lettuce, chickpeas, green beans, some sopressata salami, and various other ingredients that, although intimidatingly filling sounding at first, was a really light intro. The dressing was somewhat sweet, but not in an overwhelming way. 
Then came the steak. We shared the 20oz. Porterhouse for two, priced reasonably at $74. It. Was. Awesome. Prepared perfectly medium-rare with a charred outer edge that was so flavorful, I literally stopped mid bite to pinch myself. No, I wasn't dreaming. Yes, it was real steak and yeah, it was THAT good. And the brussel sprout side? They are literally the tastiest green side i've ever had - they are almost deconstructed and served sauteed w/ applewood smoked bacon. The server actually said, "I want to let you know that the brussel sprouts come with bacon, is that okay?" I almost ordered a second serving when I heard that... 
The decor of this steak house is also really enjoyable. It's in a massive space with high ceilings and though the lighting is pretty dim, it's not too dark like most steakhouses. There's a warmth about the place that makes eating here really comfortable. It also reminds me of one of those big band/swing joints you see in movies. I expected to see a live swing trio standing in individual booths there.
I think it's safe to say that this place may have just knocked Del Frisco's out of first place in my list of "best steakhouses ever." If you're in Philly and have a craving for meat, Butcher and Singer is a must!Visited this place twice.  My boyfriend is a steak lover.  The hash browns are so good, they could feed four people.  Upscale, and not stuffy.  You can dress up or down.  A nice place to have celebratory meal.Absolutely amazing. Those were the first two words that came out of my mouth when my friends asked me how it was. The place is beautifully decorated and definitely a great place for a romantic dinner. Our waitress Suzanne was incredibly helpful and friendly. Keep in mind that if you go here, you're planning to spend money so comments about the high prices are superfluous, and high expectations of food and service are mandatory.
We started with the tuna sashimi which was absolutely divine - I would definitely order it again. The butcher salad was crisp and flavorful but nothing to write home about. I got the 12 oz filet mignon medium well but I would recommend going medium or rarer. Regardless it was still delicious. I preferred my boyfriend's dry aged porterhouse (very rare) which was probably the best steak he ever had. The random greens on the side seemed to be more for color on the plate than anything, but I think they should remove this altogether. The mushrooms and onions were so tasty, I wanted the recipe. The stuffed hash brown was impressive but heavily dairy based and the crispy edges were my favorite. We finished our meal with a baked alaska which was as delicious as everyone promised. We enjoyed our leftovers the next day. I heard their restaurant week is good too, and man is it tempting to go back this week just for that.I'm a big fan of butcher n singer. to me it's the best steak I've had in Philadelphia. I try to go a couple of times year. I recently went and it never disappoints....actually my wallet was disappointed. tad bit overpriced imo. 
i always end up getting the porterhouse for 2, of course shared amongst others but I really could eat the whole thing. for the price I do think the porterhouse for 2 is a little small. it's always cooked to perfection. We also had the delmonico this time, which is a ribeye cut,  and it was good but wasn't blown away by it. The lobster Mac n cheese is by far the best side and the portion is generous with plenty of lobster meat. My Caesar salad was a little under dressed and nothing spectacular. Asparagus side was a little bland also. 
the service is pretty good and the environment is great. really feels like an upscale old school steakhouse but definitely not snobby.
When people ask me where to get steak I always send them to butchers!Visited family for weekend 2 months ago and had to eat here. I'm new to Yelp, but my daughter suggested that I have an account since me and my husband are such foodies and I'm quick to give an honest review.:)My husband loves the steak here. Professional staff. Courteous waiter. Delicious food , they never fail! My husband got the Delmonico cooked medium. Nice and tender according to him. I got the swordfish with a side of Brussels sprouts. So good! It's worth the money. I have no issue paying good money for excellent food, service, and ambiance. Our go to dinner date place whenever we are back visiting.I really like this restaurant- the Caesar salad is my absolute favorite. The steak is also amazing and the staff is always super eager to help.Love this place. The Ambiance is amazing. Food and customer service is superb. You have to get valet if you aren't parking in a garage or aren't use to city street parking. Best to make reservations. We had the tomahawk cut which was delicious. I love this place.Bitcher and singer is a dinner place and it is in a perfect location on rittenhouse square. Perfect for any night on the town to Philly. I came here in August and wanted to rate my experience on this place.
K- the place was clean, it is a top of the line steakhouse, the bathrooms were really clean as well! 
I- the hostess and the server represented the place well. They were all very professional.
S- the service was decent. The food came out at a good time. However, they weren't very attentive with us as far as our drinks go. They didn't fill up our waters as much as we desired.
S- I got the filet mignon and it was TO DIEEE FOR. It was a great steak and it was amazing. The sides were good too and for desert I had the baked Alaska and that was amazing as well. For a fancy steakhouse the price wasn't bad and it was actually much cheaper than Gordon's restaurant in Las Vegas.
Overall a fabulous place to dine and perfect location to drink at bars after and have fun ;)You will NOT be disappointed! My husband and I go here often, and love it every time. While he is definitely a steak guy who loves the Delmonico, I do not eat red meat and yet enjoy the food just as much. The salmon is my favorite, and the sides are amazing as well. As for dessert, I am usually a chocolate person, but the Baked Alaska is a must-try!
Service is always impeccable and the atmosphere is cool, you feel like you're in an old mob movie or something. 
Yes it is a bit pricey, but if you're willing to spend the money than it is definitely worth it. One of our top picks in the city!Portions are huge and the prices are so reasonable for the entire package; delicious food, beautiful yet unpretentious ambiance, great service
Loved it all. Would definitely go back!It was five years ago I gave this place 4/5 stars but there new policy of charging $2 for ice in a drink is a complete turn off. When a group of three spends almost $500, is this additional really necessary? The steak is great but I will be choosing a different steakhouse next time based on this absurd policy.First time going to Butcher and Singer and it was fabulous! Will definitely go every visit to  PhiladelphiaI ate here for restaurant week.  Please immediately note that I didn't order a steak, so take my review for what it is.
The ambiance is gorgous.  Its a throwback of mid century glamour, in the best sort of way.  The waiter dress in full suits and are incredibly attentive.
I found the food to be excellent but fairly safe and expensive.  None of this should be surprising for a steakhouse of this sort.  That being said, everything (aside from the dessert) I would order again.  But if you asked me what I had in a month or two I won't remember (and I have a great food memory).
I found the strawberry lime sorbet to be way too sweet.  It was like a mixed drink mix with extra sugar added and then frozen.  I took two small spoonfuls of it and waiting for the waitress to ask if I like it.  She did not.  She even bussed it with no question or comment.  
I ordered a $19 glass of wine which was stellar.  Similar to the rest of the meal, it was great but certainly no steal.
Good for groups and special occasions.  You won't be disappointed.  The ambiance is certainly its main appeal.Went here the week after Valentine's day for dinner. This place is impressive, it's so beautifully decorated like you've been transported to the old Hollywood era. The customer service is outstanding and is attentive without being overbearing. We had the bone-in filet mignon which was the special. Out of this world delicious with the stuffed hashbrowns (you have to get these) and the brussel sprouts. I had heard rave reviews for the baked alaska and couldn't pass it up. We were not dissappointed.
Special shout out to our server, Ricky. He was amazing!! Great attitude, friendly, funny, charming and extremely helpful. Thanks for making our experience perfect!Our concierge at the Sofitel hotel recommended this place for us.
We had a great dinner here. The food was really good.
The aged meat was very tender and tasty. We also ordered the cream spinach to go with our meal.
For desert we had the Alaska, it was insanely good!!!The lunch special burger was awesome! It was a lot of meat and a lot of fries. It beats the other burger places around... I will be back!! PS - as for dinner, i have not gone yet.. but i will one day..I tried this place for the first time, on Tuesday. I went for lunch and tried the Salmon, with mashed potatoes. It was very good, and the mashed potatoes were amazing.. The service was good, and there was a nice atmosphere. I took a cheesecake home to go, which was just ok, I should have gotten the Baked AlaskanIf you're ready to spend a lot of money for a phenomenal steak, you absolutely cannot go wrong at Butcher and Singer.  The ambiance is retro classy.  I half expected to see Don Draper and his girlfriend in the corner booth.  
COCKTAILS
Creative (egg whites?) and tasty(rosemary!!), but not boozy enough for the money.  Stick with wine.  
STEAKS
I had the Delmonico and my hubs had the NY Strip.  Both were perfectly prepared and cooked to the right temp.  
SIDES
We had the creamed spinach and the hash brown.  The creamed spinach was creamed spinach.  The hash brown was a delicious pan fried cake of shredded potato, onion, sour cream and (I think) cheese.  It was really, REALLY delicious, but next time, I'd stick with a more traditional baked or mashed potato for my traditional steak dinner.  
SERVICE
Bright and cheerful without being snooty or intrusive.  
All together, another great meal at one of Master Starr's restaurants!The interior of this restaurant is BEAUTIFUL! It has gorgeous high ceilings and lots of space. Fantastic location in center city. It's expensive but we came here for restaurant week once which is the best bang for your buck. The steak was cooked perfectly medium rare. The sides are extra. Overall it's a great steakhouse and for the price of restaurant week it was awesome. Non-restaurant week, the price of a steak is about $40 and that doesn't include any sides. The service was impeccable. Dim lighting and very romantic.My husband and I made reservations at Butcher and Singer for our birthdays. I had read previous reviews and was really excited to go!  I have to say that the restaurant completely matched my expectations. We arrived a few minutes before our actual reservation time, with the intention of having a drink at the bar but were seated immediately.
The service in the beginning was a tad slow while we waited for our drink orders to be taken but nothing outrageous. A prior review commented about the cocktail straws being too small for the glasses. I mentioned this to my husband and we laughed because it is true. It made my vodka tonic just a little awkward to drink.
Our server, Alison, explained the menu briefly but we had already settled on our order before we set foot in the restaurant. We ordered the porterhouse for two cooked medium, and the stuffed hash browns. We were going to order a crab cake appetizer and a side of asparagus as well but at the last second decided not to. Funnily enough, we were offered for an additional $15 to have our steak "Oscar" style, which was topped with lump crab and served over asparagus and covered with a bernaise sauce. It was fate.
Our food was served timely and let me say that steak was the most incredible steak I've ever had. It was cooked perfectly and was so tender and the perfect color. The spice rub gave the outside a nice crisp that we both loved. My husband ranked it the second best he's ever had, only beaten by a steak he had at the Chop House in Chicago. We were both a little surprise at the stuffed hash browns after all of the stellar reviews here. We found them a little bland, and I thought a tad salty. My husband liked the lump crab and we both enjoyed the asparagus, if only to feel a little less guilty about all the rest. The house made steak sauce was tangy and a great compliment to the perfectly seasoned steak. 
We had planned on ordering dessert but ended up too stuffed to even consider it. Butcher and Singer was an incredible meal for a special occasion and I look forward to a return trip!You swirled my Ciroc martini elegantly in its shaker, indulging me as five blue cheese olives (which you stuffed and skewered) brushed the lip of my glass and soaked in the sweet libation. Your formal waistcoat and jacket enhanced the quiet, classy mood, avoiding cliches as effortlessly as the decor, with its textured wallpaper, low lighting, heavy curtains, and white tablecloths. Later, your sidecar moved surreptitiously into my realm, its citrine flavors both seductive and clean. When I had to leave you, I was breathless and thrilled.I live for restaurant week for one reason only. That reason is Butcher and Singer. 
The RW menu is a perfect sampling of all of their deliciousness. The steak is juicy and full of flavor. The mashed potatoes are creamy . If you don't want to break the bank however, skip the cocktails. No matter when you go, make sure to dress classy. This is a classy establishment (think Mad Men!). No jeans, please! I always feel like my effort has gone to waste when I see someone in chucks. 
We did order a baked potato (off the RW menu!). It was worth the extra as it was buttery and salty. 
I felt like high society dining here and getting waited on by such a great staff. I can't wait for next time!Most excellent steaks, very good selection of wine. The specialty salad is the perfect addition to the steak menu and compliments the taste of the New York steak.
Judging on the way they look, move and talk it seems that the waiters are professional actors. Not to mention that one can ask the waiter to lecture about wine or caramelization of steaks. 
The atmosphere is fantastic. Brilliant choice of dimmed light, oak panels and marble for such place - it feels like you are in a movie.
Sides are also delicious, I recommend mushrooms - very tender and juicy, cooked to perfection.Went out for a special occasion at Butcher and Singer (15th anniversary). We had high expectations, and somehow, they exceeded them!  
The decor was classy old school. (And you can't go wrong with the setting of the old Striped Bass.) The wine list had great options:  nice high end bottles, as well as $40 +/- options. The cocktail options were very creative. The manhattan was amazing in particular. 
We both had soup, and I have to say the French onion was one of the best I've ever had.  Our entrees were the cod (they were out of the halibut) and the delmonaco steak with a side of the home fried potatoes.  Both were outstanding. 
Hoping to go back soon!!Quite pricey, yet a very classy establishment to enjoy a nice juicy cut steak.  Highly recommended if you're looking for place to celebrate an anniversary with your date, wife or partner or looking to spend some $100 bills with a group of executives or directors.
Try the medium rare filet mignon as a main entree.  The cut of meat was prepared perfectly had a nice red interior.  (Don't forget to order sides, like broccoli, mushrooms, etc.  They are not included.)
For dessert, get yourself (or share with your guest) a nice warm apple crumb cake with a mini scoop of french vanilla ice cream and a thin slice of dried green apple on top!Last night my husband and I went on a date night, and imagine my surprise when we arrived at Butcher and Singer. I was a little leery because it's a bit pricey for a Thursday night, but what better way to celebrate not having your 3 kids for a few hours? Yay. 
As soon as we walked in, I felt like I was supposed to have someone grab my coat and ask me if I wanted some champagne. The only problem is that I didn't wear a coat, and well... I'm pregnant so the champagne was out! 
The only issue of the night came when we walked in and announced we had arrived for our reservation. The hostess looked at my husband and asked if he could remove his "HAT" or "Beanie". Well.... we're Jewish, so my husband promptly explained he doesn't remove his Yarmulke or Kipa for religious reasons. She promptly apologized. But I thought it was a bit odd. I cant imagine shes never seen a yarmulke before... but I digress. 
The service was impeccable. The waitress was very well knowledgeable about the liquor, food and everything! She answered our questions and even made a few suggestions. I ordered the Salmon and white bean salad, and Brussels sprouts, which the waitress explained was cooked in sherry, and bacon. I thanked her for letting me know about the bacon (prev noted, I'm a Jew remember?) so I ordered it without it. 
I know what your thinking, how could we go here and not get a steak? Unfortunately, I didn't want to feel too "heavy" after wards so I opted for fish. Lame I know. 
My husband got the Colorado lamb chops and creamed spinach and we also ordered the stuffed hash browns, which everyone on yelp raves about. When the food came, I took a bite, and it was orgasmic. I mean i literally almost lit a cigarette to calm me down. 
The salmon was off the hook, cooked perfectly, with some sort of tomato-like vinegar sauce as a drizzle? My husbands lamb chops were crusty, well seasoned and delicious. The hash browns are served family style so it was more than enough to share, and they were good too! Everything was perfect. The manager came around and thanked us for dining there and hoped we would come back. 
Even thought I was stuffed, my spouse insisted we get the baked alaska for dessert, which was a slice of angel cake with homemade banana icecream with apricots and whipped cream, baked into  a delicious little ball. Mmmmmm.  I had to recline my seat in the car on the way home because I know i gained 40 pounds!
I wont mention the amount of the total bill, because well... lets be honest, it you've read any of the reviews, you know its not Outback Steakhouse. I will say it was worth every penny and NOT nearly as expensive as I thought. We sprung for the valet service, which was an additional $16.00 though. 
We will definitely be back to Butcher and Singer, and next time I'm getting the 8oz Fillet Mignon!Loved it! Superb everything.  Got the Bees Knees/Gin and Lavender martini and it was amazing!  Excellent service by extremely friendly, attentive--but not in your face--professional staff.  Incredibly fresh, cold, crunchy Cesar salad, filet cooked to perfection and served at the perfect temperature, and the stuffed hash browns were so good that I was trying to dissect them to figure out how to recreate them at home--I don't think I'll come close though.  We got a slice each of carrot cake and the chocolate fudge cake and both were super moist and flavorful.  The filet mignon was soooo delicious and tender. The seating is comfortable with tufted chairs in an intimate and cozy setting, and we never felt rushed.   Highly recommend for a great steak house lovely meal.I had a business dinner here on a night they weren't busy.  The place is beautiful, and they get points for that.  The food was fine, but not more than that.  My appetizer (chopped salad/antipasti) was OK, as was my entree (swordfish) but neither were memorable.  My companions seemed satisfied with their filet/halibut.  The service was good and the waiter was attentive, if a bit robotic in the requisite recitals and didn't interact well with my guest.
Overall, it's a decent meal at a luxury location for a pretty high price.what a great evening!  started off with martinis at the bar (which were absolutely perfect).   between the 4 of us we ordered asparagus, stuffed hash brown, brussel sprouts, baked potato, new york strip, filet and swordfish.  everything was perfectly flavored and the service was great.  this is a must go to spot.Four stars for their food, and the extra star is for the fancy decoration...
Really amazing..Definitely worthy to try
We went Butcher and Singer in the restaurant week. Although some people think the special menu is too basic, I do think originals are always the best. Plus, the quality is good as regular orders.
Appetizer: Shrimp Cocktail
I was impressed by the appetizer..the shrimps were really fresh, and the cocktail sauce was differentiate from Bubba Gump Shrimp level restaurants.
Entree: 8oz. Beef Filet
Butcher and Singer is famous as a steak house, so I definitely choose the dish what they are great at. I always ask for medium rare because it would keep the original flavor of meats perfectly. The beef was juicy and tasteful. It was not very special, but it absolutely meets your expectation. 
btw, I had mashed potato as the side..It was good too. You can tell how decent the restaurant is from those less important things
Dessert: Chocolate Salted Caramel Tart
A very delicate dessert. Perfect mixed flavors
Tips:
Strongly encourage you to go there in restaurant week!!
You would never regretBest ribeye steak, and French onion soup.Great service. Loved the whole experience and ambiance. I will definitely go back.Butcher and Singer is absolutely adorable and charming. From the waiters old-school tuxedo style uniforms, to the eclectic decor. The Food was fantastic. My boyfriend had one of the steaks and mashed potatoes and I had the Butcher salad and asparagus (which were laughably huge! My boy said it best- "Did the Jolly Green Giant grow those or what?) and we shared a piece of the chocolate layer cake which was delicious. The decor is charming and so much fun. Make sure you peek at the signs on the bathroom-they're definitely different! Actually the only thing I was disappointed with was the actual bathrooms. If you've read some of my other reviews, you know I have a weird obsession with really nice bathrooms and this one was simply...boringly average. I think I expected more from how much fun the rest of the restaurant was. But everything was great. very nice place and would definitely return.Just stopped by for a cocktail.  Bar staff was incredibly professional and knowledgeable. They make a great manhattan with their own bourbon concoction.I will start by saying we have always had a great evening at Starr restaurants. This however is another story. 
I will start with the hostess, who told us it would be a few minutes before our table was ready. No big deal as we informed her we would head to the bar for a cocktail. We placed an order for drinks, only to be interrupted by the hostess who stated that our table was ready. I informed her that we ordered cocktails and would be just a minute. Now this is a first, she looked at us and said sorry, although we do not look busy now, we have to adhere to the reservation time and you cannot sit at the bar and wait for a drink. REALLY! 
OK, so we informed the bartender of the change of plans. We are then walked over to a table in the upper left hand side of the room, but were told the chairs and couch we were to sit in cannot be moved out for us to fit since the adjoining tables were touching the backs of the chairs. We reluctantly sat down and waited a few minutes for our server Ricky to come over. He happened to be the only bright spot of the evening. We asked him if the small table across from us was his and after he relied yes, we asked to be moved. He had to go check with the hostess if that was OK, and came back and said yes. When we asked him why the tables were so close together, he responded by saying that for Valentine's weekend that they squeeze in as many additional tables as they can. 
Needless to say, after ordering our first cocktails, we waited approx 15 minutes for them. Had we stayed at the bar for our original order we would have enjoyed them without the wait. 
Now for the food. While my wife was looking forward to surf and turf and I settled on a dry aged porterhouse with Oscar topping, we also had a shrimp cocktail and oysters. Nothing special by any means. The wedge salad was actually our high point and for $13 for 1/4 head of iceberg, just a tad overpriced. 
When the entree's came out, they looked wonderful. The lobster tail was a nice size. The filet was raw, cold, raw center not the slightest bit warmed or cooked. We asked for it to be redone and within 2 minutes the manager brought it back over. He barely apologized as he slid it back onto my wife's plate. While the outer was now char coaled, the  meat itself was still raw. However, the manager never made eye contact, now did he come over to see why the steak remained untouched.
The porter house was nothing special and for the price was way too much. We have had better steaks at many steak houses and lower budget restaurants.
SO, this magical evening that should have been came with a $300 bill, no apologies whatsoever, and leaving us pretty disgusted that we wasted our time and money in this place. So not the experience we thought we would have!!!!Great steakhouse. Great ambiance. Went there with two of my friend. We ordered 2 appetizers, fried calamari and oysters rockefeller. All of us agreed the oysters were disappointing. It was just meh!!! Calamari was crispy and nice. Then all 3 of is ordered 18oz delmonico... MAN O MAN!!! BEST STEAK WE HAVE EVER HAD!!! It was delicious, perfectly cooked, well seasoned. As I am writing this review I am drooling just by thinking about that steak!!! We also ordered 2 sides. Sides are shareable and good size. We ordered stuffed hash brown and mushroom and onions. Everyone that dined there advised us to get hash brown. Now don't get me wrong, if you like potato and lots of cheese, this is for you!!! We thought this was too heavy for us. (We had some leftover and I took it home for my husband, he loved it!!) Our second side, mushroom and onion was good. Then we ended our dinner with 2 desserts, chocolate fudge cake and lemon box ice pie. I am not a big fan of lemon pie, but my friends loved it.. so I am guessing it was great.. not a crumb was left behind!!! Chocolate fudge cake was average... I'll definitely come back to butcher and singer for their Delmonico steak. I highly recommend this steak!!! Also when you go there and ask for Brian.. HE IS GREAT!!!This is clearly one of the very best restaurants in Philadelphia. It's certainly my favorite. Steaks and other meat are properly cooked and always delicious. Even lobster tail here is excellent. Staff is efficient and friendly to just the right degree. Reservation times are honored and you won't be forced to wait past your reserved time. Prices are comparable to other better restaurants but here the food is well worth the cost. Don't forget dessert. It's excellent and worth the calories.Great spot. Traditional steak house feel. Food is fantastic. The seafood is as good as anyplace. The sides are fantastic. Get the lobster Mac. There is almost to much lobster. Hash browns are amazing. Ask for Brian when you make your reservation. Hands down best steak house waiter I have ever seen. His performance made the meal that much betterSteak at its finest
I've been meaning to go to Butcher and Singer for a long time based on its high review count as well as overall rating. I'm a big fan of eating meat, but I usually find steakhouses overpriced for what you're getting. However, Butcher and Singer definitely had some of the best steaks I ever had at a steakhouse (even though it was probably still overpriced).
We came here with a group of 16 people (had to make reservations through their special events department). We were told we had to order off a set menu (which makes our group sad), so we did the set-menu. However, once we got to the restaurant, we were able to order off the regular menu as well so that turned out very well. The restaurant itself is very tastefully decorated, looks like your traditional steakhouse. Dim lighting (but enough to see everything clearly), well dressed waiters and waitresses, and comfortable chairs and tables. I will say the wine list is some of the most overpriced I've ever seen (a retail $55 bottle of wine for $175?).
All the food I ate was delicious. Crab cake was full of crab, and some of the best I ever had. Crispy exterior, melt in your mouth interior. Oysters were delicious as well, fresh and flavorful. The mixed green salad I had was decent, nothing to write home about. I got a medium Porterhouse, it was cooked and seasoned perfectly. Outside was just the right amount of cripyness with a tender and flavorful interior. Brussel sprouts were good, the mashed potatoes were creamy and delicious. The fries were fried very well, but a bit salty. Bacon mac and cheese was amazing, and the green beans amandine were very flavorful (and relatively healthy). The assorted desserts we got were delicious as well , favorite is by far the carrot cake.this place reminds me of Gatsby--like a mobster would own this restaurant. Their drinks are expensive but delicious. I went there for restaurant week and it was definitely a good deal! I sometimes feel like restaurants don't serve their usual or good quality meats during restaurant week but butcher & singer delivered good food. I must say that the portions are on the smaller side but it was perfect for me. 
the place was a bit crowded and the table i was sitting in was very close to other tables.Butcher and Singer is my favorite steakhouse in Philly. It is elegantly decorated and you feel so glam dining here. Everything about this place is 5 stars! The food is amazing, I recommend trying the bacon as an appetizer. This place is pricey but well worth it. The service is phenomenal and they try their best to make sure you are getting a great experience. I recommend going during restaurant week. I have been to this place outside of restaurant week and during restaurant week and the service and food was the same both times. You can tell that the value quality over everything. This place is great for a birthday celebration or a fancy date night. Guaranteed you will feel like you had the best meal.This restaurant is INCREDIBLE. 
I've been here twice so far and each time the food and service were superb. 
French Onion soup is delicious, with a nice thick layer of melted cheese covering the pot. 
Calamari is low on the calamari but sooo tender. 
Filet Mignot, perfectly coooked. The large size is enough to share if you are ordering an app and sides. 
My dad ordered the pork chops and says they are the best chops he's ever had. 
Sides: all sides were superb. Mash potato was smooth and creamy. The hash browns were different and crunchy. I wouldn't order them again, but definitely something to at least try. All the veggie sides were great too. 
I highly recommend this restaurant to anyone looking to indulge in a great meal.
One thing I'd like to note is that each time we were there, we had two servers. Waters were always full and we never had to wait to ask for anything. Service is superb.The burger here is fantastic!!! Awesome service. A bit pricey but it's worth it.Amazing burgers at lunch for only $10.00. Service is typical Stephen Starr quality which means consistent and very good. We have been there once for dinner and it was equally as good as lunch. Nice atmosphere for a great night out. Drinks are pricey but food worth the trip.Butcher and Singer would typically exceed my budgetary limitations for any ole' dinner, but recently I had the opportunity to throw caution to the wind and dine here on the company dime.  We were here for a late lunch/early dinner and the service hardly reflected the awkward timing.  The atmosphere was beautiful and even though we were one of the only tables in the restaurant at the time, I can imagine that even with every table filled the acoustics would have allowed for a more intimate dining experience then many other restaurants in the city.  It was also the perfect setting for our group of 6--not scrunched and cramped like many other center city places. 
One of our guests is a non-meat eater (blasphemy!) but got along just fine with their seafood selections.  I am one of those awful customers who orders beautiful cuts of meat "well done" and I appreciated that the server and chef did not bock at my request and instead presented me with a delicious, juicy, and tender (but not pink!) slab of beef.  Admittedly it was a bit saltier than I would have prepared myself--which I had read MANY other reviewers complain about.  I didn't lodge a formal complaint with the manager, though, so this proves it was anything but inedible. (I'm one of those ruthless "complain-to-the-manager" types). 
We shared lots of the side dishes and I particularly enjoyed the asparagus and mashed potatoes.  The mushrooms and onions were also a table favorite.  The other diners in our party each had the veal chops, pork chops, and lamb chops, and each commented on the quality.  If I won the lottery--I might come back here--although I think I might give some other center city "$$$$" category restaurants a try first.What got us in was all the news about the $5.95 burger, but I'd rather focus more on everything else that made this a great restaurant experience. The burger was fantastic and it even came with equally delicious fries. If not the best burger in town, its unquestionably one of the best! We were greeted warmly and seated right away. Our server was prompt and polite in the way that a real person is...not because of rehearsed greetings that too many corporate restaurants use. Service gets an A+ across the boards.The physical restaurant also gets an A+. I don't know the history behind the building/space, but whoever built it originally did not cut any corners. The room is lavish and elegant, and I may be redundant...but it was that nice. The ONLY reason I'm not giving it a 5 star rating is because I want to see what the dinner experience is all about before I rank this luxury restaurant based on one lunch. I'm optimistic about that and looking forward to doing that soon!Wow. The best meal I've ever had period. Get the steak, get the hash browns, get the baked Alaska, get two orders of biscuits!Unbelievable! I can't wait to come back to philly for more.Everything here was amazing. They know how an old fashioned steak house should be run. From the restaurant decor, vaulted ceilings, attentive, and black tie clad wait staff. Everything was amazing! The bartender was knowledgeable and knew how to prepare some cocktails that were throwbacks to the roaring 20's. The steak was succulent, the sides were delectable. My only complaint if I had to was the exorbitant pricing. But you know what? I would rather spend tons of money and have a delicious meal that I enjoy.The food and the service are top notch. We both had steaks.  My wife had the porterhouse and I had the delmonico.  Both were cooked to perfection. 
The seating is in an old bank with an extremely high ceiling.  I understand the wine cellar is in the old bank vault.Solid restaurant week spot.  Every year I get together with my oldest friend, Lindsey G. from Philadelphia, her mom, and my mom for a girl's night out.  Due to my yelp prowess it's my job to pick the restaurant and make the reservation.  Butcher and Singer seemed like a good pick because of it's central location, and red meat options.  We are all steak eaters.  None of us had been to Butcher and Singer before, and we thoroughly enjoyed the meal.
I went with the fresh mozzarella with eggplant for my appetizer.  The mozzarella was very fresh, and pleasantly salty, with some acid cutting though the creaminess creating a very well balanced dish.  For my entree I had to do the filet.  I really only get this when it's offered at RW, and it was perfectly cooked to medium rare, and very well seasoned.  The mashed potatoes were creamy, but not overly rich.  For dessert I had the chocolate bread pudding.  Bread pudding is a favorite dessert of mine, and this one was only okay.  It needed to be warmer and more chocolatey.  The bananas on top were a nice touch though.  
Service was good.  The waitress returned several times to ask how things were, and to refill drinks.  I went with the $8 cabernet that was on special.  It was very fruity for a cab, but still went well with the meal.  The interior is very dark, and we were seated on what seemed like living room chairs.  Very comfortable, but kind of low to the table.  It was also a little on the loud side.  The ceiling is very pretty.  I wasn't sure how I felt about dog murals at restaurants, but the dogs here are dressed so nicely, and look so dapper, that I have to give it two thumbs up.  Second favorite decor item was the steer head in the center of the room.  It signals to me that this is a place to order steak.  Winning.I have been at Butcher and Singer several times, both during restaurant week and during regular times. It is one of my favorite restaurants in Center City because of the atmosphere, service and quality of food.  There is a good cocktail menu and a nice bar for while you are waiting for your table. You can't go wrong with any of the steaks, but I have to also mention that there are options for non-beef eaters as well.  One of my favorite entrees is actually the fried shrimp.  Side items must be ordered separately.  The stuffed hash browns are the BEST!   We like to order these and eat some with our meal and then take the rest home to have with eggs for breakfast the next day.Really delicious and always consistent but pricey as expected.Love this place! 
My wife and I celebrated my big 5-0 with a nice dinner out, and Butcher and Singer did us right. Having walked out of a nearby restaurant where we had made reservations days before but were not acknowledged for 15 min. after being seated, we managed to wander into Butcher and Singer and found a cozy spot - the only available - near the bar. Our server, Matthew, was fantastic. He acknowledged us within a few minutes, and his friendly, knowledgeable demeanor instantly announced that we were in the right place for this special occasion. We were soon enjoying a massive, extravagantly delectable shellfish platter, an extensive sampling of items from the raw bar. This was complimented by what is most likely the best biscuits we've had outside the home, and the vinaigrette paired nicely with the oysters and clams. 
Soon we were on to the main course, each of us having ordered an 8 oz. fillet with Oscar compliment (I recommend adding the King Crab for just $2 over the standard Oscar). Steaks were cooked perfectly, melting in the mouth and enhanced by our choices of creamed spinach and Butcher and Singer's signature hash browns. Amazingly, we had enough room to round things out with a slice of key lime pie, which rivaled a few I've had in the Keys (and that ain't hyperbole). Yet, it was Matthew's attentive, friendly service that ultimately made our experience worthy of celebrating a 50th birthday. 
All in all, our first visit to Butcher and Singer was everything that we expected and more. I highly recommend spending a few extra dollars and choosing this establishment over others in the area. As always, you get what you pay for.If you are looking for a venue for a small party, this is the place.  We had our "wedding reception" here after a small courthouse marriage.  With 9 people, the service was completely flawless.  The drinks were never empty, all questions about the dishes answered, and all of the meals came out quickly (and together).  The staff was very friendly and all gave best wishes to us, even wait staff that wasn't assigned to our table.  We chose B&S because they have a Chef's Table rather than a private room, so we got the ambiance of the restaurant with the added privacy.  
The shellfish platter appetizer was perfect in its simplicity, the steaks were cooked to perfection, and the drinks were on point (I tried several of their signature drinks, Bee's Knees was my personal favorite).
The absolute best part of the experience was the cake.  Wedding cake is always important and they did not fail us.  We ordered a carrot cake, and it ended up being absolutely perfect.  Not too sweet, dense cream cheese icing.  They even called me the week before to find out which cake toppers we had so they knew how to reinforce the top so they didn't  sink.  
I cannot say enough good things about this restaurant.  They have my business for life!I made a reservation for butcher and singer and I came here on my birthday with my boyfriend. First off, the service was okay. It could have been a lot better but I felt like the restaurant was crowded so the service was lacking. My boyfriend and I were seated in a really bad area of the restaurant where the cold air from the outside kept blowing in on us. Most of our food was pretty good. We ordered a 1/2 dozen of oysters, French onion soup, fillet mignon, and a New York strip. The steaks were great and the oysters was very delicious. The only dish that wasn't that good was the French onion soup. Overall our experience was good. Just bad seating even though we made a reservation a week earlier.Wow! I've been in Philly for many years now and up until last night had never been to B&S...  I finally made it there & was blown away. 
Steakhouses usually aren't at the top of my list because they all feel the same to me, but B&S comes out above the rest for a few reasons... I absolutely loved the old Hollywood glam atmosphere! & our server was amazing! It's almost like he had a sixth sense as to when our wine glasses needed to be topped off (we ordered a bottle for the table & never had to touch it to pour ourselves). 
We had the lobster mac & brussels  sprouts, both of which I highly recommend! There was an unbelievable amount of lobster in the lobster mac, and while decadent it wasn't too heavy. 
It goes without saying our steaks were cooked perfectly. I loved the char these steaks had. My only complaint would be my steak was a little salty.
I can't wait to come back! If you are looking for an unforgettable experience at a steakhouse, look no further!"Judgement Free Zone!?" 
My wife & I went here for our anniversary which I am not sure why they bothered asking if it was a special occasion because they did nothing special unlike (Del Frisco's, or Tulia's Garden) 
We have been to many high-end steak houses & this was our first time here. I have been to mostly all of the Steven Starr establishments but this place was a little different. I felt like we were being judged on what wine we ordered & how much food we ordered. We ordered a bottle of wine, 2 apps, 2 sides & 2 dinners.  After we ordered it just seemed like we were just $ signs sitting at a table. It seemed the more wine you bought the better service you got. Even though we were already spending $200 plus on dinner!!  
The food was very good! Service just ok but again its all about racking up the bill to get A+ service. We had the wedge, crab cake, veal chop, filet, stuffed hash browns & creamed spinach. Everything was delicious & cooked perfectly!!   I highly recommend the veal chop medium rare in the peppercorn cognac sauce!! The filet was also great!!! Ask for a sauce to go with your steak!! 
Overall: Great food but not it's not Del Friscos!!! No hurry to return!The service is exceptional. I want to give a shout out to our waiter Brian who made it feel like we were friends after the meal. He was excellent in attending to us and made the whole meal more fun and entertaining. And he did a great job in selling the menu items - we ended up changing our orders based off his recommendations. At the end of the meal, he even offered to help us grab a taxi home. 
The interior of the restaurant is also another reason to come back. It's got art-deco vibes - dimly lit except for certain highlighted pieces like the grand chandeliers and dog art. Tall ceilings, luxury, glamour - it's great. The tables are mostly circular tufted leather booths - very comfortable. 
The food itself was just as amazing as the rest of the experience. We started off with a bottle of Malbec which was absolutely so smooth. We got the tuna tartare - very fresh and clean, and then we got the 18oz Delmonico to share. It was perfectly seared and cut like butter. We also got the twin lobster tails to share and I would highly recommend adding them to whatever you order. They are huge, yet very tender. We got the stuffed hash browns and the brussels sprouts as sides. But the thing that really stood out was the bread basket - a phyllo-layered-like biscuit that was perfectly crisp on the outside but amazingly soft on the inside. Paired with their honey butter, I felt like I could just eat that for the whole meal. In retrospect, I wish I had asked to bring a doggie bag with just the biscuits home. 
All in all, did not disappoint at all. The service and staff are incredible here and it's really an experience you cannot miss out on.My boyfriend and I were lucky enough to get a reservation at Butcher and Singer for restaurant week and it definitely did not disappoint. Unlike a lot of other restaurants during restaurant week, we were seated after a minimal wait, which was a pleasant surprise. The service was fast and efficient (but not to the point of feeling like you're being pushed out), and our server Cherry Blossom was as friendly and courteous as they come. The food overall was delicious. The only reason for four stars is because for a steakhouse I thought the steak (boyfriends dish) was just meh, although as my boyfriend points out they may serve different cuts for restaurant week. I ordered the roasted chicken which was incredible. My only qualm with that was the small serving of root vegetables that came with it because they too were delicious and I would have loved to have more. All in all I'd absolutely recommend the place, and will definitely be going back to taste their regular menu.The food and the service were both excellent.  I expected no disappointments, given the atmosphere and the price, and I got was I expected. They made me a perfect Manhattan and my wife was totally satisfied with the martini that she ordered.  I was here with 7 people, so we were able tried several of the appetizers and sides.  Everything was delicious.  The stuffed hash browns are great, they're very rich though and pretty large,  one is definitely enough for 2-3 people   I had the Delmonico steak and my wife had the porterhouse.  Both were delicious and cooked perfectly. We were too full to try desert but we'll be going back soon to check out the baked Alaska.  Butcher and Singer isn't cheap, but you get what you pay for.Everything about Butcher and Singer is top notch. The food, the drinks, the ambiance and the service are in my opinion, the best in Philadelphia.
I have had the pleasure of dining here a few times and each time the entire experience is better than the last.
My favorite steak is the delmonico. They suggest having it cooked between medium rare and medium, which is the perfect temperature. The cut of meat is a great size and it is packed with flavor!
The side dishes are all shareable, 2-3 is usually a good amount for a party of 4. My personal favorites are the mashed potatoes and green beans. 
This place is the perfect spot for any occasion. It's pricey, but absolutely worth it!!The new biscuits are great- steak was fantastic as always. Brian was our waiter and the service was superb. Great place to take clients.I was asked to arrange a dinner for our site leadership team and selected Butcher and Singer to host.  I have no regrets and received strong positive reviews from all 15 of the guests (myself included).  
I started with oysters, I mean hey its on the company, right?  They were fresh and sizable.  We moved on to the Butcher Salad, which saw everyone clean their plate!  I followed with a perfectly cooked Delmonico as we shared mushrooms, onions, and asparagus around the table.  I made sure to save room for a dessert sampling which capped off the night.  While I am sure it is much easier for me to rate them higher since I didn't have to pay the bill, everything was top notch and worth a visit!
How could the night be topped off?  By seeing Mayor Nutter enjoying his meal for the evening at B&S as well!I went here on a random Monday evening, so I can't really speak to the crowd, but the ambiance is exceptional!  The impressive exterior of the corner building opens up to a dimply lit world of wealth and romance.  Our coats were immediately taken as we made our way to the small bar area.  Although the bar area is quite small, with about ten bar seats and a couple small tables, it is a cozy space where you feel separated and yet in full-view of the entire restaurant.  The stools and chairs in the bar area were comfortable and the decor was classy and inviting.  
There was a nice wine selection to suit most pallets and pair with all menu options.  The warm rolls were crunchy outside and soft and airy inside and served with one of the best butters I've ever tasted.  It was slightly salty, soft and a delicious way to top an otherwise pretty standard roll.  The crab cake appetizer was my favorite part of the meal I believe, although, with so many tasty treats, it's hard to be 100% sure.  Filled with massive amounts of lump crab, the crab cake appetizer was served with a micro green salad, which consisted of green apples and mandarin oranges.  The flavors of the green apple, mandarin orange, crab and sauce on the plate was perfect, refreshing and the absolute best crab cake combination I've ever had.  The wedge salad, sans bacon, came with a russian dressing that reminded us of McDonald's special Big Mac sauce, crumbled blue cheese, egg and radish slices.  After adding salt and pepper the salad was quite good and filling and I was actually craving it again the next afternoon.  This certainly wasn't the best salad I've ever had, but the flavors went well together and the russian dressing was a nice twist on the classic wedge I'm used to having.  I'm sure the bacon would have complimented it nicely, but unfortunately I cannot attest to the quality or flavor of that topping.  
For my main dish, I ordered the filet medium.  I was promptly informed that their medium is more akin to what I'd consider medium rare and that their medium plus may better suit my tastes.  So, I received an 8oz. medium plus filet, which was a huge piece of meat and about 2" thick.  The meat was lightly charred on the outside creating a slightly salty, slightly crunchy coating around a warm, moist and tender reddish center.  The meat didn't quite melt in my mouth and wasn't the tenderest cut I've ever ordered, but I enjoyed the lightly seasoned (salt & pepper?) meat very much and had enough leftover for lunch the next day.  
For sides, we had the hashbrowns and green beans.  Both were good and very large servings.  Although the green beans were slightly over-cooked, the light flavor was a nice compliment to the salty hashbrowns and meat.  The hasbrowns were my favorite side with a crunchy hashbrown exterior, filled with what I believe to be diced potatoes, cheese and spices.  
For dessert we sampled the carrot cake, chocolate tart and  orange sherbet.  The orange sherbet was served with a sugar or shortbread type cookie wedge and was lightly sweet and highly refreshing.  The carrot cake had a sweet light icing, but the cake was a bit dry for my taste.  The chocolate tart was rich and delicious with a dark velvety chocolate secured inside a chocolate crust.  
The service was exceptional.  Our waitress was informative and patient.  We were never rushed on a decision or to finish a dish before the next one was served.  The food came out perfectly timed and hot.  The wine was constantly refreshed as was the water, and our napkins were always re-folded when we went to the restroom.  
I would come back to Butcher & Singer for a special evening out, but since the prices are high, it won't be a monthly indulgence.  The food is good, but not amazing, except for the crab-cake, so expect to enjoy the atmosphere and leave with a full belly and light wallet.I have dined many places but this is by far the shang-ri-la of dining experiences. Upon entering the building at 15th and locust you feel as though you have been transported to a 1950's atmosphere decked with leather booths, dark lighting, and long menu's that may have gone out of style a while ago but just seem right here. The maitre'd escorted us to our table while servers in black and white jackets, bow-tie's and aprons bustled about the room 
Our seat overlooked the main dining floor and also was hidden away so that we could have a private conversation. Upon perusing the cocktail menu our server, Donovan, recommended a manhattan for myself. My wife ordered a Moscow Mule and our server mentioned that the ginger beer was house made. Both drinks came out excellent as butter and hot rolls were served. The butter was entirely smooth and rich with a taste of garlic herb. For appetizers I ordered the escargot and my wife had the onion soup. The escargot was served in this rich buttery concoction that was decadent yet made me with I had another roll. My wife's soup was delicious and she enjoyed it greatly. 
For dinner, my wife had a New York Strip and I ordered the Porterhouse. I have to start by saying that I cook a good steak, like so good that family and friends ask me over to do it, like so good that people request me to cook it on both mine and their birthdays. Butcher and Singer's steaks made me look like a fast food hamburger stand. We both could have cut our steaks with a spoon and it was perfectly seasoned with just a bit of salt and pepper to allow the steak to speak for itself. As sides we split the singer fries and the mushrooms and onions. The singer fries are more like hash brown potatoes as my grandmother used to make french fries. A long and arduous process that made them so good. Singer's does not disappoint either. 
For dessert we split the baked Alaska, a piece of pound cake with banana ice cream on top with meringue on top, all toasted and ready to go. Our waiter Donovan asked if we were celebrating anything special and I said it was my birthday and low and behold they added a candle and white chocolate sign reading happy birthday. 
Overall this is not a typical Saturday night out. This is not a fancy occasion night out. This is a once maybe twice significant milestone night out. Needless to say it was as glorious as I thought it would be.When you walk in, the ceiling are massive and the room is large. Not much to break up the noise when the restaurant is packed. The steak is good but a bit salty. The brussel sprouts are so great. The drinks are average. However, I did not have the wine.The service was exceptional which is what you'd expect from a high end restaurant. However, the steak was bland and not well seasoned. My experience with a well aged steak is that it has an intense flavor explosion the minute you bite into it. This wasn't the case and every bite left me feeling like I needed to add salt or some type of flavoring. Unfortunately, there are way too many good restaurants in Philly for me to come back.Okay, let me preface this. 2 points:
1) I have not yet been to Barclay Prime
2) Butcher and Singer is NOT Peter Lugar's.
That being said, for my 28th birthday, my wife and I, along with my brother and his wife, went there for dinner on Saturday. Upon first entering, i felt as though i stepped into an old film- kind of expecting to see Ava Gardner and Sinatra sipping on Martini's at the bar. Obviously, people, i am not retarded and i know that even in his greatness, Stephen Starr had no access to the flux capacitor(at least as far as I know)
After being seated by our period dressed hostess(unless she was just a weird theater girl who always dresses like that), we were seated in quite possibly the most comfortable seats in any restaurant I've been in. 
TAKE THAT, SHITTY BAR STOOLS AT ALMA DE CUBA!!!
We started with some cocktails and ordered some appetizers. We order a 1/2 doz oysters and the lump crab cocktail. Both were excellent, the crab was awesome (though I've always contested that if you fuck that up, then you sir, are worse than Hitler) and the oysters were equally as decadent. I was surprised at the knowledge that our server had about them- he described in depth where exactly they were harvested from. I don't really know a whole lot about them, but i ask questions sometimes to make myself look smarter. God, did that backfire. I felt like a hayseed jackass.
For the main course, we ordered a porterhouse for three that was cooked rare and my brothers wife ordered the fillet that was cooked medium. As far as sides, we ordered the spinach, mushrooms and onions, and the stuffed hash brown. First of all the sides were excellent. The hash brown was in a word, sensual in its context. If i could eat that for breakfast at my local diner every morning i would die a cheesy, potatoey mess. The spinach was also excellent(again, if you screw that up, worse than Hitler. Listen close to that, "the palm"). The mushrooms were very good, an exotic mix, however the onions seemed a little bland. Small complaint, i know, but I've gotta say something bad.
And now for the steaks. I didn't taste the fillet, so i can't comment on that. However, the dry aged porterhouse was borderline orgasmic. Perfect char on the outside-perfect, tender, rare center. Much to the chagrin of my wife, I found myself picking up the bone and ripping the meat off of it with my teeth.
Note to self: Order rib eye next time; avoid spousal embarrassment 
There was a dessert, the fudge cake, which was good. But by that point I was already sold. I recommend this place to anyone who loves a good steak dinner and cool ambiance.One of the best meals I ever had, hands down. The service is great, the place looks incredible, and they have Baked Alaska! 
Nothing is cooler than Baked Alaska.Had my Birthday Dinner here (my husband has great taste!).  The dining room is all old-school, but in a elegant and beautiful way.  I'm looking at the drapes (are they 25 feet long?  longer?) and thinking those things must weigh a ton . . . the chandeliers are ginormous . . . you know they weigh a ton!  This is a grand room!  Service was very good as one would expect.  Shared a Butcher Salad which was good enough . . . it's a salad, but large portion so you want to share this unless it's your entree.  I ordered the 8oz Filet and the Husband ordered the Porterhouse (I think it's about 5 lbs of beef - "UGE").  Everything is a la-carte so we added the stuffed hashbrowns (nothing like you image . . . just order it, your diet is a complete washout anyway)!  We also shared a side of the Brussel Sprouts.  My Filet was excellent, as were the stuffed hashbrowns and brussel sprouts.  I made a few inquiries about the Porterhouse, but the response was just a big smile . . . I will say the Porterhouse was equally savored.  We decided to share a slice of the coconut cake . . . good, but nothing too special.  Let's face it, by the time the cake arrived we were both in a Cholesterol Induced Coma, so who cares about dessert?
We still had to walk back to our hotel in the pouring rain.  So we gathered ourselves together and headed to the front of the restaurant to claim our umbrellas.  Two claim tickets, but only one umbrella.  The young woman trying to locate our 2nd umbrella was really distraught about the missing umbrella (as she should be, I think it was a 10yr old Totes travel umbrella, probably on it's last leg).  Then we played a game called "pick an umbrella, any umbrella."  Obviously I was not a big winner . . . I ended up with the Ikea umbrella, but hey, dinner was fantastic!  So off we went into the wind and rain for the short walk back to our hotel.  If you didn't know, the wind will whip an Ikea umbrella inside out quicker than you can say "diet, what diet?" but then give that umbrella another flip and it's an umbrella again!  So, to the person with my 10yr old Totes travel umbrella . . . enjoy, I've got myself an Ikea inside-out and back-again umbrella (Reg price $5.99, family member price $4.49 - not sure how long the sale lasts).4 stars for the steak though not so much for the ambience. I also didn't like the idea that we rsvp 4 days before and my bf specifically asked for a little more private section then they sat us down 1 table next to the middle. I was a little upset because of that but  I did have an ok experience .Rich interior ; chandeliers invoking horror movie crash down flashbacks.Pressured services.No depth wine list,Hideous  hash browns.Greasy shrooms and onions. Freezer bread rock hard abomination.Good porterhouse for ( barely  enough) two .Baked soggy bottomed Alaska .
International prices for parochial.The place is beautiful, walking in makes you feel beautiful. The hostesses team was warm and inviting, and sat us almost immediately. The menu is everything you would expect from a steakhouse - we ordered all the classics - oysters, shrimp cocktail, escargot, Caesar salad and onion soups to start.  All were great - the Caesar was definitely the weak link. The steaks were all beautiful but the temps were very off. My medium was full on rare and cold in the middle. My husband's medium rare was very well done. We sent his back and they returned with an outstanding piece of meat. The other 4 entrees were good, and so were the sides. We had dessert all fine, but we were to full to truly enjoy. The bill was close to $800 for 6 people and they didn't even comp a dessert for the steak temp errors, it bothered me a little bit. I wasn't looking for anything for free, I just thought it would have been a nice gesture. I would still go back, and think you should go too.Been here several times, and finally felt compelled to review it. The service is just so on point when I eat at other nice (expesive) places and it doesn't stack up I always lament "we should have gone to Butcher." 
Even on Restaurant Week when lots of places shove you out, they treated us as valued customers, with the floor manager checking in a number of times to make sure everything was as expected. And the actual venue is pretty amazing. Super high ceilings, very ornate.
The Hash browns are great, veggie sides are pretty good, and steak I've found is cooked pretty close to how they describe it (medium rare seems to vary at every place, but they do a good job of explaining what their terms mean).
Definitely not cheap, but never felt disappointed any time I've been.A Sunday Night Dinner for our family was a wonderful event. Superb service by everyone from the manager to his assistants to our server and the waitstaff. The food was flawless. Delicious steaks and side dishes to share. 
And try to save room for a few desserts to share. 
It's nice to go with a larger group if you want to taste everything.  
The wine list is extraordinarily deep and wide. 
This place is not for the budget conscious as the prices are high. But the food quality service and satisfaction quotient are at the top.The food is exquisite and the service was phenomenal. The staff was extremely attentive and very helpful with making selections from the wine list and menu. I had the Delmonico steak it was excellent. We had the shellfish, tuna carpaccio and the calamari for appetizers all were excellent. You can't go wrong with anything on the menu.What a wonderful experience! That atmosphere was extremely unpretentious. Just as comfortable and quiet enough for a business dinner as for a date. Our server, Ricky, was positively charming and made us feel very relaxed. His impeccable knowledge of the menu was a delight. Charming, smart, and memorable! The filet was the most amazing suede-like texture that just melted in your mouth. Amazing!We stopped by the small bar in this elegantly dark restaurant for a quick drink before heading to the Philadelphia Theater Company. I ordered the Ginger and Rum cocktail, which was very tasty, although not very strong. I also sampled the Fried Oysters (a little overcooked) and the Stuffed Hash Browns, which were nice snacks at the bar. Our server was attentive and quick, which was greatly appreciated.My husband and I went for our anniversary in December and we had the best experience at Butcher and Singer.  From the atmosphere, to the waitstaff, to the food it was really top notch.  We like to eat at nice places so we are pretty picky, but everything was even better than expected.  My husband even has a new favorite drink, the Moscow Mule!  The only reason I didn't give B&S 5 stars was because they misplaced my coat that was checked in.  When I gave them my ticket they actually brought out someone else's!  When told they weren't really surprised and they returned to searching in the overstuffed coat area for some time.  Finally, I was asked to go in to find it myself.  Not ideal and I will say that I was quite surprised to say the least.  With that being said, I will absolutely return as we had a fantastic time.  I'd recommend holding on to your things though!We came to visit our son who attends college in Philly. This restaurant has very good review. 
We started with a small seafood tower which is delicious, I personally think they are almost as good as Prime Steak's (Las Vegas)seafood tower. Our waiter is very good too. He is attentive but not overwhelming. The ambience is old school like what we expect from a good steak house. 
Everything has been great except for the steak which is cook the right temperature. Mine is pink center through, however, the filet meat itself is very dry. My husband got a porter steak also is dry as well. My son's Delmonico has too much marbling but the meat is tough. Enjoying great steak in various cities and countries are one of our favorite things, so we were disappointed today. 
One last note, their chocolate fudge cake is moist and delicious.
So the only bad review is on the steak.Special date meats!! Have gotten the porterhouse for two many many many times and it's always perfectly cooked. Stuffed hashed browns if you're super hungry (excellent creamy goodness), creamed spinach and green beans were solid sides. Cocktails are well made and the service is lovely (they even split a single salad into two separate plates, thank you). Dress well but wear your loose dress or biggest pair of pants :)Have only been here for lunch, so expect the corporate lunch crowd to be all over this one.
Food's tremendous, service is even better.  Look forward to getting dinner here soon.
The decor  is old-school Philly, which is by itself a reason to go have a drink by the bar after work.The bread is excellent. They get it from metropolitan bakery. I had the burger which was also very good. It comes with a ton of fries on the side, but they were a little too salty.One of the finest meals I have ever had. The fried oysters and the porterhouse were as good as could be expected but the baked Alaska was the real stand out.
Expensive? Yes.
Worth it? DefinitelyGood service and good steak
Pricey for steak house which limits what you can order but steak portion is large so you don't need much more
Atmosphere is sophisticatedCame for lunch. Loved the butcher burger. Huge portions and perfectly cooked and seasoned. Service was great. Decor was made me feel fancy even for lunch. For 11 bucks a person, the lunch experience can't be beat.I went to Butcher and Singer for lunch for the first time today with 4 other people.  The ambiance and sense of luxury was lovely.  Service was very attentive. I ordered the Sliced Fillet salad, my friends had a Seared Tuna salad and Ribeye Steak sanwhiches and steak tartare.  My salad was good. I am a steak snob as I grew up in South Africa where meat is delicious! It's hard to find a good steak here in Philly. The meat was succulent and very rare - they actually never asked how I wanted the steak - but that suited me fine. My guests said their meals were very good too.  So here is the rub. I could only eat half my Fillet salad so I had the rest boxed. By the time dinner rolled by, I was so looking forward to eating my leftovers. Opened the container - and voila - my friends left over TUNA salad! Talk about disappointment! So service screwed up who's was who cos each were handed to us individually. I don't like tuna and I don't like Asian inspired tastes so I won't be eating these leftovers. It kills me to know I don't get to eat the rest of that steak, blue cheese and salad.  People, check your leftovers when you leave! :-)
UPDATE 2/27
I emailed Butcher and Singer to whine about my leftover debacle. Received a brilliant response with an apology and "We would like to make it up to you and invite you back to Butcher and Singer for lunch with our compliments."  That is customer service! Very impressed.My hubby and I had dinner and drinks at Butcher and Singer to celebrate our anniversary. We were able to make reservations easily online and when we arrived, were seated promptly. We treated ourselves to a feast of feasts! We started with 1/2 dozen oysters and drinks. The oysters were very fresh and good...no complaints there. The drinks were also very good. They have a decent selection of signature cocktails and an extensive bar. We then moved onto the onion soup which was excellent...perfect! The escargot was also very delicious...just the right amount of garlic. Finally we moved onto our main entree. Given all the other food we had already ordered, we decided to share a porterhouse for 1 with a side of stuffed hash browns and brussels sprouts. The brussel sprouts left something to be desired...really nothing special, but the stuffed hash browns were really good. I definitely recommend those as they're something unique to B&S. And unfortunately the porterhouse was not really to our liking which is why this review is 4 stars. The meat was cooked to perfection but the seasionings that they used on the steak were not good. Each of us only took a couple bites of the steak because of it. I know B&S is known for their steaks, but if we were to return, we'd order something else on the menu or specifically ask that they skip the seasonings. Overall, most of our food was delicious and the service was on top of things. We had a very enjoyable dinner and left completely stuffed.We had drinks with friends last evening in the lounge - although the decor and drinks were amazing, our server was rude. Truly ruined the nice atmosphere by walking away while in conversation and replying to questions with very curt answers. The Butcher Manhattan was tasty and the wine menu extensive, but certainly turned off by the service, or lack thereof, from the bartender/server.I hate to see that some people had a poor/mediocre experience. My husband and I have been to a lot of restaurants and so we (of course) compare this one to others and can honestly say this is one of our favorites in Philly. We always have a great experience. Great service, attentive waitstaff, spectacular food, cool atmosphere. My husband has dreams about the Delmonico and the Baked Alaska. I guess I better take him back there soon. We just tried R2L last night and wish we had gone to Butcher and Singer.My boyfriend and I came here just for a date night, and it was spot on and amazing. I have my masters in hospitality management, so I know good service when I see it. Our server, Brian, was amazing. He was attentive, funny, and knowledgable about the menu! It was our first time here so we ordered a bit of everything. I got the wedge salad (best salad I've ever had), and the swordfish (delicious as well). My boyfriend ordered the Caesar salad, and the filet. I'm not a steak person, but I loved his steak just as much as he did! Great flavor, marbling, and juiciness. For sides, we did the lobster Mac and cheese and the stuffed hash brown. Both really good and filling! We also split a bottle of Pinot noir, which went great with our meal! 
Just a note to first timers, the menu is a bit pricey, but the portions are great! Worth every penny. Overall, the service is what gave this steakhouse a 5 star rating!Excellent food and service.  The biscuits are incredible... we had to have two each!!  We would return there on another visit to Philadelphia .Great food, great staff and great atmosphere. I am there at least once a week for lunch and dinner. it's a great place for business lunches and an evening out with your significant other.This restraunt gets a five star review in my book with regards to the steak and ambiance.  I ordered the delmonico and the steak was cooked absolutely perfect and was a 10 out of 10 in taste.  The ambiance in this great Starr restraunt is fantastic.  Tall ceilings, dim lighting, leather booths - very cool.  The only thing lacking from my experience were the sides.  My brother and I ordered the spinach and homefries and nether of us were particularly impressed.  Overall I highly recommend this spot but for your money, just stick to the steak.The starter bread was good, and we liked all the appetizers (Caesar salad, calamari, crab cakes).  Absolutely delicious 8 oz filet mignon and Delmonico. We enjoyed the vesper martini. These sides were just ok - asparagus, brussel sprouts, and Singer fries. The mashed potatoes were good. It was pretty cold in the restaurant (FYI for those who get cold when eating out). Service was quite slow. We had chocolate cake for dessert which was ok. Excellent cappuccino. Good for a special occasion as long as you're not in a rush.Really enjoyed myself here. A true old style steakhouse with exceptional service; I would return for the great service alone. The food was as I expected, seasoned well and plenty to enjoy. I had the Branzino and couldn't finish it. When I reheated the next day it was even better! If I had a negative, it would be the ladies room was very small in relation to the amount of guests they can serve. But it's in a historical building so I know they're limited.Great decor and great food and services.  We ordered Porterhouse for three and it just melt in your mouth.  If you have a big eater, like we did in our group, Porterhouse for three is really for 2 people.  It comes in 32 oz and 22 oz.  We ordered baked potatoes and mash potato, both were good.  Next time, will try thee stuffed hash brown.  We tried the dessert, the Alaskan Bake.  It was delicious with vanilla cake and banana filling and topped with meringue..... very light and airy!  Service is super.I have been coming here for a number of years and my visit this past Sunday was a bit disappointing.  It seems portion sizes are shrinking.
Everything else is great here but I worry when this behavior begins.
Is there a new chef, a new manager, rent increase?
My and my guest always order the same routine.
The shrimp cocktail has always featured huge shrimp that hang off the plate like U-15 size....now maybe 16-20 range but lots more ice.  And the horseradish was bland and not pungent like always and seemed chopped rather than grated. 
The Shrimp/Crab salad was mostly iceburg lettuce and very little lump crabmeat.
As for the filet and the NY strip steak; both seemed smaller as well.
I sure hope this is not the beginning of the end but we seem like it may be time to look for an alternate Philly favorite. 
Sorry Steven Starr group.I love this place!  I've been there a few times and everything from the decor, high ceilings, service to the food is amazing.  I've had a full blown steak dinner complete with the stuffed hash browns, asparagus, and creamed spinach and the porterhouse was very good.  I've also taken advantage of their cheap burger deal for lunch and the burger is very delicious.  The salads are good as well (I tried the seared tuna one) and the raw bar is not as good as Oyster House but still very good.  The lunch service is just as good as dinner service but it's definitely more of a power lunch feel.  Dinner is easily accomodated for a romantic date or a big group and the restaurant is enormous.  I've sat at the bar as well and it's separated enough from the dining area to create a more casual feel.  The cheesecake was delicious as well!My boyfriend took me here for my birthday dinner because I love an excellent steak.  I wasn't disappointed.  It was well worth every penny he spent.  Awesome... awesome!!!  The decor is beautiful.  I felt like I was in a Hollywood film.  The service was great - our waitress even engaged us in a brief conversation filled with laughs.  The food was some of the best I've ever had! I could have made a meal of the wedge salad and stuffed hash browns, alone!We only had drinks here, but it was great... it was much more expensive that we expected, but, hey... we're not from Philly and just walked in off the street.  It's still a place I'd love to try for a nice dinner with drinks.  The interior is beautiful and the drinks were great, but for just drinks, it was mad expensive.My husband and I came to butcher and singer again for restaurant week and it was amazing as usual. We've been here for both restaurant week and just on a regular night out and the service is always consistently pleasant. It was my birthday this week and the waiter brought out a candle and an edible sign topping my sorbet that said happy birthday which was a nice touch. The food is delicious, especially the filets which are salty, buttery, and perfectly cooked to your liking. We had the green beans and the mashed potatoes as our sides but the creamed spinach and the stuffed hash browns are also a delicious choice.
The sweet corn soup and the clams casino that we chose for the appetizers were great too! Finally for dessert my sorbet and his salted caramel and chocolate tart were both equally delicious in their own way. My husband said the tart went really well with his old fashioned while I really enjoyed my carte Blanc with the sour strawberry-lime sorbet. All in all a great meal and we will be back again!Review is based on restaurant wk menu, we stop by for weekday lunch. Shared butternut squash soup, Rockefeller oyster for appetizer. Soup was hot and creamy just I like. Oyster was delicious as well. We got burger and crab sandwich for entree. Burger meat was well cooked since my mother in law ordered well done but was still juicy. I thought was pretty delicious. Fries were salty but I found most fries are salty to me in Philadelphia so.. Crab sandwich was my favorite, perfectly seasoned and thin slice chips were delicious as well. For dessert we got carrot cake and I thought was little bland. Salted chocolate and caramel tart was very delicious. Good portion of food and great service. I would go back.Amazing atmosphere an good food ! Love the decor .not the friendliest at the bar for the wait but would go backI went here for dinner tonight with one guest and had a great time. When I got home I said, "That dinner so was great, I should yelp! them". I didn't have a Yelp account, so I created one because Butcher and Singer really delivered and I wanted to throw some kudos their way. 
The decor is really lovely, a little bit like something out of Board Walk Empire. The hostesses that greeted us were pleasant and professional. 
Our server was awesome, I believe his name was Corey. I find that in fine dining it is hard to strike a really good balance between being very attentive and not being obtrusive. The service here was the golden mean between the two. 
Me and my guest ordered cocktails to start. His was the Butcher Manhattan, which was pretty boozey. Also delicious. I had the Dividend. A little sweeter, still very good. They had a nice selection of cocktails over all, wish I could have tried more. We ended up ordering wine later, though.
We ordered a half dozen oysters and french onion soup to start. I think I prefer my french onion soup a little more spicy, that's more a matter of preference than the soup not being A+. The oysters were fresh and not too salty or fishy. They came with cocktail sauce and horseradish. 
For an entree we split the dry aged porter house for two, cooked medium rare. Best steak I've had in my entire life. (granted I'm 21 but I've been to a few high-end steak houses and I will continue to go back to this one). We ordered stuffed hashbrowns as well. They have onions and cream cheese inside. All of the portions here were sort of large and I didn't feel over charged for anything. 
They have a great wine list here as well, including half bottles and glasses. I would recommend this place to any one looking for a great steak in Philadelphia. Can't wait to go back soon.Butcher and Singer, I've heard of this restaurant from the moment I first moved to Philadelphia and finally got to try it this Restaurant Week! Butcher and Singer is probably one of the best "bang for your buck" options for Restaurant Week simply because other things on the menu average $30 a plate anyways - so might as well pay $35 for 3 courses amiright? 
First off: Matt are waiter was sooo hospitable and friendly. Kudos to him, his lengthy recommendations and a big thank you for putting up with all my questions about the menu. 
Second off: the buttermilk biscuits are simple amazing. The only thing better than the biscuits was the butter that you put on top  It had some sweet hint that went incredibly well with the hot warm biscuits (that are free and constantly refilled).
My meal was:
Appetizer: Crab cakes - comes with one medium sized crab cake which was imo pretty large for an appetizer. Aioli was delicious, slaw was great, I was already half full by the time my entree came. 
Entree: Salmon - crispy skin was to die for. Scalloped potatoes on the bottom were forgettable, could've eaten the dish with or without them. I was told prior to coming here that the salmon was small but the filet was pretty large so idk what he/she was talking about... I added a scallop on top for an extra $6 but I was disappointed in how salty it was even though the texture was on point. 
Side: creamed spinach. Though appreciated, this course seemed a little out of place and wish I had gotten the green beans instead. Mashed potatoes were good, but a little plain for my liking.
Dessert: chocolate mousse (fancier actual name on the menu). Mascarpone creme was nice and light, chocolate mousse was the richest dessert option to choose from (blood orange sorbet or lemon tart were the other two options) and I was in the mood for something rich and sweet! Tried some of the lemon tart too and it definitely satisfies a fruity end to a meal if you're looking to end your meal on a fresher / lighter note. 
Overall, the food at Butcher and Singer is definitely excellent, but the options are pretty standard. Steak, chicken, salmon - entrees that are served at a typical upscale American restaurant - I get it. The reason I would take someone to Butcher and Singer is for their impeccable service and overall ambience. The booths were gorgeous and 4 person tables could be seated at a semi-circle booth that faced the multitude of 2-person tables. Tons of people on date night here for restaurant week. Music was loud enough that it could fill dinner table silences, but soft enough that you could talk at a reasonable volume and still hear the person you're sitting with. Docked a star due to the options on the menu and would save this restaurant for extra special occasions or important events. Probably not the best for a big group, as it seemed like a more intimate space for me. This would be a "Maybe one day when me and my rich husband want to go for date night" - this is where we would go.Great food! Seriously delicious. Only problem we had was we requested a booth, and of course they tried to sit us at a table. Also we were charged for 2 scoops of ice cream that they gave both my mom and my sister for their birthday, that they didn't even ask for? I mean... it was only $3 for each lousy little scoop, who cares, but I don't know ANY restaurant that would give "complimentary" birthday desserts, and then charge you for it????? PatheticI was tasked with taking my sister's fianc out for a "guy's" night a few weeks prior to the wedding. Her only advice was that I should consider a nice steakhouse.
Butcher and Singer is indeed "nice." There is a timeless elegance to the interior decorating, music, and lighting choices. Our waiter was engaging and knowledgeable about all items on the menu and several drink selections. My guest ordered a caesar salad, creamed spinach, and the Delmonico steak. The steak in particular was quite large and perfectly cooked. My guest remarked that the steak was only lightly seasoned, but the inherent flavor of the meat was wonderful.
Now, I happen to be a vegan. Since I was treating someone else, I wasn't very concerned with finding something on the menu. Additionally, the prices are definitely on the high end for a person in my tax bracket, so I was actually open to the idea of only ordering a salad for myself. Still, our waiter was able to immediately make recommendations for me. I ordered the Butcher Salad, Singer fries, and asparagus. All were delicious and sizably portioned.
Butcher and Singer is a great restaurant, though also very expensive. My frugal nature causes me to crinkle my nose at $10 asparagus or $3 coffee. Still, the service and atmosphere were such that I definitely do not regret spending the money. For special occasions, I recommend it wholeheartedly.Restaurant week in Philly so we decided to head back since we loved the place before. Love the place but meal just wasn't what we remembered. My steak was too salty and everything else was just average. Disappointing however being restaurant week it's understandable. May be an off night but food just wasn't that good. Service was terrific as usual. Will try one more time. Hope this was a fluke.Yum yum yum yum yum. I absolutely love this place. In my mind of imaginary steakhouse vs. steakhouse olympics, I imagine the top two are Barclay Prime and Butcher and Singer. Don't get me wrong, Barclay Prime is good, but B&S wins in my book! The steak is absolutely delicious - any and all cuts, but the winner of the day is definitely the stuffed hashbrown. My mind is gargling at the memory of eating it. It's ENORMOUS so if you're a pair of two, I'd suggest ordering your most favorite choice of steak and this hashbrown because that's ALL you need. Everything is so rich and magnificent. I think the old time steakhouse vibe is a bit cheesy for me, but I don't care. This place is magnificent and you must go!Delicious food and great atmosphere. It's going to become a regular stop for me in Philadelphia. The stuffed hash browns are insanely good, and a must-try no matter what else you order.Delicious escargot and tomahawk steak.
Can't wait to come back to Philly. 
Atmosphere is classy but comfortable. 
Staff are friendly and helpful.3 words: Honey Butter Biscuits!  Yes, this is a steakhouse, but these biscuits actually made the first impression.  I had the medium-rare porterhouse, not the typical Delmonico/rib-eye that I normally get.  Well seasoned and executed to order.  Bone was cleaned-out.  The ambiance is quite notable and sets it apart from other steakhouses I've been to.  5-stars had the servers been attentive to requests by my party.   A must visit, though!Everything was amazing and enjoyable. The service was INCREDIBLE. I can't begin to describe how nice everyone was, always smiling, always helpful. In fact, the service was so good, that every time i got up to the bathroom, when I came back my napkin had been folded by a waiter! Service is one thing, but the food.... just as good as the service. Not a single dish was less than amazing. I highly recommend this place and wouldn't hesitate to order anything on the menu.Great new york steak. Great service and ambiance. Will be back again.[570]
This restaurant was on my short list of places to try so I was very happy when I saw it on the list for restaurant week (RW).   I made a reservation asap and glad I did as it looks like it booked up quickly.
We had a reservation for 530pm and were promptly seated.  There was a cute waiting area and I think I may have seen a bar off to the side.
The main dining area was nicely decorated and was very cozy.  It is definitely a good place to have date night.  
We decided to have the RW menu and add on a few items.
First Course - I had the butternut squash soup and it was delicious and it was not hot which was perfect.  Hubby had the Crab cake.  I'm glad I tried his as it was one of the best I ever had.
Second Course - We both had the 8oz filet.  I added on "Oscar" which was jumbo lump crab, asparagus and barnaise.  It was definitely a good add on.   Hubby added on two scallops which were tasty but mine was a better add on :) 
Side - We each had mashed potatoes which was just ok.  Probably wouldn't order it again.   We added on mac and cheese (no bacon) which was one of the best hubby ever had.  It had a cheese that made it special... I think gouda.
Third Course - I had the lemon tart with blueberry compote.  It was so fresh and tasty.  Hubby had the Chocolate Pot de Crme which he (and I) loved.    
Jamie was our waiter and he was amazing.  Definitely would ask for him again.
We loved everything about our experience and the atmosphere was a nice add on.  
I hope they tell people about the Oscar add on for RW as it was definitely the highlight of my meal.  Gave it the extra ump....
We will definitely be back!  Well we have to.... I saw a pic of their homemade chocolate cake and I MUST try it :)Exactly what it says on the tin: great steakhouse with an incredible ambience. Butcher and Singer is a restaurant that is designed for you to see and be seen in.
My fiance and I were here for restaurant week and though the menu was limited, the food did not disappoint. The clams casino were salty and savory but with a pleasant lemon zing. The 8 oz filet (medium rare) was cooked exactly to temperature with the proper amount of searing. The green beans were tender but not soggy, though they were absolutely swimming in butter. That made them a little difficult to eat after the first few bites. The strawberry lime sorbet was the perfect palate cleanser. I paired my dinner with the Butcher Manhatten, which was a classic Manhatten with dark chocolate bitters. It was exceptionally smooth and sweet. Our waiter was excellent; he took time to describe each menu in detail and answered all of our questions. He was attentive to when we needed water and our drinks refilled but never intrusive. He was professional in his demeanor and appearance. Finally, the rest of the staff was polite and efficient from the hosts to the bussers. 
Though the cuisine is not adventurous or unique, the food was well crafted and the service excellent. It was a fun place to dress up and have a great dinner. I will return for a special occasion in the future or for restaurant week in a heartbeat.My favorite steakhouse in the city! Everything is always cooked to perfection. Absolutely loved the filet, green beans and butternut squash soup. While it is definitely upscale, it's comfortable and great for a date night.Went here for our anniversary dinner, we checked in the host wished us a happy anniversary! Our server was amazing on top of her game filling out drinks when half full! I had the 8oz filet and loaded potato, my husband has swordfish and the famous baked hasbrown (so big and delishous). The story behind this restaurant is awesome. Reallly nice setting for an intimate diner.I was fortunate enough to enjoy my birthday dinner at Butcher and Singer last night,  March 17th, 2018, with my lovely girlfriend. 
Our waiter was Donovan, and I cannot stress how wonderful he was. Never having eaten before at this establishment, he immediately picked up on my indecisiveness between the special, scallops, and my original thought of ordering the 18oz Delmonico. He excused himself and returned moments later to inform me that he quickly spoke to the chef and was granted permission to let me order a side portion of scallops to make my meal into an ala carte surf and turf! 
We began with an appetizer of the fried calamari; it was amazing like everything else we enjoyed. Though we were unaware the plate of calamari was accompanied by fried bell peppers and fried bits of onion, the latter of which was more the shock. Nonetheless, it was all delicious!
I paired my meal with a glass of, bear with me here as I am likely not naming this perfectly, Stag Head Cabernet Sauvignon. Which, I must say, was COMPLETELY worth the cost because it had been the BEST glass of cab that I have ever had to date. 
The Delmonico steak was cooked medium,  to near perfection! Like any truly good piece of meat, cooked properly, requires absolutely no sauce or condiment, I neither saw nor asked for any (anyone who would, should realize the insult they would be delivering with such a question). 
My scallops were healthy sized and succulent, especially with the verblanc sauce that accompanied them on the side. Simply outstanding.
Finally, I would like to round back to our server,  Donovan, whose professionalism was tempered with a gracious ease of character making me feel completely comfortable at our table and did nothing but highlight our entire experience. I know every server there is likely kept to the highest standards, but I can't imagine anyone could have fit the standard of my evening there better than he! 
Thank you, Donovan for an amazing experience and that goes for the chef and kitchen staff as well,  the shadowed heroes of all restaurant experiences.Really nice dinner. Everything was perfectly cooked and seasoned. The waitstaff was on point-  there when you want them and not hovering. Try the stuffed has brown. It's amazing! 
All in all, I have no negatives. Just remember people "you get what you pay for" and this place is worth every cent.I came here for a Valentine's Day date in 2010. Therefore: steak dinner on my boyfriend's dime? Yes please. 
I didn't pick the restaurant, but I loved it as soon as we got there. First of all, it's in a really cool building that used to be a bank, and now it's decorated very elegantly (though it was very very dark inside.) Usually I think that Stephen Starr restaurants are way too overindulgent in their themes, but Butcher and Singer was much more tastefully done. It's supposed to be like a retro "Old Hollywood" style restaurant, and it is, to some extent, without going over the top.
We both got steaks (of course), and the stuffed hash browns, and creamed spinach. So healthy. Not. But I don't care even a little bit. It was all really good and I would definitely recommend it for people who love steak. 
I can't comment on the other entrees, but my general sentiment is you shouldn't go to a steakhouse if you aren't going to get steak. We also didn't eat dessert there but I do think the pictures of the Baked Alaska look awesome.This is the best steak I've had in Philly! Started out with a butter nut squash soup that was sooo good. The mashed potatoes were buttery and delicious. The rolls were served with the most amazing butter I have ever had. Can't wait to go back.Excellent food, cocktails, wine, service, and decor. We were able to transfer our bar tab over to our table easily. The biscuits and honey butter set the stage for the wonderful food. Perfectly cooked filet mignon medium rare, with a unique flavor on the creamed spinach. Dark and posh decor are the perfect backdrop to a fabulous meal. Our waiter was attentive, knowledgeable, and professional. If I'm back in Philly I will definitely return.If you're into your steak - and in Philadelphia - this is the place. 
I was taken here by relatives and the entire dining experience was top-notch, making it a great place to take a date or to celebrate a great occasion - but not for the budget conscious. 
From the minute you step into the door, you are taken back to the 1920's with dim lights, high ceilings, black and white tiled floors, red booths and soft jazz. It is an amazing setting and the service is just as good. You won't feel like you're not being looked after here. 
Food gets better. Would recommend the Porterhouse Steak (Signature) as well as the hash browns which are amazing. 
Excellent food isn't hard to find in Philadelphia - but great experiences are and Butcher and Singer has some great old fashioned top-notch service. This pips Le Bec Fin for service, size and ambience with similarly awesome food.Great atmosphere and stellar food.  Worth a trip anytime your in Philly.  Be prepared to spend a little but you will leave happy.Atmosphere and staff spectacular! We were walking by and did not have a reservation around 5:30. The hostess suggested one of the two lounge tables on the right side of the entrance. The table was great not in all the traffic of the bar area! Our waitress Kira was fantastic and was extremely well versed with the menu. Twin tails prepared perfectly, my wife and daughter were in the mood for burgers and they were spectacular with the addition of a little truffle oil. Frys were excellent as well. Atmosphere, staff, and food was a terrific Philadelphia experience! Highly recommendAs our waiter expounded on the difference between the wedge salad and the butcher salad he noticed the vacant stare in our eyes and said: 
"You're here for the burger, right?" 
Although it was noon and this fact was true, I'm fairly certain that no matter what, the difference between the two salads on their meat-laden menu would not thrill me. Furthermore, despite the fact that my coworkers and I are all under 30 and have a healthy, youthful glow about us, I don't like to be profiled as a cheapskate. Finish your speech, that's what we're paying you for!
We all went on to order the $6 butcher burger as planned. I complimented it with a $12 beer. The burger was cooked to a textbook medium and was pretty tasty. It didn't really have a "wow" factor for me though (besides the price). Maybe english cheddar and onions are just too boring toppings. Also, upon returning to the office and digesting, I discovered I was dying of thirst. The burger must have been pretty heavily salted, which I guess I realized as I was eating it, but it became more apparent as I drank glass after glass of water later on. 
Bottom line: this burger doesn't hold a candle to the $16 Rouge burger. It is, however, way cheap. 
Still, if you only have one day left to live and $16, spring for the Rouge burger. 
If you have one day left to live and $6, steal a sawbuck from somebody and go to Rouge. 
If it's any other day of your life, you might want to consider the B&S burger, it's a great deal and pretty tasty. Just not life-changing and not enough to make me want to go back when they raise the price.My wife and I were able to get away for a rare date night and picked Butcher and Singer purely because they had reservations available. The bar was set low for Butcher and Singer but, by the end of the night, they took that bar and snapped it in two over its knee.
The service was fantastic. Our waiter was very attentive without being overly so and answered any questions we had about the menu. The food was five star. I got the Delmonico while my wife got the filet. Both were cooked exactly to order and the flavor of their steak is still something that's with me to this day. The sides were also great with the stuffed hash browns being particularly memorable.
He only thing that kept this from being a five star experience was the atmosphere. The evening was pretty noisy and there were times where my wife and I had a hard time hearing each other. Not the most romantic for date night. But if you're looking for a great steak you can do worse then Butcher and Singer.Very good food but the service was much worse than what we expected. Fortunately, management was very responsive. 
I've been to Butcher and Singer a handful of times and the food is always exceptionally good, definitely 4 or 5 stars. Typically, the service has been good as well. 
When I went here for a small birthday celebration along with my family and friends in a party of 6, however, the service was not the best. More than one steak was not the correct temperature. At least one steak had a lot of gristle. 
At least one of the steaks that was well done when it should have been less cooked was replaced without any problem, which is what I would expect. Additionally, management gave us credit to make up for our subpar experience here. I was very happy with how management dealt with these problems; I just wish that there hadn't been such fundamental mistakes to begin with. 
Ultimately, it was a good meal and I would recommend it if you're looking for a good steak in Philadelphia.I don't know of a better steak anywhere. Been here twice, and also love the transformation of this interior of a bank into a restaurant. I saw a swordfish chop on another plate and I have to order that next time. The joint is enormously popular and also enormously expensive, but it does this genre about as well as could be done. I would add that I have never been disappointed by any Stephen Starr establishment and welcome his group's expansion to Washington and Florida.Five of my girlfriends and I went to Butcher & Singer the other night as our Christmas present to each other. We were extremely impressed with the whole experience, especially after a questionable time at Parc.
The service was excellent - I don't remember our waitress's name, but she had a mohawk, so she's hard to miss. She was attentive, but not overbearing, and answered all of our questions knowledgeably. 
I started with the tomato and Roquefort salad, which was delicious! Other girls had the east coast oysters, Caesar salad, and onion soup, all of which were very good. For dinner I had the filet, which was cooked to perfection, and the stuffed hash browns which were the highlight of the whole meal. We shared the baked Alaska for dessert which was great as well.
Overall, I would definitely go back, despite the pricey menu.If you are a single girl and a guy wants to take you there, say yes.  If you are going to celebrate a friend's birthday be prepared to pay about $100 pp.  We had a reservation for our group of 9 ladies.  The reservation was at 9 PM, but we had to wait...in a rather small waiting area, so some of my friends took to sitting on steps in cocktail dresses, not cute, but there was no other choice. The food was good, but I couldn't get over the $40 price tag for a steak with no sides, I think maybe there was garnish, but I can't be sure b/c I was in shock so  I just stared at my little lonely steak.  We all ordered sides to share and all of the food was yummy, but I was still quite taken by the amount of money we were spending.  But if my husband brought me here, I would probably love every minute of our dining experience.THE steak restaurant in Philly--and Much more!  From the moment you walk in the magic begins to happen via the friendly hostesses.  The service delivered by Ashley was Perfect.  We own a fine dining restaurant in another state where perfect service is a must.  Ashley would be hired on the spot.
The food was fresh and cooked to perfection.  Stuffed hash browns.  Difficult to describe and impossible to forget.  Make a reservation, enjoy the experience, and thank me later.Good, friendly service and amazing decor, Butcher and Singer has great steaks too that are cooked really well. I really enjoy their crab cocktail and oysters that come with great dipping sauces, but for a crab cocktail that they probably buy and just plop on a bed of lettuce and served chilled it is a little overpriced (but also expected for a steakhouse so not too huge of a complaint there).
Unfortunately, Butcher and Singer is a mixed bag. While their service is good and their steak and cocktail and dipping sauces are delicious, some of the other menu items are not. For instance, their Singer fries which they charge a whopping $9 for are deep fried potatoes that are completely un-special and actually made me feel cheated for ordering. The last time I went, the dish I ordered came with fries and I asked to replace the fries with the Singer fries at a surcharge that I would be willing to pay, but they wouldn't do it. I had to order a whole separate order. Kind of sham if you ask me, since I now have fries on my plate that will essentially be wasted - but no matter - at least I got to compare the regular fries to the extremely disappointing Singer fries.
Now the burger. Voted as one of Philadelphia's best burgers, Butcher an Singer is now running a special where their $27 (or so) burger is now only just under $6 at lunch. Of course, as you can guess, people are coming in droves and just ordering burger after burger for lunch. It might as well be a burger factory there at lunch time (in a good way). While the burger is juicy and cooked to perfection, the actual meat is under-seasoned and underwhelming. I've had many a better burger in Philly and was frankly disappointed by all the hype. Still, at just under $6 for a burger that's normally almost $30 it's hard to complain too much. My advice? Come to Butcher and Singer for drinks and steaks and some seafood, but be prepared to pay the price (as you would at most upscale steakhouses). Skip the burger, skip the horrible fries, and grab drink instead.We dined at Butcher and Singer on a Saturday evening as a party of two and it was a great experience! I booked our reservation about 2 weeks in advance (on OpenTable) and we were seated immediately upon arriving. It took us some time to order, but our waiter was very patient and kindly explained the menu. 
The salads are massive, so definitely order only one and share. The waiter recommended the Butcher Salad, which was very hearty with various vegetables, salami and cheese cubes...Very similar to a pasta salad. We also each ordered the 18 oz Delmonico, which definitely could have been shared between the two of us since we took almost an entire steak home! We both prefer medium rare, but the waiter recommended medium and it was cooked perfectly. Although the Stuffed Hash Browns are highly recommended (and filled with sour cream), we ordered the Singer Fries which were okay. Nothing special besides the fact that it looked like 2 lbs of potatoes! Finally we finished the meal with a Baked Alaska, which was a vanilla cake, apricot jam and banana ice cream covered in meringue. Now talk about a dessert!
I would highly suggest Butcher and Singer for a celebration dinner or fancy date night, but don't let the prices scare you away. We brought home enough food for another full meal and are considering returning and only ordering one salad and one Delmonico to share (and probably one Baked Alaska as well).The building on the intersection of 15th and walnut has seen quite a number of dwellers through the trails of time from the National Bank to the Butcher & Singer Brokerage to the famed Striped bass, but It now houses a red meat joint namesake to the brokerage firm. What hasn't changed is the aura of the interiors which still look  reminiscent of the beautiful old times with a mammoth chandelier the crowning glory of this place. 
Now to more important things pertaining the palate. bunch of us planned to attack  this place for lunch for the 6$ burger. We landed at this place around 12ish and the place was still pretty empty so dint find a problem to seat the 9 of us swiftly by our pleasant hostess . 
Looking at the menu the place is swinging towards a pricey side but does have some interesting selections like the alaskan king crab legs , and the idaho trout and the Australian twin lobster tails, but burgers is what we came for and burgers what we got. 
The service was impeccable , our waitress was sweet and prompt with our drinks and food. She even was raving bout how most ppl would drop by just for burgers and they almost grill ~200 burgers for lunch a day. I can totally see why too. the burger is made of dry aged prime beef topped with english chedder and charred onions. There was also a smokey sauce romanticizing between layers of lettuce , tomato and the pickle. The burger was soft but at the same time had been toasted with butter which added to the flavor. the burger was quite a mouthful and becomes messy as ur blaze ur way through this scrumptious burger, and that's exactly how its supposed to be in my mind, i certainly got more than i expected at this place. 
I am not that big a 'star' of the starr restaurants primarily because i generally am not satisfied with their service, but this place has me thinking again and has the right recipes to be a successful  Meat place to feature in the ever expanding stellar establishments in philadelphia.Went to Butcher and Singer for the 1st time this past weekend for my girlfriends birthday.  I made the reservations over a month ago.  They initially sat us at a small table, near the entrance, and needless to say - it was a little cold (with it being freezing outside).  I kindly asked if we could sit in th emain dining area and they were VERY accomodating.  We switched to a great seat and our server was excellent.  I have been to many steakhouses in Philly, with Fleming in Radnor being my favorite.  I still hold Fleming as my top spot, but Butcher and Singer did not dissapoint.  The sides and salad are not as good as Flemings - but the steak was excellent.  We started with the blue cheese salad.  It was good, but I should have gone with their house russian dressing with crumbled blue cheese (versus the regular blue cheese).  I ordered the Dry Aged Porterhouse, my girlfriend ordered the Filet.  Both were excellent!  The asaragus was different becuase it was shaved, but tasty and the stuffed hash browns were good.  Alll in all I am still a fan of Flemings potatoes, but this was overall very good.  The decor was really neat - and I must say again - excellent service.  I'd go back!Great food and nice, masculine decor. love it.There are so many excellent places to eat in Philadelphia.  Sadly, this is not really one of them.
It's not the food, really.  The food is okay!  It's just really P R I C E Y and I think the hype is just not worth it.  Example:  Really quite boring steaks and "stuffed hash browns" which seemed to be neither stuffed nor as delicious as promised.  Try greasy, and not worth it at $10.  
Service was just okay too.  Not great, not terrible, just okay.OMG, this place is heaven, the best Delmonico steak in the city,  Great service, amazing ambience, can't wait to go back.The service was great and the food is amazing ..worth every penny I spent !! The stuffed hash brown is really delicious and the king salmon was cook perfectly not to dry ! I would definitely come again !!This, in my opinion, is Philly's best steakhouse.
I have dined here a few times now and have always been very pleased with the experience. Their steak tartare is a really special dish, after their (very friendly and conscientious) wait staff recommended it to me I have not strayed from it since.
I have had multiple filets that were always cooked to perfection and seasoned excellently in addition to a delmonico steak that was also tender and well seasoned. 
Their stuffed hashbrown side is always a big hit and is more innovative a potato dish than I have seen at most steakhouses, and their asparagus and creamed spinach are classic and very good. 
Additionally, their baked alaska is both very aesthetic and very delicious, and the chocolate fudge cake is rich and sensual. 
A must-go for Philadelphia steak connoisseurs.Started at the bar - great bloody mary. Not too spicy - I'm a wimp! When our table was ready the hostess carried our drinks to the table for us and pulled the table out so we could slide into the booth more comfortably. Fancy! We decided to take advantage of the $15 lunch - appetizer, entree, and side. I had a cured salmon appetizer, burger(rare!), and a sinful truffled potato puree. Plus one very stiff martini. The service was great, the music was just what I would have chosen myself, and the atmosphere was like a little afternoon vacation.Ok so this place was as advertised incredibly good cut of meat.  The ambiance service were the best nice jazz band playing in the background at just the right volume the steak was cooked perfectly and I added a side of the candy bourbon bacon only reason they don't get 5 stars is price. But if you goth the dough treat your self or a loved one nice and go to Butcher and SingerI tried this place for lunch during restaurant week and had an awesome experience. The service was good and the food was just what I expected. It's really nice and a good environment. Saw a bunch of people having business lunches and others having lunch with friends. I'll be back!We had absolutely a perfect evening at the restaurant. We had Donovan for a waiter. He could not have been more attentive and very knowledgable of everything that they serve at the restaurant. He had great suggestions for us to try. And try we did !  Our 25 year old grandson joined us and he especially liked his recommendations for drinks.
The French onion soup was the best and the salads (the shrimp and lobster and wedge were delicious and huge. 
The women had lobster and the men had steak done to perfection -medium plus.. The lobster mac, creamed corn, and hashbrowns which were served family style were stellar.  We finished with pure decadence as we ordered baked Alaska, icebox lemon pie, and chocolate fudge cake. 
Valet parking was a great amentity and the car was waiting when we left. 
A fantastic dining experience.was a very very nice upscale restaurant, steak was fabulous , waiters were great but just a little slow but to be expected on a saturday pm, we did have reservations and got seated immediately on time, just the table servers were kinda slow, but all the food was very very piping hot and all entrees we ordered were fabulous !Excellent food again, different waiter, same great service, plus offer a special cut of bone in filet that was outstanding, added more texture and juice to the cut.  Enough said...What was I looking for? I don't know, but I may have found it in Butcher & Singe. This place...hit every nail I needed it to this year. I expected it to be like Musso & Frank In Los Angeles, and it is, just a little darker and a little taller, and obviously not true Old Hollywood. But it tries, and it tries well.
The large dinner room had very tall ceilings with mirrors lining the tops, which give it the appearance that it's even larger. The tables, while spaced somewhat close together, still have an intimacy to them that makes you feel alone. It could be the general buzz of the patrons so perhaps it's a real-life Muffliato charm. Harry Potter, you infiltrate my life. Anyway...the servers are prompt without being annoying, specific though almost too specific, but helpful and gracious. We were there for more than two hours, happily conversing our way through a lot of food. Food! I almost forgot this was a food review. Or...is it?
I started with my vodka martini with three olives, ice cold. Mr. V always with his iced tea.
We started with a half dozen raw oysters, steak tartare, and escargot. The first one, we split; the second one was mine; the third was his. I, of course, ate some of everything and he ate mostly the escargot. Some tidbits about those dishes:
Raw oysters-on-the-half-shell - pretty much exactly what you'd expect from fresh oysters that were both West Coast and East Coast. They were chilled, still in their shells, and served quickly. I thought they were refreshing with my martini, a nice mixture of texture and flavor.
Steak tartare - I really liked this dish and I was served more than I expected to be. The steak was rich and flavorful, served with little toasted bread bits that could hold the weight of the piles I loaded on each one.
Escargot - Super garlicky with lots o' butter. I am not complaining in the slightest, as they were tender and warm with succulent juices, but the garlic was not the best mixture with my martini, so I tried one or two, and let Mr. V scoop out each snail and mop up the remnants with some of my leftover bread bits.  
Our entrees took some time deciding. Mr. V immediately went for the porterhouse, but after the server's good, if long, explanation of each steak, he changed his mind and chose the Delmonico. I went with the filet mignon. Sides are listed below.  
Delmonico - Mr. V ordered it medium rare - something I have had to coax him to do since we started dating, and my efforts have finally paid off. It was fatty, rich, tender and uber flavorful. It also was not for the faint of heart - bother literally and figuratively. He actually stopped eating it about half way through due to the richness, but hey, it's a special day...feed yo'self, free yo'self. I won't judge.
Filet Mignon - this is my go to choice for steak when I'm out. Most because I don't eat portion sizes larger than 8 ounces of meat, but also because I do like this cut very much. I ordered my Pittsburgh style rare. I order most things rare, and since I rarely eat poultry or pork, I can get away with it. Mine was warm (well, duh), very tender, and cooked almost perfect. The filet was almost sweet, but so much savory that I was surprised when I ate it all.
Brussels sprouts - Brussels sprouts are something I've learned that I like when made FOR me rather than when I make them myself. I liked these a lot and even ate them from the to-go box next day.
Stuffed hash browns - Stuffed hash browns were their specialty and Mr. V said these were "the f*****g s**t". Nuff' said. They were pie-sized, crispy brown, and stuffed galore. We barely could eat a quarter of them, so we gave them to a less fortunate individual on Walnut Street after dinner.
Lobster mac and cheese - Actual freaking chunks of lobster in this ooey-gooey mac and cheese dish. Warm and toeing the line of properly cooked pasta. With Parmesan on top! So. Much. Cheese. Cheese = land life and seafood = water life. Add those together = spiritual zen.
Yes, we really ate all this food. It didn't end there - He had cheesecake and I had Baked Alaska (because it's old school and I needed to fit in).
I guess this adds up to a "We would go here again".They gave us an appetizer of our choosing on the house after waiting about 40 minutes for our seats, having made reservations. It was excellent! Service was very friendly and attentive, the food came out fairly quickly and was perfect. Overall, wonderful experience.Food is absolutely amazing. The staff is really pleasant and nice. The food is expensive, but it's worth it. I always get the fried calamari which is so tender and served with this really good aioli. I've been here a number of times and everything tastes great. Save up some money and EAT HERERestaurant week: this place is a terrific deal for restaurant week.  Make a reservation early, because it was packed.  The restaurant week menu included appetizer, entree, side, and dessert.
I started with the squash soup, which was creamy, tasty and well spiced.  For the entree I had the 8 oz fillet cooked medium rare.  The fillet was perfectly cooked and supper juicy.  I had the buttered green beans with almonds with my steak and tried some mashed potatoes as well.  The green beans were cooked just the way I like them, still with a little bit of a crunch to them, and they soaked up all of that butter.  The potatoes were a little thin for my liking, whipped potatoes without any sort of lump to them.  The flavor was good.
For dessert, I was a little disappointed with the carrot cake.  It needed more cream cheese frosting, and was a little dry.
Love the decor here, very old world without being cheesy.  The leather booths were very nice.Butcher and Singer excelled every step of the way. My boyfriend and I made a reservation for a Sunday evening. Neither of us had ever been, but the hostesses were warm and friendly. We were seated right away and greeted by our server, Ricky. Not knowing wine very well, Ricky helped us choose a wonderful bottle of Malbec. Ricky did a very good job of "coming down" to our level and not making us feel intimidated by the formality of the restaurant while maintaining a very professional and knowledgeable demeanor. I would ask for him again. I ordered the king salmon and my boyfriend had the porterhouse. Both entrees were absolutely amazing! I'm not sure how I'm ever going to cook myself salmon again. We finished off with the chocolate fudge cake (a large portion) and amazingly finished the whole thing. Butcher and Singer offered the type of luxury a restaurant of its caliber should. We had tried Del Frisco's previously and were disappointed by the too short skirts of the servers and paper menus. I would recommend this restaurant for all special occasions. I have only been in Philadelphia for about a year but this has been, by far, the best restaurant I've been to.WORTHY OF ALL 5 STARS...
My husband and I are a bit spoiled when it comes to fine dining. When we travel, we look for the best new places to eat. Found Butcher and Singer on Yelp and made our reservation based on previous reviews. 
WOW...JUST WOW! Dined last night and everything from valet parking, to the spectacular decor to the service to the quality of food was SPOT ON!!
We arrived 20 minutes early and expected to be sent to the bar but instead they sat us immediately. Our waiter was friendly and prompt. Cocktails came quickly, followed by incredible bread and a timely main course. Never felt like we were waiting for anything. We ordered the 18oz Delmonico and the 8oz Filet Mignon with Creamed Spinach and Stuffed Hashbrowns for our sides. The food was perfectly prepared and absolutely delicious. Unfortunately we had no room for dessert but imagine it would have been just as amazing.
We travel to Phili once a year and will definitely be returning!! Excellent!!I came here with my parents and boyfriend to celebrate my father's birthday and we were all impressed! This place feels like a throwback; the type of place you'd go and have a three martini lunch. 
We all had the filets, with sides of green beans and hash browns. Very simple, but perfectly executed. We all ordered our steaks cooked to different temperatures and everyone was pleased with how they turned out. The green beans were light and still crispy, and the hash browns were decadent. The meal was filling without leaving us stuffed.
I honestly can't remember what we got for dessert, but it was good.Could it possibly be that one pays a lump sum to devour delicious steak, delectable sides, and classic cocktails while still being treated like a normal human being rather than a "yes sir," "by all means, madam" upper class snob? Yes. This place has the goods without the stuffy, old money pretension. And thank god for it. 
A note to those who like their meat more medium and less medium rare: the correct way to state your preference is "medium rare plus."One of the best filet mignon's I've ever had. Great service overall and very nice ambiance. Good for business dinners without alienating more social diners.We came back here again in a regular day, and I had a even better experience. Butcher and Singer truly provides the best service and steak in Philly. Our waiter is one of the best I had (including Michelin Star restaurant).
Highly highly recommend: Mushroom&Onions (a side)
I compared this side in any other restaurant with Butcher and Singer, it always wins.Our last evening in Philadelphia, so we wanted something nice.  Our client recommended this as one of the best Steakhouses in the area.
Absolutely everything you would expect.  Attentive, and personable wait staff in a 1940's styled dining room.  We were all pretty stuffed so passed on starters but selected a couple of nice wines from the good(not large) wine list.
Several members had the Delmonico steak, which was done to perfection.  A couple of lamb chops and Entree salads.  As many noted, we had to try the stuffed hash browns and baked alaska, which did not disappoint.  
Pricing is what you would expect from a high end steakhouse, so that being said, it was not the Greatest meal I ever had, but definitely did not disappoint.A couple of friends and I came here on a Friday for the Restaurant Week pre-fixe lunch menu and most of us left with stuffed, somewhat satisfied bellies.
For my appetizer, I ordered the Butternut Squash Soup, which was as smooth and butternut-squashy as butternut squash gets! A couple of my friends ordered the same thing and commented that the soup was a bit too salty for their tastes. The consensus: Satisfying but not too impressive.
For the main course, I got the Seared Tuna and Nicoise Salad. The tuna was soft and tender, and the salad so perfectly flavored that I will sing nothing but praise for the dish! The others seemed happy with their giant Butcher Burgers.
Finally, I finished my meal with the Chocolate Bread Pudding, which was small and tasted just 'okay.' The cheesecakes with blueberries that the others ordered looked more appealing.
The place was well-lit and classy. Overall, Butcher and Singer fits your typical image of a fancy steakhouse, with slightly better-than-standard food and average service.What can I say! This place is definitely amazing but it definitely comes at a costly price. This place has incredible service with extremely knowledgeable wait staff. You get what you pay for. From the no rush service to the best cooked steaks if you have the money to spend and your a straight up carnivore, this is the place to be!!!! The interior is set up with a darker atmosphere but at the same time is extremely welcoming. A must try if you have the money. And a must try even if you don't have the money. Save up and enjoy!!!!I came here during restaurant week to try their famous steak that everyone raves about. After examining my 8 oz medium rare filet I carved a piece from the side and took a bite. Yes is was absolutely delicious! it was grilled to perfection, the outside was crisp with a smoky and peppery flavor and the meat was tender and juicy. I am highly tempted to go back and try a dry aged porterhouse. 
Now why do I give this 4/5 stars? because I have yet to eat at barclay prime, and this wasnt the best steak I;ve ever had. Its a damn good steak that will leave you happy for sure. 
This a a really good deal for restaurant week.The general manager of the restaurant reached out and offered store credit. 
I would give a second chance. 
If everything is fine this time I will erase the bad review 
Thanks for reaching out palSteak, potatoes, asparagus.  Best meal I've had in a long time.  Very impressed.  Staff was super professional and friendly.  I will be back.Celebrated my boyfriend's birthday here on a Friday night - what an amazing time! We arrived for our 8pm reservation and were promptly seated at a great table in the center of the dining room. The entire vibe of the restaurant is SO cool and the lighting was just dim enough to enjoy the ambiance without feeling like you were eating in the dark.
I can't really handle my liquor anymore, so I opted to drink prosecco which was delicious. My boyfriend, however, had the Bees Knees which was TASTY to say the least. All of the cocktails sounded absolutely divine. And the biscuits... oh my, the biscuits. They're like fancy people crescent rolls - so flaky and soft, yet crispy and buttery...
Certainly not a carnivore by any stretch of the imagination, a ordered the Butcher Salad, which is essentially an Italian hoagie without the bun. My boyfriend ordered the 18 oz Delmonico medium rare and we decided to share the Stuffed Hash Browns and the Bacon Mac n Cheese. We had PLENTY of food and took home leftovers. My salad was really delicious, with just enough meat for me to appreciate. I sort of hogged the Stuffed Hash Browns, which were lightly browned and seasoned to perfection. The Bacon Mac n Cheese was less of my jam - a little too "dairy-y" for my taste, but my boyfriend loved it. And the steak - cooked to perfection - was absolutely delicious. Well, the little bite that I was allowed to have.
My sister had actually called the restaurant to send us some prosecco and paid for our dessert, which was so great. We got the Baked Alaska (a textural dream), and each had a cappuccino.
If Yelp had 4.5 stars, I would give it for Butcher & Singer. All in all, it was a fantastic evening with great food, impeccable service, and an all-around enjoyable experience!So how good is this place? well im willing to pay 50 dollars in gas to drive there from NYC (and we have some good steakhouses here), spend another 200 on hotel cause I know im not going anywhere except the bed after im done with this place. Seriously good meat, with very good sides. And the seats were cozy and all in all, it made for a very romantic dinner.
service was very good, and i cant tell u how good the Filet and the Bone in Rib Eye were.
Highly recommend this place to anyone in philly!An excellent experience. Our server was great. Huge WWE fan I just cannot remember his name. He did a terrific job though. One of the best steaks I have ever had. Very comfortable room and the food was executed very well. Will definitely return when in Philly.Wonderful atmosphere and service. 
Lunch and dinner here is fantastic. 
The Delmonico steak is flavorful. The mushroom and onion side is dubious.Hands down the best steak house in Philadelphia. They really capture the old school steak house vibe with classics like the Delmonico rib-eye and the baked Alaska, and their staff makes dining a true experience. The restaurant itself used to be a bank which escalates the ambiance to another level with their high ceilings and dark features. 
I highly recommend the escargot!One of the most majestic restaurant interiors I've ever seen. I've only had the burger so I cannot attest to the rest of the menu, but the burger was on par with the competition.Oh my goodness.
That $6 burger is worth every penny but it's kind of like cigarettes in that although the initial cost is low, the price of a quadruple bypass is quite high.  
Still, it's about the same level of guilty satisfaction as a pack of Camel Lights.
I'd recommend getting the salad instead of the fries unless you want a heart attack before you leave the premises.Food was perfectly cooked. Filet mignon medium well juicy and tender. Salmon was very good as  well, not greasy with a nice crust. Mashed potatoes were rich and velvety. The service was attentive and friendly. We had drinks while we waited for our table and the bar staff was also very welcoming and warm. The whole whole ambience was intimate and romantic. The high ceilings, the jazz music and the leather booths reminded us of "The Great Gatsby." We loved it.After mulling over a couple of restaurants my husband and I decided to go here for our anniversary dinner and man are we glad we did. Hands down the best dinner I have ever had! Highly recommend the crab cake appetizer. Had the delmonico steak and fried shrimp, stuffed hash browns and creamed spinach. Even the butter here is phenomenal. Everything was delish! Definitely upscale so dress accordingly. They even gave us a complimentary dessert for the occasion. The only weird thing was the bathroom was so plain compared to the rest of the place. Lovely experience all around and would give them ten stars if I could! If you're confused about where to go for a special occasion stop looking cause this is the place!We went here for my boyfriend's 30th birthday. The atmosphere was so cool...reminded us of boardwalk empire! the waiter immediately asked if we were celebrating an occasion and i let them know it was his birthday. We ordered wayyyy too much food. started off with the calamari which was amazing but way too big for two people. We always get the fillet whenever we go to steakhouses but decided to expand our palates for once and get the Delmonico. What a great choice!!!! Best steak i have ever eaten! Steak was perfectly cooked with a nice crust on it and perfectly seasoned. Don't forget the mushrooms and onions! For sides we also had the hashbrowns (massive and awesome) and creamed spinach (could have done without). We were so stuffed we couldn't order dessert but the waiter brought out a scoop of ice cream with a candle for his birthday which was nice. Overall A+ experience. Next time will be requesting a booth!We were excited to visit Philly & dine here with friends. The design of the restaurant made us feel like we went back in time... to a more glamorous time. Even our knowledgeable & attentive waiter looked (convincingly) like he stepped out of the past. I am a big fan of details and the details were very much of the era Starr was trying to create.  The restaurant was very dim but it really added to the romantic ambience.  I usually find steakhouses uninspiring in design however I adored Butcher & Singer.  We started with champagne cocktails served in period appropriate glasses followed by fresh, delicious salads. I had the shrimp & crab louie which was so good I wish I had another right now! Our steaks were tender & flavorful. To round out this old school steak dinner we had the hash brown which was a big hit with each of us.  It seemed like it would be bland from its description but it actually had a very good flavor.  Too full for dessert, I pushed that we should share a baked alaska.  The flavors were subtle and light.  The combination of its textures and flavors was a perfect end to a perfect night.I went to Butcher and Singer during Restaurant week, and of course opted for the Restaurant week menu. The appetizers (Corn soup & Arugula salad) were honestly very bad and deserts (Salted caramel chocolate tart & coconut cake) were just ok, nothing out the world. But I am giving 4 stars for the ambience & the entres. The Filet Mignon and Berkshire Pork Chop were amazing and delicious! The place is very sophisticated but rustic and beautiful at the same time.I might have expected too much after reading so many reviews from yelp. 
Had steak and it was just ok. Honestly I could have cooked better than that. 
The lighting inside the restaurant was just too dark and the service was bad. Couldn't grab the waiter because he was too busy.I came here for lunch since I was wandering around Center City and was hankering for a good burger. When I walked in, I knew immediately I was under-dressed. I wondered if they would still seat me, and they did! You walk in, and it just looks like a swanky joint with its dark reds and brown interior design.  They did seat me off to this side section and I watched other well-dressed diners enjoy lunch in the central dining area while everyone else in jeans was seated in my section. ha.......
The Butcher burger had English cheddar cheese and fried onions on top. It also came with some sort of house sauce. I was going to order french fries on the side but the waiter informed me that the burger came with fries! sweet! I asked for my burger medium-well and the waiter raised his eyebrows as if to say, "really? come on!" so I immediately changed my order to medium and he looked more pleased.
I was very pleased to see the cook on this burger. Nice and pink on the inside and a bit firm. The meat quality was great and very well seasoned. I especially liked the crispy fries. There was so much, I couldn't finish.  I was very pleased with this meal and mental note: don't wear jeans into a steakhouse!My husband and I had a fabulous night at Butcher and Singer.  Our server, Donavon, was spectacular.  Wonderful wine recommendation... steak was cooked to perfection and sides were recommended beautifully.. We had steak tartar and the Louie salad which were fantastic as appetizers and we could not have asked for a more romantic evening.. Best service we've had in years! Would definitely recommend Donavon as a server and this perfect meal to any of our friends! Been to many great restaurants in the city and will be back again soon!!! Thank you!!!!How would I sum up this restaurant in one word? WOW. I've been to many of the best steakhouses in the tri-state area, including wolfgangs, bobby fl etc. However B&S is a new favorite! I ordered a filet mignon with a side of spinach and mashed potatoes, what I got exceeded my expectations. The filet was done just right, seasoned to perfection, while the mashed potatoes were rich and whipped. The atmosphere was also unique and made me feel like I went back in time to the classy 1940s. Will definitely be back!This is not a five star restaurant! This is a six star restaurant!  The food was incredible, the service was impeccable, the treatment was indescribable, the atmosphere, appearance and table setting was made for the elite. Truly an awesome experience and a must go. I will not spoil it but a famous boxer was at one table and a movie star was at the other table. No one bothered them but I did discreetly speak with each and told each of them that they are great. Wow!From the food to the service, everything is 5 stars! Such a great meal, we had a host of appetizers all fabulous. Not too crazy about the stuffed hash browns. The steak tartare was DELECTABLE! The singer fries were so amazing. Not a lot of bad things to say. Worth the splurge!!My boyfriend and I had a romantic dinner at B&S. He ordered a Caesar salad which they brought it out in two plates for us because we told them we were sharing it.  (Great service point). My bf ordered the surf and turf: an 8oz lobster tail and 8oz filet mignon. The lobster was delicious and the filet was not bad.  The outside was a bit over cooked. I ordered the porterhouse, the filet portion was a bit over seasoned and over cooked. We shared a side of mushrooms and onions.  We ordered the right amount of food.  Sadly we were too stuffed to have any dessert. 
The bartenders definitely know how to make great cocktails.  Must try their signature drink the butcher Manhattan.
The decor of the establishment is beautiful! Gorgeous over sized chandeliers and murals of dogs on the walls.  The leather chairs were comfy too.The best steakhouse I've been to! the atmosphere is perfect, it's dark but it's welcoming. Every single part of our meal was amazing. The French Onion soup was great as was the caesar salad which was definitely big enough to share! I had an 8 oz fillet which was perfect along with the bacon mac and cheese. The mac and cheese was wonderful. For dessert, we tried the Baked Alaska which was as good as the rest of the meal. The drinks were perfect as well! Not one bad thing to say about our experience here!This place is for the Sinatra at heart! Definitely has that rat pack genre vibe with suited servers and classy cocktails. The seafood tower was delish and the steaks were simple without fluff but juicy and cooked right. Unique place you have to check out!This was a tough one. A LOT of good things, and one major fault, which was quality of food related.
Let's start with the positives. Service was very professional, attentive and quick (possibly too quick, as I feel a fine dining establishment should be a bit slower overall, compared to a regular restaurant). We had a special occasion, and everyone, from the hostess, to the server, to the manager acknowledged it- which was very nice. The mixed drinks were very nice. The biscuits with honey butter were excellent. The scallops were good, not great, and the mac and cheese was very nice. The wedge salad, was actually very impressive, with a very rich, and flavorful russian dressing. The key lime pie was also very good, with strong flavor and a beautiful message written, for our special occasion. We also liked the ambience and decor. Beautiful old building, nice decorations, music was good, and we sat in a nice booth. 
Now for the bad. At a steak house, you'd think the steak would be a highlight, but it unfortunately it wasn't. It was decent at best, but not great, as one would expect. I'm not a big steak guy, but I've had better filets at both Capital Grille, as well as Flemings, which I was not expecting. Mine was cooked very well, with a beautiful char crisp exterior. But the quality of the meat wasn't up to par, in my opinion. The meat did that weird thing where when you cut it, it sort of flattens and separates a bit, with it still being sorta still together. I have no idea what it is called, but it wasn't good. The better filets that I've had in the past cut like butter, and the meat stayed nice and firm, and together, as you cut it.  The flavor of the meat was nice, but my prior experiences with nice filets, have been better. 
It's a shame, as pretty much everything else was very nice, and the service was excellent. It feels very nice as a customer, for all the staff members to acknowledge a big event in one's life, so that was nice. My partner was also very impressed, and happy, which was nice. Just felt it fell short, on the steak, and that was a major disappointment for what was supposed to be one of the top steakhouses in Philly.I love Butcher and Singer, and look forward to visiting the restaurant when I come to Philadelphia. The ambience is classic, yet a bit more modern than a traditional steak house. This gives the place visual interest and makes it feel new and exciting.
I met friends here for dinner and we had drinks at the bar while waiting a few minutes for our table. I had a dirty martini on a whim, and it was delicious!
As a table, we tried a variety of things. I absolutely love the onion soup. It was decadent, but not too too heavy. The tomato and roquefort salad was delicious, and the creaminess of the roquefort paired nicely with the crunch of the ripe, bright red tomatoes. I had a filet, and it was perfectly cooked to medium with a nice char-not buttery, not greasy. Thank goodness.
The fries, stuffed hashed browns, mushrooms & onions, and brussels sprouts were fantastic as well. I would recommend getting a few of these options to go with your filet!
Enjoy!Celebrating our 20th Anniversary and the food and service was excellent! Very professional and friendly. Our waiter Brian was excellent! You want good service ask to be waited with Brian! Here are a few of our pictures!Once again need 1/2 stars. 
Because they really are 4.5 out of 5 stars. Seriously the best biscuits I ever had. 
Fillet butterflied Oscar style is probably the best steak dish I ever eat!
The side dishes are only thing I don't love here compared to Ruth Chris or Del Friscos. It also is one of the more expensive steakhouses.Love the place and the services here. We came here in the restaurant week and we were very please with everything they did from the remind call prior to the dinner reservation and answered all my concerns questions. Their drinks are good. They are expensive and worth the money. The food are good but not the best. Iwould love to recommended every one here for the good atmosphere.*** Restaurant Week Review ***
Came here during restaurant week for a date night. Food, service and atmosphere were awesome. Together, we ordered:
Crab Cake Appetizer - A little small, but combined with the slaw that it comes with, a perfect start to the meal.
8 oz. Filet - "GEINEIFNLAEHFIWNFDKLMWNFBNOL" - That's me not being able to find the words to describe how good this filet was. 
Salmon Entree - She said she LOVED the sauce it came with. And the salmon itself was much bigger than i expected it to be
Green Beans - Easily the surprise of the meal. One of the best vegetable sides I've ever had
Creamed Spinach - Nothing special. Tasted like something out of Boston Market, granted I don't eat creamed spinach often, so probably wouldn't be able to tell a good one from a bad one.
Chocolate Torte - This was her dessert. And if you like chocolate, you'll love this. Super rich. 
Lemon Tart - They ain't playing when they say "tart." This thing was damn near like a warhead and had me making those faces babies make when they eat a lemon. I didn't finish it and would probably recommend the Blood Orange Sorbet instead.
**BONUS - Honey Butter Biscuits - A very nice surprise at the start of the meal, and ridiculously good. 
All-in-all, an outstanding experience. And the value is out of this world. $35 for 3 courses and a side? The filet itself is $42 on a normal day. 
Would I come back for full price? Probably not. But for restaurant week - this is a must-go.Went here for Mother's Day and I must say that I was thoroughly disappointed.  This was my 3rd time at Butcher & Singer, but it was the first that the food was absolutely unappealing.  
The staff was amazing per usual and the ambiance....I love it.  It makes me feel so very comfortable.  My bread was great and my Lump Crab Cocktail was the stuff that dreams are made of.  Two glasses of Rose and I was definitely ready for my meal!  I ordered the Roasted Chicken and a side of Haricots Verts Amandine.  Bland. Bad. Horrible.  The ice that my Lump Crab Cocktail was placed on, tasted better than the Chicken.  The Haricots were tasteless, even with the almonds.  My husband ordered the Swordfish with a side of mashed potatoes.  Swordfish...pretty decent, but couldn't been better.  The mash potatoes were absolutely amazing.  I love them.  I didn't complain there, simply because I was in a good mood and honestly didn't even want to attempt anything else on the menu.  I might come back for another try, but spending $160 on food that I was so thoroughly disappointed in, will weigh heavily in my decision making.I travel constantly, have a strong preference for good beef, and am lucky enough to indulge myself in this type of restaurant regularly.  And, amongst all of the steakhouses I get to visit, I consider this amongst the very best in the country.  Whether service, meat quality, quality of sides or atmosphere, Butcher and Singer is terrific.Solid steakhouse. Food was very good. Normally the quality of the food would have led me to give this restaurant a rating of 4, at least. However, I had very high expectations since this restaurant had come so highly recommended and has been the recipient of many acclades. A steakhouse should bring a certain level of detail and service which I've seen in other top restaurants. Don't get me wrong... still a fantastic place. Nice atmosphere, great service and delicious food. Try the shrimp cocktail and stuffed hashbrowns!!My boyfriend and I went to Butcher and Singer last night for restaurant week. We were able to get a last minute reservation, so we were very excited! We had never been before and you just can't beat the restaurant week deal/price. First off, the biscuits were AMAZING. Served warm and just melt in your mouth good. For appetizer: caesar salad and crab cake. Both were just okay, but still good. For dinner we both had the filet. Both were cooked exactly how we asked, and they offered a few different complimentary sauces to go with the meal, both that we chose were so good. The sides we chose were string beans and mashed potatoes. My boyfriend doesn't usually love vegetables, but the string beans were made with onions and some kind of flavoring and even he thought they were delicious! Mashed potatoes were also really tasty. We also ordered the bacon macaroni and cheese and we really enjoyed. For dessert we chose the chocolate pot de creme (AMAZING) and the lemon tart, which was too sour for our liking. Our waiter, Brian, was so nice and accommodating, and we even got into conversation with him about his family. We ordered a bottle of wine, and even though the restaurant was so busy, we never once felt rushed or like we needed to get out of there to let another party be seated. Overall a great experience during restaurant week and I would definitely recommend to friends!Sweet Jesus!!!!!!! There strip steak is sheer magic, the mashed potatoes are perfectly flavored . There lobster tail was perfection . I washed this delicacy down with a Manhattan- which was amaze balls!!!!!! My dessert was the divine  baked Alaska- best baked Alaska on the planet! Great service !!!!!! I felt at home . Beautiful decorNobody enjoys a good steak like I do...  unfortunately, this was not one.  
Still a beautiful space, and with very good service, B&S is hyped as a retro steakhouse and certainly the menu reflects this, with a nod to yesteryear when a side dish could be comprised of equal parts shredded potatoes, sour cream, butter and salt.  Let's face it, it's gonna taste good, even if I did feel the need to scan the room for my doctor before digging in.
Just as unhealthy (and salty) was the Creamed Spinach - think Boston Market's version - with maybe a pinch of Tarragon?   Not bad, but clearly nothing special.
As for the main event, one of our party ordered the Porterhouse ($42 I believe) and we opted to share the Porterhouse for Two, at $73.  We received exactly the same steak, the only difference being that ours had been pre-cut into many little pieces... perhaps to make it appear larger?!  Retro theme is one thing, but I haven't needed my mommy to cut my meat for many years now, thanks.
While tasty (grilled meat crusted in salt, of course it's tasty), I have never been served a Porterhouse that was as surrounded by grisle...  and frankly for $73 I would have expected better.
As for those tasty - if not very clever - side dishes, their prices were very much not retro, mostly in the $9 - $12 range, nothing unusual these days but in serving sizes for one, possibly two patrons at the most, absolutely not for the 'whole table' [of four] that our waiter had suggested.
While not a bad meal, this is very much not a special meal.  Perhaps we are old-fashioned, but I still expect a special meal when spending more than $100 a head.
The restaurant will be a huge success for many years, as it has 'Starr' status, but if you are a true old-school carnivore, you might want to give up a bit of the ambience here and opt instead for Fogo de Chao instead, at half the price.The perfect classic steakhouse. Intimate, but also lively. Great ambiance. Food was not disappointing although I wouldn't call it cutting edge. Its just what it should be and I look forward to going back.Oh Stephen Starr you have done it again.  Butcher & Singer is a quality top-notch steakhouse. I doubt you could have a bad meal here.  I don't normally like to judge restaurants by Restaurant Week but Butcher & Singer exceeded my expectations (with a few problems.)
The reservation was for 7:45. We arrived at 7:44, were told that the restaurant was running behind, and ended up being seated around 8:15. Normally I wouldn't mind and would head to the bar, but B&S's bar is about the size of 8 chairs and was packed with other diners waiting for their table. We passed the time watching some 60 yr old men hitting on 22 yr olds.
The food was amazing.  The 8 oz filet mignon was tender and melted in your mouth. While I don't know if it was the best steak I've ever had (the memories of one at The Palm still linger..) it ranks up there.  
I wasn't so fond of the dessert.  If it wasn't Restaurant Week, I wouldn't even get dessert. It was chocolate salted caramel tart and was just okay.
I will definitely be back.Second time around I wasn't so impressed.  The burger buns were all burned, and my appetizer really wasn't so appetizing.  Drinks were in the 'too expensive' category, and I caught a whiff of pretentiousness from the maitre'd.  I probably won't be coming back here, unless it's for a burger at lunch.