"Great decor and ambience. Friendly staff. Overpriced and uninspired food ($10+ single link of housemade sausage, $9 for single slab of pork belly, etc., $300 for what you see on their website)"
Food was good but slightly overpriced and lacking in inspiration.
Sausages were good but lacked fat. They were a bit dry. And remember it's $10+ for a single link of sausage.
Burger tasted very similar to a Big Mac! Which is not a bad thing. Two patties. Very juicy. With toasted white buns. Without any sides. Fairly overpriced.
Pork belly slab was tasty. $9 for a single slab.
The restaurant is actually very big and seating extends way into the fenced back yard! Lovely decoration and design. Very friendly staff.Surprisingly, a place called butcher bar has AMAZING vegetarian options.  The eggplant meatballs are absolutely dope and the cauliflower steak is extremely tasty.  The drinks in the place are awesome especially the win win, gin cocktail that has a jolt of citrus in it as well.  Overall, awesome loud atmosphere, the bar is a fun spot to people watch and the service has been great so far (3rd visit in 4 months)Had a great time at Butcher Bar tonight. Food was flavorful, quickly served, and hearty. We loved the poutine and the Italian meatballs in particular! Prices are reasonable and drinks are great. Cool atmosphere -- theming was on point. Open air front helped us to take advantage of the beautiful weather, and we hear there is a courtyard coming soon. Service was fantastic.. For being open less than a week, already feels like a well oiled machine with a great, courteous, and attentive staff. Billy in particular was great -- friendly, helpful, and wonderful stories. We will certainly be back soon.Went in for lunch, got the duck wings (9/10) sauce was really saucy and good a lot of flavor, duck was flavorful and was fried well. 
Got the Steak, aaaand the problems began. For a $31 steak it was not cooked to order. When it arrived it looked very nice and aesthetically pleasing but the steak was un evenly re-heated. room temp in some places and warm/hot in others. When I told the waiter this they just reheated it under a lamp or something... and the medium rare became over cook.... at that point I just ate it and the sauce from the duck. 
Taste like Chinese food when you have like beef and broccoli, which wasn't actually bad but it was still not really evenly heated..... if you over cook it might as well over cook it all?...
The service was good, our waiter was real nice and personable. 
Sat outside in the summer which is also nice. 
TL:DR if you messed up a $31 lunch steak, you should just re make me one, not re heat it un evenly and over cook it.Really cool and intimate atmosphere with limited seating upstairs and small bar downstairs next to the open kitchen. Drink selection was spot on with the butcher's punch. Paired nicely with the strip steak. The starters were overall pretty good, nothing spectacular. We probably could have had our whole meal on cured meats and sausages. I would get the sloppy joe poutine again, but the monkey bread was not worth a second go around. Strip steak was awesome with a side of nicely sautéed and/or grilled veggies. Will def. be back for more cheese/meat boards and drinks.Great steakhouse without the boners in suits. 
Duck wings A+
Smoked slab A+ 
Ribeye A+Amazing meal and great service. Bone marrow appetizer was delicious and just the right amount. Wild boar ribs were fall off the bone. Bourbon Moscow mule....come on! Can't wait to go back.Ok so the steak and Mac and cheese was delicious (oh the bacon). When the dessert option was highly recommended by the waiter I was sold. I was excited to try the dessert and realized it's was the most expensive option so I told my friend that I'm probably going to get the most expensive one but turns out the menu he had, the price was different (lower) for the same exact dessert. I was the waitstaff if he could explain it and he said no he could not but would charge me the lower price. First: why me, as a woman, was given the more higher priced menu while my male friend had the lower price. And second: why could you not explain the different prices, "hey that menu was old price, your is new" etc. maybe the couple next to us had a different priced menu targeted specifically for them. Who knows. I wouldn't take take a chance and go to this place.Later review:
I had such a great time at brunch this past Sunday and I wanted to rave about it.The employees are amazing and pay great attention to you whether you're there with a group or alone. The bartenders do a great job and make delicious specialty cocktails. I really enjoyed my bacon infused vodka bloody mary and had their classic eggs benedict. I came in for drinks again the following evening and the bartender remembered my face and made me feel very welcomed.Everything we had was great! The pork ribs, duck wings, and octopus entree were all delicious! And the warm chocolate chip cookie hit the spot at the end!If you're planning on catching a show at the Helium Comedy Club, this is a great place for a pre-show meal. Right around the corner from the club, this two-story restaurant is the place to go. The place itself has a really relaxed and a little bit of a rustic feel to it - the homemade beef jerky we ordered was served in a mini mason jar on top of a wood coaster (probably wouldn't order it again because it was $10 but it would be a nice bar snack). There are bar seats, which you can look onto if you're seated upstairs (recommend) and an open kitchen where you can watch the magic happen. We saw an order of the 50oz rib-eye (?) being cooked on the grill and it was beautiful. I definitely recommend ordering the cauliflower and brussels sprouts as an appetizer. The menu itself is mostly tapas style, meant to be shared with a lot of people, emphasizing the very communal feel of the restaurant. However, we both ordered separate entrees and I have to recommend the ribs with the jalapeno corn bread. It could easily be shared between two people but the jalapeno corn bread is the perfect balance between sweet and savory and pairs really well with the ribs.Went with a friend for happy hour/dinner on a Wednesday night and was able to grab one of the last tables. It was quite busy at 5:30. We ordered the smoked Gouda Mac and cheese, Italian meatballs, Parmesan garlic bread, and the house cut fries. Everything was delicious! The Mac was definitely my favorite. The fries came with a special house ketchup that complimented the peppery fries very well. It was a mix between ketchup and maybe a special barbecue sauce? Very good! This is a whiskey bar, but they had lots of great beers on tap and delicious cocktails. I can't seem to remember the name of my beer, but the afterglow cocktail was interesting! I'm not sure that it's for everyone but it's worth a try! Will definitely coming back here.Delicious! We ordered the steak, Brussels sprouts, & egg plant meatballs. Our favorite was the eggplant meatballs! Everything tasted delicious and everyone around us were really pleased with their food. Service was great too!Fun place that served food quickly in small portions and close to our daughters place. Good to try new things. The male liked meat and the Mac n cheese. I liked the salad with grilled peach. Daughter liked sloppy joe French fries. Tried cookie dessert and cider choices too. Very popular this week after opening and doing great on service.I love that they have a smoker, which worked well on the bacon appetizer I had!  But one strip is not worth $9-I've had better with more generous portions.  
Tried their house made jerky, which was ok.  Not much flavor (let alone to justify $10)?  I'm more than happy to pay good money for good food, but it didn't add up at least for the apps.  The servers were great!Butcher Bar... I was here several months ago for a lunch so early that I think me and my guest were the only people in the place. Right off the rip I'll say we didn't have "the cookie" as we were just too full. So what did we have?
The game hen, the fried chicken chicharrones w/ aioli, the Italian meatballs, baked beans, and fries if I remember correctly, and many... plenty of little coffee cups. I had the menus mixed up because at the time they were only offering a meatball sandwich for lunch as opposed to the little griddles. Either way, I wasn't too impressed by the meatballs. The griddle was cool. They did let me swap it in for the sandwich. Literally as the 3 stars suggest... they were just A-OK. Maybe I shouldn't have gotten the traditional Italian? Dining out, I haven't seen a meatball big enough. Not since I was a child. Maybe the big meatballs died out in the 80's.
My guest enjoyed her game hen and I tried some. It was decent, but lacked that UMPH! The herb crust really had nice texture to it. I'm just used to my chicken slammin... flavors jumping off the top rope onto my tongue (a high risk maneuver... like adding more of everything to the chicken). This hen was more like a wink and nod or better yet the wink and the gun. The flavor said "no, we'll call you." I'm just taking some jabs at the hen because of the price, but it was alright.
Did the fries, or the beans, or even the chicken chicharrones save the meal? No. But they kept the peace. More or less it's all comfort food and if it did nothing else, it did make me feel comfortable. The chicharrones (read: chicken skins) were probably the highlight. I can't argue with that. Otherwise, the ambiance was cool as was the upstairs window side view on a crisp March noon. We enjoyed ourselves and our area filled in with a small lunch crowd by the time we were done.
If I come back, I'm just getting alcohol and a cookie. Definitely not beans. Definitely not.The Butcher Bar was a revelation and the best meal we ate in Philadelphia. We had the sloppy joe poutine which was pretty much the best thing ever. Lots of flavor, a huge portion too (not really a starter as it says on the menu... more of a shared side dish). 
I had the octopus and oh my. The flavors just marry together so wonderfully, there was no way it could have been improved. Everything was perfect. OK I wish it had been bigger - it's a small dish and served on a tiny plate - but when it tastes this good, not gonna complain. Octopus is tender as... 
Garlic bread on the side was superb. Tempted to say the best I've ever had, barring my husband's of course. 
Speaking of whom, he had the rigatoni which he said was plenty flavorful and a real break from the norm. 
Our waitress was a little hyper for our tastes, rather obnoxious to be so over-the-top with everyone. We found her rather annoying and in-your-face, but no issues or anything with the order. Just please, calm down dear. 
I would LOVE to return here if I'm ever back in Philly! Top marks!Loveweee their sloppy joe poutine!!! butcher punch is always good and sitting at the bar is the best!I am obsessed. My husband and friend  love places like Fogo de Chao, Chima, etc  while the "girls" are like to eat more healthy :) We were suggested Butcher Bar --lean meat, amazing tapas. Ok, give it a try! It was pretty meat-heavy on the menu. Baked beans, amazing bacon, meatballs, sausages, iceberg wedge saiad even had bacon, and home-made beef jerky. But very lean, not greasy, super high quality. It looks like from the reviews I am that they are more diverse now since we went two weeks-one month after they opened. HOWEVER, the whole place had this wonderful, smoky feel that was not too overpowering and the cookie dessert falls in the category of "I can't" but sure I could.  There's some sort of $250 meat extravaganza (like for six people) you have to order the night before that would be awesome for a bachelor party or girl's night out which we might do next time we go. Yay. Great addition to the neighborhood!Service was outstanding, the bar menu thorough, the food yes and no...
Small plates are the play here (though there are main plates too) and sharing is caring. We had ten things between us and most hit the mark: the bacon (you had me at slab), Brussels and cauliflower, wedge salad, stuffed mushrooms, the meatballs, the sausages. Disappointingly, the ribs were tough though they did fall off the bone and the steak was tough too. The Mac and cheese was bland, the Gouda didn't work well as prepared. 
The music was good songs, too bad the Pandora kept going in and out. It's lively and smells great... it could hit it out of the park if the food was as good as the service.Our party of seven loved the Butcher Bar. Fantastic food coupled with great service.
For appetizers we enjoyed the cauliflower/asparagus, duck wings and the sloppy joe poutine fries.  All delicious!
Five of us loved the wild boar ribs w/ corn bread. Every bite was as delicious as the first. Seriously!  The corn bread-Amazing.
Other main courses were the halibut and the rib eye.  We also shared the octopus dish with the table. Very, very good. It reminded me of octopus that is served on the north coast of Spain.
Excellent beer and wine list. As well as an extensive spirit list. Our server was "Larry". She did an excellent job and was fun to interact with.
I'll be back next time I'm in Philly.Amazing service and the manager was walking around (not hovering) ensuring everyone was pleased with the experience.  The ribs and burger were phenomenal.  I know you are going to think you don't want dessert...but please reconsider!  The chocolate chip cookie is absolutely amazing.  
The ribs had an insane amount of meat on them and had a good ratio of meat to fat (let's be real, ribs need a little bit of fatness!). Over all a great experience and their punch was delicious.  
If you are in Philly and especially staying in Rittenhouse, just do yourself a favor and come to this place.  If I could have rated a 4.5 I definitely would have!Such good food and perfect service. Each dish was overloaded with flavours! I gasped and mm-ed with each dish. The two of us got the cauliflour salad, eggplant meatballs, gouda mac and cheese. The balance of protein, carbs, veggies were perfect with this combo. Hands-down recommended for any vegetarians walking into a place called the "butcher bar". I was warned by fellow Canadians that food in the American east coast would be salty, and it was. So. Salty. (Hence the one star off) But if you are going to go loose on the sodium, do it as well as Butcher Bar. I was drinking water likr a hippo, but also couldn't stop myself from taking another bite. The server was the right amount of friendly, made sure we enjoyed every dish and every interaction with her.Chicken ciccarones. Outstanding.
Rotisserie chicken.  Perfectly seasoned and moist.
Popcorn ice cream.  Close resemblance in flavor. Surprisingly fresh.Went in for the cookie dessert. It's absolutely delicious, but it's a little pricy... $12 for a cookie and a scoop of vanilla ice cream. Also had one of their cocktails, way too sweet and not too much alcohol in there for $14 I think? Prob won't go bAck unless I'm craving for the cookies again.What a great place! Great selection of beers on tap. Friendly and knowledgeable staff. Very nice menu selection. My steak was cooked perfectly and the cookie in an iron skillet was the perfect end to a great night. Will definitely be back.This was a pretty awesome eating experience for me and my friends. We got "the trough" which if you have never tried...it's definitely an experience maybe u and your friends/family should try if you ever get the chance. The assortment and variety of deliciously fatty and scrumptious meats with the helping of pita underneath and of course you can add some veggie sides for all your veggie loving friends out there! 2 of my favorite parts of the trough is the fall apart ribs that come on the platter and the delicious thick cut bacon-it's the best bacon I've ever had hands down. Only complaint about this is it probably is not worth the $$ you would pay....say if u were just going to try each of the meats individually off the menu but I would definitely recommend the whole fun eating experience of eating off this huge trough of food with your loved ones:)Chicken and waffle eggs Benedict had me ready to move to philly when I ate it. Their whiskey selection is amazing, several whiskeys from Japan on the list. I can't wait to go back!I'm in a Food Tour of philly hitting a bunch of spots. 
My GF & I had the pleasure of dining at the Butcher Bar. I was browsing yelp, it was close to the hotel & had "Royale with cheese" in the menu. So my inner Jules Winfield was intrigued.
We set out Sunday evening for dinner. We arrived about 15 min before our reservation and we were seated immediately. 
Our server asked if it was our first time & then ran down the whole menu for us. Lots of great options for food & drink.
We ordered :
I had a Boston lager & a Manhattan- classic Manhattan only thing missing was the cherry. 
My GF- GM chilled & The Rum Ocho- very good! 
Duck wings- amazing, the sauce for the wings was great, the duck was juicy and flavorful.
Mac & cheese- it came in a mini cast iron pan and was cheesy and Tasty.
Royale with cheese- one of the best burgers I've ever had. The burger sauce was great.
Sweet potatoes- the sweet potatoes were tasty and 
Flavorful.
Our server was helpful and knowledgeable of the menu. We had a great meal, we were full & will definitely return next time we are in town. 
My next visit I hope to come with friends and get "The Trough" IT MUST BE DONE.
I would highly recommend Butcher Bar for food, cocktails and a cool atmosphere in Philly.We went to have a quick dinner, It was absolutely amazing, the drinks, the food and especially the SERVICE! Our server was so great I can't wait to go visit Philly again just to come back here! I wish I could remember our waitress's name, she was my favorite!
My husband had the Bison Burger  with a Meat Cleaver drink as well as the eye of the tiger. 
I had the double patty burger with fries and Westside of the broad drink.One of the best chicken sandwiches I've had. Not heavily breaded & just the right amount of food. Plus, the spicy margarita was great!My boyfriend and I are visiting in philly, and we decided to check out butcher bar that is a block away from us. Such cute service staff! I love them! They are so nice and friendly, and since we were new to the city, our impression of the newly founded place was such a warm welcoming compared to our usual "too casual" place bar in San francisco for us. John and billy were such sweethearts to us both!So I came here specifically for the Nutella cookie dessert. I realize that sounds silly, but seeing so many people posting photos of it, I had to try it being a dessert lover.  With that being said, I wanted a smaller and less substantial dinner. I ordered the stuffed portabella mushroom caps and they were phenomenal. I ordered this really as an afterthought, wanting somewhat lighter and smaller fare but didn't want a salad so this was really the best option. The cheeses stuffed in this were great, had a bit of bite. Sautéed spinach, tomatoes and onions in there as well, seasoned with olive oil and garlic I believe. Really great, really fresh. 
The cookie was really good. I think I built it up too much for it to be amazing. It wasn't hot, it was slightly warm which was a bummer since it comes out in the cast iron skillet. It very soft and gooey which was wonderful, I would have liked a larger scoop of ice cream with it.  I would order it again. 
There are several items at this restaurant I really want to try, I will definitely be back.Place was packed but based on he reviews and food pics we wanted to check it out. The bartender saw that we were trying to find a place at the bar and she made sure we found a spot... regardless of the pretentious "too cool for school" Silicon Valley millennial that thought he could take up two bar stools because he wanted more space. The bartender was awesome... actually all of them were really nice and the mood in the bar was great. The bourbon drinks we had were well made, the Buffalo Trace Old Fashioned was soooo good. I could go on for a while on how good the food is but I will keep it short. AMAZING! From the sauces to the cheeses to the meatballs and free range bison burger everything we had was delicious. Didn't try the poutine but it looked amazing as well. I got a chance to meet Rob (Go Penncrest Lions, LOL) who went to a rival high school back in the day. All in all a great spot for drinks and dinner. My wife and I highly recommend Butcher Bar.Have had overall good meals during both my visits. I have been for both dinner and brunch. The charcuterie board was our favorite for dinner. I would HIGHLY recommend the skillet cookie with ice cream. So heavenly. They have a massive brunch "board" for 6 people that friends and I plan to try during another visit.This place is very cool. Cool interior and amazing food. I got the duck wings and wild boar ribs. The duck was very flavorful and juicy. The wild boar ribs were AMAZING. Falling off the bone amazing. The service was fast except everyone that worked there was.... weird. Every interaction I had with a server was the most awkward thing ever. I thought it was just the greeter but then the bar tender and waitress were extremely awkward as well. Left a weird sour taste in my mouth. Maybe it's because I'm young but whatever it is I hope you have a better experience.Everything about Butcher Bar screams steakhouse chic. Edison lighting, large bold bar, piled smoke/fire wood, and prime cuts of beef on display from the butcher cutting station. Stopped by for lunch on a weekday and pleasantly found a parking lot right next door. Sat at the bar and meandered through their collection of draft beers. Had the sauteed cauliflower with fried brussels sprouts as an appetizer. Sounds amazing on paper but it was mediocre to the taste. The steak on the lunch menu was pretty delicious. A bit chewy but the chimichurri sauce and the sweet potato fries with an aioli dip was fantastic. Pair that with a friendly, welcoming staff and you have yourself a 4 star establishment!Fried free range chicken sandwich and BLT are great! Must try cauliflower and Brussels appetizer/small plate.- Food did not live up to expectations
- Quality does not justify price
- Food for 8 people came out at different times over an hour timeframe which is not acceptable 
- Requested manager (Christine) twice, had to find her to complain about our experience, only said she's sorry
- Food is mediocre
- So loud you can't hear at your own table
- Only reason we didn't walk out is because our server Trevor was very pleasant and apologetic
*Not worth your time or money
*Trevor get a new job at a better restaurantWe stumbled onto this gem when I was in town for Thanksgiving, looking for a fun place to bring my wife and parents before a show at Helium comedy club (which is literally around the corner). What a lucky find - incredible food, fun atmosphere, and great drinks.
We started off with two appetizers- the house made beef jerky and the pretzel monkey bread. Both were fantastic. The beef jerky is very flavorful and rich, and clearly made on the premises. Be warned, you don't really get that much of it, so be prepared for more of a sample than a true appetizer if you're sharing. I thought the pretzel bread and the sauces (cheese and mustard) were also delicious, and kept eating it throughout the meal.
For main courses, we ordered a mix of small plates/main dishes. The meatball/sausages themselves are standalone, and probably not filling on their own- but pair them with a side and you're getting plenty of food. I had the Yards IPA Spicy Italian sausage, which was tasty, if not a bit boring given the selection (but hey, I enjoyed it). It wasn't very spicy at all, so no worries if you're sensitive. My wife had the Royale with Cheese, which was a well done take on a burger, and quite filling. My father ordered the smoked wild boar ribs, which were fantastic, and melted off the bone (these were advertised as spicy as well, but were totally fine). I can't remember what my mother had, but we shared a series of sides/small plates as well. I remember all of them being good, but the clear standout here was here were the candied sweet potatoes, which were outstanding. Overall, the food was outstanding. 
We had a variety of drinks, and suffice to say if you're a craft beer fan, you're in luck- this goes beyond the big name local breweries and really gets in the weeds (at least it seemed that way to an out of towner). The cocktails also seemed good and those who ordered them were satisfied, though I didn't try one. 
The atmosphere is trendy, but not obnoxious. The staff are quirky, but highly knowledgable, friendly, and extremely helpful. Our waitress was great and made fantastic recommendations throughout the meal. The place is small, so I would highly advise reservations. We went there and it was relatively empty, but this was also 1) a holiday weekend, and 2) when the place was open 6 weeks with a handful of reviews- it seems like its really blowing up (rightfully so). From a price standpoint, its totally reasonable- we spent a good amount of money, but we also ordered a lot of dishes and drinks. 
Overall, this was a great find. We had a fantastic night and between the staff, food, and the atmosphere. From my parents, most of my Philadelphia food experience are old time Italian places buried in between row homes, but I love coming back to find that Philly has places like Butcher Bar coming onto the scene. I would recommend it to anyone looking for good food in a laid back atmosphere, and can't wait to come back.The Butcher Bar is a great restaurant for celebrating a special occasion. The General Manager went out of his way to help me build out an appetizer and a round of cocktails for my party - all ready when we arrived at our table. The staff was super  friendly and well trained on cocktails and the menu. For the amount of food that the table shared along with drinks, the price was well worth it.  The noise level in the back area was not too loud - everyone could talk and enjoy the conversation. I would highly recommend this restaurant.Holy meatballs, Batman! Love the meatballs here and they somehow found a way to make Brussel sprouts taste good. Monkey bread and ribs are also can't miss parts of the menu.Love this new addition to the Philly restaurant scene! We stopped by for drinks before dinner and had a great time. Excellent drinks, loved every one we ordered from the cocktail selection. Plus, there were a decent amount of vegetarian food options - which was a pleasant surprise! The hipster (veggie) meatballs came as 3 in a small iron skillet and were delicious. I also couldn't help but admire the mouthwatering display of candied yams and chocolate chip cookies (with nutella) near the kitchen. Although I didn't get to explore the menu this time, I'm definitely coming back for dinner and dessert. And more drinks. 
The dining area is large with tables upstairs and in the back room. The bar area got pretty packed by the time we left at 7:30pm but we were very lucky to find seating for three at 6.Definitely not bad, but wouldn't rank it nearly as high as the consensus seems to be. Got the burger and fries, wasn't very impressed with either. Could definitely find something better cheaper nearby. Don't regret trying it out, but there are better options!Had a fantastic meal here, ordering 1) Italian meatballs; 2) one of the sausages with sauerkraut; 3) duck wings; 4) the royale with cheese; and 5) boar ribs. All the meats were prepared really well, but the burger was my favorite.
Our waitress, Sarah, was the best! Super attentive and kind throughout the meal.The hostess yesterday was AWFUL and RUDE. But our waitress, Karen, was awesome! My fiancée and I had lunch yesterday and the food was good! We started with the pretzel monkey bread which Karen recommended and it was phenomenal! We also ordered the Mac and cheese, Italian meatballs and the double burger. Everything was awesome...except the burger. It wasn't bad, just expecting a really great burger from a place that prides themselves on the meat selections. We would totally come back again for the waitstaff service and fun menu selections!Solid dinner choice in the Rittenhouse Square area. 
It was quite warm, so we ate on the lighter side with a starter and a side each rather than a full meal. My Italian Meatballs were good sized and tasty, but could have been a touch more tender. The roasted spring beets as a side were excellent, but the sautéed greens were a touch bitter for my personal taste. I didn't try my brother's Weisswurst, but he polished it off happily, so I assume it was fine as well. Overall a good meal, and with a god beer list and friendly service to boot.Great atmosphere and service. Feels refreshing to be there especially on the back patio. 
The issue is the food! It was very boring and maybe even bland. Meatballs were the featured item and didn't have much punch to them. Would come back for atmosphere but I was underwhelmed by the food.This is a new joint, we went here on Tuesday night for a team dinner.  The steak is best I have had in Philly and my colleagues agreed.  The cocktails and the apps were outstanding as well.  The only negative is the wine collection - they only have 3 whites and 3 reds but If want a good steak head on overJust went back again with family from out of town. Yes, three stars are about right. Good to great flavor with tapas style portion sizes, but not really a meal.  A little pricey, but not too bad since most of the food was very good.  A few bland items, but then again, it's a lot more a whiskey bar than a full restaurant.The restaurant had the look and menu of being really great but everything we got was just OK. I got the sausage hotdog and for awhile all I could taste was the sausage (perhaps some people prefer this) but it took awhile to taste the onions and other ingredients. Also I ordered a drink (it had earl grey in it) and it was terrible. Very watered down.This place is next level. Yes it's expensive, but I'd say it's worth it. I've never seen such an amazing variety of meet options. 
We had duck wings and boar ribs, two things I never even thought about eating and they were phenomenal. 
Even their veggies were great. My girlfriend ordered the cauliflower and Brussels sprout appetizer and I normally do not fw cauliflower but the way they sautéed it really worked and was a nice break from the meat. 
Finally the drinks were great. They know what they are doing. They have a fancy cocktail list but they still nail the classics. I had a wonderful sazerac, took me right back to NOLA.We had a great time at Butcher Bar. I've heard whispers that they've got a mean burger here that goes by the name of " The Royale with Cheese" and have been meaning to check it out ever since. Got to the restaurant with 6:15pm restaurant reservations for 4 but ended up checking out their happy hour. We were able to push back the reservation twice without difficulty. The happy hour Includes drinks (cocktails, beer and wine) along with many of their regular menu items priced lower. Once we finally sat down at our table we ordered the butcher board, totales with cheese and the bucatini/creamy pasta. All were absolutely delicious. The board is humongous and quite he undertaking even for 4 people. The royale with cheese lived up to its reputation but I'm still hesitant to dub it king as its expensive and doesn't come with fries. They charged 6 bucks for the smallest side of cold, soggy fries! That to me is simply ridiculous and is one thing this restaurant needs to change. Either make it a serving for the table to share or lower the cost of the fries. Work on their quality too. The burger itself was basically an exceptionally well done and meatier version of the Big Mac. Definitely worth a visit! I'll likely return for happy hour but take my burger business to places like Guppy's, Royal Tavern, Good Dog or Rex.Nice bar! The bartender was very friendly and had a lot of tricks, he could peel and skin limes in a cool way. We tried the half caraffe of some red wine which was nice. The garlic bread was probably the most amazing I ever had! Too good!Really great lunch menu. Great cocktails. Good selection of beer. Good if you're planning a lunch/dinner with a picky eater. Staff is friendly. Haven't eaten anything I didn't like yet.I can't wait to return here for actual dinner instead of after-work drinks/apps.  I'm a little disappointed our server didn't make any mention of the happy hour specials (nor were there any menus/sheets on the table about it), but honestly, it was a blessing in disguise because I discovered a new drink that I absolutely love which our server recommended for me.  
She was super knowledgeable of their expansive whiskey offerings, which was a nice plus.  I ended up ordering their "New York Sour," which was essentially a fresh made whiskey sour with a dash of red wine (fresh, strong, perfectly crafted, and no fake sour mixes).  Two of these and I was adequately buzzed.  I think they were like $15 a piece, which yes is pricey for a cocktail, but DAMN worth it.  These bartenders know what they're doing.  If you're a whiskey lover, or just appreciate a well-made cocktail, this is your place.
Anyway, their menu is nice and varied, with tapas style appetizers/small plates, charcuterie, and obviously a great meat entree section with a nice selection of different chops/cuts.  I was just looking for something small, so opted for their duck confit wings, which were, to put it simply, fantastic.  Succulent, crispy, tender and smothered in a wonderful asian style barbecue sauce and scallions. SO good.  My friend's crispy cauliflower/brussel sprouts dish was also very tasty.  The tapas are obviously on the smaller side, but adequate enough portions if you want to be comfortably full.
For 4 New York Sours and 2 appetizers, it came to about $75, which is on the high end.  But honestly worth it in my opinion.  I will 100% return back and try one of their steaks, etc., and definitely another great cocktail.
P.S. - There's a deceiving amount of seating in the place and their back outdoor seating area is adorable.Very good food! My friends and I are definitely going back. This is not a quiet, romantic place. Loud, fun atmosphere.For a place called Butcher Bar, would have expected more steak-type entrees beyond a rib eye and a generic steak/frites.  Ambience is nice - the back patio is lovely, especially in summer.  Food is a mixed bag.  Steak was overcooked for both of us who ordered it medium.  Octopus entrée was disappointingly oily and covered in a cream-based sauce that unfortunately masked the taste of the octopus itself.  Butcher Board appetizer (meats and cheeses) was....interesting.  Server who delivered it to our table didn't seem confident as to what the meats were. And, as we were leaving, we saw other Butcher Boards coming out of the kitchen garnished with generous amounts of fresh fruit (strawberries, grapes, etc.) and none of those were included on our version.  Jalepeno cornbread arrived drenched with honey which was a bummer as we expected it to be a savory appetizer.  Finally, roasted beet side dish arrived with a cheese/cream based sauce that again masked the taste of the beets.  We probably won't be back.Really loved our visit here. Originally we wanted to make reservations elsewhere, but decided that since we never tried this place, we'd give it a shot. After all, our friend was moving away and we wanted to celebrate her new adventure somewhere special and edgy. 
We ordered the Rigatoni, the Royale, the Hipster Meatballs, gouda mac n cheese, and monkeybread pretzel. Overall, each dish was delicious and well proportioned. Between the three of us, there were no leftovers. 
Service was friendly and attentive. It was a busy night so the food arrived a little late, but boy do they have a generous selection of beer on and off tap. Plenty of other drinks to choose from too. We sat upstairs, and despite the close proximity to the bathroom, we felt cozy in our corner. 
Only thing was that it was really loud. Could not hear my friends over the music and other raised voices around us as the tables are a little close. It is a small bar restaurant, so no surprise there. Would've been nicer if the volume was dialed down a bit.
Satisfied overall. Wouldn't say no to revisiting again some other time.Stumbled in while on a couples trip to Philly. Truly awesome place. Had the Fish of the day, which was crab cake with black bean/corn salsa and jalapeno cream puree.. delish! 
Would definitely go back when in town!Food, drinks and service absolutely perfect. Can't wait to come back during my next trip to philly.My experience at Butcher Bar was divine.
We had a rez on Saturday night and the place was packed. We were seated promptly. Their cocktails didn't strike my fancy but their draft beer list was colorful and expansive so I ordered off of there. 
Onto the FOOD! The PRETZEL monkeybread was probably our least remarkable dish. If you're a Philly pretzel purist, don't order this dish as the butter coating makes it reminiscent of an Auntie Anne's pretzel (which I actually don't mind). 
We moved on the TURDUCKEN sausage with cornbread. I honestly wasn't sure exactly what to expect, but what I received was a dish unlike any other sausage dish I have ever had. It was meaty, salty, sweet, and mixed many different textures. It was absolutely amazing! We then moved onto the HEN entree which was moist, flavorful, and perfect. We had no room for the famous cookie skillet, but it'll have to be sampled next time. 
I would return and eat the same 3 dishes and leave happy. Will be back soon!Great food! Great service! And great ambiance! We're visiting from NYC, sight seeing for the day. We ordered family style, a bunch of small dishes and the rib eye steak entree to share amongst 6 people.  The rice krispy ice cream was amazing and the skillet cookie was to die for . And they were so incredibly sweet they gave us donut ice cream on the house! Our server Ryan was awesome! Thank you Ryan!Writing this review after visiting twice since their opening..
On my first visit, my fiancé and I stopped in spur of the moment for dinner on a Friday night because it had just opened right around the corner from our apartment and we were excited to check it out.  The restaurant was really busy, but we put our name in and went elsewhere for a drink.. 30 minutes later we got a text that our table was ready- the hostess seated us right away. We shared the wedge salad, seafood sausage, mac and cheese, cauliflower steak, and cookie for dessert.  All were very good and nicely presented, however the cauliflower (which is listed as a starter) came out at the very end of our meal which was pretty odd.  We also each had whiskey cocktails which were just right. The cookie was definitely great for sharing and totally satisfying for a sweet tooth. Overall, we both really enjoyed this visit and everything looked and tasted great.  
For my second visit, my parents were coming to the city for dinner, so I suggested Butcher Bar and made a reservation to ensure we would not have to wait.  We were seated promptly and got to chatting, however after about 15 minutes (still with no water or drink order) by dad stopped and said to me "so, does anyone work here?"  We flagged the nearest server, she was super friendly and apologetic and took our drink order right away (even though she was not our 'assigned' server).  Apparently there was a miscommunication and our server did not know she had to pick up our table. When she finally did come over, she was very nice (as was the manager) and they even offered us our first drinks on the house.  However, my main complaint here has to do with the inconsistency in the food and service. It just wasn't as good as I had remembered from my first visit (which was only a little over a week prior). The pretzel monkey bread was tasty, but a very small portion for $8.  They no longer have fire roasted carrots on the menu (which was disappointing), instead they offer candied yams which are not a great replacement in my opinion.  We ordered the seafood sausage again, which came out smaller and cut into fewer pieces than I remembered, but still very good. And (again), the cauliflower came out after all of the other dishes. The presentation and taste left a lot to be desired (very little bit of brussel sprouts sprinkled on top, cauliflower too hard and difficult to cut, as opposed to the first time I visited which was delicious and why I ordered again).  The saving grace of this meal were the sour cream and onion chicken wings (so good!) and the greek meatballs.  
I was so impressed with both the food and the service the first time around, but this time I left feeling "meh" and I don't think I'll be rushing back. Seems like they need to work on getting both their kitchen and front of house staff more in sync.So glad we happened upon this place - it's awesome. We ordered a few random small plates and sides - all were excellent, especially the Italian meatballs. Next time hoping to try their larger dishes. Be sure to get a cocktail as well. One word of warning you might be able to discern from the name: probably not a great choice for hungry vegetarians.My boyfriend and I went last weekend and sat at the bar, no wait at all. It was cold and windy that day. Good thing we made a reservation for this Saturday because there was a huge line before our reservation. I got the meatball sandwich the first time and it was so great! I got the sausage sandwich the second time and it was too spicy for me. We split the mac and cheese is so good. Got the pouting too and that was amazing! Good to get with the Mac and add in some of the meat to the mac! My boyfriend got a chicken sandwich yesterday it looked really good, he got the burger the first time and he loved it. Our friend got the lamb meatball gyro and that was so good! I'll get that next time. I had the afterglow cocktail too and it was like a strong lemonade. So yummy! We finished with the cookie and man it was so good, warm, gooy, goodness! And the ice cream on the side is the real deal!Walk in, get smacked in the face with some of the best smells I've ever come across. A few meatballs, a slab of bacon or two, and maybe four or five cocktails later, I ordered myself the ribeye. Salty and perfectly cooked (Pittsburgh rare for me), paired with the little onions and some grilled corn, I could die.  This is one of the many, many reasons I love Philadelphia.Stopped here for a quick dinner. Started with the bone marrow- our first time trying it. I have to admit that the toasted herbed bread crumbs that topped the dish gave it a great flavor. Overall, I'm glad I tried something new. We then decided to try a few other small plates. The Korean bbq ribs were flavored well though a little fatty, but the coleslaw was nothing special. I can't help it- despite popular trends, I'm of that school that believes that chicken, in any form, shouldn't be pink, the boudin chicken sausage was flavorful but just a tad undercooked, the German potato salad that it was served with was underwhelming. We also had their version of a wedge. The presentation was lovely and the roasted peppers added a nice flavor. It may be worth another trip to try out some of the meats that they specialize in, but with so many choices in Philly, maybe not.WOW!!! Butcher Bar BLEW ME AWAY! I had the most wonderful experience here last month on a Friday night. I will definitely be back many times to come! If I could give it 10 stars I would. We were seated upstairs where it was quieter and more intimate. Nice decor and clean too.
First of all, our server Sarah was PHENOMENAL! She was extremely knowledgeable about the drinks, food, and everything else. She recommended a fabulous cocktail for me (the Afterglow) based on what drinks and alcohols I told her I liked.  I myself am a bartender and I have never had a better drink. Tart, but a little sweet, with a nice lemon flavor. She was very friendly and made us feel like close friends.
Our group of three ordered the Sour Cream and Onion chicken wings. They were crunchy, flavorful, and went fast! I ordered one of the delectable specials of the night: NY Strip steak with spinach, a mushroom reduction sauce, and mashed potatoes. Yum yum yum! It was full of flavor and very filling. My friends ordered the Italian meatballs and the Wild Smoked Boar ribs. Both were delicious according to my friends with hearty portions. I tried the cornbread that came with the ribs and my taste buds are still singing! 
For dessert we ordered their cast iron skillet chocolate chip cookie with ice cream. It was warm and tasted like grandma's house.
Overall, I had an incredible experience. The service, food, drinks, and atmosphere were all top notch. We made friends with our fellow diners and had a very warm experience unlike any I've had before. 
Do not miss this amazing new restaurant, Philadelphia! Butcher Bar, I will be back soon!I've been here around 3-4 times in the past 6 days (it's down the block from my place of work) so you could say I am completely obsessed with this place. Amazing whiskey selection, friendly staff, THE BEST BACON YOU'LL EVER EAT IN THE HISTORY OF THE HUMAN RACE, and #bomb Mac and Cheese. I have yet to order something that I wasn't completely satisfied with (though I highly doubt they could disappoint me here). It's safe to say I'm going to be a regular.Super yummy lunch on a Saturday - the food was like a warm hug on a rainy day! Extra bonus points for being so accommodating to our 1 year old daughter. Servers were friendly and attentive and the food was delicious! We had the steak, pasta and burger as well as the cauliflower and poutine appetizers. Do NOT skip the delicious chocolate chip cookie skillet! Good sized portions and very reasonably priced. Bar and cocktails looked great as well.My family and I were in Philly for the day, and we walked past this cute restaurant. It was a Saturday and most of the indoor tables were already reserved, but the hostess offered for us to sit on the patio. It was warm out but it had a roof that blocked the sun, and there were fans to cool us down a little bit. 
The waitress asked if it was our first time there and after we said it was, she patiently explained the menu. This place advertises itself as a place with comfort foods and for meat lovers. There were a lot of sharing options, so we ordered a lot to try a little bit of everything. 
My favorite were the smoked boar ribs because it was tender and the meat fell right off the bone. This paired so well with the corn bread on the plate, which was also tasty on its on. Because the meat fell right off the rib bones, it was a great dish to share.After a write up in local magazine I decided to try this place out.  
Tried the chicken wings, the octopus & bone in ribeye. 
The wings were tasty but the accompanying pickled celery was deliciously spicy. It was a nice surprise. I had read so much about the octopus- I decide to order it. While it was perfectly cooked, the olives that it came with completely overpowered the dish. There was no way to enjoy the dish which made me so sad. Since the olives  were so small you could really avoid them. 
My husband got the steak. Strangely it was cut from the bone out - so there were these long strips - not sure why you would do this so a good piece of meat. And the grilled vegetables were between the strips. We also ordered the mashed potatoes which came almost when we were done- and they were cold to boot. 
The space is a bit odd- we were sat upstairs and the low ceiling were a bit claustrophobic. Not sure what would happened when the place is packed. Glad we tried it, you should too.Customer service alone is 5 stars. I wanted to send a dessert for an anniversary party and general manager Robert made it possible. We went by email, he even printed my message to them and gave it with the dessert, and sent me back the formal receipt. He mentioned he had to "run downstairs to computer" which made me realize he was putting extra energy to help me make it possible. Nothing short of 5 stars! 10 if I could.Staff were great the spot was nice but i was completely dissapointed with the steak $125 tomahawk i was recently in del friscos and the steak was so tender this steak does not compare and it cost more maybe they have good burgers but i wouldnt order the steak hereIncredible atmosphere with even more impressive food. This is a meat lover's paradise.Exception quality of meat! Great service. Delicious drinks! The meatball was amazing. And the pasta.... my gawdddd! Def planning on going backTo start, the atmosphere here is awesome. It feels like you're in a butcher shop, but it's still in a way very classy. The music selection is cool and easy to eat or drink to. We loved the drink menu, lots of fun options but it wasn't overwhelming. I started with the bacon slab, which was phenomenal. Followed by the short ribs. The short ribs were overdone (which I somewhat understand, or reservation was for 10pm) but I got it with mash potatoes, they were incredible. When the server noticed I didn't eat the ribs he immediately sent the manager over, Rob, who went ABOVE AND BEYOND to make up for it. He took it off or check and comped our dessert. It was really nice to feel like they actually cared if we enjoyed our meal or not. My husband loved the burger and the Mac and cheese he got. The dessert, a cookie skillet with ice cream, was very yummy as well! Great night and a class restaurant. We'll absolutely be back.The food was fantastic and the waiter was super friendly!! only complaint is it's a little loud but still great!We came here on a visit from out of town because Philly has some amazing steakhouses​. The prices were very reasonable for the quality of food given the nearby competitors​. The 32 dollar strip was perfectly seasoned and served with a heaping portion of veggies, the Mexican​ meatballs were also delicious. The waitress we had was friendly enough, though seemed to be having a rough night and had a bit of an attitude at times making my review remain at 4 stars.Mediocre drinks, extremely long service time for food. Not worth the $$. Save your money and cook it yourself and or venture to other establishments right beside this place which have much better food, drinks and service.Went here for my birthday and set towards the back area. The drinks were delicious! The food was pretty good, but it was expensive. The table got steak, wings, burger, and pasta. The service every time I go is very good! The atmosphere is lively.Super great lunch spot.  Brussels & Cauliflower app is awesome.  Everyone should get the fried chicken sandwich!! I'll definitely be back to try some other menu items!My husband and I could not ask for a better experience.  We ate at Butcher Bar for the first time on Saturday night.  We were impressed by the warm welcome at the hostess stand.  Even though our table was not ready (we had 8 p.m. reservations -- a must!), we were pleased to wait and were sat promptly upstairs at a cozy table.  Our server Morgan was superb.  She could anticipate what we needed, like bringing my husband two small samples of wine to try when the glass he wanted was unavailable.  We shared the deliciously buttery monkey bread, Italian sausage, Greek meatballs, ribs and greens.  Everything -- especially the housemade sausage and meatballs -- was exceptional.  The sauce (pot liquor?) on our bok choy greens made me cry, it was so tasty.  I wish I could replicate those recipes!  All in an unpretentious, fun, hip atmosphere.  We will definitely be back -- maybe with a bunch of people so we can experience the hallowed "trough."  THANK YOU!This place was so amazing. I definitely recommend making reservations because it was packed but we were seated fast because we had reservations. Also hands down the most tender octopus I have ever had in my life!! It was amazing and I could eat it every day for the rest of my life and I would be happy!Since Butcher Bar opened last year, it's been added to my rotation of favorite restaurants in Philly. It's in a very convenient location (21st and chestnut) so it's not in the middle of all the craziness of center city but close enough to walk to from where I live in grad hospital. 
I've had their dinner menu items multiple times and just recent came for brunch for the first time. My favorite appetizer menu items - pretzel monkey bread which is crispy and salty on the outside and warm and soft on the inside and the cheese sauce is perfect, chicken liver mousse that has a sour cherry sauce (I don't know if this is on the summer menu), sour cream and onion wings (I think they changed these up for confit duck wings), and the Italian meatballs. 
Best entrees or larger plates - The Rigatoni is a must, all of the flavors are perfect which makes sense since this place has the same owner as Mercado, another one of my favorite restaurants in the city. But hands down best thing on the menu is the Royale with Cheese. Yes, this is a fancy fresh Big Mac and it's unbelievable. 
For brunch, I got the Royale (obviously), and my friends got the huckleberry pancakes which I thought were too thick and heavy and the coffee cake fresh toast which was really really tasty if you like a sweet breakfast. 
The only downfall is that there's no happy hour. Not that drinks or small plate are extraordinarily expensive, but everyone loves a HH menu.  UPDATE: They just started HH! Woo! Monday - Friday from 4-6pm. I will definitely check it out asap :)
Looking forward to trying out the Trough with a group of people as well!Wow! I absolutely loved my dinner here! They had so many options, even for vegetarians which is so nice considering the name is BUTCHER bar. I had the vegetarian meatballs called "the Hipster" and they were a full on meal for me. We had the cheese board, pretzel monkey bread, CRISPY CHICKEN CHICHARRON. We ended up not liking the chicharron but the waitress took it back and didn't even charge us for it. It was crispy chicken skin and I think it's an acquired taste. But they had amazing dessert - popcorn ice cream and their skillet cookies oh my!!!!! This is one of the better restaurants I've been to and would highly recommend you go here at least one, if not for dinner, then for happy hour.The food...absolutely amazing. We started with the slab of bacon and it was fantastic. My boyfriend and I each tried a sausage and meatball dish, and split the mac and cheese. I have to say - my one disappointment was the portion size, but I realize you are paying for quality and not quantity.
Definitely save room for the warm cookie and ice cream, it was awesome!A great place to bring of group of friends and pig out. My two buddies and I ordered a few rounds of small plates (the rotisserie chicken and mac & cheese, highly recommended) that, to be honest, weren't too small. We let the waitress pick our drinks all evening which was the best decision we could've made. She was super knowledgeable about the menu and was a blast to be around. I'm an out-of-towner, but I'd love to come back here and try out the rest of the menu.This place has some of the best cornbread I have tasted. This place is definitely worth the visit. Will be back again soon.How do I put drool in my review? This place was amazing. The service was great from both the bartender before dinner and our waitress Karen throughout. The food was incredible and we took our time and everything we ordered was spaced appropriately. We started with the duck wings which I thought were to die for- the sauce was incredible and the wings cooked just right, my boyfriend preferred the short ribs (also amazing).  We then tried the Italian meatballs which I thought were pretty basic but my boyfriend really enjoys.  In the spirit of ordering too much food we then tried the wild boar ribs which literally pulled right off the bone, and the Gouda Mac and cheese. Suffice it to say we took a lot home with us that night. Everything was amazing and reasonably prices, highly recommend! Can't wait to come back with more people and try the trough!I was expecting a typical BBQ restaurant...
To my surprise, the menu was unique and concise.  We were a party of two and had to make a reservation on a Sunday.  The place is small/medium with a bar and some stool seating on the ground level.  Upstairs for main dining could probably hold 20-25 people tops.  Not a fancy place but definitely not your neighborhood bar .
Service was ok, even though my wife reminded the host and server that it was a birthday dinner.  Just would have been nice to get some acknowledgement.  Other than that, nothing to complain about.
Food is pretty good.  As mentioned, it's a straight-to-point menu and everything we ordered was delicious.  Grilled octopus, lobster Mac 'n Cheese, Italian meatballs, sloppy Joe poutine and the chocolate chip dessert.  Hard to say which was my favorite, but the octopus and poutine were definitely flavor town.  Things were a bit on the salty side, but that's not a problem for me.
Cocktails were ok....nothing to brag about, but drinkable and kinda priced well.
All in all, a pretty nice and casual drink/dinner spot.Absolutely love this place! We showed up without a booking and were seated upstairs nearly straightaway. The burger, fries and mac and cheese were all delish. We wanted to try the desserts but were too full to contemplate it. Attentive (almost too attentive) service, but overall a great night out. Would return for sure.Great first experience. Jim was the bartender and was great, he made a great old fashioned. Got the strip steak and it was cooked a perfect medium rare. You should definitely try the duck wings and Mac and cheese, I loved them. Great spot for happy hour or dinner, I would recommend this place and can't wait to come backWe sat at the bar and had yummy drinks and ate the chocolate chip cookie skillet. Yum! Highly recommend!  The bar was a fun spot with a good hip vibe. The bartenders were attentive, skilled and fun to watch as they shook up drinks. The crowd was mixed with young and old, hipster and posh and a bit of a college crowd. A bachelorette party came in but didn't stay too long and were not too rowdy. Good hang.House made specialty cocktails and delicious meat. Known for their manhattans and old fashioneds, Butcher Bar also has an extensive list of beer and wine. Half the menu is tapas sized dishes, and half is entree style - so mix and match and enjoy. Don't sleep on the Wild Boar Ribs - they are delicious and fall off the bone. The pictures don't do it justice at all.  Outdoor, indoor, and bar seating is available. Must order ahead of time to reserve "The Trough" ($300 worth of pita, fries, sausage, chickens, ribs fit for a feast).Such a great concept with friendly service and a hip vibe. Loved the pate and the burger was extraordinary.  Looking forward to going back soon.Bacon and pretzel monkey bread as appetizers are evil and amazing!This is a great spot. They have an excellent bison burger. If you want, you can also just get appetizers to share. Their pretzel monkey bread and their duck wings are delicious. Even their desserts are good. While the menu isn't the most extensive, what they do, they do very well. Great atmosphere and music as well. Prices are a bit steep, but worth it for a treat every once in a while.We were so pleasantly surprised with this place after we stumbled in on a rainy Saturday night. The place seemed really busy but there's a lot of space and the space is optimized to seat many people without feeling uncomfortable or overly crowded. The service was great and the cocktails were delicious. The menu seems best suited for drinking, sharing and nibbling on food for a prolonged period of time. All the elements on the butcher board tasted great. The Korean shortribs were tasty, as was the slaw that came with it. The cookie that came in the pan was just ok. Wish we lived in Philly so we could try more.Came here to kill time with friends.  Old fashioned was well made.  The bar tender was fun without being intrusive into our little group at the bar.  
Bone marrow was 3/5 ... not as flavorful as I know bone marrow could be which was a little disappointing given the name of the place.  
Poutine 2/5 ... it was NOT poutine!  More like chilli cheese fries.  Once I pretended they were chilli cheese fries they tasted better and I'd give them a 3/5.  Could have been more spicy and less sweet.This place came very highly recommended by a friend. If you're a carnivore, then it's a must visit.  My friend and I have ordered  a black truffle boudin blanc sausage , which was absolutely exquisite. However, mac'n'cheese was a huge disappointment. We got pasta floating in an oily puddle. Makes me think that the chef had overdosed on the cream. It lacked a melange of cheeses and spices. Also, ordered a grilled octopus confit. It was not even close to the real grilled octopus you might get at a Greek restaurant. It felt like octopus came from a can. I was somewhat disappointed by drinks. I've asked for a filthy dirty vodka martini and got straight vodka. My freind had to send back her wine twice. The first time it was not tasty, which happens. However, the second wine was corked. When it was mentioned to the waitress she told us that it's impossible because it came from tap. As if you cannot pour corked wine into the receptacle. 
One more thing, service was OK and the waitress did warn us that she had a shoulder injury , which salvaged the customer service experience. So, I have no qualms about the quality of service, staff is very friendly and helpful. 
Overall, if you're coming here, stick to meats and beer.I went here a few weeks after they opened so maybe they've upped their game, but I was left pretty cold. The veggie meatballs were good but the portion was minuscule. The place was filling up as I got my food and I got the cold shoulder from the bartender when it became clear I wasn't going to order another drink.I've been here four or five times in the past couple weeks, so I thought I had already written a review, but alas I hadn't yet. As one might deduce from how often I'm here, the food is all really good and the service is quick. 
Butcher Bar lives up to its name, and all the sausages and meatballs are inventive takes on classic favorites. The Grinder sausage is probably my favorite -- it reminds you of a hot dog, except all the ingredients have gotten a major upgrade. 
Besides the meat, all of the veggies and side dishes are also really well thought out and delicious. I love the yams - they're so soft and caramelized. The eggplant meatballs remind me of eggplant parm. And you'll never go wrong starting off your meal with some pretzel monkey bread or poutine. 
Just make sure you save room for dessert!! The skillet cookie will tempt you as soon as you walk in the restaurant, but my personal favorite is the blueberry cheesecake. 
Oh, and the austin eastciders are my go-to drink here! The dry cider is crisp and not cloyingly sweet. My sister swears by the pineapple cider which is a little sweeter.I had a birthday dinner here over the weekend, and the service, food, and drinks were all first-rate.  Also, the prices were very reasonable.  I had a very large group, which the restaurant accommodated  despite the fact that we added a seat last minute.This place is simply amazing. During the summer I was always drawn to this place because of the top part that is open and so bubbly. I finally decided to try this place, and it is amazing!!! The meatballs are to die for. One of the best places to eat in philly!Wow!  We enjoyed Butcher Bar far more than we expected to.  I'm thrilled to live so close to yet another delicious neighborhood spot!  The atmosphere is themed, the place is small and quite loud!  Everything we ordered, including delicious cocktails was super tasty, flavorful and impressive.  Our server was very knowledgeable from cocktails to entrees, she knew what she was talking about and steered us in the right direction.  Don't be dissuaded by the $27 charcuterie plate - the meats and condiments are made in house and are delicious (the gin and juice salami and the house made pecan mostardo were definite stand outs).  It was a filling appetizer.  My steak and fries was wonderfully seasoned and perfectly done, which a very tasty chimichurri sauce.  My husbands lamb shank special was as delicious and tender as the server promised.  And, as many others have suggested, the warm nutella filled chocolate chip skillet with madagascar vanilla ice cream was every bit as amazing as it sounds! Looking forward to returning to try more of the selections!I came here for Happy Hour with my coworkers on a Tuesday around 5:30. We were a group of about 10 and we were able to squeeze into this little side area of the bar. It was pretty quiet at that time so the bartender was immediately able to take our orders. They had an extensive beer craft list which I thoroughly appreciated. I ordered the Mac & Cheese which was in a mini cast iron (so cute) and it was delish. We also ordered the Brussel sprouts and cauliflower which was amazing. As the evening progressed the bar/restaurant definitely became busier and louder. My only gripe with this place is that HH is only 4:30-6, wtf! Other than that it's a low key place to grab some drinks and small bites after work.Lovely service and generally enjoyed the look of the space, though we were seated near the front windows on the second floor and there was quite a draft/loss of energy there.
Good drink selections. The french onion soup on special was nicely rich and cheesy. My fellow diners enjoyed their Grilled Spanish Rock Octopus and Smoked Wild Boar Ribs (the cheesy cornbread was, in fact, awesome); however, I was disappointed by my Royale with Cheese (two beef patties, american cheese, lettuce, pickles, onions, special sauce, butter toasted potato roll). Unfortunately, the burger was so sauced (and greasy?) that the potato roll was soggy by the time it hit the table and disintegrated when I lifted it and the flavor itself was less developed than those at, say, Rex, Village Whiskey, Good Dog, The Cambridge. The fries were a bit limp, though nice and hot...their accompanying sauce was strange--was it mango? Next time I'll go with my instinct and try the jalapeño cornbread and mac'n'cheese (and possibly the Trough, which was served to a nearby table and looked awesome)! We split the skillet chocolate chip cookie (filled with nutella and served with vanilla ice cream), which was a nice ending to the meal.Wow!! Found this place through yelp and quite glad I did. Had the bone marrow and bison burger and it was excellent...and the chipotle house ketchup...the bomb...definitely worth it.Great food and full of energy! I love places that have an amazing buzz to them! We started with our really awesome waitress Ali - she was great. Then roasted cauliflower & brussel sprouts (must get). I got the Royale (aka yummy burger ) my wife got the wedge salad. We split some Mac & cheese (excellent choice) and shared a Nutella stuffed cookie to finish! I would definitely recommend to a friend. This was our first experience eating in Philly and it didn't disappoint.My girlfriend and I's go to place. Great food, great drinks, great service.  There's a reason we're regulars!  Highly recommend!The food here is so delicious. The octopus was really soft and the boar ribs were cooked to perfection. My favorite part, however, was the dessert! The nutella stuffed chocolate chip cookie is a must -- soft and melts right in your mouth. Comes with a scoop of vanilla ice cream on top and more chocolate chips.
Taking off one star only because of the host/hostess service. First time I called to make a reservation I left a voicemail but never got a call back. Went in person to make a reservation, but the hostess did not help me. The manager did (who was really nice and helpful in comparison!) but the hostess was shaking her head in the back the whole time. The second time I called to make a reservation the host told me there were no spaces left and that I was better off not coming because the kitchen was closing in an hour. Came anyways-- the restaurant was nearly empty and the waitress said we had nothing to worry about re: the kitchen closing.I dined here for a celebratory dinner with a few friends and I have to say I was very impressed with the knowledge of our server. We had one diner with a severe food allergy and our server went through the menu with him to show him exactly which items he could order! 
We started the night with a round of drinks at the bar and then upstairs for dinner. This was my first time here and I thought the design and layout was very nice (great atmosphere.) Because this is a "shared plate" style menu we did order a few apps which all.were very good - but not filling. My entree was a smaller size portion for the price but I guess that is so two or multiple people can utilize the tapas style menu and order multiple items. I ordered the steak and fries and my steak did arrive exactly how I asked it to be cooked so I was very happy with that! 
All in all I believe that the prices are a little high for the shares are experience. Because the portions are smaller I felt like even though we ordered many dishes we all were not fully satisfied. We did splurge on our drinks - so maybe we filled up on all of that! 
I would come back here but probably only for drinks at the bar and a bite to eat.Definitely a place to change up your regular "steak and salad" orders. Every order was unique and filled with a lot of flavors. The servers are very personable. The Greek meatball, Brussel sprouts and the butcher board are a sure winGreat place. Loved the drinks and the food was even better. Highly recommend going here. The next time we go we'll go with our friends and get the Trough.Been here twice and it sucked both times. I don't know why this place is rated so high. First time we went, we had a below average cheeseburgers. Second time we went, we ordered the trough. The trough dish also sucked. Everyone from the party agreed the meat was over seasoned with salt. Trough dish was not worth the price. It was presentable but it didn't taste good. Hope you'll have a better experience than we did.I am usually a big fan of the Philly food scene.  I love how many creative restaurants exist so close together with such wonderful accessibility.  It spoils me when im visiting friends in New York or LA and I can honestly say I enjoy better food from restaurants that I can actually book within a couple weeks.  It's great here in Philly.  This place, however, is not one of my favorites.  Our two starters ended up being only one after it was forgotten in the bustle of the filled restaurant.  The main ended up being a chewy boring take on ribs, which we were given only butter knives to cut.  This along with noodles covered in cheese was enough for us to ask for the check and leave.  Oddly enough we got the check immediately, wish I could say the same for the service leading up to that point.  I suppose people have their priorities.  We are currently at shake shack getting a burger.  Wonderful Valentine's day...i wish i could eat here everyday ! i have been here three times now and have enjoyed all of the food pit in front of me ! the meatballs, roasted chicken and beef jerky ruled. the yams were delicious but very dessert like. staff is awesome and know their stuff. cocktails were strong and flavorful.I'm so happy I own the clothing store next door where The Butcher Bar came to my block! I've eaten here twice in one week and not because it's convenient. I've tried almost everything on the menu and can't say one bad thing. The service is what makes this place also!We came as a family of 3 (our daughter is about 2.5 y/o) during our weekend getaway. We saw that it said it's not really an ideal place for children but we figured it was still worth a shot just based on the photos and reviews. It exceeded our expectations! The staff was very friendly and accommodating (high chair, getting our daughter's food out first, etc.). Sarah, our server, was PHENOMENAL! The food was delicious! We had a great experience and will be coming back again the next time we visit Philly.Amazing burger and Sausage sandwich!  Good atmosphere and beer list.  Manager was helpful and friendly we got there after it closed from 3-4pm but they let us eat anyways, will go again!I was really looking forward to coming here, but the food turned out to be very meh and overpriced. 
For a place that specializes in meats, I had a lot of trouble processing how their burgers could be so mediocre. 
Their Royale burger ($14) was just all right and is a bit pricy for a burger that comes with American cheese and does not come with any fries. Their Grilled Bison burger did come with some soggy fries, but it was also $23. I ordered it medium and they overcooked it, so it was gray and tough. The toppings (boursin cheese, cabernet & balsamic glazed red onions) looked good on the menu, but did not really add any flavor in real life. 
Their appetizers were also overpriced and underwhelming. We got the Stuffed Portobello Mushroom Caps ($10) and Grilled Peach and Baby Spinach Salad ($12). The salad tasted fine, but only had a few slices of peach and was arranged flat on an oblong plate as if to make it look bigger, while the mushroom cap was on the smaller side and was topped with what seemed like a small amount of overcooked spinach with a little bit of cheese. There was nothing to justify paying $10 or more on each of these items. 
Maybe we picked all the wrong menu items and their other items are better? Unfortunately, I'm not sure I'll be back to find out after spending almost $100 on a mediocre meal for two.I mean, meatballs and sausages and mac and cheese, oh my!  I had the Italian meatballs which were spicy and savory, poutine, American meatballs drizzled and mushroom gravy, jalapeño cornbread with honey, mac and cheese cooked with sweet potato crust, candied yams, and Nutella chocolate chip cookie warm with vanilla Icecream on top...I'm full, satisfied, and all of that plus two signature cocktails for around $105.  Not bad!  The plates are small and good to share.
Favorite was the corn bread, mac and cheese and cookie.  The cocktail I had was gin based and mixed to perfection.  Cute place, tons of seating, outdoor seating, second floor.  Great with friends or date.
This place should be in New York.Fun atmosphere and cool staff! Really good selection of bourbons, ryes, and whiskeys. We ordered old fashioneds and manhattans. Unfortunately, they were watery -- especially the manhattan -- and that's why I can only give it four stars. Roasted brussel sprouts and cauliflower were tasty, as was the bacon. Pretzel monkey bread seemed to be enjoyed by the table. We ordered the royale with cheese, the bison burger, and seared scallops. Everyone seemed to enjoy their entrees.This was my first time visiting Butcher Bar and it will not be my last. 
I made birthday reservations for 7pm and we were seated as soon as we arrived. Our waiter listed and explained the menu as well as the specials and she was a real delight. Her passion for the food came across well. 
We placed our drink order and got them within a few moments. They were okay, but not my personal favorite. I'd pick something different next time. 
I order the rack of lamb with the seasonal veggies and my guy got the 28 day dry aged steak. Both were spectacular. Well cooked, well seasoned and the quality of the meat was superb. We almost came back the day after just for the steak lol. They also have a $145 Tomahawk steak that we will be back for!
 This place is great. I would recommend it to anyone craving good food(meat in particular), a trendy(but not too trendy) environment and an overall great meal. 
I honestly can't wait to go back!!Went here with a friend from out of town. We arrived a little before 6 and was able to get a table right away. We started with the Butcher Board that had 3 cheeses, 3 meats, various fruits, and a tasty fig jam. It was a nice selection and the bread they served was thin and not hearty so you didn't fill up to quickly. The waitress was right on top of bringing more when we were running low. Next we had the Yards IPA Spicy Italian sausage which was good. It came over a bed of grilled onions and red peppers. It was cooked nicely with a crisp skin. Then we ended with the Grilled Korean Shortribs. This was a let down for me. The ribs were really fatty and grilled to almost being burnt. Also I almost choked on a piece of bone I didn't even notice. The sriracha slaw wasn't flavorful at all. Wouldn't recommend ordering these. The place is kind of small. However in the spring/summer they have a back patio that is nice. By the time we left at 7 the place was packed.The Brussel sprouts are to die for!!! It was the first time I've ever tried Brussel sprouts and this place got me addicted. 
I had the big charcuterie board as the appetizers and the boards vary everyday and it was fantastic.  I also had the Greek meatballs which were so delicious! It was a little dry but the tzatziki sauce made up for it. 
My next visit, I had the Trough with a big group of 10 and it was kind of a letdown. It was more of an experience. I had my friends fast so we could demolish the huge platter of meats since our reservations were at 4pm. The chicken was dry. The Korean ribs had a spicy sauce and it was good. The sausage tasted a little weird and unexpected. The brisket was dry and chewy and not very good. The ribs were so tender and falling off the bone. The burgers were the star of this platter! It was so freakin good! It reminded me of a Big Mac. The pita bread was toasted and delicious and so were the fries. 
I had the same server for both visits but I forget her name :( She was a rockstar! Her suggestions were great and she was hilarious but it was her last shift that night. 
Overall, I wouldn't try the Trough again but would definitely come back for the other items on the menu!What a great experience! Called ahead so the wait wasn't too long. Got seated in the back near the outdoor back area which looks like it would be a great time. Tried the local gin - was not disappointed. They have maybe the best cornbread I have ever tasted, so if you find yourself here, it is a must try. The waiter was on point with food and drinks, never having us wait too long. The ribs I got were amazing, just fell off the bone. My cousin got the burger and couldn't stop saying how good it was. 
The ambiance and feel of this place was perfect for me. Laid back but still dressy-casual. You could tell this was a hot spot for the locals, whether for dinner or just to grab drinks at the bar. I look forward to my next trip into town so I can try other options on the menu.Ambiance of the place was nice.  Lovely environment and busy.  
Drinks - cocktails were good.  Got an old fashioned which was one of the better ones I've had in philly.
Food - meatballs were all good.  The ribeye however tasted like an average ribeye.  Kind of tough for a ribeye, didn't feel like a prime cutI really enjoyed Butcher Bar. Casual and relaxed atmosphere. Food was very good, service was friendly and informed, I only wish we'd had more people with us so we could have tried The Trough! Loved the Italian Meatballs and the Korean Ribs. German Chocolate cake was yummy!This is a must try place, food was amazing and service was great. The butchers board had so many great items and deserts were great. Can't go wrong here.Great atmosphere, fun and vibrant. The food was above a three star rating.  Wanted to LOVE this place - but I can't say we will be making a return visit. As other people have mentioned, this is supposed to be a MEAT place - yet there is no steak on the menu (assume this is intentional)? We ordered the meat plate - and when it came the waitress was unable to tell us what was on it. Which brings me to the wait staff - while very friendly, they are certainly not exceptional in their knowledge of food - or even their own restaurant menu in general.  The kitchen is open yet DIRTY! I get that it's a busy place, but if you are going to intentionally let people see behind the scenes there should be a plan to keep it clean (right?)The best part of my meal was the dessert. Chocolate chip stuffed with Nutella and topped with vanilla ice cream. Need I say more?
Unfortunately, word to the wise, order beer!  Every single cocktail at our table was watered down. The wine was crap and it was completely a bad start to the night. 
The ambiance was nice and the staff was friendly. 
The food was ok. I had Brussels sprouts and they were amazing. My friend had the bison burger and she liked it. The rest of it was pretty disappointing. My boyfriend was celebrating and ordered the steak and wished he hadn't. 
My friends want to go back to try the trough so maybe we will go back. I however will stick to brussel sprouts and beer!Butcher Bar is great for sharing. We got the pretzel monkey bread and Mac and cheese and both were delicious. A little loud, but great service and environment.We were looking for a restaurant with this concept.... kind of whiskey and meat and we found this place.  We love it.  Great food and drinks.  Last time i had the burger.. excellent!!One of my favorite places for Sunday brunch in center city. Dope decor and always clean. The bar has a great selection. We usually order the cowboy skillet and the pancakes and just split both. The food is amazing and a hearty portion. If you haven't been I highly recommend!The Mac n cheese was so good. As a pescatarian my options were limited. But my sister had the chicken sandwich and couldn't stop talking about how good it was. The atmosphere was very butchery lol if that's a word. So if you have a problem with that it's not the place for you.I wanted to love this place, we had a great experience the first time we went here.
Returned after several months and ordered the bison burger ordered medium rare which came back medium well and was very mealy.
My husband ordered the aged steak and ordered it rare which came out medium rare.
I feel like if you want to charge $23 for a burger and $45 for a steak, the temperature needs to be spot on.  Because of that I most likely will never return. The manager did apologize and comped the meal with additional free desserts but the price alone for what was given has me turning away to someplace cheaper with better quality food.Stopped in for a quick drink,  which was fantastic (perfect rye Manhattan,  it was perfect).  I finally popped back to dine and I was quite impressed.  Nice selection,  very easy to share.  My favorite was the roasted cauliflower and brussel app.  Sometimes it can be that easy to make an experience!!I give Butcher Bar a solid five stars. I am actually trying to think of a reason to give less than five - I really like to reserve this rating for only the Creme de la creme - and I can't come up with anything. 
Came for lunch on a Tuesday during the Christmas holiday week with girlfriends. I had a reservation but it really wasn't needed - there were plenty of open tables, but it was by no means dead either. Our waiter was superb - attentive, entertaining, and very willing to do whatever was needed to make our experience a positive one. (Thank you for splitting the check four ways at the end, kind sir)
I ordered the butcher's knife as my poison of choice and it was delicious: whiskey + vanilla + cherry = perfection. The rest of the table opted for either the afterglow (very citrus-y) or the el presidente (sweet and mild). 
We shared the sloppy Joe poutine, roasted cauliflower & Brussels sprouts and sweet potato fries. The winner of the trio was definitely the cauliflower and Brussels sprouts - I don't know what witchcraft they do to them, but they were probably the best I've had...ever. Order them. 
For my main I ordered the lamb meatball gyro, it was also absolutely delicious. The pita was fluffy, the lamb portion was generous, and the tzatziki was just right. My only caveat was that it was messy to eat and I ended up using my knife and fork. I would order it again, but there were so many other fun offerings on the menu that I still want to try...guess I just need to go back soon!Found on yelp and can't say how impressed I was with staff, beer choices and food. Had the wedge, house made blue cheese, bacon (not bacon bits), egg and tomato. Awesome. Then the IPA sausage. Amazing. Knew walking up to this place it was a winner. Wood smoke smell could be detected 2 blocks away in downtown philly!!I was in Philly with a couple of my friends and we were looking for a place to grab dinner and have some beers. Butcher has a bar in the front, and in the back. There seemed to be something upstairs as well, But we never ventured that far. The menu was small, but consisted of high quality food. The food was delicious, and a tad more expensive when compared to the conventional bar. The bison burger and the monkey bread were both delicious! All IPA's on tap and they serve their own lunch! Stop by!Excellent cocktails, and a traditional punch with a contemporary flavor twist. The beer list is a rotating selection of craft and microbrews and includes two hand pull taps. One of the few places with wine on tap, and I like that too. The menu is creative but obviously meat centric, vegetarian is definitely not part of the language here. 
The staff was courteous and attentive, willing to give recommendations and very observant. Refills come quickly, and while service may not coke with a phony smiley, it comes with knowledge and professionalism.Definitely try the sour cream & onion wings, something unique and insanely delicious. Jalepeño corn bread drizzled with honey, and the grilled octopus were equally memorable! Love the decor and vibe this place has, like an old school meat market with hooks hanging from the ceiling and water served in vintage milk bottles. Check it out!On my recent visit to Philadelphia I came here with a very special friend for brunch and I must say it was a good decision. I believe she loved it, so did I. I started of and ended with a couple of their butchers punch that thing was delicious. I had the meatball sub sandwich it was really good and she had the French toast, I tasted it and it was light and delicious. Overall solid spot and will check it out again when in town without hesitation.My friends and I were just here on 6/29/18 celebrating a birthday. This was my second time here and the food is always amazing. I gave this place 2 stars due to service.  My concern was with the waiter, Clay.  We were required to put down a 50% deposit for our meal, he forgot to take out the deposit from our final bill at the end of the night. Instead of pulling me aside privately to discuss this, he decided to discuss it in front of the person we were celebrating (he knew it was someone's birthday, I made that clear at the beginning of the dinner). When I told him how upset I was that he was discussing this with me in front of the celebrated person, he rolled his eyes at me and said "Umm...ok." It was clear that all he cared about was getting his included tip and wanted to close out our dinner. He was doing a great job at being our waiter up until that point. I also understand how difficult it is for servers to split up a bill but due to his mistake, forgetting our deposit and discussing it in front of the whole party, I now have to go through everyone's credits card slips and see who paid too much and who didn't pay enough. This entire situation could have been handled differently and I'm extremely upset at how it all transpired. I would have not left him a tip at all due to his lack of etiquette. I expected better service, especially since we paid so much to be there. Again, the food was wonderful but the service was lacking.Went for lunch at opening time and was pleased with great service and even better food. Had the fried chicken sandwich and the beet side dish. Both were very fresh and well-prepared. Also had the Brussels sprout appetizer and that was also great. My friend's BLT was well above what one would expect for such a simple sandwich. Highly recommend and look forward to returning.Overly prices drinks and food. Nothing to write about either since they were just so-so. Food is definitely priced high compared to.other neighborhood is places. It's a little.hype, so maybe give it a try once and that's about it, don't  think will go back againHad a group of 10 for brunch and got the BRUNCH TROUGH!!! My god everything was delicious and our waitress was amazing and very attentive. 
Definitely want to come back for dinner.Wow I must have shown up on a bad night. This isn't a "revenge review" we were treated fine. But the dishes we had were terrible. The skate was seriously unfresh with powerful ammonia smell and taste. The octopus was acceptable but stingy in the extreme. The hamburger was pathetic by any measure, small, miserable and grissly.We gave Butcher Bar a try on a Tuesday night. We had a reservation and were seated immediately.
This is what we ordered:
Chicken Liver Mousse
Shockingly bad. The mousse was liquid and topped with hard chocolate that added nothing to the dish. 
Greek Meatballs
Moist lamb meatballs with a light yogurt sauce and fresh veggies. It was good but I found myself yearning for a more decadent sauce to counter the lamb.
Chicharrones
Deep fried chicken skin with a bright aioli. My friend liked it but I personally couldn't get down with paying so much for fried chicken scraps and mayo.
Brussel Sprouts and Cauliflower
Crispy, crunchy delicious vegetables! Loved the thick balsamic sauce. No complaints. I could eat plates of this by myself.
I'd be willing to try Butcher Bar again but won't be making any plans soon. The chicken liver mousse was too much of a letdown. It's still worth trying if you're a meat lover!We had been craving burgers for WEEKS and decided to try the Royale with Cheese at BB. Upon arriving (on a rainy Thursday evening) we were unimpressed... there was a very douchey group clogging the bar/entranceway and we almost turned around and went to Whiskey Village. (Clientele is not the restaurant's problem, though.) We asked to be seated at a table (to be far from the noisy, annoying group at the bar) and were pleasantly surprised to be led to a back covered patio area. 
Now, we knew what we wanted, but we did take a quick look at the menu, and there are quite a few dishes that look good. But we stuck to the plan - two Royales w/Cheese & shared fries. The burgers were... fine. We talked about them afterward quite a bit to figure out why we weren't more impressed. The problem is that the Royale is just a good version of a quarter pounder from McDonald's. It wasn't elevated in any way. And for $14 (?), I expect more. 
Definitely meh.I went for brunch and was pretty disappointed in the taste and quality of the food. I ordered the pancakes and was super disappointed that they came drenched in fake syrup. I sat at the bar and the bartender ignored me most of the time. Maybe it would be better if I had a sit down dinner here.Solid place for a big meal, especially if you enjoy meat! Fun atmosphere and good service for such a busy place. Enjoyed the cheese plate, roasted cauliflower + brussel sprouts, fontina stuffed pork + veal + beef meatballs + pork gravy, eggplant + burrata meatballs, house made beef jerky and spicy Italian sausage,  mac & cheese, jalapeño cornbread, skillet chocolate chip + nutella cookiecame here after a local recommended the place & was not disappointed! everything on the menu looked amazing but we couldn't order them all)-: 
we started with the brussels sprouts & cauliflower, sloppy joe poutine and bone marrow: all of them came in satisfying portions. would've liked the cauliflower to be slightly more cooked but overall a great dish (the sauce was rly good); the fries were crispy; the bone marrow was very delectable. we also got an order of smoked ribs to share- the meat was rly tender, it came right off the bone; it was also a rly big serving (3 pieces of ribs). it didn't have an overwhelmingly strong smokey taste to it, and i rly enjoyed that.
tried the royale burger bc it was ranked "best burger in philly." for someone that's not a huge burger fan, i actually quite liked it. there's 2 pieces of beef patty so it's a pretty hefty meal if ure planning to order appetizers plus this entree.
the waiter was rly helpful and friendly, loved the decor of the restaurant. would definitely come back when in philly & would recommend to all meat-loving locals & tourists!!Came here on a whim by myself after staying in Philly for the night. By 5:30 on a weeknight the small bar was already full. Although a bit slow, the wait staff was really friendly and helpful. The menu options would have been better if I came with a group and split the small dishes. I ordered the Gouda mac n cheese, which was a little on the runny side but still had great flavor. I also got the IPA spicy Italian housemade sausage which was really delicious. Flavor and seasonings all checked out great. Atmosphere is also really cute.Outstanding service.
Food was rich and satisfying, hard not to want to order everything on the menu! 
It's all of the upgraded comfort foods that I'll never have the energy to try to make at home in an open and inviting atmosphere. Perfect brunch spot for any sized group!Loved it. Very unique offering. We had the monkey bread app (very good). Meatballs, Mac n cheese and corn bread (great). All very good. The Nutella stuffed choc chip mmmm. Beer excellent.I met up with a friend for a casual dinner after work at Butcher Bar since neither of us had tried it before. I am already looking to make another reservation ASAP because I loved it so much! The atmosphere on the outside back patio for a weekday was amazing and loved the decor. Our waiter Ry was so friendly and provided recommendations for drinks and food without us having to even ask. The pretzel bread appetizer is an absolute must as are the meatballs. Highly recommend for a date night!We  both had the wedge salad- which is a meal in itself - and hubby and I split the BLT which is served with fries and a sweet/spicy chili sauce.  Both were delish!  The heirloom tomato on the BLT was just TOO GOOD!  The wedge salad was FABULOUS!  I have to admit to being a wedgie - pun intended- - this was well executed!   A+ rating from us!!!How can you go wrong with so much meat? I can tell you from experience that every single appetizer is amazing. I was with a group of coworkers and we decided to just share a bunch of food and forgo entrees, and I'm so glad we did (though I kind of wish we tried those, too ). My favorite was probably their duck confit wings. Super crispy crunchy on the outside and extremely tender on the inside. The flavors were so delicious, we all fought over who got the last one. Besides that, I'd say their homemade beef jerky, the mac and cheese and the spareribs were my next favs. Honestly, I don't think you can go wrong... it just depends what you're in the mood for! Our server, Justin, also took our dining experience up a notch. He was personable, knowledgeable and went out of his was to accommodate us. The atmosphere is cozy, smells amaziiiiiing, and is perfect for smaller groups (though they have this thing called "the trough" that I wish we tried but I'm pretty sure you'd need 12 people to eat it). Definitely eat here, without a doubt.Sat at the bar and had lunch.  The wedge salad for me, meatball sandwich for my husband and we split the sweet potato fries - all were great.  The bartender was spot on with beer recommendations too.  Would definitely come back!Really more like 3.5 stars. Mac and cheese was divine! Italian meatballs were just ok. Service was average, prices were on the high side. I don't mind paying a lot for food, but I really wasn't blown away. The decor is probably my favorite thing about this place. Would go back but would not be the one to suggest it.Meatballs are amazing! Drink menu is just okay, they can do better. Ambiance is deafening loud, even with attempts to add sound insulation. Sausages are just okay, steaks are of good quality and good to perfection. Octopus cooked perfectly. The pretzel appetizer isn't an actual pretzel it's very yeasty, the cheese sauce is an under cooked rue....staff is friendly and service is spot on.It takes a lot for me to write a bad review but here it goes, the food was good not amazing not awful just good. The  first problem was on a Saturday night they were out 2 beers that were on the menu , but okay that happens . We ordered sausage to start and then our meals the ribs and a burger, we were waiting a while but it was busy so kept waiting we ended up getting our meals before the appetizer , when we mentioned it to the server all he said was ya it's really busy they are slammed back there , our meals were completely finished before the sausage came out. A manager never came over to apologize or talk with us. Then the worst part of this all is I ordered a Tito's and club with lime as my second drink after trying just an ok cocktail. It didn't have any vodka in it , at first I thought I was crazy but told my husband to try it because he doesn't drink liquor so he would be able to tell and he said the same thing straight club. I did mention it to the sever and he took the drink and removed it from bill. We wouldn't come here again .Grabbed an early dinner here after reading all the rave reviews. I guess the one thing I missed in those reviews was how LOUD it is. It's loud talk, low yell kind of loud, at least in the upper area where we were. Seriously... My wife and I joked that this is a good place for married couples but not for a date because there is no chance of having any kind of conversation across the table. And that is despite being almost elbow to elbow with the next table.
Food was very good and the service was attentive and friendly.
This seems like a good gathering spot for a small group of good friends who want to laugh and enjoy dinner and aren't concerned with yelling across a table, but I wouldn't bring a client or a (first) date here.A must go to place for some great carnivore loving food mixed with a good selection of bourbon. The boar ribs are fantastic and the bone marrow appetizer knocked it outside of the park. And a big plus is the parking lot right next to the restaurant.Totally dug this place! The wife and I ventured in here last Friday, place was packed, bc we wanted to get some pickles and drink.  Instead, we ended up mostly eating dinner while having a few drinks.  Everything we ordered was really good, with special considerations for the yams and obviously that choc chip cookie in the skillet.  Service was awesome as well and the joint just had a good, fun vibe going.  Def will be back.great place! love the drinks! if you come with 6 or more, try the trough. they'll need 24hrs notice if your party is going to do this.MEAT! This place is amazing! Environment, service, drinks and food! All amazing! Went there after such a long time and it was awesome. The food was phenomenal. We got the slab of bacon, duck confit wings, Italian meatballs and boar ribs. When I say this was fall of the bone good, it was literally falling off the bone. The bourbon selection was awesome and was very fitting for all the food. I would definitely recommend getting reservations because that place can get busy but they are very accommodating and the service is ridiculously quick! Five Stars all around!If you are in the mood for lots meat, this is the spot... great selection and good service....Love this place. My husband and I spent a Friday afternoon at the bar downstairs. He's a big beer guy and loved the draft list. The bartender was extremely helpful and knowledgeable. We ate a loaded hot dog with all kinds of meats and pickled onions...it was fantastic! We'll be back to try the burger which we heard was fantastic. Great place to spend the afternoon.The food is delicious (we ordered the fried free range chicken sandwich) and our server, Ali, was great and very attentive! Would definitely recommend if you're in the areaI think this place may be one of my favorites in Phili. The food is phenomenal. We split an order of their sloppy joe poutin (yes you read that right) and it was so good I wanted another order. I had their burger with a side of mac and cheese. The burger was super juicy and flavorful. I love the idea of "special sauce" so its not like a regular burger with mayo on it. The smoked gouda mac and cheese was perfect. Our waitress was fast, friendly, and offered great suggestions. My fiance had their maple wild boar ribs that comes with corn bread. The meat was falling off the bone! I will def. Be backI have created a new menu item. The sweet potato poutine whatever...after drinking copious amounts of alcohol in a 17 minute period to go to our next destination I must say that the stafff was super friendly as well as helpful. The kitchen created what I wanted and voila stuffed my fat face. Come here if you want good service and good food.Ridiculous- so so so AMAZING .... excellent food all cooked to perfection& great service
The smoke from the wood grill imparts a subtle but Rusich flavor to otherwise straightforward meats.
Tip: start with pretzel & cheese sauce (order extra cheese)Had a great time, great service, and a great meal; what more could you ask.
Lively bar setting, front window and back window were open floor to ceiling, great outside space out back w heaters (I was sorry we weren't out there), but the dining room has a great feel and is decorated w an homage to a butcher shop but in a very cool way. Small plates, tasty comfort food, and full plates are on the menu. The cherry cheesecake was to die for. Loved it.Every single thing on the menu here is good! A little tricky to get a reservation since it's still new and exciting, but a very good choice for a very good meal.
The decor was very current and it would be a great place to go on a date or have a small group. A little pricey, but worth it.Went here for brunch. Everything was delicious. It took a while for our waiter to come over (like 30 minutes) because there was some mix up about who our server was, but our waiter was very apologetic about the mixup and it ended up being a pretty good experience.I like the sharing of the meals good portions servers are awesome. Great atmosphere. I would recommend this place to friends and family. So come out and have a good timeI don't see a way of keeping this brief because the experience was great.
Initially I tried making a reservation for 6, on a Saturday, a couple of days out. Our group was going to a show and wanted to do dinner around 4:30pm. Surprisingly, they said their "large group" reservations were booked. We decide we'd try to walk up and see what happens.
     We showed up and at first were told the large tables were full/reserved and we might have luck at the bar. We asked a little about how long a table would be if we waited and the woman at the desk seemed a little flustered (perhaps she was new?) As we figured we wouldn't be able to get a table, someone comes over and says they could seat us IMMEDIATELY. Wow! Not sure how it happened, but we were happy.
     We were waiting for 2 more from our party and so the 4 of us there started with drinks, the monkey bread, and the bacon. Everything was so good! Since our other friends were on the way, I asked them if they'd like me to order for them. What we ended up doing for the 6 of us was ordering 3 meatball dishes, 3 sausage dishes, another monkey bread, another bacon, the garlic bread, French fries, and Mac & cheese (then a second order of that as well.)
     While there were favorites, everything was really good. Oh, and I don't want to forget that we also ended up ordering 3 of the hot chocolate chip cookies for dessert, too (each couple had one.)
     This experience came together and our group had an amazing time. I would say that this is probably one of my new favorite restaurants we've been to in Philly. The table talked about "The Trough" which is the meat platter they offer, but we were so happy with our own shared plate meal we created. I'd recommend working on a reservation, but give it a try.Came here on a Sunday night. 
We ordered:
1 - peach salad: so good! I loved the burrata that comes in it. 
2 - eggplant meatball (the Hipster): this was amazing! Definitely will be a staple whenever I come back. I love eggplant but had never had an eggplant "meatball". Their marinara sauce tastes homemade, a bit spicy but nothing overwhelming. 
3 - game hen: so tender! The meat was very flavorful. It comes with vegetables that were very good too. Good healthy option. 
4 - octopus: this is a smaller plate but the octopus is nicely cooked. It comes with a paprika aioli which is very tasty and also some vegetables. 
5 - cornbread: I was so excited to try this one. Jalapeño cornbread topped with maple syrup. It is delicious! I liked this twist on the traditional cornbread. I wonder how it would taste warm. 
6 - summer beets: roasted and they come with goat cheese and a balsamic dressing. The balsamic taste was overwhelming for both of us. If they tried a more balanced dressing it would be perfect. But we couldn't even finish the beets. 
Unfortunately they don't have espresso, only regular coffee.I was a little skeptical of this restaurant, the menu didn't really appeal to me. My boyfriend suggested it, I thought why not. We walked in and are seated immediately. The tables are very close to each other, making it either uncomfortable or an opportunity to meet new people. Our sever, Sam, was very nice and knew the menu very well, as well as the specials and all the specialty drinks. 
We started with the big slab of bacon and a sausage appetizer, both very good. For entrees, we both ordered the strip steak with roasted vegetables. The veggies were something I had never eaten before, leeks and romanesco broccoli, but both very tasty. The steak was also delicious, nice and tender, and full of flavor. If I visit Philly again I think a visit here will definitely be in my plans.Do not waste your time here. They have dumb policies, overpriced foods and will be out of business in the next year. Management needs to take classes and learn how to treat customers right. The servers and hostess are rude. I went with 2 other people to have dinner on a Saturday night. We were next on the list with about 5 empty tables that could accommodate our group and they kept telling us they could not sit out group and would have to wait an hour to be seated. This is after we already waited 30 minutesSolid place for grabbing dinner and drinks after work.  The slab bacon appetizer is definitely a big hit.  I went for the wild boar ribs, which were decent but there is such a thing as too much "falling off the bone".  I literally couldn't even pick these up by the bone to eat, all the bones just pulled right out.
Great cocktail, beer, and wine options.  Except for dessert.... no dessert wine or port?  Come on sommelier up your game so you can take my money.Wow, what a great experience for a night out at the Butcher Bar. We looked on Yelp for something relatively close to our hotel with good reviews and we found the Butcher Bar. My husband is a true carnivore and I figured he would love this place. Unfortunately there wasn't a reservation available until 9:15 so we booked another place at 7:45 and decided to see how the day went. We were in town for a weekend of fun without kids, so our pace was leisurely. We ended up having a delicious lunch and beers at monks cafe (another one we recommend) later in the afternoon. So, the 9:15 actually worked out because we went back to the hotel to nap during an early evening thunderstorm and went back out on the town at 7. We got there early and enjoyed a nice craft beer selection at the bar, and our bartender was very knowledgeable not just about the menu but where meats came from and how they compared to meats from nearby markets. She was really funny and personable as well and we enjoyed the laid back bar atmosphere. After we were seated, the true enjoyment began. We ordered the bacon and chicken liver mousse for appetizers and my bacon was a giant slab of deliciousness. I was hooked on this place right then. For dinner I got the wild boar ribs with jalapeño cornbread and I seriously have no words. The ribs pulled out of the meat with ease and they were soooo tender and yummy. And can we talk about the jalapeño cornbread drizzled with some kind of honey truffle butter? I mean...
My husband got the butcher board for his dinner and it was something to behold. The meats and cheeses were not anything you could get at your local market, they were unique and perfectly paired. Amazing. To top it all off, our sever Therese was friendly and helpful, and we found later that she had some connections to our hometown so we thoroughly enjoyed chatting with her about her experiences upstate. She was delightful. We honestly couldn't have had a better night out for dinner, and if you are thinking of going here, run don't walk, you won't regret it.Great food, great service. Excellent selection. Not for vegetarians. Great alcohol selection. Had a great time with my parents.Came in for dinner last night and was sadly very disappointed. We were seated right away for our 730 reservation and the restaurant was pretty crowded for a Thursday. We then sat there for 20 minutes no water no server until finally the hostess saw us and asked if we had seen a server yet. No apology for the delay and we were going to a show nearby which started at 9.  My husband ordered the Steak and Fries which is a strip steak that he ordered medium rare. It came out medium, barely even pink. The server took it back and a new steak came out shortly after which was medium rare but poor quality meat with a lot of ligaments and chewy. I don't like to give a bad review but this was the worst meal we have had since moving to Philadelphia 4 months ago :( You can get much better food for less money anywhere else in the area. We will not be returning.i've been here a few times and loved every second of it. the food is so good. it's hearty, filling and flavorful. it comes out in a timely manor and there wasn't a single item i didn't love. the staff is amazing as wellI was in food heaven after my dinner at Butcher Bar. I was in town for a conference and walked across town for the Jalapeno Cornbread. Yes, I have a soft spot for cornbread. It was totally worth it. After my server described the special of bacon-wrapped scallops over blue crab lump meat lump risotto in a light cream sauce with asparagus, I didn't even need to look at the menu. My dinner was divine. I savored every last bite. My only regret is that I didn't have another day in Philly to return and try another special. Next time, Philly. Next time.Hands down my favorite place to have a beer in the neighborhood.  The food is excellent as well, however I typically head over to enjoy the atmosphere and sit at the bar.
Originally from Austin, this place reminds me of Lamberts (in Austin) but with slightly different cuisine.  The restaurant itself is beautiful no matter where seated and there is always a positive and festive atmosphere.  I imagine that the management here treats their employees well because the bartenders and wait staff smile, keep the bar clean and are very attentive.
The monkey bread is a great appetizer and I typically order sausage or meatballs...both excellent as well. I have yet to try the desert, however it looks excellent.  Love this place!The food here was amazingly fresh, unique, and delicious!!!The service was perfect, we sat outside on the newly renovated patio.... perfect...ask for Terese! We are from Oregon, we need a Butcher Bar back home!!Nice atmosphere, however service was sub par. Side plates came out before entrees and we were waiting 10-15 minutes before our entrees arrived. Our meatball entrees were more like overpriced appetizers. However the fries at the restaurant were absolutely delicious. Let's just say I will not be returning anytime soon.I've been a few times and hate to admit it, but it wasn't that impressed. Admittedly, I'm not much of a meat eater, which is the likely reason. The food is of good quality, but the options weren't my cup of tea. However, they do make really nice cocktails!Just went last night, had a fantastic time. 
The beer selection was more than adequate, including Troeg's nugget nectar... From a cask?  It was very good. 
The wife had a very interesting cocktail recommended by our server, who was excellent by the way.
I'd normally detail what we had to eat and recommend. 
Not going to do that, because there's no need. 
1. If you want specific recommendations, there are plenty from the other Yelpers
2. You basically cannot go wrong with any part of their menu. EVERYTHING we had was delicious, and displayed craftsmanship and attention to detail, without bothering with pretension. 
I loved it. 
Try this place, you will not be disappointed!Amazing food, amazing service, amazing atmosphere! This restaurant needs to be on everyone's list if they live or are just visiting Philly.Love the atmosphere and the staff.  Food was great.  Got the seafood sausage and the turducken sausage.  Tres bien.  Got the brussel sprout / cauliflower appetizer which was good but not great.  Staff and atmosphere is what really sells this place.We came to the Butcher Bar on a Saturday night at 630pm and we were seated immediately. Our waitress was very enthusiastic about the menu. We ordered the Mac n cheese, the burger, and the quinoa asparagus salad. The mac n cheese is made with gouda cheese and was served hot in a skillet pan! The quinoa asparagus salad was not what we expected, but it ended up being very good. We thought there would be more asparagus and less quinoa. It is mostly quinoa with a few (literally) pieces of asparagus. It also had tomatoes and feta cheese. The burger is Butcher Bar's version of a Big Mac. The hamburger patties are 4oz each and thin. The hamburger bun was soft and had a thousand island type dressing on it. The burger comes with a side of fries. It was all excellent! The dessert menu was tempting with a skillet cookie topped with ice cream. Unfortunately we were too full to try it. Great experience here! We would definitely recommend the Butcher Bar!This is always going to be a go to bar for me here in south Philly. great ambience. Good food. Friendly staff. They have an nice variety of beer here.