Disappointing!  I always walk by the case and everything looks amazing.  I have not heard alot but the few comments have been on cheesesteaks & good.
I opted for the Chicken Caesar sandwich.  If you opt to eat here try something else.  If it wasn't for the delicious roll I would have thrown it out.  Flavorless and dry.  Also lettuce had a taste as if it wasn't fresh and sat in case for more than a day.  Luckily I took it to go, ditched the lettuce and added dressing of my own.
Closed on Sundays and some holidays.I've had cheesesteaks at a few places in the Philly area now and I think this place may be near the top of the list.
Two things you'll notice right off the bat about the cheesesteaks from By George!- size and sesame seeds.  Because of the size, these cheesesteaks really fill you up.  And because of the sesame seeds... well I'm not really sure they do anything aside from add a slight nutty flavor.  All in all, quality meat and bread combine with sesame seeds for some quality cheesesteaks.By George! Pizza, Pasta & Cheesesteak needs a little work. First of all, the name. Pizza and pasta seem like natural cousins, but cheesesteak alongside in the deli case - it just feels wrong somehow. In Philly, there's cheesesteak and there's the forgeries. By George! isn't a forgery; it's authentic. Not quite the wanna-be's that pop up all over the city, but not quite the genuine article either (not quite the Tony Luke's, in other words). Reading Terminal is an incredible nucleus of restaurants and vendors, an epicenter of PA food and culture. 
By George! has quality meat and cheese, which you think would be enough to make a good cheesesteak. It is, for the most part, though I'm not sure it's on par with some of the Philly greats: the Pats, the Tony Luke's. I have yet to try Carmen and settle the Reading Terminal battle for top steak, but when I do, you my nonexistent Yelp readers, will be the first to know.This spot is loved by tourists attempting to get a taste of an authentic Philly cheesesteak as well as school-age children trying to get their hands on some pizza. I'll talk about the pizza because who doesn't love it?!
Generally good stuff! My personal favorite has got to be the chicken with garlic, spinach, and tomato. Not too much sauce, but not too little and has just the right about of cheese. That's super important. The toppings are generally spread out on all of the pizzas. The pepperoni pizza isn't skimping on the pepperonis either. The Mediterranean pizza is practically a salad on a pizza pie. For your healthy ones, you can eat this one and not feel too guilty afterwards. They also sell pizza dough for a few dollars, if you want to get fancy at home and make your own pizza.I went here to get some marinated mozzarella bllas and tomato salad for an event at my child's school.  The salads were fresh an tasty - but a little high on the prices.
In a pinch, I would go back again.  The pastas looked delicious.This stall in the bustling market was totally worth the stop. I love a good cheesesteak and by George i think they got it! 
I had the regular cheesesteak with onions and it was delicious. I should have gotten just the sandwhich and not the combo because I barely was able to finish half of it before I was full. Will go back, I want to try the Italian cheesesteak next!Good cheese steak but a bit greasy and the bread wasn't to my liking. For they money, I'd buy again but I might try to find one different. Of course, it might be far worse!We went for a taste of the Philly cheese steak here. Ordered with onions and American  cheese. The steak was so tender and the sandwich was really good. Would recommend their cheesesteak. They do a lot of other stuff here, but we only tried the cheesesteak which was excellent.Really good pizza at this place!! (And I am NOT a big pizza fan.) And their lasagna is a huge serving, and it really satisfies your pasta craving. Their many varieties of salads are pretty good, too.Fresh pestos.  Fresh pasta.  Nice people and all found in the famous Reading Terminal Market.  I get a Roasted Red Pepper pesto from By George that I just can't get enough of.  By George is also where I first ever saw a nut pesto which encouraged me to make almond pesto a year ago.  Greaaaaat old world flavor you'll enjoy...Thanks George!Grabbed a quick lunch here with colleagues while on a break from the convention center. We waited in a pretty long line, but it moved quickly and the employees were friendly. Pro tip: there are separate lines for the grill (ie cheesesteaks) and for the pasta items. Several folks including one of my coworkers waited in the long cheesesteak line when they could have been in the shorter one. I was attempting to be somewhat restrained and intrigued by the veggie cheese steak... it was a mistake. Tons of veggies -- mushrooms, spinach, peppers, onions, and a hint of pepper flake-- plus tons of cheese on a soft roll. It tasted good, but was a huge, soggy, greasy mess that fell apart immediately. I took it to go, and didn't think to grab a fork, so it was basically impossible to eat. I suppose this is what I get for trying to be good... next time, I'll just order the cheesesteak.Crazy good!!! Love Italian food here.  The price is reasonable too. Highly recommended spot.The Italian Cheesesteak sandwich hit the spot. The peppers & broccoli rabe take the Philly classic to another level of delicious. Next time you're in Reading Terminal Market, grab a sandwich (plan to split it), pull-up a seat at the communal tables, and enjoy.Great for a cheesesteak! This is the only cheesesteak we had in philly, and it was definitely good. Unhealthy-- don't know how anyone could eat a whole one -- but the American cheese and onions brought everything together well. Would recommend this place if you are in the area and looking to get a cheesesteak!Amazing fresh food and ingredients. I recommend the pepperoni calzone, but all of their pizza is delicious. Cesar salad was outstanding! Salty for some, but not overpowering. Overall great service, great food, awesome place!My first review of 2013 . . .
Had to travel to Philly for work so I had to search Yelp for a popular place to get a Chicken Philly Cheesesteak. This place is located in a Market in downtown Philly. It appeared that you could purchase any type of food in this bustling and trendy market.
Back to the food which was excellent. Fresh cut and perfectly seasoned fries to go along with a humongous chicken cheesesteak. Now as you may or may not know I am a little dude (5'10 174 lbs) so the word humongous is relative. The cheesesteak was delicious. I see why Philly is famous for these sandwiches. 
I would've given this place a five star but this has got to be the most unhealthiest sandwich ever!GREAT PIZZA!!! I love the whole wheat pizza with feta, olives, mushrooms, spinach. It's delicious!!! I also like the eggplant pizza. From the ones I've had, the white mushroom is third on my list, and the sicilian tomato pie, fourth. I'm so happy I stumbled upon them and tried it.Terminal Reading's BEST cheesesteak. Heck,best I've ever had. Classic philly, fresh ribeye, onions, cheese, on a toasted sesame seed hoagie. We took ours to the airport and then CHOWED-DOWN on that suckah. #MMMMMThis is a very mixed review cuz i came here twice in as many days and had very different experiences. The first time, I stuck with the pizza and the second time I decided to try the "new cheesesteak menu". Here goes. 
So the pizza was NY style, which everyone tries to claim. Being from the place, I have to give them their props on a decent slice. Don't get me wrong, this was nothing amazing, but much less removed than the pathetic version we get in San Diego. I got a tomato and spinach, and a tomato, chicken, and spinach slice. I can't comment on their sauce cuz I didn't get a slice with sauce. I love tomato slices! These were pretty good. The dough was a little flimsy on one, and a little thick and doughy on the other. They haven't quite mastered it yet. Could have used some more cheese, but the flavor and seasoning was all there. The crust was reasonably crusty and not too doughy, which was pretty good. Based on this experience, definitely four stars. 
I am not from Philly and definitely not a cheesesteak expert. I know they ask a lot of clarifying questions when you ordered, but from what I know about it, all you really need to tell them is "whiz wit onions" and that should be enough info. So, that's what I told them essentially. The damn thing was enormous, reasonably priced ($7.95 I believe), and smelled amazing. However, when I unwrapped it, it was not on anything that resembled an Amoroso. It was on some kind of baguette type thing with sesame seeds on it (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/7eDXcZRj4bl8VxPwnRT1ww?userid=obvm_4RP60RCWIllaFN4yQ). Really?! Sesame seeds?! and they weren't even joking. I almost went back and asked for a refund, but I figured I would tough it out. 
The sandwich, as I will call it, was not that bad. In fact, the steak was very, very well seasoned and was very flavorful. Not enough whiz, but that's all good. The first half, the whiz was fine, but the second half, it got a little clumpy, like it wasn't hot enough or something. kinda nasty. However, as anyone from Philly that I have ever talked to knows, the bread makes or breaks it. it was tough, baguette style bread, in contrast to nice, soft, delicious Amoroso. For this experience, they barely get two stars. You do the math. 
I might come back for their pizza, but wouldn't dream of getting another cheesesteak.Fantastic philly cheesesteak experience with By George! Try not to be tempted by the amazing display of pasta and carbs, and stick through the lines for the cheesesteak. I got the cheesesteak with sharp provolone and onions. It took a while to come out but wow once I bit my mouth into that sandwich, I died a little bit.
It is definitely pricier than some other places, but it's huge and they really stack on the meat. I'm the type of person that doesn't like to try the same place twice, but I'd definitely come back for more sandwiches and finally to try the pizza and pasta.I got off the airplane at PHL SOOOO in the mood for Caprese... and so i headed over to Reading Terminal Market and got an amazing amazing sandwich from these guys.  Tomato, basil, mozarella, on bread that had a hint of garlic taste to it.  DELICIOUS.  They threw it on the panini press to heat it up for me, and served it in paper that kept it warm until i could find a seat.  I also wanted 1x artichoke heart that was calling my name while I was waiting for my sandwich to warm up.  They were happy to accomodate, and didn't look at me like I was crazy (you know... the face they give you at Dunkin Donuts when you order 1x munchkin?)
Also a plus- its across the market from the produce stand.  TONS of fresh fruits and veggies for super-cheap without having to venture into the congestion of the market.The service was great but the cheese steak I would give a solid 4 and a half. Something was missing, not sure if the meat wasn't seasoned properly or what. Overall it was great, I ordered it with American cheese, Caramelized onions and roasted peppers. Bomb dot com.I went here for lunch yesterday and ate the "European" sandwich which consisted of roasted eggplant, asparagus, kale, fresh mozzarella, and seasonings on a crunchy multi-grain baguette.  
Pros: The fresh mozzarella was truly delicious and the bread was surprisingly flavorful (I think from toasted sesame seeds)
Cons: This sandwich was incredibly difficult to eat. Like, astonishingly difficult.  It was cumbersome, assembled strangely, and at times I felt like a dog with a chew toy when I was trying to bite through the bread. 
Overall, this sandwich was not worth the effort it took to eat.A big selection of food - pizza, sandwiches, cheesesteaks, etc. Had the Parma and Chicken cutlet for lunch on 3/20/13. Food is fresh and tasty! Would love to try the calzones.the cheesesteaks are amazing! the cheese are completely melted inside the steaks. the bum is nice and soft. the cheesesteak is so flavorful. 
be aware of the size! i was completely stuffed after half of the cheesesteak.Amazing. Just amazing.  Everything down to the bread is delicious. The only thing I ate that didn't care for was the white slice.  Probably not enough garlic.  But I still ate the whole slice.  Over the course of a few days, we had plain cheese slices, Pepperoni Strombolis, mozzarella baguette sandwiches, Caesar salad with chicken, Caesar salad chicken wraps.  It was so delicious I wish they would open one in Hawaii.  They would kill it. Their chicken is super flavorful.  The staff is ok I think they are kinda slow in pace and not much of sense of urgency but I forget once I start eating their food. Highly recommend!!!!I had the chicken parm, a beef meat ball, a spinach and feta chicken meat ball.. It was okay, wasnt the best I ever had, the chicken was cooked well but the meat balls were terrible. The meatballs taste like dog food.. Im so sure the meat balls were dog food, that I dare a an scientist or lab tech to analyze the meatballs and do a ingredient comparison.. I wanted to order the cheesesteak because the are huge and look amazing but by the time it was my turn to order, the cashier told me they ran out of steak! I will leave you with this, the chicken parm was good, the cheesesteak looks good but eat the meatballs at your own risk..One of my favorite pizza slices in Philly. I had the tomato pie because I wanted to taste the most basic pizza they had in order to experience the flavors best.
Good decision. The sauce is amazing. I wish I could make sauce like this. It is rich, and full flavored. You can taste a touch of sweetness from slow simmered, caramelized tomato sugars. It was really very great. Crust was good. Thick, crispy and chewy.
I haven't had any of their other foods because RTM has so many options. I need to go back.Delicious pizza! They had sooo many yummy food items to choose from but I decided to try the eggplant pizza- a slice of it. Red sauce, cheesy with roasted eggplant - yummmm. It hit the spot after a long day of walking around philly. Friendly staff too :)I love Philadelphia!  one of the three best American cities!  However, it is time to disassociate this great urban center with such a terrible food...the Philly cheesesteak sandwich!  no matter where you order it, you get nothing more than slices of the worst beef cuts, fried in cheap grease on a flat grill, thrown into various types of roll, and dressed with cheese.  By George is on par with it's better known competition south of city center, but NONE of them can make anything that comes close to making this awesome city proud.  To include the word, "steak," is just wrong!  hoagies are more varied and of better taste, quality, and a better bargain.SO MUCH BETTER THAN JIMS. They have a combo here for a cheesesteak and fries for $12.50. The Philly cheesesteak here is smothered in cheese. It's not dry. Not too greasy. One of the best cheesesteaks I've ever had! If you're in the reading terminal market check this place out!We were short on time, and needed to get on the train at Jefferson station  to the airport.  We ordered 2 Philly cheesesteaks to go with a drink.  They had so much to chose from and this is enticing.  We ate it on the plane, and so delicious!!!!!!!!! I would definitely go back.I got the Chessesteak Combo with onion rings.
The onion rings are on-point - that's why they are $4.50.
The fries are the regular kinds, but what was upsetting was that they charged extra for cheese without notifying me until I saw the receipt.
The Terminal Reading MArket is a chaotic place and space is limited so the organizing skills is bad.  Felt like an upgraded fast food joint.
Anyway, the taste of the food is a bit dry but the amount of meat that they gave is a lot so two people can eat a regular sized cheesesteak hero.First business trip to Philly late last year, I was in a hotel next to the Market. Boy, did that turn out to be great! I love Reading Terminal Market, and had a chance to sample (seems like) just about every restaurant in the place. As far as cheesesteaks and Italian went, By George was my favorite (especially the cheesesteaks- sometimes the pizza wasn't quite as saucy as I usually like). For being regularly busy at lunch, it's actually not bad waiting for the order to prep and serve. In off-peak times, even better! Some of the combos start to get a little pricey for what you get, but even then, the c'steak is a good double meal, so who needs a side? I treated myself to a birch beer once, admittedly. :-)
Folks here are reasonably nice, even at peak times when they're busy. Good selection of stuff. Next time I'm in Philly, I know where I'm staying and I know where I'm eating first. Just have to refuse all the invites to fancy-schmancy sit-down dinners in favor of a c'steak sucked down back in the room!Good place for quick bite!
There is always a long line, you have to wait a bit.
But the cheesesteak was nice! It was pretty larger than I expected, and not that oily!By George, this place is absolutely amazing!
The efficiency and delectable offerings of this Reading Terminal vendor really sets it apart from the countless cheesesteak joints in Philly. In about one minute flat, I ordered a sandwich, paid, and walked away with my infant-sized sandwich cradled in one arm. The eggplant parm sandwich - hot eggplant parm topped with additional sauce and grated cheese on a long roll - is unbelievable. True comfort food. The only component that I would change is the roll, which didn't taste too fresh, but the eggplant parm itself was perfect. My friend went with the classic cheesesteak and devoured the whole thing, so I'm guessing she liked it.
When I return and am feeling more adventurous, I am most definitely going to order one of their unique homemade pastas, especially the pumpkin pasta.I was starving so I got a chicken & broccoli stromboli for lunch - this sandwich was humongous plus it came with a tub of tomato dipping sauce. The crust is thinner than a calzone but this sandwich was stuffed with tons of chicken and pretty much a whole wheel of cheese. It was a very heavy, if delicious, meal. The Reading Terminal is madness at lunch but it's worth the line up for good food (the cheesesteak sandwichs are just as filling and tasty!).Does an authentic Philly cheese steak come on a sesame seed bun? Unfortunately, I learned after suffering through my dried out sandwich that the answer is, "no". I also learned that this restaurant is one if the many tourist traps in the Reading Terminal.
This sandwich was a disaster. I didn't leave a tip, so here's one .....stick to Italian dishes, you're given the philly cheese steak a bad wrap.It was my very first cheesesteak.... wonderful!! The Reading Terminal is so cool, by George is located near the produce market near the back, there are a few cheesesteak places in there I asked someone for a recommendation and they said By George fir sure. Great advice the food was great and the service outstanding.I think they have the best food.  I love their Capri sandwich.  When I come to Philly I have to always stop at By George to get their Capri sandwich.  I'm a stickler for fresh ingredients.  When you have a mix of Tomato, Basil and mozzarella that's something you do not want to get old ingredients.
The service staff was very nice and accommodating.  We were wanting to try more of the selection there.  We have had plenty of Cheese steaks and pizza and were wanting to try something a little more different.  The lady behind the counter suggested that we try their fresh Mozzarella balls.
The Mozzarella balls were very very good.  The only thing was lacking which was on us is that we didn't ask for more of the oil.  Other than that it was wonderful.  They were so good though.  I even added a couple of the mozzarella balls my sandwich and it made it even better.  Really made my day.Cheesesteaks that are devine. I love visiting and always go here for the wonderful food.Things that separate this spot from the countless others in Philly:
-They do NOT offer buffalo chicken cheesesteaks (woe is me)
-They split up the lines depending on what you order (love that)
-The seeded, crusty buns are THE JAM! Holds up to the greasy glory that lies within, more so than some other rolls I've experienced.
Lines move fast, food comes out fresh, and the price is not too different than other establishments. When I'm overwhelmed with the lines at DiNics, Spataros, or Carmen's.... this makes a surprisingly great choice.
I've only had a slice of 'za once, but it was tasty. I prefer the cheesesteaks, personally.Cheesesteak was decent.  The steak was very good quality.  It's what I could get in California. Not what the hype was about.  I'm gonna try a cheese steak from a street vender next. Not enough cheese.  The lady who took our order was really really rude and impatient.  The lady who you order precooked food (that you pay by the weight) was really nice.   Cheese fries have cheese at the top but not anywhere else.  So after the first several bites, there isn't cheese.the first time I had a Philly Cheese steak was from here. it was a bite of my girlfriends and I remember it tasting like a dream. then the second time I had it I ordered a whole one for myself and have my gf the wrapper to eat off anything that fell off my steak. it was not as good the second time around. it was dry. it was a good steak but there has to be consistency. that's why people come back. definitely the best cheese steak in the reading terminal marketI had a slice here today. O.M.God it was good. Not Philly-good, mind you. Actual-good. The sauce had a bit of kick, and the vegetables were added perfectly: a few nice big pieces - not a bunch of little scraps so it's falling out all over the place. It could have done with another minute in the brick oven, but I'm looking forward to return to sample the many other slice options.Since it was my first time visiting Philly the first time, how could I not eat a cheesesteak? Cliché I know. But I can't resist. ^_^
After wandering around the terminal market, and with soooo many cheesesteak options, I didn't know what to choose. Finally decided to stop over thinking it, and just get one. Cheesesteak was BOMB-DIGGITY. We ordered it will grilled onions and provolone cheese. When we dug into it, the steak was hot, juicy and flavored really nicely. The chunks of steak were a nice size and they didn't skimp with the sandwich. None of the flavors were over powering or salty. The sandwich was pretty big too, so it was really filling. Totally worth it. 
Get your cheesesteak here!I love their tomato pie, haven't had it for a while but it sure is goodLocated on the aisle as you walked directly straight on from the 12th St. entrance, By George is a good food choice that serves cheap, delicious pizza by slice.
My order was a slice of Italian sausage pizza ($3.5) and it was solid! The meat was plenty on the slice that was also filled with cheese so it was certainly worth it.  Nothing really to complain about, so I believe that By George is great especially if you want a quick, cheap eat at Reading Terminal Market.I ate for the second time here today. It was a much different experience. I had the same thing I had last time, a pepperoni calzone and a caesar salad. The calzone was better than before, with ricotta cheese stuffed inside. It was phenomenal. The caesar salad was horrible however. The dressing tasted like water. Weird because the last time it was amazing. Service was still great, Caesar salad was not. Still I would try the Caesar anyways. It might be good the time you drop by.I got an $11 cheesteak here and, although it was huge, it was also bland bland bland.  I even asked for the sharp provolone on it, and yet flavor was seriously lacking.  I've made better Steak-um cheesesteaks at home myself.Yummy Philadelphia Cheesesteak.....big enough for 2 to share. Located at Reading Terminal.Goûtez un de leur fameux cheesesteak, à tomber ! Une tuerie, je reviendrais à Philadelphia ne serait ce pour ce sandwich !Huge tasty cheese-steaks? Yes please! These are wonderful, cooked fresh, and served with a choice of cheese (American or Provolone or the local favorite "Whiz") and with or without a choice of onions, peppers, or mushrooms. The seeded roll is both fresh and soft on the inside and crusty on the outside. I had mine with American cheese and onions.... and it was wonderful!Disappointed with the soggy pasta. The meatballs were great though. It's more a tourist palace to eat than a local. Seems they don't care enough to bring their best. I am sure they could better. I won't order the pasta anymore but the meatballs I will.First time visiting Philly and I had to try a Philly Cheesesteak. I was at the Reading Terminal and asked a security staffer which restaurant she would recommend. She said By George had a pretty good Philly Cheesesteak so I checked them out and order one. 
The first thing I noticed was that the cheesesteak was very oily. The meat was cooked well and the cheese was good, but it was way too much for me to finish. Also way to heavy. Overall, I'm glad I tried it but wasn't the biggest fan. My hands, after 10 times of extreme washing, smelled like cheesesteak. My clothes smelled like it too, it was pretty bad.Amazing cheesesteaks on great bread!! :) we come here every time we go into the city. And we only get cheesesteaks... they're that good!My first ever cheesesteak in Philly! The vibe inside the Reading Terminal is so vibrant and exciting! The cheesesteak itself was ok, I don't really see what the fuss is about, but good first taste of Philly!My source for fresh pasta in Center City. Totally worth the premium price. You get to choose what kind of pasta (egg, whole wheat, spinach, ect.) and the cut of noodle you would like. They also have a wide variety of sauces in case you are too lazy to make your own.
The prepared foods are top-quality as well.Reading station always offers great food! Anything and everything you can think of. Being in Philly, I had to grab a cheesesteak. Definitely not the best but it was a good one at a decent price.The pizzas are expensive, but really good with higher quality ingredients.  I've also had their prepared sandwiches, and also their hot prepared Italian meals.  A favorite here is the chicken parm.  They also sell fresh mozzarella, antipasti, and other homemade salads.  
I haven't been disappointed with anything I've ever purchased here.  This section of the RTM can get very crowded, so be patient.  There's separate lines for pizza and anything else.I don't usually come to Reading Terminal market with pizza or Italian in mind, but occasionally I get a craving and happen to be in the area I will choose this place as it has well above average pizza and is the best in the Chinatown area for a good several blocks radius. Their strombolis are also an excellent deal coming in at $7.50 with tax and are plenty filling and generously stuffed with meat and cheese. The pastas are pretty good and they make excellent cheesesteaks as well which come on an Italian seeded roll which I am partial to. I have also had their chicken parmesan sub and it is above average as well.4 étoiles dans la catégorie Philly's cheeseteak hein, pas dans la vie en général.
Aller à Philly et passer à côté du sandwich que le monde entier lui envie, j'ai nommé le Philly's cheesesteak, ce serait être bien fou, ou peu curieux, ou alors extrêmement clairvoyant sur les conséquences de long terme de l'ingestion de ce sandwich qui EXPLOSE littéralement sous la pression de la viande (un steak hein vous l'aurez deviné), du fromage et de la multitude de choses que vous pouvez ajouter dedans, au cas où cela ne suffirait pas : épinard, oignons, tomates, etc, voire paraît-il du BACON ou des OEUFS. -ce sandwich m'inspire beaucoup de majuscules-
J'ai penché pour les épinards croyant naïvement alléger la chose, ah mais non, ô non, vous pourriez ajouter de la salade que ça ne changerait rien car tout vient en PLUS du reste. Le sandwich est éventré par tout ça et votre mâchoire quasi déboîtée.
Est ce que c'est bon ? Honnêtement, ce n'est pas aussi horrible que ce que son intitulé laisse présager : un effrayant sandwich au steak et au fromage. Il y a un petit goût un peu épicé qui rehausse le tout. En revanche, digestivement parlant, n'espérez pas vous envoler comme après un Kinder Bueno.
Chez Georges est un des lieux incontournables où déguster ces petits délices de finesse si vous êtes à Philadelphie. Le stand se trouve dans le marché couvert de Reading Terminal. Commandez et vous pouvez ensuite aller vous assoir au centre du marché, (il vaut mieux être assis pour ce qui va suivre), il y a plein de tables, c'est une sorte de Food Court quoi. 
Ah oui j'en ai mangé un demi et ça m'a déjà inspiré tous ces superlatifs alors ne voyez pas trop grand.I didn't realize Hershey's makes their pizza sauce!Love the cheese straka here. Best cheese steaks in Philadelphia hands downExcellent Philly Cheesesteak. Exactly what we were looking for: very meaty, great bread, and very cheesy. Definitely going to come back!This place had one of the best cheesesteaks I've ever had! It was nice and juicy with a bread that tasted almost like a pretzel. The combo deal price point was decent for Reading Terminal. The combo came with fries and a drink. I like this cheesesteak a LOT better than the touristy Pat's King of Steaks. Plus, the customer service at By George is a lot more friendly. I can't wait until the next time I'm in Philly so that I can eat here again!Love love love their pizza... I hate going to Reading Terminal because it is such a tourist trap...but when I want some good pizza I'll chalk it and trek on down there . Where I live in Germantown, the crap that they call pizza is a sin...I hate that no place local is available  to get a half decent pizza of any kind. So...Pizza by George is my spot for a slice or two. I just wish it was closer.I just got into Philly and was dying for a "real" cheesesteak. I decided on the chicken/provolone. My first bite was delicious, but subsequent bites were just okay. I think I had my mouth worked up for more than it was. I do love the bustling atmosphere of Reading Terminal Market. You can expect the lines to be long, but the guys at the counter are nice and it's a fun place.I had my first Philly cheesesteak here and was certainly not disappointed! They literally stuff the cheesesteak with a lot of meat and whatever other toppings you want to the point where it starts to fall out when you eat it. The cheesesteak is about a foot long so if you don't have a big appetite, it's probably better to finish half of it. It's a bit on the pricey side but thats because it's inside Terminal Market but otherwise, the food is delicious.Whenever I'm in the area and come to Reading Terminal Market, I always get something from By George.  Their pizzas and pastas are AMAZING!  I wish this place was near my house...Decent slice of tomato pie, though perhaps not as good as the one I grew up with. Can't say I'd order it again since there are so many more things to try at this little Italian stand in Reading Terminal Market. Nice sweet sauce on a soft crust that crisps up on the bottom after a few minutes in their oven.Food: 3.5
Service: 2.5
Value: 3
Pretty good cheesesteak spot in Reading Terminal. Longer lines, and a tad pricey, but a satisfying meal.Honestly the best cheese steak I've had in a long time.  A bit on the pricey side ($12 for a cheesesteak and small fries combo - drink not included).  Come hungry because one sandwich could feed 2 people (although you won't want to share).Philly comfort food heaven! By George is a bedrock of the RTM. We had: a classic cheesesteak "with"; a cheesesteak without the bread (one of us is gluten-intolerant); a veggie sandwich i.e. roasted peppers, provolone, broccoli rabe, fried onions -- gooey heaven although I think I'd skip the onions next time, just makes it too messy -- and a slice of plain pizza. It was our best eating in a week-long vacation in Philly and the Jersey Shore.would give 5 stars, but the ordering "system" is a mess! to begin on a positive note, their food is always delicious and pricing, while on the high side, is competitive given their environment. 
on the other hand, they don't make it easy if you need to order items from different stations. i.e. if i want pizza, i have to stand in the pizza line; steaks / sandwiches - a different line; salads - yet another different line. there's gotta be a way to upgrade their p.o.s. to handle all items they carry and push out the orders to their correlating stations. it almost discourages people to place orders for more than one type of item by making them jump through these hoops. i definitely frequent this spot much less b/c of this.
P.s. all food handlers should wear gloves. The guy shredding mozz was not and directly touching the cheese. EwI was at the convention center and decided to head over to Reading Terminal market for lunch.  I decided to try By George and got the eggplant parmesan and garlic bread.  The eggplant was very good and cheesy with a nice sauce.  The garlic bread was dry and I could only have 2 bites before I gave up.Really good cheesesteak, lots of other fresh ingredients and options. Line is confusing and crowded, but it's worth it.I and my whole family got cheesesteaks here on Saturday because the line everywhere else was so long. I am so glad we did. This is the best cheesesteak I've had yet in Philly. Better than John's Roast Pork and Prince's by far. For 9 bucks you get about 3/4 pound of beautiful beef scraps with your choice of provolone or American. The ~12" seeded rolls on which they come are phenomenal. They are soft and allow the meat to play the leading role in this culinary masterpiece. The fried onions I got also played quite well well the oozy cheese and slightly crisped beef.
If you're looking for a great cheesesteak in a bustling Philly setting come to By George! These guys do it right. This is a huge sandwich, so you might want to share the glory with somebody else. I don't give five stars very often, but when I do, the food is incredible.Great cheesesteaks and service! Went with the mushroom steak with American cheese and loved it. The toasted sesame seeds give the bread a very different and distinct taste as compared to many others in town. Great food and a good price.Friendly and conversational staff.The cheesesteak we ordered was heavy on the meat, but my husband and daughter enjoyed it. I thought it was okay.Amazing cheesesteaks on great bread!! :) it's conveniently located inside the Reading Terminal Market. Although we normally get cheesesteaks they have a great selection of other foods. Mostly Italian. Be sure to grab a seat in the market itself because George's doesn't have its own seating. Always delicious!Ordered the chicken cheesesteak hoagie and a side of fries. The fries were greasy and soggy.  Remarkably they were still flavorful.  The chicken Philly was so good. I mean it was phenomenal! It's huge.  Two people can definitely share. The lunchtime line was extremely long but they move very quickly. I would without a doubt eat here again. Took one star off for them not draining the fries.We ordered a half pound of sausage and peppers, 2 cheesesteak specials, eggplant parmigiana and vegetable lasagna.  
We got a half pound of sausage and peppers, 1 cheesesteak special, chicken parmigiana and vegetable lasagna.  Hey! 3 out of 5 ain't bad and I got the last cheesesteak.  LOL!  Plus, I was REALLY glad they only gave me one special because it was ENORMOUS!
Hearty, hot and filling and on a cold winter night, it was exactly what we needed.  It was really good and exactly what we wanted and expected.  Tasty and stuck to our ribs.When I expressed such disappointment with the cheesesteak from Jim's on Southstreet my friend suggested I try this place in the Reading Market. Nite and DAY! This was juicy flavorful steak with the onions not overpowering the steak and real cheese not bright orange plastic whiz.. it was so good!!!!!!! Everything in the market is better!!I was at the convention center when I needed a quick bite to eat so I yelped nearby restaurants and this joint came up with decent reviews so I gave it a try.  However, I was not impressed with the cheesesteak sandwich.  I got sharp provolone, which was and additional $1.00 charge too. The sandwich was very dry with little taste.  I have no plans on returning.Decided to try the veggie stromboli yesterday as I have never had a bad stromboli.  However, although this one looked delicious, it was so disappointing.  There was hardly any filling, and the whole thing seemed soaked with grease and over salty.  All I could taste was the greasy bread and chewy cheese.  I felt mad at myself for not trying something new in this huge, unique market.Absolutely best chicken cheesesteak I have had in life. The bread tasted so fresh. Crunch on the outside and soft on the inside. There was the right combination of ingredients: chicken, cheese, mushrooms, mustard, ketchup, and pickles. The sandwich is pretty large. I shared mine with sister and it was more than enough. I will definitely be going back when I'm in Philly again.The food is amazing. The cheesesteak was very meaty and the roll was fresh. This place won't disappoint you if your looking for a great steak in Center City Reading Terminal By George is the place to visit.The worst catering experience I have ever had the displeasure of dealing with. I went to the location and placed an order and left a deposit and 3 days later I get a call from the manager saying that the owner did not want to sell me two of the items that the manager misquoted at the price that the manager misquoted me on. If your employees make a mistake with something, you don't go back to the customer asking for more money, you handle that within your company as to not dissatisfy the customer. Warning!!! Don't ever, ever get catering from this company. They will take your money and then call you back asking for more money when they made a mistake.Poor name, fantastic food. 
We had two strombolis and a few slices of pie. The pizza was piled extremely high with toppings. Like an inch high. What a bonkers slice.
The strombolis were extremely serious too. Half of one will do you for lunch for sure, and at only 7 or 8 bucks, it's one hell of a lunch deal. The signage makes it hard to find, so look for Iovine produce in one corner of the Market and then look across from them.It's excellent when a thin oven-baked pizza crust is covered and cheese and topped with an entire Greek salad...it's even better when this mountain of Greek salad comes with a lofty drizzle of balsamic dressing. 
Crisp, crunchy and charred, the crust at By George! massacres any other brick oven crust. 
Oh...and they take Level Up. FTW.I was severely disappointed by this place after reading the reviews.  
I waited all day to try a cheesesteak and when I got there 1 hour before they closed, the male cashier rudely looked at me and said no more cheesesteaks for the day.  I looked behind him and a cook was cooking a large fresh batch of meat for cheesesteaks??? Very odd.
Ok, I'll try some of their pizza.  I walked to the side and said excuse me to one of the girls working the area. Ok no answer, I'll try again, no answer again?  Third time and still no answer?  She just walked away like she didn't even see me.  I should have went elsewhere at this point but I still wanted to try a slice of pizza because it's what they're known for and I'm from out of town.
After finally getting another girl to assist me (even though her customer service skills could use a lot of work), I then ordered a chicken parmigiana hot sandwich and a slice of their pepperoni pizza.
I was starving at this point and dug right in.  The pizza tasted old and not fresh at all. The chicken parmigiana sandwich was even worse. Dry chicken that tasted a few days old.  I couldn't even eat the dry bun it came in. Such a waste of money.
Very rude staff and old food here.  Do yourself a huge favor and go to the Dutch Eating Place at the other side of the Reading Terminal Market.  MUCH better friendly service and FRESH food there.I ordered a chicken cheese steak, the cashier messed up and gave me a regular cheese steak. They remade my order but messed up again. Overall the chicken cheese steak is average. My friends said the regular cheese steak was great.I decided to pick up something to eat in the Reading Terminal market and thought a cheesesteak sounded good. I ordered one with onions and cheese sauce and a bottled water. Came out to about $11. Got back to my hotel and I was happy it was still very warm. Great portion, too. It was odd, though because the cheese sauce was only on the top and had never permeated to the bottom. The parts without the cheese were dry. I was definitely disappointed. Maybe next time I will try those delicious looking sandwiches in the display case!So, even though the lines are huge and you may think it is a overrated place because its at the Reading Terminal but this place is no joke.
I have had their Pizza, Strombolis, Pasta and Salmon, Spaghetti and Sandwich, Broccoli Rabe - the dough is fresh as ever and taste is superb  [couldn't stress enough], along with quality. Nothing here tastes anywhere near bad.
Only one complaint : Mr. Manager [ whoever you are, although I know you] stop being so mean to your employees who are suuuuuper nice and sweet and quit bullying them for no reason. Be nice ! I almost took your counter person home with me, I would have if i could. He was super adorable.Was sent here by a local and I fell in love. I will almost definitely eat here again on this trip.Philly is meant to be the home of cheesesteaks and yet this place was beyond subpar. The service was slow and there was a line which made us belief that the food had to be great but boy were we disappointed. We did not find the meat to be well seasoned and the bread seemed to be on the hard side. This was all topped by service that seemed to be on the I do not feel like being at work side. I will not be returning.The food is great and lovely, the Stromboli's are the best. However, the workers are very rude and have made me feel uncomfortable the several times I have been there. Once I placed an order which took some time to cook. I was fine on waiting but I kept on getting flares from.both the food preparers and the server's that I had to walk away and go to other stalls since it was clear they did not want me to wait at the counter for my order. When I came back 10 minutes later, the food was done but the preparer made it seem like I had wasted their time and was very rude boxing my order. I enjoy the food every much but they need to work on customer service.I had a slice of plain pizza and By George today @ the Reading Terminal market and its probably the best I've had next to Lorenzo & Son Pizza on South St. The pizza was good and the service was fast and friendly even though we had a 5 minute wait time because of how busy Reading Terminal Market is. Overall I would recommend it for a quick and cheap bite for lunch.My opinion of By George is a victim of its location. If I had By George in my neighborhood, I'd probably order from them a few times a month. In Reading Terminal Market however, I'm not too excited about it.
They have good pizza, pasta etc. If you try it you will like it. I have not had the cheesesteaks. Its just not that exciting compared to the ridiculously wonderful local fare the rest of Reading Terminal has to offer.
Yesterday (4-14-10) I needed something to keep a sandwich I was bringing home cold so I bought two things of their frozen pasta. I am excited to try it.Went here for lunch with my family. My father is in his 80s and asked for the veggie pizza, he loved it! Never saw him like pizza that much. He even ate the crust-lol! I had the plain slice and my sis had the Stromboli. The cheese is perfect. Perfect amount of sauce and dough. No complaints! No rubbery reheated texture either. 
Now the prices... yikes- but you will forget about that when you start eating.  I will definitely go back.This is the best pizza I have had in Philadelphia; it's on par with the boutique pizzas at Osteria. Nice chewy crust, great toppings--an absolutely outstanding example of the New York style. Salads, sandwiches, pastas, etc. are also quite good, but the pizza shines; it's an under-recognized gem. The people are really nice as well.Very unimpressed with the food. The cheesesteak was terribly dry, and hardly had any cheese. Almost 10$ for just a sandwich that was definitely not worth it. I've had much better from the Chinese carry out. I do give them 2 stars though because everyone working there was super friendly. Their customer service is the best thing going for them.Can I please have a Philly cheesesteak? Yeah that's what I just said.. Dumb moment. I am in philly all you have to say is a cheesesteak sandwich. 
These place has very authentic sandwiches that taste great!  1 sandwich feeds 2 people. They are as big as a 12 inch sub. The only downfall of these place is the wait, no combos and very pricey, I guess they know it's a tourist town. I paid $28 dollars for 2 sandwiches a small soda, 1 small fries and a cheese pizza. The wait it's about 15-20mins.
I think they can put more effort in their expediting line. The sandwiches would come out fast but they will be sitting in the counter until the girl who is responsible for complete ring the orders finishes frying one hand full of fries at a time! She literally will fill the basket with only one hand and That's all!  She had so much room to fill that basket, everyone is ordering fries why not have them ready like fast food places.
The food is good I recommend.Decided to cruise around Center City to find a cheesesteak.  Open up my Yelp application and saw that By George was one of the higher ranked restaurants in my area.  So I stopped in the Reading terminal to see how theirs compared to the rest.
Fantastic.  First of all, the steak was huge.  In hindsight I probably should've eaten half of it and saved the rest for later since I was so full, I couldn't move later on to do anything else.  But oh well.  Tons of meat and I got mine loaded up with mushrooms.  I didn't order fries or anything but the steak alone was enough for a full meal.  
Cheesesteak and a drink was about 12 dollars which isn't bad.  It's tons of restaurants in the Reading Terminal but if you want a real good cheesesteak, stop by here.I ordered a cheesesteak with cheese sauce and my wife ordered one with sharp provolone.  I had never had a " Philly" cheesesteak, but am pretty sure a Steak-Um sandwich would be just as good.  It was very bland and unfulfilling.  The onion rings were good, crispy and greasy.  The girl taking the orders seemed annoyed to be working there, but in her defense, she seemed to be carrying the load there.I've shopped at Iovine Bros for years and finally decided to try By George! today for the first time. It always looks delicious and had tons of great reviews, but I wasn't impressed with my chicken parm platter with baked ziti. It was fine - standard pizza shop fare. Nothing special at all. The chicken tasted like regular old fried grease. The ziti was fine. 
I only ate half for lunch and then the rest for dinner. It tasted a little better this evening. Still, it's mediocre at best. Maybe some of their other dishes are better, but I'm not sure I'll spend my money there again with all the other great options in the city. Plus, my own cooking is way better. 
I realize Reading Terminal Market is the place to go for tourists to try all kinds of food under one roof. Since I'm not a tourist and have a foodie palate, I'll stick to my tried and true favorites.i don't care what anyone says, this spot has the best cheese steaks in philly!  properly situated in the reading terminal market, where you will find pleasure in partaking in all of the joys of an eclectic farmers' market!  thank me later...Pizza steak was the best! Way better than DiNic's and Jim's.First time in philly I had high hopes for this cheesesteak but it was too salty I only took a bite.. Make sure to ask them to go easy on the salt and then it might be good.We were in town for the Lightfair International trade show and the Reading market was packed with people. We almost gave up on the long lines and the overwhelming choices when I spotted this display of sandwiches/hoagies/subs/footlongs/whatever you want to call them.  (see picture 11). We had three different sandwiches and all three were just delicious! Excellent meats, flavorful fresh mozzarella, and veggies from the farmers market all inside a variety of thick, crusty breads. Perfect.I got the chicken parmesan, which may have been a dumb choice, but it wasn't very good. It was about $9 for not so good piece of chicken covered in sauce and a slice of cheese. If I were to go back to Reading Terminal I try something else.Went there again a few weeks back for lunch.  Drove down from NYC and took my crew (Tony the D and two bland Irish guys) there.   Had two tomato slices (one square, one regular) and broccoli rabe.  Pay attention to that because that's how a man orders his lunch, jackass!
The service was very solid, helpful and pleasant....that counts for a lot!
I love this place...wish we had it in NY.An very avg cheesesteak.  Only got it because it was in redding terminal.  
You can find better.  I've heard their pizza is better.I'm not a Philly native or cheesesteak expert, but this hit the spot! My friend and I both decided a cheesteak was a must during our business trip and with limited free time, we decided to hit the Reading Terminal Market in search of authentic Philly flavor. It just so happened this is the first place we came across and the moderate line, delicious aromas and a great Yelp rating made us decide to make this our choice. We opted to share one, provolone wit (with provolone cheese and grilled onions), with a side of their fresh cut fries. That and a couple of waters ran us about $16, so not a bad deal, considering we were in the heart of a tourist-filled area. The guy who took our order rang us up on a side register to speed things up, and was super friendly and helpful as we ordered. He gave us directions where to wait and pick up or order. Food was ready in less than 5 minutes and we took it to the seating area to enjoy. This cheesesteak was HUGE! The meat was flavorful and the onions and cheese complimented it perfectly. The fries were fresh cut and delicious as well, although I had to stop before we could finish them all. I recommend getting a few extra napkins if you aren't into messes, and be prepared to smell a little oniony the rest of the day. That said, it was totally worth the cheesesteak hands and we were so glad we stopped when we did!!By George! has been there for me through every lasagna hankering I have ever had.  For that alone, I would be a big fan.
With a prime location right near the entrance of Reading Terminal Market, By George does a booming take out business with a menu of diverse Italian favorites ranging from slices to cold salads to fresh pastas and sauces to cook at home.  I ignored them for years figuring they probably skated by on location and were not very good.  I don't know what ever gave me that idea, but I am glad I got over it!
Their pizza is not the best in the city, but it is actually very good.  I have only had a few of the veggie salads, but they have all featured crisp (not overdone) veggies with an appropriate amount of yummy dressings.  They are also one of the few places that I have found that does excellent take-out lasagna.  The giant slab they give you would be enough to delight Garfield.  My husband seems to really like the chicken parm that I get for him when I'm having personal lasagna night, and the staff always fills the container to capacity with the "side" of linguini.
The service is quick and friendly.  The prices are great.  If you want to enjoy no-effort, delicious homestyle Italian food, but don't have a little Italian grandma to call on, give By George a try.Great thin coal oven slice of pizza.  One of the best slices of pizza in the city or in any city for that matter.  Got a cheese slice and a plain tomoato slice - most jerks kill their slices with toppings.  I'm not a jerk.  Don't you be one too.My go to place for a Philly cheesesteak. The bread is always fresh and flavourful. Fluffy inside, crunch outside. The mark of a good bread. The meat is sliced and not chopped into minuscule pieces like other joints. Plus the option of sharp provolone takes this experience to the next level. Definitely try their cheesesteak and don't bother with any other place there.IMO, the best pizza in the city. When I worked in Center City I went at least once a week for a slice or 2. All of their ingredients are fresh and  the tomato sauce is delicious. Highly recommended.Love this place!  Last time I had the cheese steak with spinach & garlic it was delish!  Today I bought some frozen ravioli to take home.  Can't wait to try it!  YUM!  Go hungry....or get something to go!The white pizza topped with mozzarella cheese was delicious: $21.99 for a pie with eight large slices.  The only downside was that we were not permitted to buy the whole pizza that had been prepared and was in the case.  We had to wait for another to be baked.  Everything that is in the case of this merchant looks fantastic. The service was lackluster.  This is not an appealing place to eat the delicious food.  While waiting for the pizza, I was pestered by a persistent panhandler.The line was confusing and no direction was being given. The employees looked miserable and were not friendly. We ordered at 4:45 on a Tuesday night, and we were disappointed that their fryer was already turned off. It says online and on their menu that they are open until 6...and it doesn't say that includes a limited menu. We were also surprised that the sandwiches came on sesame bread. After realizing, I went to request regular bread to transfer one of our cheese steaks.
It's a big sandwich if you want quantity.  I had a regular beef cheese steak, hubby has the pizza cheese steak, and our son had rigatoni. We all walked away disappointed.Your employee, Heather, seems miserable, the wedge had way too much bread compared what was inside and the price was Eh.
'Order hot food here' line---' Order pizza here' line ... Where can i get a cold sandwich?
I asked if they had a menu of wedges. No.
Can i get one custom made. No.
The woman pointed to a few wedges with signs in a, duhh don't you see what we have, sort of way. No smile, no thank you. Nothing.
I chose the Euro Wheat. If my memory service it had eggplant, mozzarella, tomato and some other items. I expected a nice hearty sandwich but i was given bread with very few off the aforementioned items inside. When every other bite is bread i tend to get upset.
The Wedge was $8.00
The tables i sat at were dirty and in a dingy looking area of the Reading Terminal Market with homeless folks walking by. Uncomfortable. 
Maybe ill try a Cheese-steak or Pizza here next time, if there is a next time.Very good cheesesteak. Would actually go back here! HUGE cheesesteaks, served a wide variety of ways- you can't go wrong.Hey! I'm a Philly native, but decided for the 4th of July weekend to book a hotel and enjoy the city. Anywho I walked around Reading Terminal Market for a good 20 minutes until I finally landed at Steaks by George. After review their Steak selection menu I asked about the Spinach, but was informed it was spicy by the cashier (I don't like spicy anything). So I went with a regular cheesesteak,  salt, pepper,  ketchup,  fried onions and mayo....I must say it was one of the BEST cheesesteaks I've ever had. They don't use the minute steak;  it's real Sirloin.  Thank you and I will be back.I've gone to bygeorge twice now, and been extremely happy on both occasions. Their cheesesteaks are massive and better than some of the more famous places farther south in the city.  Their pizza is also delicious.  I've tried just a single piece of thin crust which was fantastic.  Great buttery taste. Stromboli is also highly recommended.  Lots of pepperoni packed in there.  Lots of places to eat in reading terminal, but this is one of the best I've found.This is the best of the cheesesteaks in the Reading Market but it is stull underwhelming. The bread is mediocre, the meat is a bit overcooked, and the cheese selection comes with varying prices-tacky. The crinkle cut fries are good.by george, I think he's got it... even though few others do. 
by george does make homemade pastas, cut to order and homemade sauces, of which I did buy some to fill my pantry, along with fresh and aged cheeses, cut or grated to order. 
Pizzas can be made with whole wheat and the breads, rolls and sandwiches are fresh and very eye appealing, they also sell their freshly made pizza dough. 
They have your typical Italian market delights, like fresh mozzarella balls, roasted peppers and olives. Being in Philly they offer the cheesesteaks, as well as Italian sandwiches. 
They have frozen pastas, like ravioli to take home and fresh Stromboli and calzones, to eat there or take home and bake.  They also do catering and can be reached via bygeorgecatering@comcast.net 
Whatever, let's talk pizza! No matter where we have lived, it has taken forever to find a great pizza shop, that makes what we consider a great pizza. 
We like our crust thin and this is certainly rolled as thin as you can get it. I never thought I would say this, but it could have been a little bit thicker, so that I could pick it up and just bite, but I had to fold it NY style and slide it into my mouth bite by bite.  Still, it was a great slice of pepperoni pizza.
I love a great, non watery seasoned sauce and the sauce was a rich, homemade sauce, even though I would have preferred a few more herbs. The mozzarella was real and strung out with each bite. 
It was early, maybe a quarter til ten in the morning and I have been craving a slice of pepperoni pizza for quite some time. They knew I was coming, as they set that hot pizza, along with the others, on display on the glassed shelf. 
All kinds of great pastas and sauces to look at, many types of pizza on display before my eyes, but I was fixated on that greasy pepperoni pizza and I finally answered with, I'll have a slice of the pepperoni, please! 
A nice sized slice was paddled into their white brick oven and served to me piping hot, I mean mouth burning, five minutes of piping hot fresh pizza and I was so happy, which cost me three dollars and change. 
I was with five others, who thought it was too early for pizza, what do they know, but they walked backwards watching me walk, browse and enjoy my thin crusted, greasy pepperoni pizza. 
My daughter ended up going back for a chicken caesar on an Italian roll, with roasted peppers, caramelized onions and both spinach and romaine lettuce. 
Payback is a bitch, as I walked along side of my daughter and watched her devouring that sandwich.I was in philly yesterday attending the auto show.Since I did not want to freeze like a human popsicle eating at pats,geno's or tony lukes,I took a short walk across the street to the reading terminal market.I went to by george for a philly steak.It was good.Its not like the places I mentioned above but a great steak sandwich.I would return backOMG love this place. Their cheesesteaks are the best in the city. I like to go with someone else and get a regular cheesesteak with onions and cheese and a veggie cheesteak (all different grilled veggies with cheese) and split. So tasty!Went here because they had the shortest of all the places we tried. Boy am I glad we did!!  Cheesesteaks were great! Moist big heroes with provolone cheese. Let me not forget that we added onions which really kicked it up a notch. I don't know about the tourist trap cheesesteak places here but I do know that these were damn good and I don't know how much better you can do!,Three slices, two salads and the primavera pasta - all were delicious.
Fast and courteous service!
The place is packed for a reason.
Loved our visit and lunch!Popped in on a Tuesday for lunch with my wife while visiting the Philadelphia Flower Show. The place was a mob scene and we had to wait in line about 15 minutes to place our order. Our cheesesteaks though arrived fairly promptly after ordering but there were no places to sit inside so outside on a short wall we sat. 
Their cheesesteaks are ginormous and should really be shared by two. We forgot that and ended up not needing dinner later in the day after eating the entire sandwich. There is plenty of meat in there and it is served piping hot. We opted for the cheese whiz but you can have other more traditional cheeses instead as well as mushrooms and onions.On a recommendation from a local we got cheesesteaks from here. We ordered one with peppers & onion and one with mushroom & onion. Both with provolone cheese. I would say this is a hidden gem in the sea of the vast market area. The sandwiches had a ton of filling in them, cooked just right to where the veggies did not turn to mush, cheese melted to a consistency that coated the whole thing. I would recommend you grab your cheesesteak here if in the market
For a bite to eat. Order it the way you like, if questions they will help you make the best choice for an awesome cheesesteak experience. You will not be disappointed. This will be on my must come back to eat at list for Philadelphia.By George's! Serves An excellent cheesesteak and it consistent! I've been here at least 5 times and the cheesesteaks (and chicken cheesesteaks) and flavorful and gooey. The fries are also crispy and warm, the perfect compliment to the cheesesteak!A friend took me here for the first time saying they make the best cheesesteaks here. Obviously my friend doesn't know me very well... The lines were long and like a twisted maze with customers crossing over each other to order & pickup all within the same small 4 foot counter space. No one sure where any line started or ended, Rolls had sesame seeds on them and Fries were cooked in peanut oil. All I could taste were seeds and peanuts - I don't really care for either one. Not happy that the person handling out ready orders was only checking the receipts of people of color - "to make sure it's (your) order". Oh Okay, I will not be back.Good pasta salads and fresh mozzarella!I thought extremely long and hard before I updated this review because I generally do not bother to write reviews at all (you can clearly see I'm a new yelper) but I am so appalled and discussed at how I was treated that I need to make other patrons aware of what transpired with this business. After placing my order on 10/18/16 with one of the managers at By George, I was called on 10/20/16 to be told that the order I had left a deposit on and had a receipt for could not be fulfilled as it was promised to me. I was told by the manager that two of the items that I was promised should have been priced per person and not at a flat per pound weight. (I was told by the owner when he called me that I twisted his managers arm into giving me a cheaper price) This means that instead of receiving 3lbs of pasta salad for $29.97 and 5lbs of ceasar salad for $39.97 which is clearly what my receipt states, I would only be getting enough to fee 8-10 people when the manager and I clearly discussed that I am hosting an event for 40-50 people. The call to tell me that I would actually be receiving less product than my receipt stated was  insult #1 but to make matters 100 times worse, the owner called me approx 5 mins after I wrote the first review and basically scolded me for writing an unsatisfactory review. He did not call to apologize or to fix my screwed up order but to scold me about the first review I wrote...insult #2. Then to make matters a 1000 times worse, the owner says to me "well you have been corresponding with me, via your work email so I assume this order is for your job so I'm going to call and speak with the owner of your company about how you conduct business"..... Insult #3. (I placed this order for a personal event that my fiance and I are hosting BTW). The owner of By George  literally called my office and spoke with two of my employees and proceeded to get in contact with my supervisor to cause trouble and tell her about an order I placed that had absolutely nothing to do with my job....insult #4. To say that my service and interaction with the owner of By George was the most unethical, most unprofessional experience I have EVER had is an under statement of epic proportions. I am literally mortified that any business owner would conduct themselves in such an unsatisfactory,  unprofessional and distasteful manner.I'm no expert with philly cheese steak - this one, I really like. They make 'em fresh, use real cheese (refer to the photo: cheese is melted on top of the meat) and the beef is flavorful. They also have myriad of other food choices such as sandwiches, pizzas (?) but I only tried their cheese steak.Pizza was good. We found the employees to be quite unpleasant. We needed two different items..have to order pizza on one side...pasta on the other?  The girl taking the pizza was rude and angry that we were unable to stand in the exact spot she wanted us to in line because there were people who weren't ordering in that area. She actually made us move before she would take our order. We had to ask people to move!  The pizza was fine. Nothing I would order again.I'm a long-term fan of their pizza and calzones. I don't know if they still sell the frozen calzone, but when they did, the veggie was excellent, a very good value.  If in the Terminal, definitely try this place.Phenomenal cheesesteak. Got extra fried onions and sharp provolone and it was one of the best cheesesteaks I've had. And a bonus was that the gentlemen taking their orders were very politely. Can't wait to go back.Got the classic Philly cheesesteak with onions and mushrooms. Very flavorful and seasoned well. Nice balance of flavors and texture sesame bun. The cheese is very rich and nicely melted. Staffs are friendly as well.They catered an event for me with cold salads (mozzarella balls, pasta etc.) Very good food and decent prices.  Will use again.  I should clarify - they made the food - but I had to come pick it all up.
Still - a great option.Cheese steak is great, they literally take a fresh meat, and start cooking it in front of you! Great place to try a steak if you're visiting reading terminal!I saw one review that said the cheese-steak was "HUGE". I would call it normal, but their sodas could be bigger. The sandwich and soda was exactly $10. As with any food in the Reading Terminal, get it "to go" and find a seat.So I'm working in the Convention Center and am "limited" in what I can get for lunch on an hour...not really, there is SOOOO much greatness near the Convention Center. But the lure of the Reading Terminal is awesome!
This place ROCKS! HUGE cheesesteaks, served a wide variety of ways- you can not go wrong. I wish I lived in Philly because I'd have to try the fresh pastas and sauces. 
This place is the BOMB!!This was the first place that I had tried in Reading Terminal Market. You can buy pizza by slice. Apart from pizzas they have salads, antipasti and cheesesteaks. I tried the white chicken pizza slice and absolutely loved it. It was crispy but not crispy, with balanced seasoning. There are not many places to sit and enjoy your food in Reading, so you can step out and find a cornerToday I'm playing tourist guide, having dragged these upstate New Yorkers to the flower show and now to the Reading Terminal Market. Of course, they are clamoring for cheesesteaks, so Tourist #1 follows his nose and we end up here. I couldn't decide between some of their Italian pasta specialties (which would've been a faster option) or a cheesesteak (made from scratch). In the long run, since we weren't in a rush, we all chose cheesesteaks - one with broccoli rabe, one with mushrooms and onions, and another just plain.  Tourist #2's arm nearly went numb with the weight of bag of three cheesteaks.  I didn't pay for the meal, so I'm not sure how much everything cost, but these had to be among the biggest and meatiest cheesesteaks I've ever ordered.
It took me 3 meals to finish mine! Really good, and the fact that the Tourists didn't have to add salt or pepper or ketchup to them says a lot since this couple loves salt, pepper and ketchup.Received a dry, no flavor, tough bread cheesesteak.  The fries looked like and tasted like end of the day, dark brown oiled fries where the oil needed to be changed probably a few hours back. Lazy.  Charge too much for this crap.  Go somewhere else people.  Plenty of other food options.AMAZEBALLS!! Had the chicken philly as a first-time Philadelphia traveler. Couldn't have asked for a better cheesesteak cherry popping experience!Line was super long for the cheesesteaks. So we went to the pizza line instead. AMAZING. I got the Tomato Pie and it was great. Highly recommend.  The other two people with me loved their pizza as well.This was my first time eating from them. The pizza was the best (mushroom & italian sausage). The slices were a nice size and delish.This is one of my go to spots in the Reading Terminal. The hoagies and panini's are all delicious. My two favorite are the Capri and the Euro. Fresh made salads are also a solid option. Have never been disappointed here.The cheesesteaks are amazing here. The location is an indoor market with fun shops and other places to eat. This is the place you want your main dish to come from - the cheesesteaks were the best I've ever had.First time in Philly this place came highly recommended. The meat was good. Not enough cheese and the sandwich looks nothing like the pictures...skimpy .....WHERE's the Meat?You are probably eating a cheesesteak at By George because you are at the Reading Market and the line for a Carmen's cheesesteak is already 50 deep and you are not about waiting for 30 minutes or more for a sandwich.
We had a Carmen's cheesesteak over the summer and I am a bit perplexed by its popularity. Perhaps its the location ... front and center of the market in the highest traffic spot ... which makes it so popular. After all, would dozens of people really line up if it wasn't worth the wait? Or so the thought goes. If there is a line, it must be good. (We found Carmen's to be an average cheesesteak ... however did not try their specialty, The Franklin, which is famously made with cream cheese, sauteed onions and cheese whiz.)
The line at By George was only 4 people deep. It felt less like "the soup nazi" when ordering and I will verify the rumor that these do in fact seem to be the largest cheesesteaks in Reading Market. The sandwich is huge and stuffed with meat. We actually probably would have split one if we knew the size ahead of time.
At $12, it wasn't a terribly expensive sandwich. Not cheap but I think for the size, a fair price. The biggest problem I had with it was the sesame seed bun which had sort of a burnt-ish taste due to the sesame seeds. I'd much prefer a regular old white hoagie roll which didn't overpower the sandwich the way that the sesame seed bun did.
The other issue I had was the opposite of the overpowering bun. The meat was bland. Under seasoned ... with no salt and pepper in the bag, the sandwich meat didn't shine. It didn't have that meaty salty flavor. And the American Cheese they used turned into a white liquid which dripped from the sandwich into an opaque river. It wasn't gooey and melty. More like liquified.
I wasn't a fan at all of the red peppers which added a sweet note and there were very few mushrooms or onions in the sandwich. It was mostly bland meat and liquidy cheese.
Would I go back to By George? Probably if I was hungry and wanted the biggest portion of cheesesteak. I'd get the provolone cheese next time and make sure to thoroughly salt and pepper the sandwich. Would I take a first time visitor to Philly here for their first cheesesteak experience? No.
I have a few other spots to try cheesesteaks at. I've done Pat's, Gino's, Carmens. Next up is Campos (outside the market) or one of the others inside the market ... one started with the letter S and promised the greasiest cheesesteak in the market. When it comes to cheesesteaks ... can you really go wrong though?I'm convinced after many visits that By George has the best pizza in the city. I go there with my boyfriend for lunch on our days off even if we are no where near it.  I've never ever had pizza I didn't like-- recently I tried the chicken with ricotta and roasted red peppers. MmM. So flavorful, so thin. I wish they would open another location not inside the Reading Terminal so they could be open later.Someone I love brought me a cheesesteak.  All the way from Philly.  On a bus, no less.  And then I refrigerated it.  And then I heated it up.  Yet, this was a masterpiece cheesesteak!  Wonderfully juicy, replete with pungent onions and rich provolone cheese.  Can you imagine how good this would have been right off the griddle?  Only $8.00!We ordered the (1)cheesesteak with grilled onions and mushrooms, (2) cheese lasagna with (3) chicken meatballs, and (4) sausage with grilled peppers. Cheesesteak was AMAZING! The philly experience I was hoping for!! lasagna was also pretty good! Wished we got the beef lasagna, the chicken meatball and the sausage were slightly disappointing because they were both on the dry side. Not bad, but not as great as the cheesesteak or lasagna. If I got it again, I would ask for some spaghetti sauce on top. I will be back!By George was the first stop for me when I arrived in Philly for the first time. I wanted to check out the Reading Terminal Market and was craving some Italian food after my flight. I saw the huge display of Italian goods in front of me and decided to get the baked ziti. It was a bit pricey, because the portion I got was a smaller carryout container, but I figured it would be good due to the high ratings on Yelp. When I ate the ziti it had a good flavor, but the pasta got really soggy and was breaking apart in the sauce. Also, what got me the most was the excessive amount of cheese that was in the dish. I refused to consume that much cheese after I ate all the pasta. I am not exaggerating, it was at least two pounds of cheese in the container. I tossed the almost $10 "ziti" and was fairly disappointed.When going to Philly, everybody says you have to go to Pat's or Geno's for a cheesesteak. But I would skip both of those and make sure you go to By George! at Reading Terminal Market. 
The cheesesteak I had was huge! And rather than having this big pile of meat sitting there waiting for people to order, their cheesesteak sandwiches are made to order. So when you get them, the bread is warm, the cheese is gooey and melted and it tastes great. 
Definitely worth it.Let me explain first that I'm not from Philadelphia so I never tried a Phili cheesesteak. As a tourist who wanted to try one I decided to come here since it was local. Personally I thought the cheesesteak was okay, I don't care for cheesesteaks in general however the price was cheap and the other foods looked absolutely amazing! I would recommend trying this place weather getting a cheesesteak or any other mealGreat stuff here, I can really only speak on the pepperoni stromboli I had, but honestly, everything looks good here. Stromboli was good, meaty, cheesy, and crust was the way I liked. I would definitely eat here again, and recommend this spot at reading terminal to anyone in the mood for some good italian food.I had lunch at By George yesterday, and the food was DISGUSTING.  How this place ever got any good reviews is beyond me.  I had the chicken parm sandwich.  It had an enormous hunk of chicken, must have been at least an inch and a half think, not a cutlet, and it was tough and chewy.  Breading on the chicken parm was soggy and mushy, as was the roll.  My companion had a chicken cheese steak that he said was mediocre at best.  Avoid this place.Although it was our plan to try both Pat's and Geno's for an authentic cheesesteak while in Philad'a, upon the advice of the concierge at our hotel, we did not venture out to either of these places.  And I am soooo thankful to her for steering us away from those "tourist traps".  We ended up finding our own way inside of the Reading Terminal Market.  Upon entering the building during a weekday lunch time, we saw a veritable ocean of people.  Given the crowds, we stopped at the first place we passed that had "cheesesteaks" on their menu board, and we ordered one cheesesteak (to share) with onions and sharp Provolone.
We then waited across from their order counter for our number to be called up amidst the stream of people.  Next, we found a couple of chairs open to sit down at a table and tear into our sandwich.
Oh my, Dog!  I was launched into a tasty sandwich heaven (!), a place previously unknown to me.  The sandwich was piled with thinly sliced beef prepared on the griddle with plenty of onions and then topped with a melted sharp Provolone - all on a long and narrow sesame-seeded roll.  It was pure and excellent.
Out there, they say the bread/roll makes all the difference.  I'm going to believe that for the time being.
Now, how am I gonna go about getting a fantastic cheesesteak here in the St. Paul/Minneapolis area?
I will definitely return to this very spot for another cheesesteak during my next trip to Philadelphia.This is a pretty neat place inside of a pretty neat place. This was my first Cheesesteak in the city of Philly so that is all that I can judge on and it was pretty good!
There wasn't much to service as you get in line, order then wait and the staff seemed to work hard and get everyone through as fast as possible and was cordial, although everyone was "buddy". How about a "pal", or "friend"? Just kidding
Anyway's while I was waiting for my cheesesteak I looked around for what else was in the stall and they seem to know how to make sandwiches. If I was in town longer I would definitely stop in there more to try more of the fare. WOW. Even the pizza looked great, but I only have one stomach and the way it's going now wouldn't be helped by more food. 
Thanks again guys.Would've given 4 stars but the meat on my cheesesteak could've used more seasoning. Fries were Soso. Ordered seasoned fries but not much season in them. Granted it was heavy lunchtime when I arrived. Overall, if you're hungry and have a taste for a sub stop by. But it won't be the best philly has to offer. The rolls were really good and soft.Stopped by here on my lunch break the other day and ordered a slice of tomato pie. It was a huge end piece (my favorite) which had an airy dough crust which toasted up in the oven crispy before they served it. The sauce had so much flavor, and was a tad sweet. This is my new favorite tomato pie!!Loved our cheesesteaks. By the length of the line, we imagined they had to be good. I ordered mine with roasted hot peppers which were definitely super spicy, and I love spicy. I had to leave them off the second half of my sandwich because my lips were on fire.It's been several years since I had an authentic Philly cheesesteak.  Was visiting Philadelphia for a convention and stopped by here for food.
I took a bite, then told my friend to put her food down and try some of this cheesesteak, because it was so amazing.  Best cheesesteak of her life!
Good ratio of cheese to steak with a properly heated bun.  Delicious and generous portioned.  Loved it.  Worth the stop.I crave the tomato pie from By George. This would be on my last supper tray. Sweet sauce, perfect crust, not too doughy. Insanely good. I'm Addicted. 
The line is long but moves quickly. I've also tried the cheesesteak Stromboli which is outstanding along with their grilled chicken and Caesar salad. That chicken is seasoned to perfection. Superb. 
Don't shy away from the line and don't miss this little gem tucked in the south east corner of the market. The very best place to eat in my book. Everything is fresh and wonderful. 
I only wish they partnered with grubhub or cavier to deliver. I'd pay extra.Walked around the reading terminal and decided to try the Philly cheesesteak here. Husband got it with egg inside. Pretty good! Maybe not our favorite, but it was still really satisfying. Bread was just a little too hard for our liking.  But there was a lot of meat stuffed inside, with lots of melted cheesy goodness. 
We were there pretty early on a Tuesday morning, so there was no line. Walked right on up and ordered. Food came out quick too!Pretty good.  Better than Pats and Genos.  Have to try others to compare.Good cheesesteak and the Italian food items looked appetizing, also.  Plus, the line moved quickly for a cheesesteak and lots of options.You guys. Seriously. YOU MUST TRY THE VEGGIE STEAK. Look, I am not even a real vegetarian, and on the past Saturday when I was touring the market with family, I was seriously on the verge of breaking down and ordering something meaty like the rest of them - delicious meats were all around, and the smell from By George was SO tempting. But wait a minute: at the last second I spied a small, unassuming sign inviting me to "Try Our Veggie Steak", with a huge list of delicious veggies underneath. I realized that this list wasn't an "options" list, it was literally a list of ALL THE THINGS that the sandwich contained, and it was MASSIVE: mushrooms, broccolini, red onion, spinach, bell peppers, hot peppers, and SO MANY MORE - I can't even remember, it was a huge list. And the list included cheese. I was sold. My dining companions got their cheesesteaks, and I got my veggie steak (promptly prepared before our eyes), and we retired to the central tables to judge for ourselves. O. M. G. Within a bite, I knew this was one of the sandwich highlights of my life. It was stuffed, over stuffed even, with goodness. Melty cheese. Perfectly sauteed veg. ACTUAL SPICE. Like, legitimately hot peppers. I promise you, this is a sandwich that needs no meat. No exaggeration. By George, I will be seeing you again soon - get the veggies ready!!!Making the cheesesteaks fresh to order is the way to go and worth the wait.  This is one of the best places in Philly to get cheesesteaks.  Meat is plentiful, tender, flavorful and the provolone adds so much. The unique part of this steak is the sesame roll. Love it!Made my order for me. Asked all the right questions. And they nailed my order. I appreciated the customer service and the wait wasn't too long at all taking into consideration all the people in front of me and in line. Will definitely revisit.A slice of cheese pizza in the brick oven is delicious!! It's a little on the pricey side for just a slice of cheese but it is pretty darn good! The crust was so crispy and they have good sauce and cheese. If the price was a little cheaper, I could give it another star.When we went to this place there was a long wait - not only to order but also to pick up your food as well. But once we bit into our cheesesteak sandwiches, we could immediately tell why this place is so popular. I've never liked cheesesteak sandwiches and this was the first time I enjoyed one. Worth the wait and I will be buying again whenever I'm back!Been to a few famous and popular spots in Philly for some cheesesteaks, and this Reading Terminal Market vendor is probably my favorite for the classic!
I went with the classic cheesesteak with whiz and onions.  Love the whiz here.  It is beneath the protein so when you bite into the sandwich, after your tongue go through the hoagie, you hit the cheese!  Onions are nicely caramelized, and there's a ton of steak.  It's not dry like many places either.  
I also tried it once with bacon added to it.  Definitely a must if you like bacon to bring it to the next level!
Since this is also an Italian food joint, the cheesesteak with the marinara is solid.  I tried a bit of my coworkers and even though it is heavy with the meat, cheese, and the red sauce, it is one hella savory cheesesteak!  Get it with the provolone!
There's other cheesesteak spots in the market itself, and all with much longer lines than By George.  Save some time and come here!I ordered the veggie steak, and it was way too spicy. I didn't expect that since cheesesteaks aren't usually spicy, unless I'm mistaken. But the worst part was I also bit into a stick--yes, a chunk of wood. I don't know where that came from or why they would use it in the kitchen. Terrible experience.Oh man, real philly cheesesteaks! Finally!
I always wanted to try a real philly cheesesteak ever since the craze began for me about 10 years ago. Personally I haven't been to Philly since around 2003, so it's been a long time coming. I know there are better locations, but I wanted one that's in the Center City and accessible to public transit...in which this location seemed to fit well.
We ordered the mushroom and onion (something like that?) cheesesteak, and damn it was a footlong! I had to split it amongst 3 people, and even that I barely finished it. It was packed with juicy beef, topped with some of the best cheese I've ever had! We also had the beef lasagna, which...let's put it this way, I could've done without. Nothing special and I've had better lasagna, that's for sure.
Mmm. Now I'm craving cheesesteaks again. Too bad nobody does it like the city of origin.I had some guests in from the U.K. and we visited the Reading Terminal Market for lunch. My friend and his 21 year old son wanted to try Cheese Steak so I asked some workers at the Reading Terminal who had the best Cheese Steak. The answer was a unanimous By George!
The line was fairly long but moved quickly We placed our order and were given a number. I told my guests to avoid the Cheese Wiz and we went with real cheese. I am not a big fan of the wiz.
Our cheese steaks were massive. My friend and myself split one and we were both full. My friend's son managed to eat his whole sandwich on his own! The roll was very good and fresh and the sandwich was not soggy at all. The meat was well seasoned and chopped up a bit which i like. I really do prefer it this way also over the larger pieces of steak served at Genos, etc. I was pleasantly surprised how great tasting this Cheese Steak was.
Tables were hard to come by on a Saturday just before Christmas, but after a short wait we found one. I love the Reading Terminal, my father used to bring my family here when we were small children. It still has the same feel but they have done a nice job keeping it updated and vibrant. It is a must see when visiting Philadelphia and if you want a pretty darn good Cheese Steak, try By George!Visiting from out of town- there are many options for cheesesteak- we could have gone to the two famous places- but we went with something close by and had no regrets- although no cheese sauce- we got it with American- they are huge and filled full- we split one- very cheesy and tasty- chewy roll- we added grilled onions- also love the old bay seasoned fries- very enjoyable and staff friendly- we timed it perfectly and no long linesWanted to get our cheesesteak fix while in philly and this fit the need.
Like the use of high quality semolina bread instead a cheap hoagie roll.
People complimented how good my sandwich looked as they walked by.
It was pretty decent. I would go back.Five stars for their vegetarian broccoli rabe "cheesesteak"! The line is long and the Terminal was insanely difficult to maneuver during peak times, but it was worth it just for this sandwich. Bonus- the line is right next to the banana pudding lady, so samples kept me happy while I waited. So good, we made it here twice during our three day stay.Now this gets a 4 star because this place never claimed to be a "cheese steak" place.... and because their food is out of this world. I Want to make it clear this isn't a normal "Philadelphia Cheese steak place"... this is more of ... "woah that pizzeria makes really good cheese steaks but I wouldn't go there to experience Philadelphia  cheese steaks." Confusing ? Not to a foodie like me. I work across the street a lot at the convention center and this is my go to spot in the terminal in my lunch break. This isn't the quality you get at Oregon steaks or Genos' but I promise you this place is a must try. They make up for meat quality by quantity and make a LOADED sandwich that you Probally won't be able to finish (I have but that's because I am not a typical foodie, I lack self control when it comes to food.) That being said when this 3 pound sandwich came out with the beautiful seeded bread soaked in juice form the steak and onions and peppers with a cup of perfectly golden crinkle fries... my day got a lot better. This is by far the best cheese steak in the market YEA I SAID IT! By definitely not the best cheese steak in Philadelphia.I ordered the pizza cheesesteak, and it was dry and didn't have any cheese! Or none that I could see. This was my second visit to By George, and the first time was really good. I was raving about it! I called in to complain and the guy who answered acted like he couldn't hear me and hung up on me! I called back immediately and they let it go to voicemail. I left a message, so I'm hoping someone will have the decency to return my call. I live out of state and I had plans on bringing my mom here next month. I am so disappointed in the lack of effort and professionalism. Please check your order before leaving because I was confident that I would have a similar experience from my first visit. I am attaching a pic of the same sandwich, so you can see the difference! Poor customer service and poor quality! Not worth $12!This is the best cheesesteak In Philly located in the reading terminal market. Bread is super fresh, meat is juicy and delicious and the cheese selection is awesome. The best is the homemade cheese sauce, you can tell it's homemade and isn't some "whiz". Don't get me wrong philly, I do love a "whiz wit" but this steak takes the cake for me!
Go there, order one with homemade cheese sauce and caramelized onions, you won't regret it!Came here for a cheesesteak with sharp provolone, peppers and onions.  I'll say that it was pretty good, but not mind blowing.  The meat was a little dry, and it wasn't quite as flavorful as other cheesesteaks I've had.  But that's kind of splitting hairs: it was still pretty tasty, and maybe my expectations were just too high.I had the Chipotle Cheesesteak.
Seriously good stuff! I wish I had more time to come back and try the pasta they make. It looks like it's all homemade.
The guy who too the order was very cool and helpful. I walked the Reading Terminal looking for breakfast and decided that a Cheesesteak would be the best option on my last day in Philly.
I highly recommend this place and pretty much anything in the reading terminal.Pretty good cheese steak. The roll with the sesame seeds was a bit overwhelming and not really soft.I have never been a huge fan of Philly Cheesesteaks, but of course I had to get one on my first trip to Philly. By George is in the very cool marketplace, surrounded by other food and drink stalls. They cook the meet on a flat top grill, so it has good heat and texture, and they use real cheese instead of that fake liquid stuff. Plus, their sesame hoagie is excellent. Overall, I get it now, while I still prefer other sandwiches, the meat was delicious and the portion huge. Good spot for your traditional Philly Cheesesteak.Best cheesesteaks in Philadelphia! I've tried cheesesteaks from all the "best" places, especially the ones in South Philly. Every person (even Philly natives) I recommend to By George is surprised at how flavorful, large, and delicious the cheesesteak is! They chop and flavor thee meat so it's not bland and add in whatever cheese you want (I like American). The price is reasonable for the quantity and that's why it's the best cheesesteak in Philly!THEY LEFT THE CHEESE OFF OUR PHILLY CHEESESTEAK SANDWICHES.   I don't know if we just visited on an off day or something, but they were a mess the day we were there.  It was NOT overly crowded, but the workers  seemed frazzled, unfriendly, and downright forgetful.  They didn't include the garlic aioli sauce we paid extra for.  Luckily we noticed that before we left and were able to get that.   Unfortunately we ran to get back to our car before we opened our sandwiches and realized that they had left the cheese off all three of our sandwiches.  The lack of cheese made the meat dry and I frankly couldn't even choke down half of mine.  Add to that that the bread was a soggy unpalatable mess, and I would have to rate this as one of the worst Philly cheesesteaks we've had.   And we've tried a lot  so that's saying something!   If you're looking for a good authentic Philly cheesesteak, definitely keep looking somewhere besides here!I was in reading terminal with an infant the day after Thanksgiving, my husband went to wait in line at Denic's...which had about 50-60 people waiting.  My child was hungry, so I went to By George! to get a slice of pizza.  With 5 people in line and 2 people serving pizza, it took around 20 minutes to get one slice of cheese pizza....19 minutes in line with 5 other people ordering pre-made slices.  
By time I made it back to Denic's, my husband had finished half of his sandwich!  The best part, the two guys at the By George station next to the pizza counter with nothing to do and no customers that didn't help.  I live in Philly, and there are plenty of pizza places that will serve you better pizza that won't take an hour.I made an exception to my vegan diet and had a Veggie Cheesesteak with melted provolone. The combination of chopped broccoli, onions, mushrooms and peppers was great. Bread was soft and soaked with luscious grilled veggie juices.The philly cheese steaks were really good but I asked for extra cheese and I didn't get that and when I talked to the server again he was very rude and insisted that he added more and just walked away from meThis was the messiest cheesesteak that I ate during my trip.  Their homemade cheese sauce was amazing!  I'd go back just for their cheese sauce.  The onions were a bit underdone and some still had a crunch to them.  The meat was just okay.