Before I tell you how completely AWFUL this place is... let me at least say one nice thing about it... the hookah is OK. ALRIGHT, now that that is over with--- WOW. The staff here are insanely rude and pretentious, and I am not exactly sure why. I went on a saturday night with three of my girlfriends. We were all being extremely polite, but we were met at the door by the bouncer who was a complete joke- such a douche. Then our waitress was completely rude and seemed bothered that she had to lift a finger. Before she even sat us down she said, "You cant be here unless you are going to drink." UH YEAH.... Its 11pm on saturday and we are at a bar... we are going to drink, thanks! (paid about $12 for a single vodka and pineapple). We ordered a hookah (which like I said was OK, it lasted about 40 minutes between the 4 of us). After the waitress brought our first round of drinks and the hookah, she didnt come back to check on us for atleast half an hour... ha! And we were right by the cash register/entrance! She was terrible. If my friends werent so nice, the girl would have gotten a big fat ZERO dollar tip. She deserved it.... how do you expect to make any money when you act like a total brat? Blows my mind. It is really a shame, I love hookah bars, but me and my friends will 100% NEVER be going back to this hell hole.Never eaten here but for hanging out and smoking hookah this place is great! Attentive servers and good music but gets really packed and loud. Really enjoy this place!This was my first time here, visiting from California. Very welcoming environment, the young lady Linda was very helpful and inviting, she had wonderful recommendations as far as food and hookah. Would definitely come back!Very cool hookah spot. The decor is exotic with a club feel. The bar seats over ten people and the table area seats over 25 seats. There is a DJ in the evenings and the music is always energetic. The hookahs always taste smooth and the chambers always taste clean. The menu is mainly Lebanese with some Greek and Italian options. The hummus, baba ganoush, tabouli and fatoush are really delicious. Some of the best Mediterranean eats in center city. The servers are very attentive and bring you plenty of hot pita bread for your food. This place is great for dinner, hookah, drinks, and lounging.  I highly recommend.When I think of Hookah, I think of this place. I've been coming here for awhile throughout the years; but every since numerous hookah spots have started to emerge, I've decided to go elsewhere. The price of their hookah is high compared to others, and it's always CROWDED! The only thing they've got going is the location! This spot def appeals to college kids & ppl who aren't familiar with the city.If you're tired of the same ol' bar/club scene & want to feel like you made a mini-vacay somewhere where there's a touch of mystery & sensuality in the air (... literally), I'd recommend Byblos!  ;  )    My boyfriend & I went mid-week & after coming to Byblos on a Saturday night (yesterday) I would recommend a midweek visit.  As my fellow Yelpers mentioned it gets craaaaaaaaazy crowded in this quaint, funky spot located on 18th St.  On Saturday I brought one of my best gals from college to check it out as she never smoked a hookah before & she wanted to give it a go, especially after I raved about how much fun I had the first time I went.
Well, despite the insane crowd, we indulged in the yummy (yes yummy) smoke of the Peach flavored Hookah & we both gave it a thumbs up!  It's a fun way to bond with folks, switching out your plastic tip, but then passing & sharing the hose/pipe piece... you get a rhythm going & find yourself passing the hose every eight (well... okay, every sixteen) count of the eclectic, thumping beats!  ;  )
Midweek with Mr. Boyfriend was extra dope because due to the smaller crowd we had our own stools & had room to try their shrimp tempura sushi which was muy delicioso!  (And I'm a tough sushi critic these days after being trained (& fed) by one Madame Saito who was my trainer that led me to earn 1st place in the annual sushi competition during The Subaru Japanese Cherry Blossom Festival... wheeeew, did you get all of that?!?!)  ;  )  I think we had the Mango hookah that night, but I loved the Peach & this guy that came & talked to my friend & I let us try his Melon hookah & that seemed very tasty & smooth as well.  (Gotta love those plastic tips so you can make friends & try other flavors, hint hint!...   It pays to be nice & not stuck up!  Take notes people!) 
My boyfriend & I were sitting next to a super sweet gentleman who instantly became a pal & just so happened to be a brain surgeon (Hey Dr. B. if you're reading this)!  Raaaandom, I know, but it made the night all the more interesting.  I also met these two couples at the end of the bar who were really friendly as well.  One of the gals was from Detroit & just moved to the city & was getting accustomed to the city & we ended up exchanging numbers to hang out there again!  (Yeeeah, too bad my new phone had a hiccup & I lost all my numbers the next day, womp.)  ; (  Tammy, if you're reading this I didn't forget you, I just couldn't reach you mama!  ; )
It's safe to say... if you are a person that with the right music, the right people, & an overall chill vibe you can have a great time, you're good as gold at Byblos!  
The only drawbacks I would say might affect you on any night would be the fact that it can get really crowded so if you're the hermit crab type & like your 3 ft. of personal space to "Diva Out", then DEFINITELY go midweek.  It's also a tip to use the facilities before you leave home.  You don't have to worry about waiting in line for the one restroom per gender & you don't have to worry about leaving your drink unattended or losing your spot at the bar/table/on the floor!  ;  )  
This is a place where if you have an open mind to something you weren't exposed to in your day-to-day life growing up you can feel comfortable to bathe in it here.  I was with my boyfriend the 1st time here & at one point I was standing behind him while he took his turn sitting on "our" stool.  So it was a surprise to have a gentleman, who I hadn't even spoken to (yet) that night, swoop me up into his circle of friends to show me a wonderful dance.  
He reached out & grabbed my hand & everyone stood side by side then he showed me some of the steps with such great enthusiasm, it was awesome!  (Apparently that track was his jam!  Haha!  Everyone got amped & started clapping & cheering when it came on!)  My wonderful boyfriend just turned around & watched the magic happen.  (Any other guy probably would've had a fit!)  ;  )   He knows I love all types of dance & learning about new cultures so we were both laughing it up, hey, I got a free dance class... score!  Hahahaha! 
And as for the fellas, I must say, there was the most gorgeous, exotic (for lack of a less cliche word right now) trim, sassy young woman there who swooped up all of the spunky ladies when HER songs came on.  She was hypnotizing to watch as she shimmied & snaked in circles & brought out our inner frisky side.  Meeee-ow!  I can't place her exact ethnicity (sorry!), but it was great to bond with other women in the spirit of fun!  Everyone is so busy trying to be the aloof Paris Hilton clones these days, but here even my blondies were getting down & chatting with everyone!  ;  )  We really lucked out by meeting some cool people both visits & I'm sure to return again & again!  I haven't been on a night where there are belly dancers, but I'm excited to read here from a fellow Yelper that they're expanding!  
P.S. I went & bought a hookah for my house today too! ; )Good music, ambiance and great food!! 
Also a great hookah place. I'll go back soon to try other favors.
Looking forward to going back again!!Hands down the best Paella I've ever had !!! 
When I first saw the serving I thought there was no way I can finish it, but I sure did! 
It's not your typical Paella which I do not mind because I hate Mussels & Snails (which I tend to pick out)!
I also tried their mint hookah which was pretty good!
The drinks are cheap compared to NY prices,  You can't beat $9 for JW black label. 
I hope to come here again soon!
***PS*****  last call for alcohol is 1:30....  womp womp, the party starts in NY at 1:30Food was good. I ordered the Shawarma sandwich and it was pretty good. Chicken Caesar salad was great too. Hookah was good, not a lot of smoke but we tried the white grape. The service could've been a little better but over all good.Low-brow dive, shady characters behind and at the bar, rumors of mob ties, fights, pros...utes, coat check I wouldn't use unless I was tired of the coat....just a seedy sad den of Satan situated in City CenterThis place is hands down a  good time! Where else can you go for hookah, belly dancers and middle eastern techno? Please tell me because I have no idea, but they have it here! We also enjoyed top of line Don P champagne, delicious cakes and prime mixed drinks.Despite the website saying you can reserve at 11pm and 12am...you can only reserve before 10pm.  Good thing I called because no one from their "events team" even contacted me to let me know of their mistake on their end. Currently looking at other hookah places that accommodate and have accurate information.Passable hookah bar and lounge in Center City Philadelphia.
Being a student, you're often constrained for planning your nights out on the town by how well your bank accounts are going.  Luckily, we were able to plan a fun night out with the guys without breaking the bank.  After going to the famed Ranstead Room, we decided to go to Village Whiskey for their famed burgers.  Alas, being confronted by a 2.5 hour wait and an AMEX Concierge that was not really helping, we had to move on.  As we walked towards another one of our favorite joints (Good Dog on 15th Street), we happened to walk past Babylos and decided to try it out.
The food was passable, at best.  The kabobs were okay; apparently the chicken was a lot better than the lamb, but the Spanakorizo (veggies w/ rice and feta cheese) was quite good.  
Apparently the jasmine hookah shared by some members of our group was quite good as well.  It did last the entire time that we were there, and they came and added fresh coal as needed.
That being said, everything is way too overpriced for the quality, and it was rather disappointing.  Many other places in the city give you a lot more for a lot less.Went here for lunch on a Friday and it was pretty decent.  Just two of us, but there was only one waitress so the service took a lonnng time.  Gyros were ok, needed more testiki (sp?) sauce!!  We loved the music and atmosphere though.  Sat in the window by the big stained glass, on comfy benches, and there was a fruity smell of hookah rolling throughout the place.Really small place. Food is a bit pricey but good. Had come for hookah but didnt like it that much. Flavors were too mild. The place really gets crowded near the bar. Feel sad for the Dj who is stationed right in front of the rest rooms. DJ was nice, played different songs - international too..For hookah or Mediterranean food,  this place wasn't even close to good for the price.The place is not well furnished, the interior was old and out of shape. The hookah was way too strong, not to mention the waiter was sooooo mean and took soooo long to respond to everything. 
To prepare the hookah, the waiter was supposed to look at the charcoal and take it right away while getting red. Maybe bc of too many customers, the waiter didn't take care of our hookah at all. Our hookah was totally burned, so I breathed lots of smoke and cough a lot. 
For the price I paid for the drinks and everything, I really expected a bet wet service than that! Gave them zero tip and never coming back again.
In old cities..you can find much better hookah bars with better decorations, services, and especially hookah...If you don't try to get to know the staff and their awesome personalities, you're missing out on a lot. 
Every body here is friendly and attentive to your needs and wishes. I'm not a fan of some nights with the loud club music atmosphere, but I love the Eurocentric theme they have going on. The Hookahs are massive and clean while the drinks are strong. Definitely in the higher price range, but fun overallWell not a surprise rude waitress is on the menu. I used to frequent this place often and for many years. Even came for my birthday dinner one year. But recently I must say the service sucks and it's going down. Older now, I look at those things and especially when you are spending your money(pricey adding hookah, food, and drinks) here you expect that. I even left a message for her on the receipt on why her tip sucked and she just showed a fellow coworker and laughed, not apology or anything.I'm from Las Vegas and was visiting Philadelphia bc of an exam I had to take. After that tiring experience I was looking for a good hookah place/bar to smoke and have a few drinks. It was a Thursday evening and it was moderately crowded - meaning there were some places to sit still. First thing I noticed after we sat down was the music - primarily because I DJ. It was hip hop night, which is cool, but the DJ was meh...I mean he could mix some songs together, but some transitions were horrid, off beat, and crappy. I'm not going to talk shit on him bc I understand that maybe it was an off night for said DJ, but it definitely spoiled the mood a bit for me.
The waitress that seated us was nice at the beginning, but became kinda bitchy after she came back to take our order and we weren't ready yet. In fact, she handed us off to a completely different waitress to take our order haha....so D- for attitude and friendliness. Sorry, but I'm not sorry.
We ordered blue mist (starbuzz) as the flavor. Ok, now here is where I'm annoyed. Blue Mist in LAS VEGAS is $13-18 with COCONARA coals; not that quick lite charcoal crap. Paying nearly $30 for starbuzz hookah that has the quick light coals is honestly ridiculous. Hey well maybe its downtown philly and maybe thats normal, but I was in shock. Whatever, I wanted to smoke so at that point I didn't really make a big deal out of it. The experience in itself was alright - flavor was great and we had some good smoke, but then again the quick lights just weren't cutting it for me. 
The drinks were good...they were pretty generous with the alcohol and I'm grateful for that haha. 
Would I come here again if I visit philly? Yeah probably if its my last resort, but management should consider switching coals to coconara at least; that way they stay lit for a long time, less coal changes, better smoke, and better experience for the customers.
Oh and btw, there were two bouncers...one was really tall and was standing inside, and the other was outside. The guy inside was cool and was helpful when we asked where the good clubs for later that night were at....The guy outside was a complete asshole and should get laid ASAP.Good service, a good selection of food. If you go here the best way to travel is by Uber. Forget about parking in center city!I just went here tonight on a Weds night, it wasn't too crowded but still enough people there for it to be lively.  20-25$ per hookah... is kinda expensive... maybe like 10-15$ would be more reasonable.  We had a 50% student discount for drinks which was awesome! The byblotini was pretty good. The music was good for like the first 30 minutes.. but got repetitive really fast, and it did not help that we were right next to the speakers.
Other than that... i would def still come back to this place to hookah.Ok so I have read soo many reviews about this place. I was in town on business and figured I would give it a try, I tend to crave arabic food while on my travels. First... Do not come here if your craving traditional arabic food with an arabic atmosphere. The dj plays about 2-4 heavy rap (camron, dr dre, biggie) which I don't mind if I wasn't in an arabic spot. The DJ would put these songs back to back and then throw one arabic song in. The restaurants specialty drinks were horrible. I couldn't even drink my drink because it was pure rubbing alcohol. Blahhhh! I happened to order another drink after, which was supposed to be a greygoose cherry and club, it was more like stoli razz and club. 2nd drink fail...I'm done! I would have tried the shisha, because I'm a connoisseur. I never pass up on shisha, but due to my bad drinks and horrible Shish tawook, I decided to take my shisha smoking elsewhere. I could say that the place might be fun for groups that are drinking a bottled beverage and not one that the bartender made. I shall never return... Thanks for a bad time and waste
of money.Horrible service and the hookah tastes like shit. Don't waste your time. The door man frisked me and it was an embarrassment, I've been to all the major clubs in Miami and nyc and no one has treated me like thisThe hookah is pretty good for about 10 minutes, but it finishes pretty quickly and its so noisy. I'm not sure if they are trying to make it into a night club but it was to loud for no reason.I must be missing something because people seem to like this place.  Why?  I don't know.  There was nothing special about the joint.  Loud music which I don't mind but on a crappy sound system I do.  The place has no room.  You have to get there early to get a table unless you want to be standing staring at people smoking hookahs at their tables.  It's awkward too because you'll be sitting at a table and there are people standing right over you since it's so cramped.  The hookahs have this cheap ass mouthpiece that you have to fumble with to get on and off.  Not the type of vibe I'm used to.  To each his/her own.Fraud!!! Made us pay $20 cover charge to get in, then they tell us inside "sorry no tables available". The manager/owner who is Lebanese comes to talk to me trying to hustle me, i told you can't hustle someone who lives in NYC. Basically this place is Bunch of crooks, they make you pay cover to get in just to tell you no room. Forget the $20 cover because it seems this place needs that money, i smoke shisha all my life and when i looked at the hookahs they only had INSTANT charcoal which is trash when you smoke hookah. On top of all of that the manager/owner (lebanese guy) comes outside when we're leaving just to curse at us and we had women with us too, very classy establishment SMH. I will have my attorney look into this establishment and also contact the Better Business Bureau.Loud music, expensive hookah, very crowded bar with no walking room or personal space for that matter. 
The food is good when you go early and the music isn't blaring. I like to smoke hookah so I end up coming here once every 6 months. In my youth I would frequent this place but now I feel like I need a more laid back night. Come here if you want to get hopped up on Red bull vodkas and want to smoke a lot of hookahthe best hookah bar i have been to in all my life.  this beats out all nyc competition in my book.  the food is excellent.  the service is stellar.  i had a really good visit.Four-stars for the hummus! I never really enjoyed the decor and Eurotrashy clientele but went here on a regular basis for lunch with friends or co-workers (one of whom had never eaten Middle Eastern food of any stripe before and she was pleasantly surprised). I'd get the soup and the hummus and sometimes the fattoush. Very reasonably priced too.Yelp was so spot on LOL. This is a 3 star kind of place.  $5 cover after 9pm? Man. Takes forever to get seated. Hookah service is OK. Very rarely did the server change coals. Never had anyone blow out the smoke. $20 for the set-up. Limited beer selection. Loud as hell. If you're blitzed, this is a great spot, otherwise I would pass. 
If you're looking for a better managed hookah lounge, I would go to Aloosh in Powelton Village, or Infusion Lounge in Old City. Capelli Brothers in the Gaybourhood is also dope if you want to try a smaller, quieter place to smoke.Spot is small & gets pretty crowded, so get there early. The music & hookah are good though. Definitely a cool spot to chill.Pretty pricy. For three hookahs and drinks for 6, our bill came well over $200. The music was extremely loud and our waitress was attentive in the beginning but later on disappeared when we wanted drinks. My friend had to go up to the bar to try to order drinks but the bartender wouldn't let her and said the waitress would come over. It wasn't necessarily worth the price but the decor was cool and it opens late all week long.This is probably the worst experience I've had at a hookah lounge.  Called early afternoon and made a reservation for a party of 8 for 10:30 pm. Upon walking in the ambiance was cool, music was a good mix and loud. Would not recommend as a chill place for intimate conversation. 
Arrived 5 mins early with half of my party. Spoke to the hostess who quickly remembered that I had a party of 8. She told us to hold on a moment. Waited around at the busy entrance/exit for about  10 mins then the hostesses handed us over to the serve who proceeded to seat us at a long table near the front window that was almost fully occupied. The ppl that I came with hardly fit in the tight space.
I went back to the hostess to explain that I was still waiting for half of my party and we all weren't going to fit.  She said that the ppl that came before us lied about how many ppl were in their party and that she was going to talk to her boss about it. She never came back to speak with me and the server never mentioned anything.
When one of my friends went to speak to the sever to ask about what the resolve would be she was rude and began throwing out numbers about how many ppl were seated next to us! Is it our fault you don't know how to count or reserve accordingly? What is the point of making reservations?! The service was horrible to boot and the gratuity was included in our total. Do NOT recommend.There are Cockroaches and the manager would not give drinks or hookah on the house to compensate for the cockroaches on the wall. Will never come back... the mint  & watermelon hookah was delish.. the atmosphere was cool... lots of music and if you get a table it could be very chill.. I don't think drinks were overly pricey for the place or rittenhouse.. and the price of the hookah wasn't expensive.. although that's usual for what I've paid for a hookah ... I'll go back when in the mood to hookah =D especially since in this city there is real selection.. the other place I've gone in olde city baffles me bc children are allowed in there.. I don't understand how that's remotely okay but suffice it to say , I'll return to byblos whenever that mood hits =DHad a great time....didnt eat any food but this hookah experience was much better than my first time in DC.I have for sure experienced better. When I think Hookah bar I think a much more relaxed atmosphere, comfortable seating and carefree attitude. It was absolutely different from that. But that's not what I have problem with. We went on Sat night so I am assuming it was one of the busier nights. We did not get a table . They made us stand near the wall which made us block the little passageway that they have. We learnt that you could reserve tables. 
We ordered apple flavor hookah. The first time the snooty waitress got it for us it did not start. She tried it too and then took it back and did something to it to make it work. 
The music was blasting from the speakers in the corner. It was overpriced and on top of that the waitress commented on us leaving less tip and made her tip more for the shitty service she gave us. 
I might go again just because I like hookah... but only until I find a better hookah bar in the city.This sucks a**. Worst hooka! And then when I asked for my credit card the owner pushed me and my friends and the police of philly is paid off and even the cop was rude and a a** hole talking to me rudely and told me that he was going to slap me when I was so respectful to him! This place is no good! The owner doesn't know how to run the business or even talk to his customers!! I hate this place and will never come back specially visiting from California!! Worst experience ever!! The drinks weak and not worth paying!!!! Stupid place!!! NEVER AGAIN!!!the review is specifically for the attitude of the door man at this joint last night... because of it I never got past the front door
when we approached the door - on HALLOWEEN WEEKEND - in costume - and nothing over the top mind you- we are 30ish yr old women after all - the one door guy proceeded to act like this place was Studio 54 and made a wise ass comment like, umm if you're looking for the costume party, that's next door - as if he and the place he checks IDs at is too cool and super elite to the level that why would anyone who is in costume belong inside?  He also said this with a huge smile on his face which made it that much more snarky.  Just such an elitist DICK move... Furthermore, why would you say that to anyone that was coming in to spend money at 'your' establishment? I hope the owners know they have a tool working their front door... I cant stand people that swear they are too cool...
all my other reviews are only written for places that deserve major kudos bc I feel not enough folks share when they are happy with service but the attitude of this guy and the bad taste it gave me compelled me to have to share my two cents about it.This place is horrible, will never come here again! Came in last night with a group of 7 friends. We were told that each of us had to buy a drink to sit at a table, which is fine, we were planning to anyway. The waitress came, we ordered our drinks, and then she asked for a credit card and picture ID in order to place our drink order. She said she was going to keep the credit card and ID at the bar. First of all, that doesn't sound right. I understand opening a tab, but it is unacceptable to ask for an ID to keep at the bar. Talk about identity theft! We offered to show an ID to make sure the credit card and ID matched, but she said no, it's their policy to keep both behind the bar. We asked for the manager, and he said we were okay, and will not be required to do that. Then, for about 15-20 minutes, we were ignored, thought she forgot about our drinks, and then another waitress came over and delivered our drinks. At that time, we also ordered a hookah. Waited and waited, and finally she came over with the hookah 5 min before they were getting ready to close. Had to call the manager over again over to take the hookah off of the bill. There is no way we would be able to enjoy the hookah that we paid for in 5 minutes. Stay away from this place! They have discriminatory practices, and they do not treat their customers well. Oh, and forgot to mention that they also charge a $10 cover for some reason!Great environment but hookah is not good at all for a guy who smokes nothing but hookah! You have such a great business and liquor license! Great food. 
Why not invest in some Khalil Ma'amoon hookah? Other than the "Mya" Chinese hookah?? And if you're willing to spend $25 on a hookah at least it should be worth it! 
I'd go there again but not to smoke!Hookah bars aren't exactly my go-to party place when I'm out on the town, but when a new girlfriend suggested meeting up at Byblos, I was thankfully in the right frame of mind to say yes.
Aside from the snarky attitude from the waitresses in this place, this place really rocks out for a good time.  Live DJ in the back spinnin' some great mixed music and a wide range of interesting folks to people-watch.  Even my super sheltered gf gave the peach hookah a try once we all mellowed out in the friendly environment.  We're both non-smokers, but we agreed that it was an interesting experience worth repeating.
Food is delicious -- hummus and baba ganoush are cheap but filling appetizers, calamari with two sauces is amazingly fresh and crisp.  Can't speak for drinks, but we shared a $20 peach hookah which lasted awhile.
Great change from your typical pub crawl or bar hop if you're just looking for a more relaxed night to chat and bond over food, drinks and a hookah with your peeps.Ok so just got into silly philly from Cali...missing home so much when I get downtown I want that good ol hookah and lounge vibe and one if my fav spots used to be yup guessed it Byblos...I'd at the door to a dude that I used to see all the time holding down the door and he looks at me then the is like I'm crazy...no problem...after getting my id back I get the shake down for drugs or whatever they look for...
In my blazer pocket (yes I'm sexy when I go out) is about 4/5 bottles of my ejuice for my vape mod...this dude tells me oh no you can't bring that in here...I say why of course I can...it's just juice for my vape...he asks me to take it all out so he can see it and then asks me what it is...I tell him and let him know it's not anything illegal...he says ok and lets me in
I order a shot and a yuengling lager (Philly favorite) and proceed to cloud chase away with my vape for a good hour while waiting for one of my homegirls
I then nice to a table and am immediately told I can't use "that pipe" in here...I proceed to tell the bouncer what it is and he says well let's go talk to the owner...I had already blown numerous clouds in this guys direction that I knew I was ok...after showing him ye vape...he says no you can't use "that pipe" in here...
Other than the sexy faces in the spot going hard on this hookah I would have just gone ahead and left 
Weak! 
Won't be back!
Who really cares though
#vapelifeAwesome hookah and food! Mikhael is an awesome owner who truly cares about his guests. Get the fruit cup hookah with mint - by far the best option. We got the grape leaves, falafel, and Greek salad which chicken kabobs and gyro meat which were all fantastic.I've been to three hookah bars in Philly and this is the best one. It's responsible and has a fun club/lounge like atmosphere. Definitely a good spot to pre game or make a last stop to with friends. They have a Dj on Wednesdays (the night I went) and the music was on point.Crowded as ever, but they were able to accomodate our party of 6 right away on my birthday.  Despite being packed, service was attentive at our table. We got our hookah and drinks soon after ordering.  The hookah was fun and definitiely had my head spinning a bit.  They brought over a tasty tiramisu for my birthday treat and extra spoons without us even having to ask.  Getting to the bar or to the bathrooms was insane and of course people would be pushing and shoving.  That part definitely wasn't fun, but I guess it is expected for a Saturday night.  Turning 30 though, I realized the crowded, smoky, having-to-fight-my-way-to-the bar-and-scream-at- the-top-of-my-lungs-to-talk kind of place is definitely a scene I am over.   I had a good time here on my birthday, but probably would have felt more comfortable on an off-night.I generally think of hookah as a nice, relaxing, laid-back activity for either after an outing at a bar/nightclub or for those nights when you would rather just hang out and chat with a small group. This place is not that kind of place. The music is so loud you can't hear your conversations, the hookah is overpriced, and the service is not great.
We had to wait a very long time any time we needed our waitress for anything. It was a bit frustrating.
Probably won't be back.Lasted about 10 min in this garbage restaurant!  Got carded and while our waitress was checking our I.d.'s my brother asked where the bathroom is and our waitress caught an attitude.  "Why are u asking for the bathroom?"  Maybe cause he has to go.  She told us to hold on and told her manager.  Bc a 36 year old man asked for the bathroom??Serving sizes are TINY for the price. Their $18 Pasta wad literally no exaggeration about one cup of pasta. The crab was delicious and flavored well, but this place by no measure at all is worth the price. 
Avoid at all costs.This is a good place to hang out if you are not, like me, prone to setting yourself on fire. When we arrived at our table I noticed that there was a small votive candle on it. Being aware of my shortcomings as a person, I said "I'm going to move this candle so I don't set myself on fire." Then I smelled burning. I looked down and my scarf was on fire. Do you know how hard it is to unwrap a scarf from your neck while it is on fire so that you can put it on the floor and stomp out the fire? Well, if you are me, not difficult at all because you have practice. If this sounds like you, you should ask your friends and/or waitress to move the candles for you before you approach. Safety first, kiddos. 
Inadvertent pyrotechnics aside, I thought Byblos was a great spot to come hang with friends for snacks, drinks and hookah. They give you individually-wrapped mouthpieces to make the hookah more hygienic - clever! We had orange/mint, which was delicious. It was plenty to share among 4-5 of us. I had a cocktail made with sweet tea vodka and lemonade - basically an alcoholic Arnold Palmer. Thumbs-up. Food was reasonably priced, I had an Israeli salad which had good flavor and lots of veggies and was only $6. Rumor has it that the paella was also delicious. 
I'll be back! But next time I'll skip the scarf.Very mixed feelings. When we went there for the first time, everything was great, 5/5. Last time (Feb 4) all went well until we were asked to move to a different table because they were expecting a party of 12. So they moved us to a corner table that was right across from the door so it was really cold. When I told the waitress about it she literally replied the following: 'You're putting me in a very bad position you've been here long enough you know what I mean.' Now, we spent that night at Byblos around $120 which seems pretty good for a party of 2. No attempt was made to apologize or make up for the bad seating decision. As for party of 12, only 2 people were there for up to half hour. I believe that in such instances the reservation should be cancelled altogether by the restaurant. I realize that Byblos doesn't care about its customers because it's always crowded and the table won't be empty for a while even if some people are unhappy about the treatment. At the same time, if the management and waitresses of Byblos are making bad decisions based on poor planning, they will get no tips and plenty of bad reviews.I came here after an entire afternoon of "I'm just going to have brunch and then go home and take care of shit" but actually ended up just continuing to drink after brunch until bedtime. Classic. Considering what time we entered this place, I don't think it would be a stretch to assume a cat probably literally dragged us in. 
I was in that mental state where I was really in the mood to smoke some hookah. We waited until FOUR PM for this shit to open up. We sat at the bar and they were still setting shit up. The fuck if I knew about my surroundings at that time but I think it's safe to assume that we were the only people at that hour. 
We like randomly ordered some drinks and a hookah flavor, I couldn't even tell you what it was. I also ordered some hummus with pita. LOL of course the food I remember.
Service was good, the bartender we were dealing with was nice and approachable. Also simultaneously cutting limes at certain points. Who can blame her for being prepared?
Hookah was nice and smooth. Hummus was fairly good. Don't remember the drinks. 
I have made a mental note of this place's existence next time I'm in a similar mood.Its a fine place to get a hookah, its a bit pricey, but the service is pretty good.  We generally went during off hours so only encountered the clubby aspect once or twice.  Now that we have our own hookah we haven't been back since the cost doesn't seem justified.  
Never tried the food but always wanted to, maybe we'll go back for that at some point.Awesome hookah bar. Bouncers are professional and friendly. Staff is awesome. All the girls that work here are friendly and go the extra mile to make sure you have a good time.This place is absolutely horrible. Never again! Customer service is nonexistent! Couldn't get a table and we were yelled at for trying to get to a bathroom. Hookah is overpriced and low quality.I would not recommend this place for a large group. I went here with 9 of my friends for my birthday. As soon as the dishes were cleared, the hostess asked us if we were leaving because another reservation was coming in. On top of that they charge $2 per person to cut and serve your own cake!!!!Great atmosphere, OK food, and good music but too loud to enjoy it! Also, it gets too full sometimes!while in philly for business, checked out the food - very good mediterranean - had some wonderful grilled octopus salad.  while there for late night dinner the bar filled up and the place turned into this adorable hookah lounge - young working crowd midtwenties to midthirties. wish we had someplace like this in boston!$10 cover charge would've been alright if the place was lit and had space to smoke hookah. No seats or place to smoke hookah and no music. The bouncer should've at least say hey there's no seats or spots at the moment. I have to basically pay to find out there's no music at a lounge. Never seen service like this. I'm a heavy hookah smoker and respect all lounges and service is key. This place was horrible. DONT GO, THIS PLACE IS TRASH.I thought the food was really great (although a tad expensive but typical for Center City). It definitely satisfied my pregnancy cravings lol! First time ordering from here. Will definitely recommend.COCKROACH!!! Disgusting! No apologies and told "it came from outside." Unbelievable. Horrible service! Will never return!Had been here once a long time ago and remember the food being very good and the hummus being some of the best I've tried... 
I actually thought about not going because everything I'e read seems to focus on the Hookah end of this place... but we were in the mood for some middle eastern and planning on drinking at the Franklin right next store, so we gave it a shot...
We went at 7sih  on a Weds... so I guess we missed the big/partying crowds..  there were some hookahing and eating.. There was a DJ in the back.. playing - well - 'quite a variety' from  raggae to middle eastern to bad 80's..Our waitress Tiffany was very friendly and sweet... 
I had forgotten this is one of the few places you can get the Saganiki - set on fire with ouzo -- yummmmm Hubby went with the lamb kabobs - (he  loved them) and our waitress talked me out of the cous cous - so I instead opted for 2 tapas- babaganoush and Falafal. the Baba was DELISH !  as were the falafals.. 
The only disappointment was the baklava, which I always look forward to when I eat middle eastern... don't know what they did to it.. I think they may have microwaved it.. but the bottom layers were hard as leather.. and the middle was way too hot... what a shame to do that  to a piece of baklava.
All in all - food wise - a decent place to get your middle eastern on.
ps... since they have a smoking license  for the hookahs- you can smoke inside here - so be warned --- or if you're a smoker- enjoy !Cool hookah place. Second time here and we got the mango favor again, which was good. The Jack & coke was good and strong! Lol. It was really packed so we decided to sit outside. It was cool since I was not too fond of the music anyway, but service was great.Extremely rude waitress. Added a ridiculous tip for poor quality hookah and forced everyone to buy alcoholic drinks. Also the music is insanely loud and lots of creeps. Stay away!My friend has been telling me how much she loves this place for quite some time. So I decided to go there and give it a try. 
It was nice. Not a place I would recommend to go if you plan on getting the full dining experience or a date. It's just a small, chilled spot that you may want to go to just to get good food and drinks. Its very loud from the music playing, the food was great, [alcohol] drinks very good, non-alcohol drinks are $5 [not worth the mini glass] and the hookas are very popular. I think we were the only table with out one. Overall, it was fun!Never been to a restaurant that charges you a cover fee to go in. I can see how minimum charge could make sense but it really threw me off when I came with boyfriend on a date for dinner and they asked us for a fee at the door. 
Do not recommend.This place is one of my favorites... the hookah is great, food is awesome and the drinks are ok.... I really come for the hookah.. but the y'all older Caucasian doorman dude is rude as ever.. just be prepared to give him your bag or he will flip his shit..‍Ima give dis place a three star and only for  My man OUTSIDE. I blew him wit my down souf swagga !! Had him cuttin up good time!!!! small selection of flavors and the spot is tiny as hell this place is booming with people and for their amount and prices of the products 30$$$ hookah holy moly anyways with all this money they are making rent a bigger spot and allow more room you get crammed up but the music wasn't too bad go DJ go DJ go!!! Lots of regular s and funny lookin eyes on me...but didn't know body want It I deeboed my way though da world!  Lol nah but go earlier to get a table! For comfort! !   BUT FOREAL BOSS MAN IF YOU READ MY YELP SPEND SUM OF DAT OVERSEAS $$$$$$ AND GET A BIGGER SPOT!!!! YOU BOOMin OPEN UP   despot  HOOKAH SHOULD BE COMFORTABLE NOT SWEATY YA FEEL ME!!!! o yeah they prices higher den a mufuka! !!Awful place and service. Racist and rude. Nasty, nasty, nasty servers. I will never refer it to anyone or go back there. 1 star is too generous for this place. Took my friends there and I was embarrassed. Horrible place. Stay awayI went lastnight... It was my 3rd time going and I can honestly say every time I go it gets better ! Better music ! Better drinks ! And better crowd ! If your lookin for a good time come here !Tool central.  Whether they're making up new rules in order to charge you more or glaring at your "I-don't-feel-the-need-to-try-that-hard" handbag, the staff here is neither friendly nor helpful in any way.  In fact, they seem to want to make it harder for you to spend money there.
Though I have given up in recent months, each of the last three times I attempted to patronize Byblos my group was faced with some new ridiculous and awkward stipulation.  First, all of a sudden, parties of 5 or more had to purchase at least two hookahs, then tables were reserved for parties ordering food, and then it was a minimum charge per head at the table.  And all of it seemed so shadily implemented and relayed that I'm 90% sure those rules were (and probably are) instated on a case-by-case basis as people walk in the door.
And to top it all off, the place is cold and hollow, lacking the kitschy charm of many other hookah bars, as well as too-often bombarded with the bumbling of an over-zealous wannabe-in-Ibiza DJ.  Overall, a no.I always swear I'm never going back, but I always end up going back. Good hookah spot (since there are few to choose from) and usually really good music. Any night of the week, people are always down to party and that's why I think i keep going back - it never fails me. But it always seems like the guys are there just to find someone to hook up with and that's annoying. The bartenders always seem to be extra extra busy, but that's okay, I don't mind waiting for a drink. The waitresses are really nice though. I've never had food there, but I've gone on pretty much every night of the week at least once and..yeah, I always swear I'm never going back and I always go back.HORRRIBLE!  Dropped a beer and got kicked out for no reason. Not a friendly bar and seems somewhat racist.I've been here a few times. It's a tiny spot. The hookah is good. The drinks aren't anything special and overpriced. They need to refurnish the place because it's looking a little run down even in the dark.Love this place. It's clean and the employees are accommodating. It ad a good vibe.I have been to a few other Hookah Lounges; however Byblos is by far my favorite hookah spot, and the only Hookah Bar I go to. Byblos is the best place to go and have a good time. Fridays and Saturdays are when I usually go, it gets over-crowded and hard to find a seat if you don't go at a decent time. If you want to sit at the bar you should definitely go early. However, I have been on other days throughout the week and it's not as crowded. Byblos also has outdoor seating, which is a plus. I love going here on summer nights, sitting outside enjoying weather and conversation (great way to enjoy a summer night). No matter the day you go, the crowd is always welcoming, interesting, diverse, fun and people enjoying themselves. The music is good; the DJ always plays a nice mix of music.
The Hookahs are good, they have a wide variety of intoxicating flavors and they are not too expensive. The food is good (Middle Eastern), I always get the lamb kabobs with rice or grilled chicken caesar salad. The calamari (as an app) and salmon are good too, the menu overall is pleasing. As for the drinks, they are a hit or miss. The bartenders are always "super busy", because the bar is always packed. The drinks can be mediocre, so I usually order a glass of wine. 
The only downside to Byblos is that sometimes it gets over-crowded. Overall I always have a good time at Byblos. Lots of laughs and conversations with complete strangers lol. Byblos is my go-to place for hanging out and having fun whenever I am in Philly!Used to come here all the time back in the day. I have not had any issues with the bouncer or bar tenders (as others have indicated), but at the same time, I only go there on Thursdays when its free Hookah Night.  With the coupon (from their website) you can get a free hookah every thursday night with the purchase of 2 drinks.  Byblos has one of the better Hookahs in the city and therefore gets a higher rating.this place is AWFUL. 
i get it's trying to maintain some sort of ambiance by keeping it dark, but it actually just gives you the creeps as the dark lighting feels more like a way to mask the really terrible food that's served here. 
service is mediocre - water is always late and we had to wait a significant time (10 min) before getting our checks. 
the food is something you do NOT want to eat here. sour hummus that's taken out from the fridge and plopped into a dish, calamari that's a week or two past fresh, and sub par cooking all around. we ate here and left most of the food on the table before leaving for another restaurant. it doesn't help the terrible food that you can barely see it in the darkness.I really enjoyed my meal. Nothing special or unique, but well done traditional Lebanese food. The chicken kebab was great - exceptionally well seasoned and not overcooked (unusual for chicken kebabs!). And the kibbi was AMAZING. Almost got an order of those to go.Maybe it was that I had good company or maybe it was the friendly people there, but I had a great time. You could smoke hookah at the bar, which is what my friend and I did. Expect the place to be loud on a Wed nite after midnight, the place is still hoppin. 
Next time I want to snag some seating outside.Good Hookah but poor customer service. They sat us by the door on a Sunday when it was 28 degrees outside and wouldn't move us because one of the waitresses was reserving the warmer tables for some people who she knew were coming. Spoke with the manager but he would not move us either. Too bad. This was my second time here this week but also my last. I'm loyal when I find a good spot but not if I have to be cold the whole time.... If you want a good time smoking good hookah, make sure its a night that its not cold!Combination of rude servers, very very very very loud music, awful decor, tiny space, and pricey drinks makes this the last place you should spend your evening. 
Unless you don't have a choice.The best spot to get Mediterranean food in Philly! 
I've been going to this place for years and probably tried every single item on the menu and you won't believe it but they are all amazing! 
My favorite dish is probably shish kabobs! But I also love their seafood selection like Mariscoc Catalan ( I hope I spelled it right), it's all about this creamy safran sauce that brings all the ingredients together. 
Their hummus is the best hummus I've ever had and the octopus appetizer is just out of this world. 
Love their hookah selection as well! The staff is always very nice and the whole place just gives you this Mediterranean vibe, it's like you in Morocco or something. 
Always a great experience at Byblos!Expensive. Shitty hookah and food. Hardly a "hookah bar" vibe, the music doesn't fit and it's loud as shit. Air inside isn't good for doing smoke tricks or just smoking in general-Went to this place twice during my trip in Philadelphia. 
This hookah lounge was the first place that appeared on my google sure so my friend and I decided to go here! Our server, Victoria, was extremely helpful about which hookah flavor to try. Two flavors I highly recommend to try is Sex on the beach & Queen Peach. I didn't not order any meals, but chocolate fondue was delicious!
Highlights from visiting this lounge:
- A lot of hookah flavors to choice from!
- drinks are not overpriced
- DJ plays up beat music from dance, EDM, 90's music, and today hits
- vibe from this place is laid back/chill
- bouncers were nice and they do make sure people do not create chaos
Tip: if you're planning to visit with a big group, make reservations because this lounge does get crowded during weekendsThis is by far my favorite hang out place in the city! Its the one spot where I feel like at home! Come on a Monday or Tuesday night for a chill evening. Saturday's and Sunday's are the fun nights of dancing till the late hours! It's the best hookah in the city, and the bar staff is so friendly! The DJ's are awesome and will play songs on request with no hassle. Can't praise this place enough! Check it out for yourself and won't be disappointed.This is a great night small for socialization. The facility itself is pretty small but he crowd is madly diverse. Came here with a friend to celebrate and found out about hooka. Nothing special and I don't see what the hype is about it. Nonetheless I had a great time here with the company and music!Hookahs a bit xpensive @25 bucks, drinks are ok but it's one of the better places for hookah in phila the crowds nicer as compared to the rowdies in old city (probably cos of rittenhouse sq). Definitely worth a visit!!!I came here with friends on a weekend, and we were seated instantly at a booth. The food was surprisingly very good. I had the fattoush salad (cucumbers, tomatoes, and other veggies tossed in a vinaigrette with toasted pita chips), and the grilled octopus, which was tender and delicious. I thought the food was not unreasonably priced, either.
There is a one-drink-per-person minimum, and the drinks are extremely watered down. Annoying at $11 a pop.
I thought the selection of hookah flavors was OK. We ordered mango and I thought that was tasty enough. Our server, who was friendly and attentive throughout our visit to Byblos, stopped by the table frequently to check on the hookah, adjust or replace the coal, etc.
My main complaint would be that the music was far too loud. People are there to congregate near the bar or to chill in the booths. They want to be able to hear one another speak. We had to yell over the music and that seemed inappropriate for a place that has a pretty chill vibe aside from the music blasting.
I wouldn't go out of my way to come back to Byblos, but I wouldn't be too upset either if group plans ended up bringing me here again. I just think there are much better places to smoke hookah in Philly.Visited Byblob for the first time last month, and have to say I did not enjoy myself for a few reasons: 
Service: The service was rather poor for the most part. Parties are automatically charged an 18% gratuity, and for this reason, our server was completely checked out. Everytime we needed something, we had to flag down our server. The bouncer and server also had an attitude as well. 
Hookah: Like other reviewers have mentioned, the hookah quality was not phenomenal and there were multiple issues with our hookah. 
Would I return? Perhaps if there was a coupon, but otherwise no.Came here on a weeknight and we were hoodwinked by the waitress who told us they only had bottled water...we fell for the oldest trick in the book. How does any establishment in a country with clean running water not offer tap water? Anyways, after my friends finished their $4 water, we asked for more water the waitress brought out two glasses of water for us....
Smoking outside is fine but its way too loud inside to have a conversation without shouting. Good music though...For me personally Byblos is the best hookah bar in Philadelphia. I have been going there for 12 years now and never had an issue. The owners are warm and they know to respect a customer and take good care of them. Remember you only get respect when you give respect!. You do have the occasional freeloaders who come there and try to rip them off by saying the hookah is not good or they are not 'enjoying the hookah' or the drinks are to 'weak' and the owners try their best to accommodate that by fixing the issue. But freeloaders are always going to be freeloaders. Don't come out if you don't want to pay! If you plan to have a good time better be ready to pull your wallet or purse out! I am always here because of the customer service  I get here and will be going there for many many years to come. Best hookah in the city, try the grapefruit head with special mint with Ice as base, its really good. Food is also great. Spanish fries , Shish Taok are my favorites.I always get a good old fashion and the bartenders do justice is making an awesome drink. All in all its a great place to be at with good people and great owners. I would have given 6 stars if there was an option !I was totally in my glory at this place.  Smoking a hookah is a guilty pleasure of mine, but my frequency of indulgence is rare.  Ideally, I would give this place 4.5 stars, the -.5 star because of our waitress.  Although, she hooked us up with a last second order of the Happy Hour drink special, she was scarce.  
The hookahs did seem a bit expensive, but if you go with a group of 5, it is about $5 a person.  There was a long list of intoxicating flavors, and we went with the strawberry and fuzzy lemonade (totally recommend this one!).
Surprisingly, the food was quite tasty.  The hummus and tzatziki on the happy hour menu was a great way to tame our post-work hunger.  An hour later, we opted for the mussels and the Saganakiopa, Greek Kasseri cheese soaked in brandy and then set on fire.  Both delicious!
I really had no idea how fun this place is!  In addition to chillin' with a hookah, the DJ played energetic dance music.  Opa!This place sucks. its so small inside and the people are so rude.DO NOT GO HERE. This place is AWFUL. I went with a group of 6 people for hookah and drinks on a weekday evening. The staff was very rude to us the entire time and made us seem like a burden to them. We were one of the only groups there at the time (there was only 1 other table occupied inside and 1 table occupied outside) with several employees sitting around and the waitress for our  table was impossible to get a hold of if we needed coal or drinks. It took us half an hour to let our waitress know we were ready for the check and then she disappeared for another 15 minutes. I saw the owner and walked up to him to tell him the entire evening was very unpleasant and that we had been trying to leave for at least 45 minutes. The owner apologized, but didn't really do anything about the situation which was even more disappointing. This place really put a damper on the night and I will never go back there.Byblos is an interesting hookah bar. If you have nothing better to do, why not try it out. Grab a table in this strangely and poorly decorated place. Be ready to people watch to the loud music that doesn't fit in. The waitresses are nice enough, but really too busy to care so you better hail someone down when your coal nearly burns out. Hookah prices are a lil high and you are forced to buy drinks. Definitely not my go-to, but might be worth a visit if you have absolutely nothing else to do.5 dollars extra for 3 tablespoons of spicy sauce on the side? Nonsense. 
The food was pretty good. The apple hookah was meh. The gum/spearmint was the best out of the two. $20-30/hookah, again a little pricy, but again it's center city. The main reason this place gets 1 stars instead of 3 or 4 is the customer service and the creepy old men in there. I'm in my late 20s and the waitress asked for ID AND wanted to SEARCH MY BAG?? also threw my water bottle away in a rude manner.
Would I go back? Maybe. Probably not.I've been here a couple times, and the food, DJ, and service are pretty good. The servers look unhappy, and aren't that knowledgeable as one told me they didn't have a vodka I knew they had. However, she did ask someone else and brought out the vodka I wanted. The hookahs aren't the best and leave a lot to be desired. They do have fruit heads for $35, and a flavor change for $15 even on $20 dollar flavors which doesn't make much sense. Overall, it's fun but pricey.Visited this place on Saturday, June 29th around 6:00 pm. There were children running around and screaming in the bar and hookah section of the restaurant. They eventually left with a large group of people and that is when everyone seemed to calm down and enjoy the atmosphere. Hookah is a bit expensive, but tasted well. Drinks were also great. May revisit, but will leave if those screaming kids are there.Came here yesterday with my sister. The
DJ played great music. The Venue was small so we had to smoke our hookah on the bar which was uncomfortable and it was crowded. The crowd was also a little dry for a Saturday Night. The Hookah was descent. Only come if you have a big group of friends and come early!I went in here to fortify myself before the Franklin Mortgage Elite Event. The place has a nice swanky feel to it with a separate bar in the back. 
The fetching young server seated me and took my order promptly, which included some hot tea that came out fast. My tea warmed me up before the meal. The moussaka was decent, though it was a variation on the traditional dish that I'd had in Chidago and Detroit's Greektown. The price wasn't bad either, 12.99. The pita bread that came out was a tad dry but still tasty. 
I left feeling full and ready to do battle with the drinks of Franklin Mortgage. I'd go back and sample something else here sometime.Music, great. Food is good. Drinks are nice. Hookas are sipposed to be good untila i jad a bad experience past weekend, along ith the poorest serbice both from  manager and waitres (blonde w dread locks)
Everythimg was fine until hooka brought to table did not work as theybusually do. She tried to fix it, but still, hooka did not work properly. she was nive in tryingtonfix it, but they took too lomg. I aske it to be cancelled. When inaskednfor the check, they still charged me for.it $20.....manager comes laterI explaimed situation, basically called me a liar, hr only took $10 off a hooka that i did not get to enjou. What a rip. BUT FINE!.....THIS IS AN EXAMOLENOF BAD SERVICE!!!.....on top of things they will not serve you if you dont give the your crecit card and id, and they will hold it even if you request it back!!!.this is not legal and this is not how all rewtaurants operate under the law.Byblos is home away from home for me.  It has this sultry Mediterranean feel to it.  The bartenders, waitresses and the owner are really great people.  Its not easy to maintain a popular Rittenhouse restaurant, especially that has a hookah bar and a crazy college following.  I have never had a bad experience there, and I am there all the time.  The food is excellent, and some of the things on the menu have a full blown fire show to go along with the order.  The decor is really cozy.  Its very spacious for lunch, and can get dark and romantic for dinner.  At night it turns into a club pretty much.  It attracts a very European crowd of all ages and the music changes up all the time, which makes some nights totally different from others.  There are belly dancers there on the weekends, who are great.  I have been here with one or two people for dinner and hookah, to lounge around and catch up. I have brought my books here to study during lunch.  I have been here with a group of  20 people blowing smoke in each others mouths. Its really a special place in Philly.If I could give this place 0 stars I would. The place is disgusting! The manager was so rude and unprofessional, attempting to kill a cockroach in front of us with a broom. I am definitely NEVER going back.Byblos! Presumably named for the following (from Wikipedia):
"Greek name of the Phoenician city Gebal (earlier Gubla). It is a Mediterranean city in the Mount Lebanon Governorate of present-day Lebanon under the current Arabic name of Jbeil. According to fragments attributed to the semi-legendary pre-Trojan war Phoenician historian Sanchuniathon, it was the first city ever built, and even today is believed by many to be the oldest continuously-inhabited city in the world."
Not knowing this, I thought it had something to do with biblio. Now let me explain why I made this mistake. Byblos was where I went to every weekend until some time around 4am to drink, dance, and be merry. One of my profile photos was taken while dancing atop a space partitioning architectural feature. Notice the ceiling is not quite far from my head. I could post other photos where people are dancing on window sills, banquet tables, etc. So, when I thought of the name of this establishment where I danced for five hours straight with a diverse crew of belly dancers after work, Arabs from various countries, Eastern Europeans, and whomever, I was often very intoxicated on red bull and vodka, glistening with sweat, wrapped in a faint fragrance of flavored hookah tobacco/herbs, and euphoric. Hence, I misread it as sharing the root, biblio, and noted for the longest time the irony of an establishment whose name contains the root for words associated with the quiet, studious types would be pulsing with life and rhythm.
Wait, oh, in reading the wikipedia entry further, Byblos DOES have something to do with biblio:
"The Greeks apparently called it Byblos because it was through Gebal that bublos ( ["Egyptian papyrus"]) was imported into Greece."
Apparently, even when inebriated, I remain a geek at heart!
Byblos is, mind you, a proper restaurant although I've only eaten there a couple times. Both times were solid. Their "cheesesteak" was lovely. But, first and foremost, it is for its unabashed celebration of the dance and libations that I put down these words about Byblos.
If you frequent Byblos, please say hello to the owner for me.Byblos is the place that makes me wanna open my own hookah bar.  It's packed, it's expensive and the service is meh.  The drinks and food are overpriced, and the hookahs are mediocre.  I could do better than this blindfolded... who wants to invest?  :)  Two stars for being one of the few hookah places in Philly to serve alcohol; I really love to indulge in all my bad habits simultaneously.Hookah over priced and barely changed the coals, they used the self ignite ones instead of the solid legit ones so, go figure.  Food underwhelming. We ended up having a larger group however we were not accomodated but still charged us the group up charge, we were 7 people on a small table for 4. When I requested extra chairs the waitress gave us a look and then she offered us a stool.  Service was just mediocre, two people of our party had to get up and order from the bar.  Did I mention they  upcharged us for  our large party LOL.  the flavor of the hookah was good.Place is cute and north-africa flavored....
Hookah flavors are very limited and very expensive though...music after 11 PM sucks.
Our hookah wasn't tasty at all and we asked more than once to change it....
Cocktails not tasty at all...and too expensive...
Moreover, after a 18% gratuity they tried to charge us another tip....
I would say the only cute thing is the place, but I don't recommend you to go there AT ALL.Been to Byblos a couple of time, and it never was that great!
Although this is one of the few places in Philly offering Hookah, they haven't really got the recipe down. 
The food was not that special either. The kababs are alright, and the salads are pretty good too! But if I go to Bybols I'd go for hookah. 
I'd recommend they work on the training of those who prepare the hookahs. The foil isn't properly fitted, and the waitress who brought us extra coal kept blowing ashes towards us, and our food.I've only been here on Thursdays for the "hookah hip hop night" and I've always had a great time. While it can get crowded, the crowd is very chill and sociable. There are TVs near the bar area as well so if you're looking to catch Thursday night football you don't have to miss the game. Our bartender always make great drinks and is very generous with the hookah coals. DJ also plays awesome music, great mix.Very overpriced and not worth it... You can go to almost any other hookah place and get a better experience than this place at a much lesser price.Let me first say that I was very disappointed with this place. I thought that Byblos would be a great place to chill and hit up a hookah but I was wrong. I have two hookahs at my house but still enjoy going to hookah bars on certain occasions.
The staff doesn't know how to set up hookahs appropriately, they don't put enough water in them and it's just a complete mess in my opinion. I've gone three times, and three times, disappointment arose.
The prices are pretty ridonkulous too, $25 to light up a hookah? Yeah, no thanks... The staff isn't that friendly either, gg Byblos...Always been a fan of Byblos till the other day.
The Bouncer was mad because we were talking and not "Whispering", when we said "But this is a bar" he's  like "No, This is a Lounge".. What a douche !!! Ironic that even the other Bouncer didn't agree..which is so funny because usually they always team up to put the customer down. We walked out....
Terrible Hookah, No Respect for Customers...I'll take my money somewhere else.
Rename this place to "The Library" or something..IDIOTS !I give Byblos three stars for their food and drink.  The entertainment is authentic (the music and the belly dancers) and the general ambience is what one would expect from a club - smoky and loud at times.
But in order to have a decent experience at this place you must go at an off time because when the people roll in and the time is right, the place gets really smoky and the music LOUD!!!  You will walk out of this place deaf if you're not careful.
And be forewarned that in order to sit at a table, you have to guarantee you will charge a minimum amount to your credit card - and the server will even hold your card to ensure the place gets their money.  
If you're not the type who likes sitting at a bar, but who would prefer to just sit at a table and look around for a bit, be prepared to part with a decent amount of money (I don't recall the minimum amount charged to your card, but I believe it's in the ballpark of $40-$50).
If you decide to sit in the place during the night, the music gets progressively LOUD.  The volume at which they play the music can manage to ruin a good time because you can't hear yourself think let alone hear someone else talk.
And if you're coming to dance, forget it.  Their dance floor is as tiny as it gets.  In order to get in a circle, you have to stand on top of someone.  It's sad really.
For shame because their food and drinks are top-notch.Hookah:  20 bucks a pop with all kinds of flavors;  for all you germaphobes, they give you your own mouth piece
Music:  Arab dance music.  Not my type of thing but there were a lot of people dancing to it so it made for some good people watching.  
Atmosphere:  Small lounge with a bar area; ~6 booths and 4 tables.  We got there around 10pm on a Wed night and it wasn't very crowded but as the night went on it got packed.
Crowd:  The crowd seemed to be very diverse, 30+ in age.  I don't know if this is the norm, but I saw all kinds of funny stuff the night I went.  There was a table of older rich people who started their own dance party in the corner.  After a few bottles of Dom, one guy pulls out a wad of money and starts making it rain!  I turned around to see if there were any poles because that was the only thing that could have made this more entertaining, but NOPE.....just rich people being jack asses.  In another corner there were two people making out with lots of heavy petting.  Geez, seriously, go home or can you at least be a lil more attractive so that this can be a little more enjoyable??  haaaaa.....OR maybe my hookah was laced with something.  I dunno, either way, it was an interesting night to say the least.Horrible service! Do not go there. We were charged a cover and so unorganized inside. We left with out being served.I'm no hookah connoisseur but the flavored tobacco they use is good and they have a variety of flavors to choose from (I had the mango). I went on a Wed night and there were a decent amount of people there. The DJ was OK but the music was just a bit too loud as it made it very hard to have a conversation comfortably at the table. They also had the heat on blast so the heat, all the smoke, and sheer number of people there made it hot and a little stuffy inside. Finally, I like that they have a TV that usually has a sports game on. By far, the waitresses there are very nice, attentive and informative. Byblos is a solid go-to spot when you want to go out, have a chill time, and mingle during the week."Customer is King"? - Not here you're not!
An experience with a story worth telling. But don't be mistaken - it's not a happy one.
It's four in the afternoon and I'm looking for a flashlight. Where am I? I just walked into Byblos, aka Sketch City. International drivers licenses are not accepted here. Please bring your passport. So they will give you hookah - for which you need to be 18, but not alcohol. So they do accept it partially, but not to a full extent. First absence of logic. And if one person is (according to them) under age, no one at the table can drink alcohol. As we were - not surprisingly - the only ones in this palace of sh*t, we asked for a little more light. We were rudely explained that  "yeah, they don't do that here".
So no alcohol. Espresso? "No, no expresso". Leaving us with the choice of what's left in the filter of a drip coffee pot and labeled "Turkish coffee", a Lipton tea bag with some warm water, energy drinks, or ice water - but I wouldn't hold my breath while waiting on that to arrive at the table. After about 30 minutes of trying to get a badly prepared hookah to work, the waitress finally came over to lecture us a little on how to do it right. Apparently dropping the coal and almost burning your customers is "doing it right". It came down to just using a second coal. We then had a badly working Hookah using two coals. Fail.
After our "how to do hookah correctly" lecture, but were also insulted by the owner himself that we should have paid more attention in history and geography class. Pardon me for being surprised when hearing about Lebanon's ski resorts. The waitress continuously made snarky comments about our age and attitude. She continued to complain to her colleagues about us in a very obvious manner. At one point the AC that was right by our heads was turned on full blast. It was freezing cold when 15 minutes later the waitress said "oops, I meant to put it on heat".
10 + 1 Reasons to go to Byblos:
1. If you are looking for a really, really, really, really bad time.
2. If you are looking for someone to push your buttons and piss you off.
3. If you have self-esteem issues and like being treated badly.
4. If you are opening a business and need an example of what NOT to do.
5. If you like the taste of the most horrible coffee out there.
6. If you enjoy smoking bad hookah.
7. If you are a couple and like it when people flirt with one of you in the most distasteful way right in front of the other one.
8. If you enjoy hearing three bad techno remixed songs on loop for two hours at 4 in the afternoon.
9. If you like being lectured by rude and clueless idiots.
10. If you like leaving.
+1. If you have never written a review on Yelp! before because you've been waiting for that one really, really, really awful experience that will get you so worked up you just have to write about it!
Honestly, this has by a long shot been the worst experience I have ever had as a customer. This includes any café, bar, restaurant, cellular provider, airport, car rental, wherever!!! Nothing can compare to how awful Byblos is. This place is obscenely horrible. I will never set foot in there again.My husband and I used to come here all the time when we lived in the city. I'll definitely say that it gets packed and nuts during the weekend evening hours, but we just loved this little spot during the summer on weeknights when it wasn't crowded, or rushed, and we could just sit out with the hookah, order smaller plates of food, people watch, and linger for a while. 
I got their olives and feta platter more times that I could count and it was always delicious (though I guess it's kind of hard to screw that up). Their hookah was always well made too, and they had a nice selection of shisha to choose from. 
We'd still be going here frequently if we lived in the area.This is a pretty cool place to hang out, drink, smoke some hookah.. While I'm not a big fan on smoking hookah, the business itself is pretty good. There's not really another place quite like it in Philly. Sure, there are hookah bars around town, but this place really gets it right. I've been here a few times and its usually pretty packed and I believe they have mediterranean food, although I'm not positive. 
This is definitely a place to check out if you're looking for something new, don't really feel like going out out but don't want to stay at home. Drinks are average price and if you split a hookah between like four people it's not a bad price either.One time, many moons ago, while studying abroad in Europe, I sat on a dorm balcony and smoked hookah for the first time. Fast forward three years, and I had been itching to smoke it again. After begging pretty much every single person I know to go with me, two friends agreed to the visit.
We walked in around 7 p.m. last night (Friday), and asked if they had any open tables. The hostess said "no," but she was joking, it turns out. We were seated in a four-person section and ordered the mango hookah ($20). My one friend had wine, I had margaritas and my other friend had Jamison on the rocks. Our hookah lasted for a long time, and by the time we were halfway done our smoke, my friend had the DJ playing N'Sync/Backstreet Boys. Always a great addition to the night, obviously. Hopefully the other tables agreed! We left around 10 p.m. (I think -- I had a lot of tequila, admittedly) and it was still pretty quiet in there other than the music and smoking tables. I hear it gets really loud/clubbish later on, though.
Anyway, I can't attest to the food at Byblos, but the rest of the experience was spot on. I'd definitely go back, but not too-too often, as I don't want my lungs to scream at me.Amazing DJ who played a very nice mix of music.  Great place to hang out with a large group of people. Great Hookah place.  
Only thing that was missing was a little dance floor.Great for Hookahs & drinks, not so much for food. I've been coming here for years for the hookahs & drinks & the music is usually on point. I like to go during the week when it's not very crowded & there's just enough ppl that you don't feel like it's empty. This was my first time trying the food & it will most likely be my last. I had the mussels & grape leaves, two things that I thought were pretty easy to perfect. The mussels weren't seasoned enough for me & the grape leaves were too moist and falling apart. These were two of my fav dishes & to not like either was a disappointment. I won't stop going for the hookah and drinks but I'll pass on dining here.I love this place...fun ..welcoming..great music...great food..good hookah...nice crowd...friendly owner..always a good time ....I was last here nearly three years ago and it doesn't seem like much has changed other than my experience level with hookah.
Byblos was my first hookah bar in Philly, but since then I've visited several establishments around the city. I'm now not quite so enthralled with this one. I'm fairly certain it gets by mostly on its prime location in Rittenhouse.
The interior of this place could absolutely benefit from a remodel. Their setup is weird and we were seated right below speakers. As the night wore on, it became increasingly harder to hear my friends over the music. The crowd also changed around 10 pm and I suddenly felt incredibly under-dressed in my shorts and tank.
The hookah itself was good and lasted a while. We chose the strawberry flavor for $20. I didn't like my accompanying raspberry rum cocktail. For the price (something like $12?), it was not worth it at all. It tasted totally watered down or bland. No thanks.
Our server was friendly, but the seats were tight and not that comfortable despite feeling plushy. For the price-tag, I'm not sure I'll be back any time soon, but it's always an option when proximity wins.Went here to order a hookah and relax. The hookah prices are a little pricey, but not the worst. The waitress was attentive and continually brought us new coals, about four or five times without us asking, which was very surprising to me because most places usually give you two or three before they start charging you. The hookah was a little thin on smoke volume but the environment was very chill and relaxing. It was a Monday night so I wasn't expecting it too be crowded anyways. My girlfriend and I were playing cards as we smoked but soon after a waitress informed us that their manager doesn't allow cards or games, which we thought was a little ridiculous because everywhere we went to hookah, especially in the Northern Virginia area which is where we are from, they allow or even encourage it. I'm sure it's a different vibe than on the weekends, but overall I did enjoy the hookah experience here.We went to this place on St Patrick's Day around 9/10 pm. It was not really busy but we were placed on a small table with a group of 6 people. I assume they were hoping to get more guests which did not happen. 
The staff was more average. The waitress did her job without any smiling. 
I cannot really review the quality of the hookah because i don't usually visit these places.This is one of the places in Philly that I would come back to when I visit again. There was nothing special about it, service was average, but it was comfortable. Definitely a cool spot to get a drink. I can't say much for the food. We had mussels and wings that were pretty basic.Service is horrible. Overpriced . Not very welcoming. I'd go pretty much anywhere elseOn a recent trip to Philly, I happened to stumble into Byblos (my first hookah bar). The crowd was lively yet relaxed and I found the bar tender to be extremely friendly and on the spot with the drinks. The menu was very comprehensive and the food looked good (I did not eat). Although I still don't get the point of hookah, I would good back and try the food.This place is dumb as hell. 
Overpriced, overrated, shitty service, too crowded. I mean if you're going to charge so much for hookah, at least be the sort of place where you don't have to crowd your patrons at  the bar because you don't have enough space. Do you know how unrelaxing doing hookah at a crowded bar is? HELLA
I'd write more but this place is so basic that it doesn't deserve any more words from me.I liked the overall ambiance of the place. The waitress we had was rude. She barely checked on us. My friend and I had hookah and we literally had to ask another waitress to change our coal because our waitress was nowhere to be found. The music when we got there was ok. It wasn't my type if flavor, but as the night went on they had a dj and the music got better. The food was ok. I had the angel hair. It tasted like something I could make at home. It was good but was great. As for the drink I had, I had the Caribbean cruise. It was delicious. I would come back to this place again.Hands down best place in the city!! Food, drinks atmosphere and service! Make sure to ask for the Misho shot..dangerously good!!!!The music, layout, and decor are really cool. Very neat first impression while walking in and getting settled. I found the staff very friendly and knowledgeable. I work in hospitality and will definitely recommend!I like Byblos, but I don't love it. The food is mediocre and it's one of the only places to get hookah near center city. The ambience can go from relaxed to semi-formal. 
I think my biggest turn off, is that it gets really cramped at night and the crowd tends to be a bit creepy. It is definitely a great place to eat outdoors though and to hang out with friends. Keep in mind, if you go really late, it does go from a restaurant atmosphere to a noisy lounge in which you will not be able to hear anything, including yourself think. 
My rating is biased because I go for the sake of catching up with friends and eating, so I enjoy going here during daytime/evening. 
Regardless, if you are trying to get picked up by creepy men who show up in suits because they want to give off the impression that they are fatigued white collar professionals who do not have the time to go home and change... and just happened to stumble upon Byblos. Show up after 10:30/11 and you are golden. Enjoy :)Went there last Thursday and first time getting a table which I will never do again.  The waitress was horrible and charge us for thing that we didn't order.   I love going to this place when I'm home visiting but Will only order at the bar.Very nice place good ambiance very good music, if you like mid-east style music that is, the bar tenders are cute and ofcourse very accommodating.  It does get extremely crowded here though so please beware of that specially on a Friday night.This place is a rip off. They charge too much for drinks... it is too cold and the music is awful. 
It is too expensive to even bother sit there. The waitresses are bitches with such attitude that it is hard to order something. 
My advice - Don't go there.Besides being a nicely put together hookah bar that has been around for years btw. I have recently have discovered this delisciously amazing dish. Seafood Paella!!!. It has to be along the lines of being the best in the city. My only complaint would be more rice would be nice. But the dish is outstanding. I absolutely loved it and will be going back for more.Byblos.  My friends' favorite place to go ever.  It's not bad, and can actually be really fun.  But its crowded, and pretty expensive.  When I say crowded, I mean elbow to elbow, and basically hope and wish you have room near the bar or if you're amazingly lucky a table, otherwise you're just going to be awkwardly standing in someone's way with your rather overpriced drink.
The hookah ain't bad, I recommend the Mango flavor, it was actually pretty good.  If you can actually find the waitress or she stops by or whatever, you can ask for more coal or those tips or whatever, so that's definitely a plus.  I don't really go out to hookah that much, but apparently according to every other review here $25 dollars is expensive for it, so I guess I'll say its expensive.
The drinks are decently made, but I'm going to say the are on the more expensive side, there are definitely other places that are cheaper, or better yet drink before you go out, that always saves money.
The vibe/atmosphere at Byblos isn't too bad, the music ain't bad either, you can sorta dance.  I personally find it better than all the random classic rock and Journey playing at many of the other bars.
Definitely stop by to check it out, Philly has a lot of those "Journey" ~esque bars so this is a nice change.Byblos is one of the best hookah bars in Philly. The decor is stylish, but if you're going on a weekend night, prepare for an enormous crowd that manages to cram its way into every space of the joint - stay hydrated, because even in the dead of winter, it feels like a sweatshop. If you're going for food, definitely make a reservation - seating is limited.hookah's not bad, incredibly loud inside, drinks are expensive, it says $5 margarita at front door but actually its $9, might comeback and try other flavor of hookah next time but will not order drinksCool place to hang out with a couple friends. Hookah bar with smoking inside (don't see many places like this anymore). casual with outside tables during the warmer months. Above average service and decent variety on the menu.My experience here with my sister and cousin was horrible. I know that we are the easiest people to serve when we are out. Both my sister and I work in the industry and we know how it is to serve. Our server made our experience here so unpleasant that we will never return again. She was miserable from the beginning. I understand she was a little busy and maybe flustered but not once did she smile at us or give off any kind of friendly vibes. She was so negative. If the service is slow, I understand. Just let us know and we are understanding. Don't take out your frustrations out on us when we just sat at our table. We only had a round of drinks and decided that we would go elsewhere because of how bad the service was. When I politely asked her for the check, she came back to the table and tossed it on our table and walked away. We were looking for a nice, relaxing night out and had a horrible one instead.I find myself coming to Byblos after being out at happy hour and wanting to extend the night a little longer. The music is loud but it's always something really good. It gets really packed on the weekends.
They have a wide selection of hookah flavors, and their cocktails are strong but tasty. The only thing is, it's all a bit overpriced. I don't usually get food here, just drinks and hookah, but my friends and I still find ourselves spending more money here than when we go out elsewhere. The service isn't usually that great either. Byblos still remains on my list of places to go when I'm already out and want to chill with friends and get in a dancey mood with their music. Don't go here if you want something intimate, though. It's pretty loud.Quiet during the day (and has wifi!) and very loud during the evening (turns into a proper lounge) - though if you want to grab a few seats outside there are heaters and it is comfortable. The hookah is good but no hot drinks served after 10pm (hence minus a few stars).I visited Philly over the weekend from North Carolina and came to Byblos to meet a friend. While the waitress that we had was attentive and checked on us regularly, one of your bouncers made the experience an unpleasant one. I didn't get his name, but he's a bald black man. What turned my friends and I off was the offensive language that your bouncer was using. He was speaking to a woman that was seated next to us outside and he used the word "faggot" a couple of times when talking to her about something. Even if I were not a gay man myself, his language was not acceptable, especially if this bouncer is supposed to be representing this business, He needs to understand how inappropriate his words are. As a bouncer, his job is to make sure that people in Byblos feel safe. I can only imagine how he would treat those from the LGBT community. Of course, the bouncer is entitled to his opinions and beliefs, but that doesn't excuse him from using the word "faggot" when referring to gay people. The word is extremely offensive, plain and simple. I hope that Byblos addresses this accordingly.Servers were friendly but very inattentive at times. Walked by us numerous times obliviously while we tried to peg them down for some water or another coal. Once they brought us the coal they did just that, brought it to us and put it on our hand for us to light and put on our hookahs ourselves. No service at all if I wanted to maintain my own hookah I would smoke it at home. Other than that the atmosphere was mediocre. Good house music.Way too expensive and unfriendly staff. Hookah was sub-par and way overpriced, as were drinks.over priced, the security staff is rude and touchy. The manager, or whoever he is, is a rude snake.A change of pace from your usual night out.
Yes, it gets packed here on weekends and drinks are pricey, so pregame somewhere else and then come to Byblos to:
- dance to Arabic music
- smoke some hookah
- people-watch
- pretend you're in the middle east.
I've yet to encounter rudeness on the part of staff or patrons. I *have* been pulled into joyful group dances by complete strangers. Love.Its an ok hookah spot. No complaints, the music was on point.Came here late on a Sunday night. There was a good amount of people and as the night went on, it got pretty packed. Our server was very polite and spoke both English & Russian. Fun atmosphere. Food, drinks, hookah, a DJ, and a belly dance performance. Definitely coming back.If you like ethnic music an amazing and diverse crowd and some good hookah, you can't go wrong at Byblos!I LIKE THE music here especially on Sunday. A LIL TOO CROWDED Sometimes but over all good atmosphere.I'm still surprised there are only like 5 places in the whole city to get hookah, but I guess it's not that high in demand.
Kind of a wannabe-classy establishment, with music that's blaring loud on a Wednesday night and super dark to hide the chips in the odd Roman bath-type walls and floors theme they've got going on.  It's kinda charming in a dirty city way, though.
Overall, the meal and hookah was a pleasant experience.  Hummus was pretty basic, but it definitely wasn't enough for the heaping pile of pita bread, which could have been much softer.  Fried calamari was good, nothing special, but the hidden fried pieces of jalapeno peppers left a bad taste on my palate. The lamb kibobs over rice with some type of yogurt sauce was actually pretty excellent, so I was pleased with that.  Boyfriend's whiskey sour drankkk was done right, so that's a plus.
Got the mango hookah and went through a couple coals.  Pretty nice, though I'd like to try the other flavors they had, specifically Fuzzy Lemonade.  Sounds intriguing.
Overall, I'd go back, but I'd still prefer Fez, where you can unwind and relax on the plush couches and throw pillows, rather than sit upright in an uncomfortable chair on a hard marble table.
P.S.-  Music playlist was my style, but expect to hear a lot of Reggaeton and Usher club hits, as opposed to the usual Bollywood-type stuff.Terrible shisha. Staff who generally do not care at all. Most of the wait staff is busy on their phones to tend to their customers. Food is mediocre at best. Decor and location are ok. But the service is atrocious.I'm not a fan of hookah but based on ambiance and drinks... I didn't like the cocktail selection and the music was on WAY too loud this past Sat night... SO loud that I had to scream into the people's ears when they were sitting next to me.One of the only places in Philly where people can still smoke.  However, it's a narrow catwalk to get to the back, so watch out if you're wearing anything flammable.
They are opening up two more floors including a roof top in June.  Definitely an amazing place.  Saturday, Sunday, always packed, dancing on the tables, stiff drinks, hot middle-eastern women, no complaints.
Definitely going back for the opening of the next two floors.Very good music on weekends. The DJ is pretty good here. Go for the hookahs, you will not be disappointed. A tad expensive.In my younger days, "going into the city" meant "going to Byblos".  This place never carded, and we could pull off ordering a couple hookas for a reasonable dollar.
However, the vibe and crowd here has transitioned into a more sophisticated group (maybe it's because I have become more sophisticated myself..hmm..up for debate). What a perfect place to spend a warm evening observing the street traffic with friends in Rittenhouse.  Good music and good vibes..and they give you gauntlets of wine, which just ups the fun.  I'd say by far the best hookah bar I've descended upon in Philadelphia.So this place often wins by default on a Friday or Saturday night as there aren't many hookah joints to start my night off at before venturing to a club. 
But I can't say out of the dozen times I've come here that it was ever great. 
A) I will totally vouch for the food. It's authentically Greek and certainly adds to the experience. 
B) The hookah is also VERY good most of the time. (Though I have gotten a crappily made hookah that wouldn't hit before and the waitress snapped when I asked if she could fix it). But flavor selection and shisha quality is good.
C) This place is always packed beyond capacity so it gets to be a little uncomfortable. I also think it's a DICK MOVE to knowingly try to get us to buy hookah 30 min before close knowing that it lasts an hour or more and that you'll be rushing us out in 15 min. Also, their bouncers are dicks. I get it, you want everyone out ASAP at 2am. But there's nicer ways to tell people to get the flip out then actually saying GET THE F898 OUT. You could be nicer to people waiting to close our their tabs. 
All in all, it's not a terrible joint. I can't say that I love the staff as they come off rude more often than not (my people and I are always extra friendly to staff because most of us work or have worked in the industry). The hookah is good. The food is good. The atmosphere is good. But if you come after 11pm on a weekend, expect to be packed in like a sardine can. Also, keep in mind, it's more of a lounge than restaurant on the weekends. So if you're looking to hang out rather than have a quiet dinner, this is a decent choice.Hookah was horrible and drinks sucked. Don't waste your money. The service was so so. It's a small place next time I will try some other spotNever tried their food because I went on a late night for hookah and drinks. Hookah is 30 dollars and absolutely terrible.  They have people who know completely nothing about hookah setting them up. The Quick lite coals they use give off a very unpleasant odor. The place is a mess,  the cushions of the booth I was sitting in had trash in them. This place is a no-go for surePopped in this restaurant while on a work trip and wanted to try their crab and pasta dish. While the dish was ok it was the service that brought me to yelp. I ordered my food and then was asked for my id and card before I received anything. When I asked the waitress why, she gave a complete bs answer. Definitely wondering if this is a selective rule depending on the demographic. You hold someone's I.D. And card for a "tab". That's the first time I've ever heard of one drink and an entree to be a tab. As I ate I got to watch them smoke hookah and dish the latest work gossip. Wouldn't go back or recommend to anyone. Philly has way too many options to come hereI read other reviews that said it gets pretty crowded.  We stumbled into Byblos around 5ish and it was a great experience.  The grilled calamari are amazing.  Our waitress was very attentive and would come by to blow the ash out of our hookah.  Next time I'm in philly, this is my #1 spot to go back to.Horrible service. Owner of this establishment was very rude and arrogant. All of the food was disgusting and the hookah had a wierd taste because of their cheap tobacco and coal.Fun place! Went for drinks and a hookah. Service was laid back but friendly. 
We didn't eat dinner, but other people's stuff smelled good. Also, I totally peeked at the neighbor's tables, and it looked good, too. ;-)
The atmosphere and decor were funky (although it could use a good cleaning / refreshing). Drinks were pretty basic, but hey! It's a hookah bar!Ok so I been coming here for years...but honestly there hookah is amazing and I enjoyed the atmosphere it awesome if you are looking for a date nite or a hanging out with friendsi always enjoyed there Thursday nite special with hookahPoor management, poor service, poor hygiene.  After an incident of a cockroach crawling on the wall, the manager tried to kill it and instead of apologizing, stated that only if we buy a round of drinks would he give us a free complimentary hookah.  Mind you we already had been smoking a hookah we ordered prior to the incident.  The manager never apologized for what happened and became incredibly defensive.  We could have gotten over the cockroach, these things happen.  But the service and general attitude by management was what drove us away.  My advice for this place is "enter at your own risk."Love love love this place!!! Not only is the hookah the best I've had in the states, but the food is delicious!!! Definitely a must! Their seafood dishes are delicious and for the meat eaters the shawarma is a great selection as well as the filet mignon cheesesteak! Mouthwatering! Definitely give this place a shot! All the bartenders are great! Shout out to Sharon! She's amazing! And the owners are so involved and always make you feel welcome and at home. Big thumbs up!Definitely have to give it up to Byblos as something different in this city. Had a friend come in from out of town and was told Byblos was the spot I should go to for a relaxing outing. Because of all of the reviews for a weekend night I decided to call ahead and it was definitely worth it(Though they don't take reservations past 10:30 so if its later than that don't hold your breath). It became packed a little after 11 with some of the best looking mixed crowd I have seen in Philly. I didn't get a chance to see the Guido's, thugs, or valley chicks mentioned below, so that night might be on Saturdays. :)
I was most shocked by how inexpensive the place was, because the entire set up and presentation was pretty good(drinks were a little below Philly average and they had pretty good pricing on appetizers). This point leads me to one of the most personal reviews I have ever written. Now I'm no punk but I have to give a disclaimer out...If you didn't eat since lunch and try to hookah and drink it up you will be sorry. 
I had to put myself on time out in the woman's bathroom for a good 5-10 minutes, take a couple of deep breaths...and dry the beads of sweat off my face. Not the best site surrounding by gorgeous females but being the MAN that I am.. I pulled myself together, took a quick shot of H20 and continued on one of the best nights I've had in Philly since moving. 5 star rating well deserved and If anyone else wants to go I am always up for it.
P.S. I know you guys on Yelp are sarcastic assholes so I am expecting the jokes and already have a two word response for all of ya.Smoke a little hookah, drink some chilled Sauvignon Blanc or Riesling, Spanish fries, scallops, chicken Cesar salad, are a few of my favorites. It gets SUPER SUPER packed but for happy hour or an early dinner this is a great choice.Clubbing music combined with low-lit tables and hookahs?  It's like someone got super stoned and came up with what they thought was a briliant idea!  Byblos is fun but don't bring someone here if you're trying to impress.One word: SKETCH
Despite the moth-eaten blanket thrown over what I bet is a cover for dubious activities of some sort, the food isn't bad. We mistakenly ordered cocktails: not only were they barely palatable (think something served in a red plastic cup) but they also charged us three dollars more per drink than the prices clearly stated on the menu. The staff were largely inconsiderate and made us feel as if we had stumbled into a secret operation or conspiracy that they were forced to delay until we finished our decent (but incomparable to other places in this genre) meals. 
I can only imagine the crowd this place attracts on weekend nights when, if you live in the neighborhood, you have to navigate crowds on the sidewalk outside that bring back memories of misadventures at college frat parties.Sketch-O-Rama. For some reason, everyone looks shady in Byblos.  Maybe its the ton of shisha smoke in the air.  Or that stepping into Byblos is like stepping into Dodge City in the 1800's = total disregard for laws.  Which of course makes it SO fun.
I love that the owners just nod at you and open the big door leading into Shadeville.  The drinks/bartenders are so-so, but no one really is here for the drinks.  The music is an awesome mix of World Hits with occasional hip-hop thrown in.  There are plenty of cool nooks on the walls to sit in (and you will want to once this place gets packed.)  I've seen more than one couple come out of the bathroom here.  People smoke openly, with little regard for the bar smoking ban.   The bar rarely regards the 2am closing law; I've exited this place at 4am on more than 1 occasion.   Crazy fun!   If none of this sketchiness appeals to you, don't go to Byblos.  
The only reason I won't give it 5 stars is because I often spot people smoking hooka and acting all heroin-chic stoned.   B*tches please, its freaking tobacco, not opium.  Stop playing.They have an awesome selection of hookah flavors and a great drink selection. Drinks are a bit pricey. The atmosphere and music selections are great! It isn't a big venue, so seating is limited. The bar area fills up fast as standing room only. It's all hit or miss for seating. I went once and was sat immediately, went another time and waited about 30 minutes for a table. Overall, this is a great hookah bar and I definitely recommend it!been here twice now and tried hooka for the first time.
it definitely gives u a buzz...*.* and the mint + (any fruit) tastes wonderful
we tried the melon and it was pretty nice. usually in the inside when it's cold it fills up quickly and you have tons of awesome music so you can enjoy the night.
last time i went with a group of friends, we sat outside and enjoyed the warm weather and great company. it was pretty awesome. the waitress was so nice (i think she had a twin) so two thumbs up. It's definitely a hip crowd and lots of young professionals that gather up here. mostly surgeons that come for a buzz and a good time. havent had the food there though...heard it's not that great. But, if you are up for good music and a good time. i'd say it's the place to go.Not much hookah variety in this city, but Byblo's stands out because it's nicer, offers good music with a Rittenhouse cool crowd. My friend had her birthday here and was able to have a nice dinner and drinks while those who wanted, tried the hookah.
I challenged someone to a smoke off in here, and met some great people here. We were sent glasses of champagne to celebrate my friends' birthday.Byblos is the best hookah bar in Philly. It's the perfect place to have a great time. They serve amazing food and even better hookah. The staff are very nice and the owner is perfect. Personally, I'm not going to try another hookah bar because Byblos is the best.Went last night for the first time. Saw friends from work. The hookah was good and I would definitely go again but earlier to find a seat. It was very dark but not dark where I couldn't see.i wish i could give NO STARS! i have been here a handful of times and due to this 1 unforgivable experience i will NEVER go back, nor recommend this place to anyone. it was my sister's bday but also a congrats party on the purchase of her first home. we wanted to take her out on a night out on the town. too bad it started off with a TERRIBLE note! the table we were given was right next to the dj, it was so loud in there that i couldnt hear the person next to me! the furniture is so big and bulky that it leaves no room for walking. needless to say that the servers were so cranky to have to work in an freakin zoo of a restaurant. we had finished our meals but were waiting on some drinks and the bday cake to come out. during that time a few of us went outside for a smoke break. another server with curly dirty blonde hair, who was not our server, came over to our table and asked my sister if we were leaving becuz they had another group of ppl waiting for their table rsvp. my sister said no and stated that her asking was very rude. the server came back about 5 mins later and started to "apologize" to my sister. her apology looked and sounded more like an initiation to start a fight. it was very shocking to go to a place, where you expect decent service but end up with ppl screaming at you with the intent to kick you out of your table or start a fight. to make a long story short: #1... loud & crowded, #2 they double booked a table and tried to kicked us out, #3 server almost started a fist fight with clientele. if you want to get into a fist fight during dinner when your trying to enjoy a night out with ur closest friends, then by all means go this god forsaken place.Not big enough, AT ALL. Wasn't even seated. But it was super over crowded to be a hookah bar, it was more like a "hookah club", which doesn't mix. They have seats and tables all along the walls of the paths they have to walk in... And the tables have big huge hookahs on them with exposed HOT burning coals. I was scared the whole time of gettin burned while moving around.Hookahs overpriced, crowd is plentyful with no space. Get there early if you want a table, there better spots in the city for hookah.A most wonderful Atmosphere with top tier service and delicious food! Always will come back for a good hookah and tasty dinnerThis is my favorite hangout place. 
If you like dancing and hooka, this is your place. Go there on Saturdays for the best music. 
What most people don't realize at Byblos is that the food is relatively cheap and pretty good.
Downside is that sometimes it gets too crowded.Music, great. Food is good. Drinks are nice. Hookas are supposed to be good until  i had a bad experience past weekend, along with the poorest service both from  manager and waitress (blonde w dread locks)
Everything was fine until hooka brought to table did not work as they usually do. She tried to fix it, but still, hooka did not work properly. she was nice in trying to fix it when at the table, but they took too long to fix it in the back. I asked for it to be cancelled. When I sked for the check, they still charged me for.it $20.....manager comes later. I explained situation politely, basically called me a liar, he only took $10 off a hooka that i did not get to enjoy!!!. What a rip. BUT FINE!.....THIS IS AN EXAMPLE OF BAD SERVICE!!!.....on top of things they will not serve you if you dont give them your crecit card and id, and they will hold it even if you request it back!!!.this is not legal and this is not how all restaurants operate under the law.Oh, Byblos. Somehow I keep winding up there, even though I'm not that huge a fan. Pretty much every night of the week from Wednesday on is super crowded, so that's a good sign. They play a lot of house and Middle Eastern music, which is nice. The hookah is usually good, although on certain nights (and depending on how drunk they think you are), extra charges have been known to appear magically on the bill. I never really get drinks there, as I'm usually done with the boozing by the time we head over to Byblos.One of the best places in the city! Let me tell you why. It's not big and it's not decorated with crystals, but serving excellent food, serving reasonably-priced hookah, spinning music from all around the world, being able to sit and relax or stand and dance, and being it easier to mingle with other people, makes this place one the best places in the city. Yes, you can find bigger place with fancy decoration, you can find hookah, you can find places where you can sit and relax, but you won't find all of what Byblos offers in one place! Someone complained that a drink was 10$. Just remember than you are in center city, not in some local bar in a rural area. Prices are very reasonable compared to other places in the city. Besides, in general there's no cover charge! I tried their food few times, and I always want to eat there even when I'm not really hungry! It's served elegantly and delicious every time. I give 5-stars to the chef. Most importantly, this is place where you find people from all around the world! I go there every weekend, and some times during the week just to sit outside, smoke a hookah, and enjoy the weather. Waitresses are nice and good looking. Highly recommend this place! And maybe you will see me there :-)This is a pretty popular and fun place to hang out with friends, and get drinks, food, and hookah.  It is very busy on weekends but there's no cover and the prices are good for the location.  Food is good but not astounding, with a very broad menu of both Andalucian and Middle Eastern dishes.  The spinach pie is a tasty appetizer and the seafood paella is nicely seasoned.  Overall, a good place for a light meal and drinks on the weekend.I love the ambiance of this place.  Peach flavored tobacco, middle eastern snacks and hip-hop thumping in the background.  I've only ever visited on a thursday...with good results.  I generally take a group of people with me, so we've had at least a 15 minute wait each time.  I'm not a fan of waiting, however, they give us free hookah to start out, so my complaints are nullified.  Ohhhh....the bill adds up QUICKLY!!  It's easy to blow over $100 in an hour, so watch it!I always have a great time at Byblos.  It's tough to explain why I like it though... the best I can do is a list of random things the place has going for it:
1) I've never had to wait in line, yet the place is always comfortably full (not packed) when I get in.
2) The music is loud enough to dance to, but it's possible to have a conversation over it.  
3) You can get a hookah even if you can't get a table, as long as you can find a ledge to put it on.
4) I've found that people actually say "excuse me" when they have to push past you, and everyone I've drunkenly chatted with while waiting for the bathroom has been nice enough.
What can I say, it's just a fun place.Last night, I had an amazing meal! Salmon with mixed vegetables and a side of rice. To die for.. I also tasted a piece of lamb! So delicious and I never ate lamb before as I'm  not a red meat eater! This place has the best food. 
Hookah is good. My favorite flavor is blue mist and mint. I tried the fruit with blue mist and mint hookah and I believe it's the best! Atmosphere and staff are pleasant. Great music, happy hr deals are good too. Byblos is a great place. 
Bathroom is clean and spacious. Location is great although if you drive , you have to pay for parking.Byblos is good. Do I think it's on the pricier side? Yeah. Does the ambience make up for it? Meh. $20 for a hookah is pretty pricey in my book, but at least unlimited coals are included in the price. I would recommend getting a mint flavor, as they tend to last longer than the fruit ones (special mint is pretty good). What I really can't stand about this place, though, is the 1 drink minimum if you want to sit at a table. The drinks are pretty pricey! However, if you sit at the bar there is no one drink minimum and there is a happy hour special that's decent. 
Lastly, this place is DARK when you walk in. Like way dark. Like, hold on, give me a minute while my pupils dilate to the full extent, DARK. There's a U-shaped bar on a pseudo-elevated level when you first walk in that really helps to separate the tables and lounge seating. After having sat at the table, I think the bar is better. It's not as loud (there's a DJs at night) and there tends to be more room for mingling and such. I hear there are much better places to go to in Philly, so I wouldn't recommend this as a must stop if you're looking for hookah. Check out the other, more reasonably priced options in old city.Loud music but not too loud that you can not hear yourself speak. Very nice wait staff and you can get a great variety of hookah flavors for only $20. I only got the hummus and pita appetizer but they gave us a very generous amount of pita and replaced it when we ran out. Would definitely go here again!Nice owner, nice bartender, fucking awful door guy. Still I recommend the place. I'll  avoid this guy. Obviously he hates his job and anyone who goes there. I recommend firing a jerk that does not appreciate having a job. Tried to engage him when I got there and when I was leaving. Both times asked him about the area and he simply did not want to be helpful. If it was not because of him, the experience would have been flawless.If I could give Byblos zero stars I would, but that is not an option.  I was there last night with a large group and it was by far the worst restaurant experience I have ever had.  From the service to the food, very little was done right.  The first sign that should have tipped me off that this was going to be a bad experience is when we were asked for a credit card and license to hold behind the bar (after I had already given a $150 deposit two weeks ago to reserve for a large 16 person group).  More on this later.
SIgn # 2....as I mentioned, we had a large group, but we made reservations two weeks ago so it should not have been a surprise.  When we arrived, there were absolutely no table settings and not enough seats for our party.
Sign # 3....as I looked around the restaurant, absolutely NO customers were ordering food (keep in mind this was during Restaurant Week), they were only ordering drinks and smoking hookah
Now to the food and service.  First course was vegetable soup that clearly came out of a can.  Bland with those unmistakeable potato and carrot cubes that you remember from when you were a kid.
Course # 2 was a choice of cold tappas.  I had hummus which was decent enough, but served with thin and flavorless pita wedges
Coures # 3 was a hot tapas.  I had a tasty spanakopita which was a nice size portion.  This was the only highlight of the meal for me
Course # 4 was the entree.  I ordered tuna in a ginger and garlic sauce with julienne vegetables.  At this point, there was at least a 20 minute wait between each course prior, but the entrees took nearly an hour to come out.  When they finally did arrive, my tuna was brown and crisp on the outside, gray and dried out on the inside.  There was absolutely no sign of any garlic or ginger and the vegetables tasted like they had been marinaded in sea water for 12 hours.  It was completely inedible and I sent it back.  Since we had already been at the restaurant for nearly 3 hours due to poor service, I just requested that they take my meal off of the bill.  Their initial response was that they could give me a free drink.  At this point we said we do not want to stay here any longer than we have to and all we wanted was my meal taken off the bill which they finally did. (Update...upon further inspection of the bill that we took home with us, we discovered that my meal was NOT taken off of the bill.  pricks!  If we weren't so tired and angry last night I surely would not have missed this).  
As I mentioned above, service was terrible.  While our server was sweet, it does not make up for the fact that nothing was ready for us, food came out at a snail's pace (again, nothing other than the entrees should have taken long considering they were things like hummus, spankopita, etc that was most likely mass prepared earlier in the day), she did not come back at all during any course to see how everything was, etc.  I understand that we were a large group and it was restaurant week, but again they had two weeks notice of our group size AND we were the only table ordering food.  By far one of the dumbest things our server did was at the end of the meal.  Since we had been there over 3 hours at this point, most people were tired and restless so we asked for the dessert (bakalavah) to go.  After 10 minutes of waiting, the server came back and said "The dessert is normally served with ice cream....how do you want us to pack that?"  Are you f'ing kidding me????  Forget the stupid ice cream and just pack the pastry (which by the was delicious and clearly not made there....I imagine they purchased it from one of the many competent bakeries in the area because there is no way that kitchen churned out something this tasty given the rest of the meal)
Back to my original point about the need to take our credit card and license when we were seated.  I can only imagine that this restaurant has been stiffed on the bill on more than one occassion due to all of the things I mentioned above.  I cannot say enough bad things about Byblos.  Do not waste your time or hard earned money at this place.  If you want quality Greek/Mediterannean food go to Effie's, Kannelli's, Zahav, etc.  If you want to smoke hookah, go to one of the many University City or South Street area hookah bars.   This place sucksWe wanted to go to a hookah bar at night and found this one on yelp and it was near where we were so we decided to give it a try. 
IT WAS SO MUCH FUN!! its like a chill hookah lounge with great music!!
The hookah here is pretty good too and is smooth. We got sex on the beach in a grapefruit. The best part is that this hookah bar serves alcohol!!
Will definitely be back again!They usually don't have a cover charge when I go but when I went on Saturday night around 10/1030 PM, there was a $10 cover which i thought was too much. We go inside and it's packed with no tables available - we were going to get food and hookah so obviously we were a bit annoyed. We asked the hostess how long it will take to get a table and she estimated about 30 minutes but it was first come first serve. So all four of us squeezed into the bar area where there was one seat available luckily. We ordered a round of drinks trying to pass the time until one of us went to ask for a table. Luckily, we were able to get one! My chair was a little beat up which I'm assuming is from the hookah. Once we got to our table, we ordered a watermelon mint hookah which was a great flavor. But oh my gosh, service is sooo slow here! My friend ordered an entree at least 15 minutes before I did and I somehow got mine before him. Food was good but pricey, which wasn't what I expected for a hookah lounge. Unfortunately, we had to tell our waitress several times to get some water and utensils which was annoying. For that cover charge, I expected a table right away and great service but left disappointed. The only thing I liked about the place was the music!