I've been loving this place since it opened.  JC the chef has serious skills which are mostly evident at dinner, but brunch is terrific as well. Great vibe, fresh ingredients, a super value. I'm so happy it's in my neighborhood!Totally awesome weekend brunch place that is rarely crowded! The location is slightly hidden on Washington, but the food is tasty: the vegetarian enchiladas were DELICIOUS. Reasonably priced meals. Loved the authentic chips and salsa that start off the meal.Heck yes to another restaurant opening on Washington Ave! This place has been open for about 2 months now and I finally made my first visit this past weekend--and it's not at all what you would expect. 
First of all, it's so well decorated and bright. It definitely lightened my mood and helped to start off the day right. And they played great latin music (ie, a latin cover of that song from Titanic). Secondly, holy cheap prices! $2.50 for a giant iced coffee, $7 for my meal? Yes please. Thirdly, my veggie enchiladas were delicious. A small bed of shredded lettuce, enchiladas filled with veggies, a nicely spiced red sauce, and topped with a fried egg. Yumz in my tumz. 
I wasn't a fan of the salsa verde--something seemed a tad off--but everything else was so good. I'm so glad Cafe Ynez is in my neighborhood and I'll definitely be back soon!I heart Mexican. I heart my neighborhood. Naturally, I heart Cafe Ynez. I thank Michelle for introducing me to this place because it's a great addition to the the hood. Only suggestion, I wish they had a few more options in the drinks department. I don't drink coffee and I while I love Jarrito's - I'd like some variety. 
The menu is simple, which makes me happy. I've ordered the fish tacos, shrimp tacos, chicken burrito and the chicken enchiladas. The chicken in the enchiladas was fresh and tender, but could have had a little more flavor. The burrito is fantastic and packs a nice punch, plus there are green peas inside. A first for me there, but I could get into this. Both tacos were good, but the shrimp taco special I had last week was f-ing delicious. When it comes to fruit salsas, I'm a wuss, but the pineapple salsa on these shrimp tacos was perfect. Start to finish, I loved them. I want to go back right now. Seriously. Right now. 
Service is great. Also, solid guac and haven't done the BYOT (Bring Your Own Tequila), but have heard it only adds to wonder of Cafe Ynez.Quaint. Good food. Plentiful servings. 
staff...friendly for the most part. I'd go back, but wouldn't go out of my way.Loved my first visit to Cafe Ynez!  The menu is very small, with a mix of breakfast/brunch and lunch/dinner items.  The pork sandwich was excellent!  Perfectly spiced and a great combination of ingredients and flavors.  I dipped my rotisserie chicken in guacamole, which was awesome.  The complimentary chips and salsa is a nice touch.  The place has a great vibe, is clean and bright, with comfortable booth and table seating options.  Can't wait to go back!I gotta stop ordering through TryCaviar, but seeing as my work building is so far from all the good food and I have a hankering for tacos during lunch, I can't help myself.
Nothing was remarkable or that memorable, but nothing was terrible either- hence the 3 stars.
My steak tacos were on flour tortillas instead of corn (pet peeve) and so, by the time I got it, it was a soggy mess- so much so that one taco I just straight up ate with a fork and knife.  The flavors were just 'aight- again, nothing amazing.  The sauces that came on the side, however, were tasty and helped kick the flavors of the steak up a notch.
My friend ordered the guacamole and seemed to like it.  I tried the chips, and while they were that nice homemade style, they had a funny, almost sweet taste to them.  Not a fan.
Another friend ordered the veggie burrito, which was actually done in a Greek style with spinach, feta and hummus.  While she enjoyed it very much, she said none of it was mixed together enough, so 1/3 of the burrito on the right was just a mouthful of hummus, spinach all up in the middle and hunks of feta cheese on the left.  A little more finesse and a tighter wrap could have made that better. 
Also, the rice and refried beans were lacking in flavor- the rice had peas and carrots in it and kind of tasted like what I could get out a box and the refried beans were underwhelming.  
Overall, I'd much prefer to dine in here and try my food while it's still hot.The food is delicious, the ambiance is nice, and the prices are low. We got the fish tacos, a burrito, the Mexican bruschetta, and tomato soup. Everything was delicious and the bill was only $40! It's a BYOB, too, so next time I'll bring some tequila! They even serve virgin drinks so you can make your own cocktails.What a hidden gem! Cafe Ynez is an awesome spot for some pretty authentic Mexican food. Don't be fooled by the location on Washington Ave. - this is worth a stop. The restaurant is small but cozy with a cool modern diner feel, and the food was great. They give you complimentary chips and salsa verde to start, and we ordered a chicken tostada for the table - highly recommend. My boyfriend had the 3 tacos for $7 deal (taco Tuesday) and I tried the Halambre. Both great! We also grabbed a churro on the way out - worth the $2. Our waitress was really nice and attentive, especially given that a table of 10 walked in behind us. We'll definitely be back, and maybe with some wine or tequila to take advantage of the BYO.Iced cafe mocha & chorizo breakfast burrito--delicious. Friendly employees & a cute place. 
Plus they have a couple tables outside so you can bring dogs. Enjoy!Meeeeeeh. We've been here for dinner a couple times and although the food is ok, it's not amazing in any way. I was expecting a more authentic Latin flavor (I'm Mexican) and was instead met by some sort of Latin/Mediterranean fusion in their only vegetarian burrito. Their only other vegetarian option is a kind of dry black bean burger. I'd give this place 2 stars, but my boyfriend gets a discount for being a member of NextFab so I'll let one more star slide for that cool collaboration.This is a hidden gem. The staff is super attentive and the fact that it's BYO makes it that much better. Great add to the neighborhood and authentic.I heard great things about Cafe Ynez so we decided to give it a try. Burrito was decent, tacos and salsa were just okay. 
The other person in my party requested no onions, they confirmed that was not an issue, however the food he received then had onions on it.Not a pet friendly restaurant. The only reason we choose to visit this very restaurant. Very disappointed, the guy who looks like the owner or the manager was not even friendly. Such a waste of a time going all the way there from our hotels.My friends and I were looking for a BYO mexican brunch and we certainly came to the right place. Small but quaint and festive with the ambiance of a latin american cafe. The mixers for the alchol we brought were amazing! The orange juice was very fresh as was the mango mint mixer. The food was phenomenal. We had some rounds of guac then for brunch we got the enchiladas and steak burrito and the rancheros. All EXCELLENT! The service (our waiter Harris) was phenomenal and our bill was so cheap we were shocked!! Highly recommend!Zack noted this isn't REALLY a Mexican place. It has chips and guac and cute margarita glasses, sure. But his steak burrito was more of a wrap, loaded with warm lettuce and too much sour cream. 
I had chicken tacos, which were a little more authentic, and tasted great. Two overstuffed corn tortillas for $7- not bad. Our server was less than enthusastic, but it didn't bother me too much. Cafe Ynez is very casual. Think of it as the less-mature lil sis of Loco Pez.
BYOB.  
I'd definitely come back to try brunch.Family owned feel. Had steak burritos and pulled chicken egg dish... both were awesome. Equally as nice were the people. I love finding places like this (gems).We stopped in here on a whim since we were visiting Philly and staying in the area. The food was excellent! Fresh and delicious. The service was great. I took off one star because the portions were not very big for the price. I would definately return.I was really excited to try this place out after reading all of the great reviews. Most importantly- if you are looking for Mexican-this is not it, this is more Mexican influenced dishes. Not in any way a bad thing. What unfortunately was a bit of a let down is food itself, not something you would go back for. Ok to try it once, but not in any way something that would set this place apart.The food was delicious. I had a steak burrito and my wife had a steak quesadilla with rice and beans. The quesadilla was better than the burrito, but the service was pretty slow. Will definitely go back for the food, but maybe order take out instead.Food was really good.  Our server, who I think may have also been the owner, was excellent as well.  Easy parking.  Fun, funky little spot.  Bring your own tequila, they sell the margarita mixers freshly squeezed!  Go, you won't be disappointed.We had breakfast (9:30 am is too early for brunch, right?) at Cafe Ynez last Saturday, as we were excited to try a new place in our new neighborhood. All in all, it was a pretty mediocre experience. The location is strange - in the middle of some home renovation companies/warehouses on Washington. We were seated promptly (we were the only table there, actually), but the table was dirty - when I pointed it out our waitress said that the previous server had forgotten to wipe it down (they opened at 9 am - was it dirty all night?). 
We were surprised that a BYOB open for brunch that sold carafes of cocktail mixers wouldn't be prepared for bloody marys, but that was fine. My partner ordered the burrito with chorizo, I had the chorizo & scrambled eggs. Both of our meals were... fine. My eggs were good, but the pinto beans were just OK and I could have used more guac & cheese (there's a tiny sprinkling), and maybe some pico? My partner like the burrito... fine. But neither of us elected to take home the leftovers. Coffee was actually good. 
Our server was nice enough, but ended up carrying on a long conversation with another person (who brought out our food - another server?) who was sitting and charging her cell phone in the next booth. Between that distraction and the rather loud music, we had a difficult time hearing each other, even though the place was empty. 
We'll give it another shot for dinner, perhaps, but sad to say that so far we have not been impressed.The food gets 3-4 stars, but the service and the attitude of two of the people working there is ridiculous (manager in particular).  This is the service industry, people.  Be nice.  Or if you cant, at least pretend like you're nice.  I would go back for the food but the 'tude that I got for no apparent reason will probably keep me from returning.  Hopefully the manager and Co. was just having a bad day.  Is it too difficult to smile and be friendly?Food was good, service was bad. We had a party of 8 and they seemed annoyed despite making a reservation. The waitress was really unpleasant and missed things like silverware and fish tacos instead of shrimp tacos etc. Our lime margarita mix was undrinkable but they did comp that. The food was pretty good but if your looking for a really authentic meal, go east on Washington to taqueria veracruzana. Their menu is bigger with authentic flavors. Guac was really good here though!We thoroughly enjoyed this funky spot for a tex-mex brunch. Service was terrific and the food was 4/5. They are a BYOB and the table behind us was enjoying a tequilla driven brunch, which we plan to do in the future. We will definitely be back to explore more of the menu!Went here because I was given a gift card from a friend. It is really good food and does not weigh you down. This is a very hip brunch-ish spot. For where it is and the establishment, it is overpriced, holding it back from being a 5 star experience. Tried to use the Yelp offer and the waiter did not know about it and offered to phone the manager but I was in a time crunch and had to leave. 
Despite the high menu prices for the area, I will return as I was pleasantly surprised with the quality of the food.I cannot say enough good things about this place. My parents are Mexican and I grew up eating Mexican food; when I miss them, I come here. I mostly come for brunch, but have hit a couple of taco Tuesdays and it was always been amazing food and service.  The guac and the salsa verde (which I ask them to put on my enchiladas) are to die for (almost as good as my mom's) and the people are so nice.  The real hidden gem, though, is the fact that they make all their margarita mixes fresh in house.  I have yet to try one that wasn't delicious. Bring some tequila and an appetite.  Best for brunch: the chilaquiles or the enchiladas (with the salsa verde).We've been to Cafe Ynez twice, once when they first opened and then again last weekend, and both times it's been excellent. 
Very good food, very friendly staff and very welcoming atmosphere. 
BYO beer and BYO tequila for their fantastic mixers. Great guac, great enchiladas. 
Highly recommended and an excellent addition to the neighborhood!Delicious chips and beautiful, smooth, medium spicy salsa verde. Seriously the best salsa verde. Pork tacos were perfection. Those tortillas made my heart sing. My boyfriend ordered a breakfast burrito w/ steak and loved that as well. I ordered a churro at the end of the meal and it was delicious - warm and freshly made at 3:30 pm. Our total for the delicious meal and an extra order of to-go chips and verde was $27 (after tax, before tip). Comfy booth with very pleasant shades drawn over the sunny window.  Loved this place.I live a couple of blocks away so I'm here quite a bit. First, this is WAY better and cheaper than Los Camaradas, so make sure to come here if you need a Mexican food fix. (Only go to LC if you need nachos.) I like the steak burrito the best. During the day you can try the espresso with horchata, which is sweeter than I like my coffee but still delicious.  
Like a lot of Mexican food in the U.S. (especially outside of the southwest), this is not authentic. But it's good for what it is. 
The staff can be extremely warm or a bit brusque. It doesn't really bother me either way, but it might rub some people the wrong way.The most under appreciated brunch in Philadelphia. There is never a line and I always walk away wondering why I ever get brunch anywhere else. Try a churro with the chocolate dipping sauce to satisfy your craving for a sweet breakfast, then try to resist drinking the rest of the chocolate sauce, then go for one of the delicious savory entrees. Lots of great vegetarian options too.Great little find. It's kind of hidden so you have to look but worth it! Food was great, service was awesome, my only issue is/was the place is very very small so if you don't mind sitting on your neighbors lap while you both eat then this is the place for you!!!I have been here several times, mostly good! The one bad thing is I tried to get a churro twice, one time they served it to me and it was hard as a rock, the other they gave me a disclaimer that they were probably not fresh, and therefore it wouldn't be a good idea to get one. If you're going to have baked goods at the counter they should be fresh!
I've gotten one of the salads (4/5), tacos for taco Tuesday (5/5 but spicy), and the vegetarian enchiladas many times for lunch (5/5 every time). The service has always been good, but I believe the first time I went the chips and salsa were not free. The last two times I dined in they were, which is a nice bonus!Great service, lovely people there.  The food was great and served quickly.  Serving size is large.  Fish tacos were fantastic, and their daily special with chorizo and sausage was delicious.  Breakfast burrito was giant and filled with flavors that meld together well!Soon after finding a booth we received chips, salsa, and a fresh juice mixer to healthy up our tequila. While we waited for our food, we were able to appreciate the deliberate diner-esque feel. It is a different ambiance from Cafe L'aube, slightly more welcoming, though L'Aube seemed better suited to be inside NexFab design studios.
 Fish tacos,  2 for $10, were nice plump tilapia strips with a perfect complementary spicy, sweet pineapple salsa and  hit of smoothness from the crema, avocado, and cheese.
Cafe Ynez also boats a rotisserie for chicken. Whole chickens are available to eat in or take out. A thin and very herbaceous skin contained a  smallish  but meaty chicken. The spicy tomatillo sauce is nice, but not even necessary because of all that potent skin flavor.
A whole chicken and 3 sides is $15.  Guacamole was good, as it usually is (except when its bad and then the cook should be slapped). The corn was fine, but the truffle butter that came with it was brilliant. And the slaw/escabeche provided that acid we are all addicted to now. A pretty well rounded meal packageThe food is delicious and the service is attentive!!! A true gem on Washington Ave.  I love the fish tacos and the Mexican coke.  I ventured out and tried the tres leches cake, ok divine!  This place is a BYOB and a perfect place for date night or a group dinner!  They have outdoor seating so you can bring your pup.  I give this place many thumbs up!!!I have no clue how this place got 4 stars...the burritos were terrible...no flavor, just lacking taste and extra spicy. The guac is extra, extra spicy. Will not be back.Cafe Ynez is a little slice of Mexico in Graduate Hospital. The staff is friendly and attentive, and the food is delicious. Tortilla Chips are made in house and are crispy near-perfection (I like a little more salt). It's BYOB, and they have carafes of mixers for the perfect mimosa or margarita. I will definitely be back!This place is fantastic.  I came in on NYE and they were able to accommodate a party of 10 people.  It's also great that it's  BYO - the regular margarita mixes however taste a little watered down though.  The flavored ones however aren't too sweet and are pretty good, but they did run out of them pretty quickly.
I've had the salmon dish here a few times and it so good that I don't want to try anything else.  I love the roasted poblano with creamy queso that comes with it.  The guacamole is also really solid.  I hear the whole roasted chickens are really great too, so although not really Mexican I'll have to give it a try.The cafe has a very fun retro scheme. The food was good, but a few things need tweaking. For example the churros did not come with chocolate. My breakfast burrito was tasty, but on the Washington Ave. burrito scale they only rank mid way. The service was excellent.Authentic Mexican. Fun classic Mexican eatery vibes inside. It's a BYO so bring some tequila and they'll provide the margarita mix. Perfect for brunch or an early dinner. Better Mexican cuisine than most places in center cityCafe Ynez just opened a couple blocks from me!  I stopped by for brunch and was surely impressed.  They are a small place with just a few tables on Washington Ave.  It's kind of funny that they're set between a bunch of marble warehouses but hey, I'm not complaining. 
 They had a simple menu with maybe 10 items, which is a nice change from the hoard of options at most places.  The menu consisted of some Mexican-style dishes with an american flare and all looked delicious.  I also enjoyed the upbeat Latin music playing.  On to the food, I ordered a breakfast cemita.  It was so packed with delicious ingredients and filling I almost couldn't finish it.  It also came with a side salad.  
Can't wait to go back!You're missing everything if you don't go here. Great people. Great vibe. It's what you want.We recently moved to Point Breeze, and we were looking for a local spot to try out. Our friends recommended Cafe Ynez, and we were not disappointed! Their chicken tinga burrito was great; it was filled with more meat than an average restaurant would put in. Moreover, the staff is so friendly; they gave us great recommendations and remember us each time we come back. Last night, we returned for dinner, bringing a bottle of tequila for some Blood Orange margaritas. 
We really love this place. We've only been living in the neighborhood for three weeks, but Cafe Ynez makes it feel like home!My first time here and found the food to be excellent. I got the chicken burrito. It is clear that the chicken was marinated and pulled!  Delicious.  My friend got the carnita tacos.  Cooked well and authentic he said. 
The only con is the parking. Ugh!  What a pain to find a spot.  Once you do, you will not be disappointed.I think this place is great find for the area, but I think the tacos were a bit pricey. I had the fish tacos (2 tacos for $10) and they satisfied my craving but it wasn't the the savory texture I was expecting. The habanero pineapple salsa combined with the avocado and queso fresco was a good combo though. The best fish tacos I had were in LA and I've been searching for an equivalent on the east coast. My search for drool worthy fish tacos continues!This was a great place sits right next to a collaboration workspace. Great feel and great food.So glad Cafe Ynez has come to our neighborhood! It's incredibly cute inside with a friendly, helpful staff. I got a rotisserie chicken with sides to go and it was such a delicious bargain! Well seasoned with very crispy skin. Great coffee too!Great Mexican food and one of the few places on Washington catering to the Graduate Hospital area. The food is really fresh and always delicious. I recommend the pulled pork sandwich and the chicken burritos, both of which are fantastic. Super tasty guacamole and chips as well. 
The place is BYO and make sure to bring your favorite beer, wine (sangria!) or even hard liquor. The place is on the smaller side, so call ahead if you are part of a larger group. If you don't feel like dining in, the pick up option makes this another one of my favorites in the area. 
5/5 would highly recommend for authentic Mexican food!Try this place if you are looking for a BYOB with great Mexican food for a good price! Awesome food and a cool environment! It's a great dinner spot, but you have to go early because they close at 8!Excellent "authentic" Mexican food.  Fun kitschy mid century modern decor.  Awesome that you can BYO tequila for margaritas!   I hope this place is a harbinger for more good places to come that actually serve OUR community on Washington Ave.There were 8 of us for brunch and each dish was delicious. I had hearty, amazing Huevos Rancheros with refried black beans. BYOB. Definitely recommend!Great food, great service and a very reasonable price. I went for dinner with friends and we ordered a wide variety -- it was all great and the lamb Cordero was cooked perfectly (the shrimp, ceviche and guacamole were impressive also). Everyone loved the food, the wait staff, the overall vibe and the fresh fruit mixers for drinks. A fun place that deserves attention!What a disappointment. Out for lunch, so looking forward from previous reviews. I was ready to order the Huevos Rancheros which come with 2 pork tacos. I enquired as to the possibility of changing them to chicken, was shut down completely. Waitress/chef would not make an exception. Did not even offer an up charge for the 2 tbsp of minced chicken. Idiots. Got up, walked.Good food bad service. I like the omelet and burrittos but don't like their strict rules you can't sit 4ppl table even when no one inside.I was working late one night, and decided I wanted some Mexican food, and for it to be something different. I went through the list of places that would deliver and I took to Yelp, like I so often do to insure it was a quality place. Cafe Ynez seemed to fit the bill.
Before placing my order, I looked through the pictures on Yelp. Man, those enchiladas looked goody good. I just wanted one in my belly stat. To my surprise, they were not on the menu to order. So, I dialed them up and confronted them on this travesty. I fully expected them to tell me how to make this dream come true. But no. The enchiladas are only for brunch. This made me sad.
But hey, they had other good looking things, so I got over myself. I got a Tinga Burrito and it was delish. I also got guac and chips, which was a home run. A week later, I ordered again and got the chicken tacos. These were a real prize. The rice and beans were really good as well. And, they make a banging horchata.
All in all, it was a good meal. Now, if they can up their game and make some dinner enchiladas that look, and taste, as good as the brunch ones I oggled, than maybe I will up my rating to 5 stars. 
Make some enchiladas for dinner!So you say you need authentic Mexican chow and you are near South Center City/Point Breeze? Welllllllll lucky you found this joint. Full selection of freshly made Mexican, some Spanish music ambiance, and a very friendly staff. The service was quick, the food was solid, parking was easy. Pen me in for another visit.We ordered a whole prepared rotisserie chicken for dinner last night from Cafe Ynez and it was delicious! We heard great things about their chicken so we were excited to try it, especially because it's right around the corner from us, and I never remember it's there. It blends in with all the construction and commercial shops along Washington Ave. The chicken was perfectly cooked and seasoned! It was super moist and flavorful, and the skin was a bit crispy and not too thick or chewy.
I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 because it was smaller than I hoped/expected for a whole chicken. My husband and I planned to have leftovers for a soup or something today, but we ended up eating the whole thing, along with most of the 3 sides it came with. The sides are also small, but perfect for 2. We got the mexican corn (Amazing!), the fried mexican rice (which was also good), and the refried beans (which we hardly ate) even though they were good, I just wasn't really sure what to do with a container of mashed beans haha. I dipped a couple pieces of chicken in it. Usually I like beans in a taco or burrito.  
I definitely want to go there soon for lunch or dinner because the regular menu sounds really good and the place was very clean and trendy looking. There was only 1 table seated when I went for pickup last night...I think it's too bad they are located in such a random and hidden area. It's great they are BYO and they have different mixers available that sound delicious.I got the tongs burrito and my wife got the soft tacos. Both were superb and full of flavor. I would recommend the burrito if you are a little hungrier. The mix of the Mexican rice with the sour cream was amazing. The ensalada verde salsa was paired nicel as well. Can't wait to try the lomo and the oven roasted chicken!Came here on a weeknight for dinner
FOOD-Great fish tacos with the star being the fish pieces-light and flaky, melts in your mouth! The steak burrito was also tasty
SERVICE-very nice staff, BYOB
Overall the food was good but just not amazing. I would consider doing take out next time but the prices are a tad steep for Mexican takeout.Delicious food and friendly service! Loved this place! The serving portions are good and moderately priced. Will definitely go back.Super tasty tacos! Nice looking little menu, mostly lunch items and breakfast. Dinner wasn't much of an expansion on the lunch menu. BYOB!Excellent fresh and tasty food. I love the quac and the chips are crispy, flaky and delicious. So far my favorite is the Burrito Loco. Nice and spicy!This is hands down the freshest food I have had in Philly in a long time. Perfect flavors, amazing presentation, and reasonable prices. Service is prompt and friendly. Food will take a little longer than you expect, this is only due to how fresh it is. 100% my new Mexican spot.This place is a hole in the wall, in an up and coming  neighborhood that I typically wouldn't venture into, but the other reviews on yelp had me swayed to try it out. Basic in the taco department, but their refried beans were made from black beans--a super tasty twist on a classic.Food was so fresh and delicious. Loved every bite . Atmosphere is cozy and stress relieving. Friendly staff. Great place over all.I've eaten dinner here many times and have always been more than pleased with the dishes I've tried. Today was the first time I had eaten brunch there and I must say it was amazing!!   The portion sizes are always perfect and filling while the cost is always low.  You just cannot beat that!As we walked in today, we met our server Tracey. She was quick and polite. We sat down. Looked around. This place is clean. Retro Mexican kinda look.
Ordered our food. Steak burritos, chicken taco, side of potatoes, and a cafe con leche. As we waited for our food. Water came and shortly after a freshly made bowl of tortillas and dip came over. Surprisingly, this was really good.
Couple minutes later, Tracey is back with my cafe con leche. Warm while milk with a frothy milk foam and a hint of coffee. It was just right. It might be my new fav drink. 
Chicken taco with a side of potatoes and steak burritos came out. I am in shocked. The chicken taco was delicious. Nice and fresh. Intense flavor of smokiness with the sauce. My steak burrito was huge. Fresh, hearty, and perfect. It's the first time I have to say "someone really made this with love." It was just perfect all the way around. 
Tracey, was an all around hostess, server and bus person. She was a one person team of jack of all trades. I think she makes the experience this cafe really good. She was knowledgable about the food and drinks.
This place probably has about 10 tables. They also do take out. Parking is hard to find here. Lots of loading zones infront of this place. Overall, I'd come back again and again and refer tons of people here.If I lived closer cafe ynez would be a problem .. for my waistline .
I've been here twice once for a quick breakfast and the other for a full on dinner with mixers galore! 
My breakfast nachos held up pretty good even  though they were to go the toppings stayed in place and I had no issue riding nj shotgun stuffing my face. The egg on top could have been a tad runnier but still some solid nachos for under 10.00 and the portion was legit . 
The dinner service was awesome the same friendly lady was my server this time I was with a duo of regulars and they steered me in the right direction . We shared the guac and salsas to start and I ordered the fish tacos . I will say the rice and beans would be a good option as an addition if it wasn't so pricey. We tried pretty much all of the mixers since we booze heavy that way and they all went well with Ketel and tequila.
Pretty low key Friday and the perfect place to start the turn up .... I mean why turn down when you can turn all the way upYnez has a lot of my favorite things going for it: Mexican food, diner decor, and super-friendly waitstaff. This place has been on my list since it opened, so I was really happy to have brunch here yesterday. The bike parking is basically non-existent, so that was a bummer, but this is in a strange transitional area right on the border between South Philly and Graduate Hospital. We were seated immediately in a comfy booth with retro tables and really interesting artwork. My only other complaint is a lack of simple syrup or liquid sweetener for the iced coffee, but I'm just being picky. 
I split the breakfast burrito and the Chilaquiles entrees. The burrito was definitely the better dish, although it was a bit dry. It had a lot of great ingredients, but could have used a little kick of something, or perhaps some smothering. The chilaquiles on the other hand were almost drowning in salsa verde. I know this is a traditional dish, but this one had borderline too much salsa and not much else going on. Both of them were solid dishes with 5-star potential, and the service here is fantastic. I like the size of the menu and the prices are really excellent compared to basically any other brunch in the city. I'll be back!Got the chipotle chicken burrito amg guacamole with chips. I found the food to be expensive and totally mediocre. I'll skip this place in the future and get Mexican from place a bit more traditional.My husband and I have been there twice and loved the food. Chips and guac were excellent. We brought wine both times and drank it out of cute cactus margarita glasses. 
I had the carne asada salad and my husband had chicken tacos- which were the highlight for sure!
The price is so low, and the quality so high. I hope this gem makes it. I've been bringing all of my neighborhood friends hoping that they return. 
Oh, both times Pitbull was playing on the radio and there were fun Pitbull facts on the screen. 
Both times we have been extremely satisfied but the second time the service was terrible. Customers were a distraction to hanging out.The first time my friends and I headed here for brunch we were not impressed with the selection. It was tiny and not many veggie friendly options. The food was good though and the staff nice. 
We just went back today and were pleasantly surprised with a much larger menu! The portions were great and the starter chips are an excellent addition. They appear to use Rival Brothers coffee (yay!) and the pastries look delightful. 
This place is on a really industrial corner of Washington Ave so you don't expect much, but the ambiance inside is friendly, clean and cute. The teal coffee cups are a nice touch too. 
Staff is friendly, attentive and seem happy. Am really glad these place is doing well and hope they survive being in a strange off the beaten path location.The food is excellent every time. Take out is fast. Dine in is friendly. The steak tacos and chicken tinga burrito are among our favorites. Love the chips, but the guacamole does seem a little pricey (but then SO delicious...).  Fantastic addition to Washington!We visited for brunch this morning and loved the food - I've traveled deep in the heart of Mexico on 20+ trips and this place serves real Mexican food. We tried tons of stuff and loved it all. Great service - these folks seem to care. Can't wait to return with a bottle of tequila for dinner!!!!!The food is incredible. The service is fantastic too. Our server's name was Elizabelle and she was great. Highly recommend quesadillas and pretty much everything they have on the menu. This place is amazing. Parking is very easy too.Best chicken tacos I've had on the East Coast. Hands down. Great presentation. Very affordable. I recommend going on Tuesdays for Taco Tuesday. Thanks for the great meal, Cafe Ynez!I've been here twice in a couple of months.  Real good food.  A must try
**after writing this review I decided that I'm going here tonight for dinner.  Thanks, Yelp!Cafe Ynez uses fresh, quality ingredients and raises their flavor with exceptional cooking. I will rank them my favorite burrito in town. We especially like their steak platters in general. Great little spot to eat at or pick up from, and kudos to the owners for taking a chance by opening their shop on Washington so early in the streets development. They are in many ways one of the reasons the street is changing, not a result of the change.This place has some of the best Mexican food in Philly. Not only that, they are very reasonably priced and extremely friendly. While we were waiting, they offered us a sample of their soup which was super good. Despite being on Washington ave, they have done an excellent job and I'll definitely be back.Delicious food, excellent and friendly service! Would definitely come again. Love the spicy guac!!Cafe Ynez is a solid addition to the neighborhood and one I will be visiting often. The food is delicious and the presentation is top notch. Well-priced brunch and dinner options. Go here!!!Been here a few times and plan I plan to keep coming. Food is amazing! The staff is friendly and right there! Place is clean and the decor is cool! Must.... Try.... Everything.....This place is a little gem on Washington Ave. They nail that Mexican diner vibe with their decor. Servers are friendly, and service is fast. My favorite dish is the pollo enchiladas at brunch. Corn tortillas stuffed with shredded chicken and lathered in a bright tasting tomatillo salsa, topped with cheese and a sunny-side up egg. Once you get that egg yolk oozing out on top, you've got a winner. 
The ceviche, which they've had on special, is worth an order- don't waste that leche del tigre- as are their churros if you're looking for something sweet to round off the meal. They're crispy on the outside and soft and almost doughy on the inside. Dipped in their molten chocolate, they're delicioso.
Their breakfast nachos are tasty, but could use a little more layering finesse to get the toppings evenly distributed. I would also love to see some more lettuce and tomatoes mixed on there to brighten it up. Their molletes- a Mexican version of bruschetta- are simple but fresh and perfect for nibbling before the main event.
Their Taco Tuesday is an unbeatable deal. Three engorged tacos for the price of two...
While I have a special place in my stomach for the more traditional taquerias, this place is forging it's own little niche too. The food is prepared with a lot of love, a bounty of fresh ingredients, and it's just plain fun to eat here.I've only been here once, but I loved it! The chips and salsa served before the meal was delicious. We shared the "mexican" bruschetta and I had the veggie burrito. So good!Great new addition to Washington Ave... now open till 8pm... had a very good breakfast here.  They do need bike racks, hope they can figure that out.
BUT, really good coffee, esp. the spiced Mexican style.
Tasty, and they give a good amount of food for breakfast--nice before a long ride.
Lunch also great, and fast! 
Would give an additional star for the music--nice mix, and just the right level, good speakers...so many diners just plunk on the radio. Not Ynez. BTW, didn't mean to eavesdrop, but the NextFab conversations are also fascinating--trying to figure out what problem they are solving amidst the jargon.
cheers and will be back soon....
   -- mcget/ trophy bikesFantastic breakfast burrito. The price is right and the flavors are complex. Food quality wouldn't be out of place in Rittenhouse Square but the fact that it's on Washington is out of this world.Recently there for a private dinner party, I was impressed by the understated but funky interior. 
I was thrilled to see my friends of course, but was almost immediately distracted by the mounds of beautiful pico de gallo surrounded by the most enticing golden brown (clearly home made) tortilla chips. The pico was perfect. The chips were perfect. "It's all down hill from here..." I thought to myself. I was wrong. Then came the guacamole. Perfect. All guacamole strives to be this guacamole. It was perfect in texture and seasoning. 
I sampled the quesadillas (both chicken and vegetarian) and was equally impressed. A little spice in the vegetarian gave it just enough kick for something that could possibly teeter on the border of typical and great. 
I would like to go back again to try their menu, and hopefully be inspired to add a star and update my review.I have gone here twice within a week both experiences were fantastic. One does not need to be a vegetarian to enjoy the  vegetarian enchilada.  It was sooo good. The complimentary verde salsa has a nice kick. The guacamole is amazing. The prices are quite reasonable and the staff was very friendly. It's great that a place like this is on Washington St, I hope it's a sign of more great things to come.I had my Mother's Day brunch at Cafe Ynez and it was a great experience. I was given a flower AND a complimentary Mimosa in honor of Mom's Day and everyone was incredibly friendly!  Oh yeah, and there was no wait.....:) I had the Chilaquiles which normally comes with chicken but they kindly accommodated my request to have it without meat. My daughter had the french toast special with Nutella - I didn't try it, but I was told it was amazing.  The Cafe con Leche was delish. 
The decor is well done - clearly a lot of thought went in to the design. The food prices were excellent. 
If you live South of South in Grad. Hospital, Point Breeze, etc. and want Mexican there's no need to go to 9th & Washington - the food at Ynez was better than what I've had there in years and closer! They deserve to get a loyal following.This place is an absolute gem.  The food is delicious and beautifully prepared. The service is warm and friendly.
Qamara the manager is so welcoming and accommodating. My husband and I held an after-hours birthday party here and she expertly navigated us in setting up a perfect evening.
My only gripe is that I wish it were open past 8pm! Oh well, then it would be too perfect.Had one of the best sandwiches I have ever had here. Amazing food at great prices. It's small and cozy with a cool Mexican cafe theme. Bring your own tequila and they we
make you a margarita.  
We had a very attentive server who chatted with us and answered all of all questions. She was super nice.Great little Mexican BYOB on Washington Ave. I've been here a few times and have never been disappointed. The shrimp tacos and burritos are delicious. The service is slightly above average. The place is small so it may get busy on the weekends. However, you can make a reservation via yelp, which is really easy.I have loved eating here in the past but today was an incredibly bad dining experience. I ordered the special fennel soup and was served a soup that was far different than I expected.  After a few bites, I found chicken in the soup. When I asked the waiter if the soup served was what I ordered, he laughed and said no but it is delicious. I don't eat meat and told him, he did nothing about it so I had it boxed up for my wife. I I tried to be a Good sport about it but the longer I sat there with my wife, the more angry I got as I waited for someone to offer me something else but nothing happened. I was astonished to find that I was charged for it and when I mentioned the mistake to another person on the staff, they shrugged it off. It will be a long time before I return.
But recently, the owner contacted me and let me know that this was an isolated incident and that she has made corrections to the staff. I was so glad to hear back from her and look forward to giving this lovely little restaurant another try.YUMMY YUM YUM!
This place is amazing! I didnt even know it existed until someone took me there. It is an adorably decorated hole in the wall but it's probably the best Mexican I've had in Philadelphia. We ordered the guacamole, the steak fijitas, the pork tacos and the chicken quesadillas. Overall every dish was better than the next, but the pork tacos were especially heavenly and I've been dreaming of them every since. 
A+ for this gem! Can't wait to go back.Service was really friendly and attentive. Had the chicken tinga burrito. It was OK. It wasn't bad, just bland. Not enough salsa and too heavy on the rice. Very skimpy on the chicken. I'll try something else on the menu, but overall for $10 kinda disappointing.Im so happy to have this awesome restaurant in my neighborhood. Although the me u is fairly small, all of the food is extremely good. The steak burrito is my favorite mexican dish in the city. It's not a central location, but cafe ynez is worth a trip to Washington Avenue. They have great drink margarita drink mixes and it's always byob!Go for brunch. Get the Chilaquiles.  And the fresh squeezed OJ for mimosas.
All the food was fantastic, we had (in addition to the awesome chilaquiles) huevos rancheros, the omelet, and the breakfast burrito. It was all delicious!So Disappointing.
Had a nice cup of drip coffee one morning.
Came back for lunch and had an overpriced but reasonably ok carnitas cemitas sandwich. Chips and salsa were fine.  Nice salad.  Aloof service. Got a shot of dark bitter water from the espresso machine.  
A few days later I came back for dinner after a long day of hiking and really had a bogus time.
Reheated, overpriced and foul tasting rotisserie chicken burnt (fake lemon seasoning tastes like burnt plastic people!).  I have had better for a third of the price from every grocery store hot line.  Absolutely no authentic spices being used in recipes.  Sides were lackluster and confused, pickled mango salad was made with spices that conflicted and may have been old (tasted like rotten garbage).  Elote was steamed corn, probably from frozen and served with a 16th wedge of lemon and a ramekin of butter; where is the chili powder?  Mayo? chihuahua cheese?  Guacamole was inedible, overripe avos, weird dried chilis maybe sundried tomatoes?
Poor customer service in an empty restaurant.  Obviously the conversation in the back with the kitchen and register girl was way more important than checking on me and my date or clearing our plates and bringing us the bill.  Bad meals really start to burn when you have to sit and stare at them for ten minutes.
  This place is obviously cutting corners and passing the buck to you!  Classic Philly Bullshit.  Can't wait to see what is in the space next month cause I won't be back till it ain't Ynez.My friends and I have been to this location several times and have yet to be disappointed.  The food and atmosphere are excellent.  We recently came for brunch with 12 people.  Qamara made it so easy to make the reservation and everything was perfect when we arrived.  Staff was friendly and attentive throughout.  The price was fantastic for what we got and the food as always was great!  Looking forward to celebrating our next event or non-event here!Unless you're shopping for a good price on marble slabs or having body work done on your car, you won't likely just walk by Ynez, so let me make a suggestion:  walk out of your way and go there! Great, authentic Mexican food. Made fresh and on-site. And you can tell. So much flavor. And the staff -- from General Manager Carlos to Server Tony to the guys in the kitchen -- made my friends and me feel right at home. I recently went vegetarian and loved the enchiladas with veggies. Delicious! Great pastries too.  Enjoy it!We've come here a handful of times and each time it's great. Sometimes we bring our own tequila and use their house made mixers ($10). You can bring any booze you want for brunch/dinner.
I've never had their dinner, but my husband tried their special and said it was great-$15 for a rotisserie chicken and 2 sides.  For brunch, we've had the breakfast nachos, huevos rancheros, pollo enchiladas, chilaquiles con pollo and tinga burrito- all of which have been great and super flavorful.  My husband is from California and used to authentic Mexican food; he loves this place!Been a bit since I've been here but have been on a bit of a Mexican kick lately so remembered this.  Straight up, it just doesn't compare to a lot of the places in the Italian Market area for me.  Like not even close.
Maybe it was what I ordered, the chilaquiles con pollo.  This is going to sound mean but it was honestly a bore to get through the whole thing.  First couple bites were like OK, this is pretty good.  Then it just got old.  The chips were soggy, every bite was the same consistency, temperature and flavor.  Just was a big lump of mush to me;  no contrast from the cheese, the chicken, nothing.  
Can't remember what my girlfriend had which should say something because I've had other Mexican dishes elsewhere that have occupied brain space for many months, just a matter of making an impression.  Nothing but the mush made an impression here.
The setup, interior, and service were just fine for me, but a couple months out after having eaten so many other places since I just can't see myself making a point to come back here.  Others seem to love it so good on them, just not my cup of tea I guess.This place is my go-to for great food, reasonable prices, always a friendly staff, and I never have to wait. I came here after attempting a handful of center city restaurants for brunch.. all were at least 45 minutes wait time. This place had none. Awesome joint.so glad to have this place within walking distance. the food was great. got the chicken breakfast burrito and everything was on par! it came with a side salad and a small dish of rice and beans. the service was also exceptional. I'm excited to come back for more. 
the place is small, good for like 2-6 people parties. they also have a tv and showed the World Cup games. great little local shop!This place was really good, the huevos con chorizo was great and the wait staff is friendly. The tomatillo salsa was also excellent and chips were very good as well. I'm from Texas and I was pleasantly surprised at how good this cafe was, was not expecting this up North.Great atmosphere, very cute place. The food is good, but not authentic at all. Not much Mexican flavor, but still enjoyable. They have Monday night Disney movie night and Taco Tuesday. BYOB - I didn't have any, but they have different unique fresh squeezed juices for mixers.I came to Cafe Ynez for brunch on Sunday, everything was "A-ok" but nothing overly special.  I had high hopes after reading the reviews and knowing the other great establishments by the owner.  However, I was slightly underwhelmed, although the food was still pretty good.
We ordered the chicken enchiladas which were topped with a fried egg, pretty good.  Also ordered an omelette, which comes with breakfast potatoes and small side salad.  The potatoes were fantastic. The omelette was also very good, but, I didn't want ham (vegetarian), so I asked for avocado instead.  They couldn't swap evenly (not sure why, I know avocado is expensive, but I removed the meat! Its not like I was swapping out the tomatoes or something else cheap), so they substituted refried beans for the ham instead, which I love beans so its ok.
Overall, I did like the food.  But the service was not very friendly, and she didn't seem like she cared about being there at all.  Also, the avocado thing was odd.  Oh, and $5 for a side of breakfast potatoes was a rip-off because the portion size was so small, served in a small ramekin.  Rip off.  Prices of the entrees were acceptable though; my omelette was $9 and the enchiladas were $10.  This place is good, not great.  I probably won't come back unless other friends want to go and I'm tagging along.We went here because we were on Washington Ave shopping for kitchen cabinets and countertops so we just wanted to stop somewhere inexpensive and get some quick dinner. We saw Cafe Ynez but honestly we weren't expecting much. Man were we ever so pleasantly surprised! This place is awesome. The concept is that they dont keep any microwave or fridge or freezer, nothing! Everything is fresh from that day. I saw a guy come in the door with a bag of ice. That's how they are able to supply you ice water and cold freshly squeezed orange juice. We had mussels and they were cooked in this amazing salsa. Best mussels I've ever had! Then they had this great Gazpacho garnished with crab meat and avocados, which brought me back to my days in Spain. The steak in the burrito had this awesome smoky taste to it that made all the difference. My wife said that you can taste the difference in everything and I agree. Don't leave without trying the exquisite homemade chocolate they serve with their churros. I left there with 4 cups of their salsa verde to take home cuz I loved it so much. This was a really pleasant eating experience and that's not something I usually say. I wasn't expecting much but I was really blown away by the food and level of service. I'm thinking of bringing my parents here.My friend and I have been desperately in search of a new BYOT ever since Don Memos closed on 69th street. I recently moved to grad hospital and was intrigued to see if Cafe Ynez would be our new replacement. 
Long story short - this place was awesome and we will be back.
The food is exceptional - we ordered the guacomole to start and I ordered the tacos de camorones, which were yummy, light and refreshing. My friend ordered tacos de pescado which looked equally awesome. The icing on the cake was that their drink mixers were made with fresh juice - it was a refreshing change to the typical overly sugary, fake mixers you get at other places. 
I also love that they sell rotisserie chicken meals - seems like a good mid-week, take-out dinner option. 
One thing I did notice was that it was pretty quiet in there on a friday night (not complaining...I just hope they are doing well!)While in the neighborhood, we decided to give Cafe Ynez a try given their recent  callout as one of the Best Brunch Spots by VisitPhilly.com. I opted for a Mexican Hot Chocolate (delicious) and the Pollo Enchiladas - yum. With complimentary chips + salsa, easy street parking, and a casual vibe, you can't go wrong with this place as a low-key brunch option.Must try!!! Great Mexican restaurant BYOB they provide mixers for your Marquita's yummy!! We love this place cute and cozy.. Staff is super friendly!Easily my favorite Mexican restaurant in the city!
The exterior of the building makes it sort of easy to pass by but once inside you are welcomed by friendly staff and a warm, colorful interior. 
I've been many times for brunch and lunch, among my favorites are the huevos rancheros, the ynez salad with shrimp, shrimp tacos and steak burrito. Portions are huge and cooked super fresh. They have a small semi-open kitchen where you can watch them working away with fresh ingredients. 
When you dine in, you are immediately brought waters and fresh warm chips and salsa verde. Do not skip this salsa it is awesome! Service is quick which makes for a great business lunch however they'll never rush you out so if you want to stay and chat with friends, it is a very welcoming atmosphere. 
Another great point is they are BYOB, you can bring in whatever spirit you wish and they are happy to bring you carafes of mixers!
Definitely 5 stars all around, from the food, the service, the atmosphere and even their take out! It is all neatly packaged up, labeled and delivered quickly!Excellent!!! Never had a bad meal, especially the Molletes.Great food, great service. I've only ever gotten takeout - I'm sure the food is even better dining in. The soft tacos and quesadillas are good, but the burritos are great. Like make noises when you eat them great. They have Jarritos, and have churros some days.Absolutely delicious. The staff was super friendly and the food was amazing. Great addition to the Point Breeze/Graduate Hospital neighborhood. I will definitely be back for seconds.This is not a Mexican restaurant. This is a cafe that serves some Mexican-type food and calls it by Mexican names. The service was really good and the atmosphere was great. But if you want Mexican, this is not the place.
I ordered a Vegetarian Burrito and T got a Tinga Burrito. We also ordered Guacamole for a starter. 
The guac was fine but nothing special. It could have come from a container but it was fine. 
The vegetarian burrito was a hummus wrap. There was hummus in it. And feta and lettuce and cooked spinach and roasted red peppers. I did read the description but I did not see hummus on it. That might have been my fault. But it is a dimly lit place and I saw vegetarian burrito and that's my go to. I did not want a hummus wrap. If I wanted a hummus wrap, it would have been good. 
The tinga burrito was suppose to be pulled chicken. T said it tasted more ground and that there were peas and black beans with it. Peas have a very distinct flavor and not one that belongs in a burrito. He could not eat it. 
For 30$, I wanted Mexican burritos. We were disappointed. Seems like a great place if you want to go to a cafe, though, and it's in a very empty area so that's nice.Consistently excellent food and a very pleasant staff. The soft tacos and guacamole are awesome!  Well done! !food is delicious - can't beat the rotisserie chix w 3 sides for $20.  unpretentious, great service, greater food.  :)Pork tacos & blood orange margaritas!!! I want more!!! Planning on take out tonight! 
Went there last night with a group for a birthday, perfect spot! Service was spot on, very patient with our group (a few late comers) food came out great and was so good!Awesome steak burrito with fresh guacamole!! While the portion is large, the price is a bit steep for a weekday lunch. When we asked for rice and beans, they accidentally added them as sides rather than inside our burritos and charged us extra. Each burrito and side rice & burrito ended up costing about $13 per person. However, we did not mind much since the meal was excellent.Great friendly service, fresh delicious food, colorful bright restaurant, awesome breakfast burritos. Def will be back !This place is a little out of the way, but the food was quite good and the service was phenomenal! They allowed us to make reservations (but they probably weren't needed when we went). We arrived and our table was ready. I was a little weirded out with the way the place was set up. It was like they wanted to be a bakery, coffee shop, diner, and a sit down restaurant. Kind of weird if you ask me. Our server was absolutely fantastic. He was fast, friendly, made good suggestions, and went out of his way for good service. This place is BYOB so we ordered their fresh juice mixers. The mango one was okay, but I wasn't thrilled with it. I've heard the blueberry one was better! I got the shrimp tacos which were very good. I was just disappointed that they didn't have the option of flour tortillas (they only have corn). All in all, great service, weird atmosphere and out of the way, very good food! Prices were about $12 for food and then $8 for a carafe for mixers. Give it a try.I had the breakfast nachos. They were delicious!  Nice handmade chips covered in refrained beans, cheese, lettuce, a fried egg, etc. The decor is very nice. Bathroom is clean. The place is very small but has a lot of seating. If the place was full, I'd hope they'd have more than 2 servers.A wonderful addition to the Grad Hospital neighborhood!!! My fiance and I walked down to Cafe Ynez last night with high expectations and they were exceeded. Very friendly staff, takes credit cards, and the food was delicious. We got guacamole and chips, chicken enchiladas, a carnitas sandwich. The prices were really reasonable and the food was fresh and tasted great. Grad Hospital desperately needs more places like this and it was great to see Cafe Ynez packed on a Wednesday night with couples (young and old) and a few families. It also looks like they might be BYO and I think I saw a board with margarita mixer flavors. Yes please!!!We have been here for lunch twice. We had the Breakfast nachos, veggie tacos, shrimp quesadilla & veggie burrito between the 2 visits and everything was plentiful, tasty & reasonably priced. The service & atmosphere are both really good as well. Looking forward to our next visit!Delicious, inexpensive Mexican food. I got the carnitas cemitas, which is a lot like a torta. It's a sandwich on sesame bread with pulled pork (carnitas), avocado, refried beans, and queso fresco. SO good. Everyone else in my group got tacos, which also looked really good. I'd definitely go back. It's legit. 
You can bring your own alcohol to mix with their fresh margarita mix.My sister recommended I try this place and I was very pleasantly surprised. I was happy with the amount of vegetarian menu choices and have been back several times. My favorite foods are the French toast and fish tacos. The restaurant itself is on the smaller side so don't go with a huge group if you plan to dine in otherwise it's great for a date night especially since its a BYOB.I have loved eating here in the past and had one bad experience after which the management contacted me with thanks for alerting them and they sent a gift certificate our way. And we returned for a fantastic Sunday morning brunch. I am a fan of this place; the food was terrific, our thoughtful waitress was great and we are once again Cafe Ynez regulars.Bizarre place good food large portions affordable prices. Breakfast and dinner are the best in the area. Parking can be a problem.Probably my favorite brunch place in the city. It's Mexican inspired food but has just the right amount of spicy food with a modern flareThis place is between 3 and 4 stars for me....I love its location as I live in the neighborhood and happy to see restaurants like this popping up the area.  I only went there for breakfast.  The space itself was awkward for me, small with chairs placed in locations that made it hard to walk around.  My boyfriend had a chicken breakfast enchilada and I had the veggie version.  I loved my meal but he was not excited at all.  Its hard to fail me on eggs and breakfast....we will definitely be back for lunch or dinner to get a better grasp on whether this place is going to make it or not.  i hope it does!!!I created a Yelp account just so I could write this review - THAT'S how good it was. I'm a believer that the true test of good Mexican food lies in the quality of their fish tacos and Cafe Ynez by far has the best ones I've ever had in this city. 
Added bonuses: it's BYO, complimentary chips and salsa, and easy to get a table on a Saturday night.Just went in tonight for the first time (a Tuesday) and we started out as the the only table, but when we left there were 4 other tables filled, and rightfully so!  We started with the steak tostado, and it was fresh and well balanced with the meat, crunch from the veggies, and just a little beans on the corn base.  I had the special sandwich (not on the online menu so can't remember the name) with steak, pork, ham, pickled veggies and an egg.  It was incredible.  So different than anything I've had before.  My significant other had the tilapia (breaded) tacos and they were also delicious.  Service was attentive and the BYOB feature is always good for the pocketbook.  What a neighborhood gem!The tacos here are among the best in Philly. You can get 3 for $7 on Tuesday. The tacos are a great size. The chicken and pork are deliciously seasoned. The place is cozy. The service is great. And the place is byo. A must-try.Went here on a Friday night with my girlfriend and the place was empty, which is unfortunate because the food is amazing. 
We had chips and guac, the steak burrito, and the chicken taco platter, all of which were great. 
The service was quick, the food was tasty/reasonably price, and it's BYOB. 
It's easy to miss on Washington Ave, but definitely worth checking out.Group of 10.  No reservations.  A group of 12 came in and got seated right before we did.  My group still gets seated under 10 minutes (keep in mind that this place is tiny as all hell).  Of all the crazy things that have occurred within the past 96 hours... the phenomenon referred to in the aforementioned four sentences may very well be the most unbelievable thing to have transpired (and the past 96 hours have been pretty ridiculous... but that's none of any of your damn business).
Prior to coming in, we had been warned that there were no reservations available for our group for some time, and that walking in with a dining cadre of such monstrous proportions could very well end up taking over an hour to get the lot of us seated together.  The odds weren't good, but we channeled our inner Han Solos and said "to hell with the odds!" (actual quote being "never tell me the odds" - Empire Strikes Back 1980).
The staff cobbled together a combination of the corner booth and four-person and two-person tables together in order to put together a set of seats that could accommodate our numbers (kinda like Voltron, but with tables).  From there we were assisted with ordering mixer for our tequila (the place is BYOB... with heavy encouragement by the joint to bring tequila, as they have specialty mixes tailored to creating an impressive variety of margaritas)... and at some point we ordered food.
The menu at this spot is desayuno Mexicano (Mexican breakfast/brunch) and that's all they serve all day (allegedly).  And it was just as well, as it was standard brunching hours upon my group's arrival.  They did a 90% great job in delivering everyone's meal at the same time and as requested upon the taking of orders.  However, only after they topped off breakfast burrito with a toxic dollop of sour cream did they take it back and remake me a new one (I did order a burrito sans dairy, and they caught it after the little mistake, and told me that my food was late because they needed to rectify this error); my food came out in due course and tasted pretty good (although I do not think that they added the chorizo that I had requested be added in it... whatevs).
At the end of the day, Cafe Ynez is a charming little spot where you and a teem of people you may or may not be too fond of can go to and imbibe to the point that you go blind.  Highly encouraged.I just had lunch at Ynez at 20th and Washington Ave. The food was delicious. The portions were a nice size and very well priced. The service was very prompt and friendly.
I will visit again for sure.
Thanks Ynez !Not a very nice neighborhood, but the restaurant is exceptional! Great food and very pleasant  staff. Good for sit down and for take out. Food is delicious and it's an absolute must if you're in the area!We came in for breakfast on a snowy Saturday morning. Due to the weather, we were the only patrons. However, multiple GrubHub drivers came go pick-up orders while we ate, which we took as a good sign for the food's quality. 
We had chiliquiles, huevos rancheros, and guac. Everything we ordered was excellent and the staff were beyond friendly. We really appreciated that our waitress gave us more coffee in to-go cups as we prepared to head back into the cold. 
We were only in Philadelphia for the weekend, so we won't be able to frequent Ynez's, but we highly recommend it!Okay so I went there with my coworkers..I knew this place was not authentic food like they advertised but I decided to try it. We get 2 orders of Tacos de Camarrones, Tinga burrito and my Huevos con chorizo. The other order s were ok By my surprise the pinto beans were RAW.l I could tell from see it but when I tasted it was so hard & horrible taste imagine REALLY.I made the complaint about the beans(they were taken forever to bring the other ones) so I ended up paying quickly and get out of this fancy looking place. As a courtesy nobody say anything to us..like a sincere apologies? Or some type of dessert at least.. Waitress were friendly but the lack of concern toward the customer was Very disappointed. Not coming back. NEVERThis littl' gem is hidden along the industrial buildings along Washington Ave, and easily missed.  I've been here a couple times, mostly for lunch or grabbing a coffee drink.  The food is always great, and the service is laid back and super friendly.  I've had several of their burritos and they were delicious.  Once I had one of the donuts and it wasn't the freshest, but, that's probably because I ordered it late afternoon.
The decor is super prime too....vibrant, kitchy but cool, latin-esque.....just rad.This place is amazeballs. It's in the middle of nowhere so its a little disconcerting as you're trying to find parking and the outside is relatively non-descript, but as soon as you walk inside, you're in a different world. I usually focus on the food first, but the decor is spot on, and makes you immediately want to spend time there. Its homey and eclectic at the same time. The food - is amazing. Prices are on point and when we asked the server for recommendations, she suggested the molletas, which are basically a Mexican version of the bruschetta. It was so. Good. Better than any Italian one I've had. So basically, this place is a hidden gem, and I'm sad my review is making it less of one.Cafe Ynez's flavor profiles are glorious and surprising. The chef is fantastic. Been there twice with my husband and was in heaven each time. Staff is warm and informative. !! New favorite!Great tacos and coffee. Funky set up on the inside. Veggie enchiladas and fish tacos are an excellent choice. Will be back to try more items.Great little spot for good quality Mexican cuisine. Tasty food, great service, and a positively fun ambience! 
So far I've had the taco de pescado, pollo sandwich, and a few of the salads. All tasty. The carne asada salad is especially good!
Will be going back for more... :)I went to this restaurant for the 1st time, and found the restaurant clean and the wait staff pleasant.  I ordered a breakfast shrimp burrito, and because I am lactose intolerant, I asked the waitress to leave out the cheese.  While waiting for the food, I overheard the waitress tell the cook "Oh, no cheese!"
So, even though I really enjoyed the burrito, ca. 15 minutes after I left the restaurant my tummy started to hurt--- usual symptoms when I accidentally ingest lactose products.   
My suspicion is that the cook had already put the cheese on the burrito when the waitress remembered about my request, but instead of making a new burrito for me, she just took out the cheese that she could, and gave it to me anyway...
Therefore, I am writing this review in hopes that, from now on, Cafe Ynez will take their customers health seriously.  If I instead of just being lactose intolerant, I have a life threatening allergy, they will have a  law suit on their hands.Great service, really good food, BYO Tequila! Would definitely go back. Cool little joint.Really good carnitas ANYTHING! The chips are good and guac is always fresh. I love the horchata.Excellent food, great service and very accommodating for kids.  The special burrito was amazing and the French toast was light, airy and very flavorful.I really wanted to love this place but for me it was just okay. As my friend said when we were leaving "that place was good, but we don't have to go back."
PROS
-No wait for brunch on a Sunday.
-Super friendly server.
-Very cute atmosphere.
-Free chips and salsa (the green kind, which is obviously superior).
-Breakfast Nachos were really good.
-4 types of hot sauce at the table.
-They are BYOB and have drink mixers (can't vouch for those as I was too hungover to imbibe).
-They are very reasonably priced ($15 for an entree, a coffee, and an entree shared as an appetizer cus that's how I roll).
CONS
-The guacamole side was pretty tiny for the extra $4.
-Eagles, Philly, yay, woo sports! I get it. But the game was on way too loud in my opinion for this not being a sports bar, and for me to have a conversation with my friends.
-The food was just ok for me-the chicken in the pollo enchiladas was a bit dry and overall just didn't blow my mind. Maybe my expectations were too high based on the reviews.
Maybe I'll try it out again for dinner because I want to encourage new small businesses in the neighborhood and I love a BYOB that doesn't imply wine, but for brunch, I have other places on my list to cross off.Finally made it out to this place for brunch and was really pleased with it! Really good, Mexican-inspired brunch options, all for under $10 (which given how out of hand brunch options and prices can get, I really appreciate that in a restaurant). The service was very friendly, although in such a small space, it was really noticeable when they all started chatting with each other. I got the vegetarian enchiladas and my boyfriend got the breakfast cemita, which were both quite good. While waiting, our waitress brought us chips and salsa, which was nice since I usually arrive to brunch with ravenous hunger and want to start eating as soon as possible. With two coffees and juices the total was less than $25, which by brunch standards I think is great. I definitely want to come back and try more off their brunch menu, and maybe even their lunch and dinner stuff sometime.Great Mexican, with unique food offered.  The rotisserie chicken is my go to family meal, the tostadas are excellent, as well as the quesadilla.  The escabeche is a fantastic side dish.  Highly recommend the horchata as well.  The green salsa offered with house chips is totally addicting.The dcor here is suuuuuper cute! I wish it was in NYC! The prices are totally reasonable and the food was good too. Such an adorable place. If I'm ever in the neighborhood again, I will definitely be back.Amazing food and service, best guac in Philly and their margarita mixers are on point for when you bring your own tequila!I looked over to Todd and said, "I think 1 million people just tuned in to watch us have breakfast. Make it count." The place is an escape. The colors, every color compliments from the wall patterns to the orange juice. Think, Fiesta Ware. The staff was AAA and makes you feel so comfortable. I would love to have a hard time getting a table but, for now, what a best kept secret!! I will instagram the sh*t out of any order. The table screams the work of an accomplished scenic designer. The producer in me is satisfied to no end! The foodie in me is satiated. The local in me is in love and I am a fan of Cafe Ynez!!Authentic Mexican...love it!  Dinner has always been a 5 star experience.  The chicken tacos are amazing and so much more filling than the average taco.  I've also had literally the best chicken pistole soup ever here!!  I wish they would bring this soup back, it was a special.  The only reason I gave 4 stars is because my boyfriend and I were not too crazy about their brunch.  Otherwise, awesome dinner food & very relaxed atmosphere!Hidden gem for sure!! The food is delicious,authentic, and very reasonably priced. The best part is it is BYOB but they have margarita/juice mixers for the alcohol. A group of 8 of us went and everybody was raving about their dinner the rest of the evening. Cafe Ynez will definitely become a regular spot for my friends and I!Back twice again and the food is top notch every time. My 13 year old son loved the Tinga burrito. (I thought maybe he just liked saying "tinga" but I had a bite and it was great.) I was planning to try a different entree  but those shredded pork tacos are just too darn good. Taco Tuesday gets you 3 for the price of 2. My new favorite day of the week.I like the beef tacos and onTuesday they run a special. I was kinda mad I found out about it after the fact, since I came in on a weds and they gave me two tacos and I was wondering where was my third taco
But the lady said thats only on Tuesday ..DUH on my part. I tried the ceaser salad it was lack luster to say the least but the dressing was delicious. I will be coming back for those beef tacos sooooo good and real beef, no Taco bell baby.We came here with a large group of 16 people for a bachelorette. I spoke to the manager ahead of time and arranged a pre-fixe menu for the group. They had multiple affordable options. The night of, everything was executed flawlessly.  The food was delicious and the servers made us feel comfortable and at ease despite being such a large group. Would highly recommend this restaurant!Parking was a bit hard to find. It was a cold day so maybe walking was not what we preferred. Ambiance is great. Quaint and cozy. Food was good, it's a trendy space. 
My pork sandwich came with a salad that was fantastic, I ordered it 'grande' so I paid an extra $3 for rice and beans. Next time I would not get appetizer or the 'grande' option because the meal itself with the side salad were perfect and MORE than enough.A good place off the beaten path for a breakfast or brunch. Had a nice birthday meal there with friends and enjoyed ourselves immensely.Excellent service and amazing flavors! The steak burrito was superb! This will be a regular stop for lunch when I am in the area.Great Mexican food, super clean, and very attentive service. I would definitely go backI have walked by this place many times, today I went in! Ordered the veggie burrito with the salad, it was incredible! The burrito is big enough for two and the salad was small but amazing! I will be going back real soon!Food was really something else. It looks like small portions but it's very filling and good quality. Nice neighborhood taco place. Service was okay, nothing great. Will come againSuper happy to have a great mexican place nearby. Feels a bit like a coffee shop when you walk in but they serve you all properly with menus and stuff. And half booths are comfortable. service is really friendly. chips and guac is on point, like chips on a big pile of fresh guac, must be like 3 avocados. just get the guac and a fork. or spoon. burritos are good. Fish tacos were better.Our first time at Cafe Ynez.  Our party of four were graciously greeted upon arrival. The decor is simple and comforting.  The food was home style and well worth the wait.  The lamb was very good as was the roast chicken and the branzino. Parking on Washington avenue was not a problem for dinner.  This is a do over.Their bean burger was one of the best bean burger I ever had if not the best but the bun was a little burnt. You have to give it tryJust came here for a quick brunch since we were in a rush to do something in 40 minutes. My boyfriend got thr huevo rancheros and I got the special steak burrito, they were both really amazing. The food came pretty quickly since we were able to finish everything within that 40 minutes. I also got the horchetas with was delicious. The only thing I can complain is that their orange juice was $4. It was more expensive than the horchetas. I was surprised at that, but other wise everything was priced reasonable cause my boyfriend and I were super full and satisfiedEverything here is ridiculously delicious.  Get the mango mint mixer for your BYO tequila it's amazing.I love this place. It's great every time I go. Their salsa is good, guac is on point and entrees are always greatGreat unassuming little spot that I love for brunch. Their breakfast burrito is incredibly delicious with perfectly seasoned black beans. Their Mexican mocha is the best I've ever had and I'll swing by just for the coffee sometimes.awesome local takeout and dine in restaurant. I've only had the takeout, but I live nearby and walk there, so, that's a huge plus. Place looks really nice inside, comfortable and updated, I'd eat there.
Food is great, good portions, good service and take-out speed is top notch.
Got the steak and chicken burritos, would totally go again.Qamara greeted us the second we walked in the door and she was also our waitress. She was very friendly and very attentive. My fianc and I ordered the French toast of the day (apple filling..then rolled in cornflakes), the breakfast nachos, and the fresh fruit. The nachos were sooo good!! They made me want to come back for dinner! The refried beans on them were yummy! The French toast was also delicious! The fresh fruit was a little different than I was expecting....there was some kind of seasoning on it. I didn't love it. We then took a churro to go....yummmm! Great service and great food! I definitely will return and try out dinner!the food was delicious. Cooked just right. Our hostess was warm and welcoming giving us the specials for the day and making us feel likely we weren't rushed. Freshly squeezed orange juice oh my! and the prices are so affordable.  A must to try. Can't wait to go again!Cafe Ynez is a hidden gem on Washington Ave, with awesome prices and even better food. We've done dinner and brunch, finding both to be great. I'm looking forward to bringing my own tequila this summer and trying their mixers. I'd recommend their burritos and the chips/guacamole are solid. I'd highly recommend checking out Cafe Ynez.Cafe Ynez is fine. The food is fine but lacks inspiration. Service is fine but lacks enthusiasm. Chip and water refills are endless, so there's that. 
South Philly is full of some amazing Mexican restaurants and taquerias so I wouldn't go out of my way to get a meal here. But I guess if I were hungry and this was my only option, I guess I would deal with it.This place hit all the boxes: food, service, and ambience. 
The menu features fresh Mexican food. I had the vegetarian enchiladas and the fish tacos. The enchiladas were light and flavorful. The fish tacos had perfectly seasoned and cooked white fish with cotija cheese, lime, and avocado. If there's a better food for a nice summer day, I haven't found it! 
The server was friendly and attentive, even when the restaurant had become busy all at once. 
The restaurant is bright, clean, and comfortable. It's definitely somewhere you want to eat in. Plus then you'll get some amazing chips and salsa!Completely bland chicken burrito. Annoyed I wasted $11 on this junk instead of going to a smaller mom and pop place. Food was ready really quickly though, and the piece of chicken was basically only in one half of the burrito. Won't be back.Small table for 2. Food was good, not great. Fish tacos delicious. Would be better for take out. Not the best atmosphere.Went during the week and ordered the carnitas and steak tacos with rice and beans. Good was amazing even though the service was a bit slow and scattered (apparently they get swamped with take out orders for Taco Tuesday), but otherwise everything was great. Will be backOutstanding authentic Mexican food!  Everything tastes so fresh and nicely presented. Inexpensive as well.Great food & fantastic ambiance! I got the steak fajitas and they were super savory and delicious! We also got the guac and it was epic!!! I can't wait to go back again soon!Wonderful meal, with fresh tasty ingredients! We both got the steak burritos with the salad. Their desserts are really good too.Very good food but the tables were small & the room can be claustrophobic. I would recommend this for takeout more so than anything else. The food is definitely worth it.We felt rushed out before we even placed our order. Yes they close at 10, yes we entered at 9:30 but we asked the host are you sure it's OK! If they're closing, we don't mind! Immediately the waitress asked us "the kitchen was closing -what we like to order". Right then and there we wanted to leave. She didn't even ask if we would like a drink. She was gone so fast to clean up, we couldn't ask for extra napkins. Before you know it we were given a check, weren't asked if we would like a coffee even though we heard her ask every table around us if they would like dessert. Don't claim you're a full-service restaurant if you cannot uphold it standards. Completely understandable that it was not her fault, the waitress, that we were seated. Though it is her responsibility to have enough tact...coming from someone who is a manager of a business that involves the public.Was very surprised by this place as my husband and I happen to come across them looking for lunch one day. This spot has a very chic cool vibes to relax. We ordered our food to go and had the steak burritos and chicken quesadillas. I must say the servings are large so be aware and they both tasted good, especially the salad that came with the burrito! They are also opened for brunch on sundays, definitely check this gem out!I consider myself a Mexican food aficionado. I lived in Arizona for 10 years and I probably eat more Mexican food in a year than most people will in a lifetime. Having just moved to the neighborhood our real estate agent suggested we check out caf Ynez. I loved the ambience of the place when I walked in. The staff were extremely friendly and the menu is great. They have something for you adventurous folks and something for the people that won't deviate from the standard quesadilla. Given all that I have to say the food was FANTASTIC. Simply amazing. Guacamole was perfect and the homemade chips are to die for. I had the pork tacos and the sauces that come with it are out of this world. Fresh, delicious ingredients prepared perfectly and well priced. This place is a gem. It's hard to find with only a tiny sign but well worth searching. I can't wait to go back.We go to Cafe Ynez for special dinner dates, intimate birthdays and when we  must have that exquisitely seasoned and expertly prepared and presented Mexican food. The warm and inviting dining atmosphere often leads to some of our most intimate conversations. Our family loves Cafe Inez!Overall Value:  This is really more 3.5 stars for me, but I am rounding up.  Really generous portion sizes, decent prices, and pretty good (albeit a bit bland) flavors. I also really like the space, so I would be willing to return and try a few other things from the menu.  
The Food: We got the steak burrito ($12), carnitas cemitas ($13), and cafe de olla ($3).  The steak burrito and carnitas cemitas were both huge - we were stuffed afterwards, no need for sides.  They were both just a little bland though; hot sauce helped, but they felt like they were just missing something.  The meat just wasn't super flavorful like I have had at other Mexican spots in Philly, and the tortilla and cemita bun just were both ok.  Anytime you have a sandwich or burrito, the type of bread/tortilla can make or break it.  The food looked amazing but the taste didn't quite match (maybe we just caught them on an off day).  It wasn't bad, I think we just had really high hopes and were a little let down.  The homemade chips and salsa were great though.  The spiced coffee was pretty good - only the second time I've had this (the other time was at El Compadre, which was phenomenal.).  I might come back to try some of their breakfast items.  
Space and Pace:  We came for an early lunch at about 11am on a Saturday, and it was not busy.  Really cool interior that is warm, vibrant, and welcoming.  Not huge inside, but a great place to meet meet friends and catch up.  
Service:  Very nice and service was pretty quick.This place is just ok. I've been here twice and was disappointed both times. If you want healthified mexican food (wheat tortilla, black beans, etc), this place is alright, but I prefer a more authentic experience. If you're in South Philly already, there are tons of alternatives that are more authentic and taste great. I personally recommend El Jarocho or Taqueria Veracruzana for your burrito and taco fix.Not authentic Mexican food. If you are looking for good Mexican food avoid this place.We made a reservation for Sunday brunch and were not disappointed. I love the diner feel and the food is amazing. Service was great.  We were given chips and verde salsa which was delicious. I loved my chicken enchiladas with a fried egg on top. They're BYOB, and we ordered the mango mint mixer to go with our sparkling wine. It's $13, but even after mixing with 2 bottles of wine, we still had about half of the mixer left - so pretty good value.Absolutely delicious!!! The whole table could not get enough of the guac, and the soup was out of this world - we went home talking about it and wishing we had thought to ask to buy it by the quart. It was THAT good. We brought in a bottle of Riesling and a magician in the kitchen turned it into the greatest Sangria I have ever had. Ever. Not even exaggerating. 
By the time I made it through Guac, chips, soup, and sangria, my Breakfast Burrito arrived and it took all of my will power not to finish the whole thing - it just tasted SO GOOD! We were at Cafe Ynez earlier this month, and weeks later we are STILL craving that soup!!! 
Aside from the delicious food, the staff are warm, friendly, and attentive. I high recommend making the short trek over to Cafe Ynez!First time here and absolutely loved it! Such an unexpected cute atmosphere. The chips were amazing. We enjoyed all the food we ordered from the steak burrito to the lamb to the quesadilla to the salads. The side of corn with queso was amazing. Will definitely be back.I tell you the truth, this is a gem of a place. The food is fresh, great tasting and deliciousSo glad we went here for date night!!! 
Thursday night was consistent guests but not over crowded! I called to make sure there would be seats and Russell was so sweet. It's BYOB (any type of alcohol). 
The ambiance is absolutely adorable! I love the ponchos and skulls and witches! And COLORS! There's something to look at no matter which way you turn! Single Bathroom was clean! 
There is a TV, too, so expect your favorite game. The booth table itself was so high and wide and my torso barely fit in the booth- so it led to my elbows being really high when I was eating! Kinda awkward- and my size 10 feet didn't fit under the table comfortably with my 6foot3 dates'. Next time I'll sit at a table! 
Our server was sweet- and we ordered one of the specials-Shrimp and Crab Ceviche! Holy cow it was GOOD! And I have never even dared to eat raw fish before but this was a great first experience (thanks to my date for the push!). It has the consistency of tomato! And they didn't skimp out on the avocado! It was so so fresh!!! 
We got the chicken quesadilla as an appetizer too- this could have been a meal in itself! It was JAM PACKED with veggies and meat and cheese- HIGHLY RECOMMENDED- best quesadilla I've ever eaten!!!! 
I ordered the Carnitas Cemitas sandwich (sans jalapeos). It still packed so much flavor! The pork was cooked so well.  And the side salad was fresh and cold! My date got Carnitas Tacos- and they loved them too!!!! They were also JAM PACKED with ingredients. He wishes the limes were less raw- they were hard to squeeze! 
We had so many leftovers! This is the way to do date night! Our whole meal was around $30! Thank you Cafe Ynez!I was lucky enough to brunch here during a visit to Philly on a cold, dreary December morning, and it's really the perfect neighborhood spot. It's in a bit of a strange place and might be hard to see unless you're really paying attention... luckily I was brunching with Yelp queen Michelle C, who knew right where she was going! 
The manager here, Qamara, is so friendly and welcomed us with a smile and some menus. I was coming down with a cold and didn't want my usual coffee, so she made me some chamomile tea with lemon which was the perfect remedy. The menu is pretty big and has so many great options, from burritos, to enchiladas, to omelettes, and even breakfast nachos. It's seriously hard to choose.
I ended up ordering the breakfast burrito, and it was absolutely delicious and huge. I could sadly only manage to eat half of it, but saved the rest for later. The chips and salsa we had before our food came out was also awesome.
This place is so cozy and serves up some great food. Don't hesitate to stop by!