I got delivery from here today from lunch.  The delivery was very quick, within 15 minutes of placing the order.  I got the brie sandwich - definitely recommended.  Brie and apples on toasted cranberry bread.  The taste of the brie goes very well with the apples to balance the tartness. I got it with the israeli salad which had a little too much olive oil but it had a nice lemon kick to it.Breakfast and COFFEE is super-important to me.  So, when I travel, it's a pretty big question of mine...where am I going to find something close to my hotel, that will not cost a fortune and will be healthy and fresh?  
When I traveled to Philadelphia recently from San Francisco, I found this place on my first morning trolling the Old City for coffee (which is appallingly hard to find at 11:30am on a Saturday morning).  Thank god for Cafe Ole!  I ended up getting take-out breakfast each morning of my trip.  Good coffee.  Great breakfast wraps.  Great yogurt parfait.Stopped here after free yoga on the Delaware River for breakfast. Get the lox bagel on a multi grain bagel! So much salmon, so delicious!This has turned into my breakfast place of choice whenever I'm in town. The bagels are the wide, thin variety. Quite good, although I actually prefer South Street's bagels when I'm in Philly. Friends always rave about their shakshuka, though, which is why we always end up here. It's not really my kind of breakfast dish, but it does look like a hardy way to start the day and it's an unusual dish to find anywhere. 
The atmosphere is great, too. Plenty of tables inside including a big family sized table up front by the window, and tables outside on the front and side when the weather is warm. 
A short walk from anywhere in Old City, this'll continue to be my go-to breakfast joint in town.Yeah, they rock too!! How perfect is their Iced Tea! With a sprig of mint, it is the most refreshing drink on the planet!!! I mean it, on the @!#$%^& planet! It always smells great in there and they have a great breakfast menu. My goal is to buy everything in the place. It's also a great place to escape to for a while. Cafe Ole is in the perfect location as well to get all kinds of interesting people coming through at all time. Yeah, they rock too!!Cafe Ole is decent, but a bit bizarre. The food is tasty - I most recently had a European grilled cheese. 
The confusing part is paying. Seems like you just pay whenever you want, before during or after your meal. Not that this is a bad policy, it just stresses me out for some reason.The bad: My wrap was a soggy and weird texture. The good: An excellent flavor combination made up for the sogginess and I still enjoyed it. Good service.People in the 'hood joke that this place should be called "Cafe Go Away!" and I can't argue. If you actually make it to the front of the line--which often takes 15 minutes for one cup of coffee--the counterpeople seem annoyed and distracted, which leaves me annoyed. Why do I even bother? The excellent chai selection and cold mint tea, as well as outdoor seating. But I don't bother often, and if you're on a time crunch, or abhor apathetic service, you shouldn't either.Great ambiance.  Got there too late in the day for the shakshuka, but enjoyed the soup instead.  One of those places that has a weird wonderful vibe with good food.Great outdoor seating when the weather is warm.  Friendly staff and always a good crowd of people eating and drinking coffee.  Love the baklava and spinach salad with goat cheese, cranberries and walnuts.Pretty amazing place. Very busy, but quick service and great food! I had the best tuna fish sandwich (heated) that I think I've ever had. A cup of very tasty and just a a little spicy, tomato soup. Nice cappucchino to wash'er down. Great place!Cafe Ole is one of my favorite places in the city. The food, staff, Israeli music and overall atmosphere make coming to eat here such a pleasure!I've had a few sandwiches and a few drinks.
Delicious. Slightly overpriced, but delicious. You do get what you're paying for. All staff members are friendly. It's a little cramped inside, but the street seating is PERFECT. Just wait for the warm weather of course.Excellent for breakfast and lunch!! I stumbled across Cafe Ole one hectic morning in between client appointments. I really just needed Wifi access because for some reason Startbucks was closed. I only ordered a latte and a banana to justify my internet use, but the coffee and friendly service were exceptional! I noticed other diners enjoying pancakes and eggs, which looked delicious!
My second trip was during another hectic work day. I had only 20 minutes to order and eat so I opted to order something pre-made in refrigerated display. My choice: Spinach Salad--baby spinach, a generous portion of goat cheese, walnuts, and dried cranberries with the most delicious pesto dressing on the side. I never eat dressing but this was actually house made pesto! Soooo good with the goat cheese! I should also mention that by the time it was my turn to order, all the Spinach Salads had been taken. I asked how long it would be...they said 3 minutes. I was nervous to take the chance since I was in such a time crunch, but in less than 3 minutes I was happily eating my amazing salad! I have been craving it ever since!I bought a cup (the cafe was muy cute, clean, and was staffed with friendly baristas) and made my way to Elfreth's Alley, walking over cobblestone roads. The weather was unreal (freakishly warm, even in mid-November!) and my coffee was a great traveling companion for me to bask in the beauty that was historical downtown. 
TLDR: solid coffee in the heart of historic Philly.I'm the kind of girl who likes to have options. I am NOT the kind of girl who will go back to a place again and again when I have other nearby options I'm yet to try... unless it's someplace I am absolutely crazy about. On a recent visit to Philly, I was in search of a hideout to get some work done in Old City, and Cafe Olé came highly recommended so I thought I'd give it a shot. 
I am sooooo glad I did!
I liked Cafe Olé so much that I ended up visiting twice in a 36-hour period -- something very out of character for this urban explorer. Outdoor seating, free refills on coffee, free wifi, and delicious sandwiches! Happy yellow paint echoed my pleasure over the friendly and inviting atmosphere. Favorite Spanish pop stars like Estopa, Bebe, and Manu Chao had me dancing in my chair for hours as I leisurely got my caffeine buzz on and conquered a textbook or two. 
Screw options, Cafe Olé is as good as it gets. I'll definitely be coming back here again and again!This is the typical small coffee shop that you expect to find in cities. The food is simple yet fresh and tasty. They have a wide assortment of chai tea, which they will top with a foamy leaf pattern. The folks there are laid back and friendly. One of the perks of living in an urban area is because there are little shops like this.Great for coffee, hot chocolate and maybe a sweet treat. The sandwiches and other food options though are overpriced for what you get, and there always seem to be flies everywhere.My special friend and I like to stop at a different coffee shop each time we're headed out of town - just to grab a quick bite and some caffeine.  Cafe Ole is one of the places I always forget, probably because its location makes it possible to escape our notice. I'm glad we remembered this time. We were grumpy as hell when we stumbled in and we were smiling like dim-witted kids with massive lollipops when we left. The staff are always so friendly and the food and coffee are darn tasty.I've been waiting a long time to do a review here bc I wanted it to be just right, seeing as how I eat here at least 3 times a week :)  So here it goes:
(+)Things you MUST try:  
   1)French Toast (SO SO good)
   2) Grilled Chicken Sandwich... my favorite AND it warms up great if you don't eat it all!!
   3) Hummus- the best I've had in the city
   4) Spiced Chai Tea - You will NOT find chai tea this good anywhere else, make sure you get it with whole milk and I usually ask them to go a little light on the cream.
(-)Things that don't do the place justice:
     1) Tuna salad sandwich- bread is kinda hard
     2) breakfast burrito- least favorite thing there, mostly bc I feel like        the salsa is more like tomato paste than salsa
Overall:
(+) great prices considering the quality of food
(+) WAY better than the starbucks down the street
(+) Serves breakfast til 2pm EVERY DAY
(-) close somewhat early
(-) no A/C in the summer
(-) Not a lot of seating bc of popularity, I always get my stuff to go, but 90% of the time it's not a problem
And given those last three negatives which are huge to me, I still think it is the best cafe I've been to.  Go now!  And order the chai tea!Came across this place while walking through old city and decided to give it a try for brunch. Loved the casual ambience and luckily for me got one of the 3 outdoor seating spots. We tried the pesto omelette and French toast and both were delicious. 
They have ready to go options along with menu options for someone looking for a quick bite. The prices are good and I will certainly keep this place in mind anytime I am in the neighborhood.love going to this place.  good food, especially for a coffee shop.  good variety too.  and yummy options for a vegetarian, even better!  
though much of the food/ sandwiches are prepared early in the day and then reheated, etc....the ingredients taste fresh and good.  it is welcoming, the staff is friendly and it is just a great spot overall.  i usually go out of my way when i am in the area to hit it up.  good stuff.....Great place. Great coffee and great people. The food is pretty good too, tuna nicoise toasted is my fave.Funny how you live near a place for 3 years and never really know they offer food?!  I recently had breakfast with some friends at Cafe Ole and was very impressed.  It is a bit of a pain that you have to go pick your food up from the counter, but it's well worth it!  The croissant, egg, turkey sausage, and cheese breakfast sandwich is out of this world!  It's a great place to relax and enjoy a quick nosh!Hi energy, a barista with an accent, and fast service make this place a win for anyone on a walk about of old city. New artwork is common around here. Open doors and windows let the air in and keep things fresh. 
This is a great place for a fast coffee, breakfast or lunch and can very easily support a slow morning.I decided I would review this place today because I literally had a dream about their stuffed grape leaves last night... I wonder what that says about my psychological state. 
Anyway, this place is really charming. The hummus plate is my usual - big ol' thing of hummus, two pitas, cucumber salad, grape leaves (yum) and a bunch of green olives. 
I usually get a gob of the hummus on the pita, roll it up with the cucumbers and some olives to make a little hummus burrito. Some may say that's blasphemy, but I am a busy dude and that's a flavor explosion that I just can't resist. 
I always save the grape leaves for last... they taste like what my grandmother's grape leaves would taste like if my grandmother was from Greece instead of Pittsburgh... really good in a homey/comforting sort of way. They are moist, with subtle flavors of oregano and lemon... highly recommended.  
Great/attentive staff. Not sure where they're from, but many of the women that work there have beautiful accents which makes me feel like I am getting "legit" hummus. 
I usually get my food to go, but have sat for lunch/worked on my laptop in the restaurant. A nice experience, but a bit loud during the busy lunch hour. They regularly feature local art that is actually worth a damn... I hope you check this place out.I've had breakfast here twice. I thought the Croissant French Toast stuffed with banana was the best item on the menu until I had the Shakshuka. Both are worth the trip.Great cafe- good food, coffee, music, and service. Also, food prices are discounted between 6 and 7pm. Great spot.This has become my favorite coffee stop. The drinks are delicious and skillfully made. The food is superb and made with real, nutritious ingredients.
What really sets it apart is the warm and welcoming staff. The newer coffee shops emerging seem to have forgotten the art of customer service. It really does go a long way.How to review this place? I'm a fan of the atmosphere- Nice place to chill on a Tuesday aftetnoon.  My chicken wrap was awesome- high quality olives, feta, pesto mayo.  I mean, amazing.  The iced coffee too was really good.  But how these 2 items came to over $11 I cannot fathom.  On the menu, the wrap is listed at $6.75, and the iced coffee at ($3.25 for 24 oz.). Maybe a city sales tax?  I'd go ask the person behind the counter, but she's telling everyone who comes to the counter how busy she is, and I don't want to trouble her.  Not sure what to make of the service here.   On the one hand, the lady behind the counter is pleasant enough, but customers should not have to feel like their presence is an inconvenience-especially when the place really doesn't seem that busy.  But with the counter person going on about almost being out of clean dishes and being so busy (yet saying she always works alone), I wonder whether other places in the area wouldn't have been a better choice.Nice cafe for coffee, tea or a bite to eat.  There was an extensive menu on the wall.  Some people were eating breakfast and brunch.  We just had tea and croissant.  Definitely worth stopping by.This place has a great selection of menu. I like their breakfast and brunch menu and choice of coffee.. Although I don't mind to repeat my order vut they should think of a better way for the order system. It was somewhat confusing, they don't quite have a system of who ordered what and whether the order was a dine-in or take outat. I also hope they can wipe down the table more often. I need to spot for a clean one in the line of tableMy husband and I stumbled upon this place for brunch while walking around Philly Free Streets a few weeks ago. We stopped in for a coffee but after looking at the menu decided to stay and eat. So glad we did! 
The place is small and cozy, but this makes for a little bit of difficulty in looking at the menu, ordering, and also getting your food through the crowds once it's ready. Once seated with everything you need, it's totally worth it though. I liked the vibe of the cafe and the fact that it was very authentic.
Coffee was good and strong. The shakshuka was so delicious, one of the best I've had. It comes with this amazing feta cheese and bread to dip. The portion is a good size but that didn't stop us from eating up the whole dish! We also got the whitefish platter, because what Jew doesn't love a good whitefish bagel?! The platter was huge, although it only came with one bagel. We piled each of our half bagel high with fresh whitefish, capers, onions, tomatoes, lettuce, cucumber, and olives. Sooo good. 
Pretty happy we randomly found this cafe and I'm sure we'll be back soon!Well, they serve La Columbe coffee, the flavored body of which does not have as much depth as the roaster's location, but does pretty well in its one-size-fits-all cup and cheaper price for the refills.
The music playing this evening included the Smiths, Nick Cave, and I believe Antony and the Johnsons, which was hip enough for me to pay attention and laid back enough for me to get work done. Speaking of getting things done, no one bothered me or gave me a second glance as I read D. H. Lawrence's the Rainbow (well, the introduction), and a communist newspaper. Both are good qualities in a cafe, at least by my book of books.
Speaking of which, the majority of the customers/visitors were indeed doing work--reading, such as myself, or using a computer, or engaged in some group activity. There were a couple couples that chilled outside, as the December Globally-Warmed Climate allowed for that to be comfortable. All in all, there are probably ten tables, including the two outside. But the place is a bit crowded, with tables each fitting around four people total, so I would not recommend large groups.
The food was fine. Check out the semi-strange selection of sandwiches and omelets. I tried the Brie Sandwich, which include Brie (not sure the kind), granny smith apples, on toasted raisin bread. It wasn't the most complex thing in the world but I've never heard anything like it so I gave it a shot. Great bargain--four bucks. There were also bigger sandwiches on hoagey-style rolls, and salads, and soups. Also, sandwiches come with free salad or chips. I went with the salad. A lot of cucumbers but I hear those things are good for you, so I'm over my marked distaste for them.
The barista, or counter help, was a nice woman who seemed helpful and friendly to most customers. I'd definitely go back, and in fact, let's switch that tense over--I will definitely go back. It helps that the place is located in one of the hippest neighborhoods in Philadelphia--Northern Liberties--and it helps that there's a lot of cool galleries/bars nearby, Market Street a five minute walk southwards, and highways on the other side, tearing the neighborhood apart. The Benny Frank Bridge is just around the corner too, for all you Camden-types that need to get out.I would like to add to my previous review:
-Near closing time (after 5pm? or it might be after 6pm...) their sandwiches are half-off, which makes them about $4 each. Great lunch option for next day.
-For breakfast, salsa omelette with brie is really good, and very unexpected (in a good way) for this type of place (IMO).
-Their lentil soup (when they have it for special) is really really good. Robust, full of flavor.
-They make a little heart or tree shaped froth milk topping on your latte/cappuccino when they pour the milk. Pretty cute. They showed me how to do it, and I tried to do it at home, but failed miserably and burned my cup-holding hand.As winter's first snow flurries began to drift into Olde City, my housemate and I decided to pay Cafe Ole a visit to (1) avoid the cold and (2) attempt to do some work. Both the exterior and interior decor are quaintly charming and homey. Upon stepping in, the wonderful smells of shakshuka, baked goods, and coffee fill your senses and any attempts to resist ordering something is futile. 
Pros:
-- Food is obviously delicious
-- Service is fast and staff are efficient
-- I ordered a Lox Bagel Sandwich and requested very little cream cheese. They are the only place that has actually understood what "little" means!!! So Cafe Ole, thank you for making my Lox breakfast the Lox breakfast of my dreams!
-- They bring the food to you after you order and take your plates away when you're done
Cons:
-- Outlets are accessible to only a few tables really. Perhaps if you have a longer charger, you could reach some.
-- The high table near the door is the most spacious in terms of surface area and has 4 outlet jacks, but it is right next to the door so be prepared to constantly be hit with cold area if you dare sit there
-- Cafe Ole is super busy on the weekends (regardless of time), so it's not an ideal place to do work if you easily get distracted
-- If you're doing work with a friend, I wouldn't recommend Cafe Ole since the tables are small and it just barely holds 2 Mac laptops
Cafe Ole is definitely a place I would go to grab a quick bite for either eat-in or to go, but not somewhere I would try to sit down in and do work (at least on the weekends, anyway). If you are in the area and want food, definitely check Cafe Ole out!The dishes are still dirty and the laundry is piling up... all in the  service of Yelp!  
So it was a hot sunny day, and I needed to escape my cube.  I thought to myself, where can I find good, quick eats within walking distance?  And Cafe Ole sprung to mind.  It's in the old Quarry St Cafe storefront.  Anyone remember that place?  An old favorite haunt of mine, back when a certain club owner wasn't such a tool... or maybe he was, but this place was cool.
Anyway, I digress yet again.  Cafe Ole, right.  It's a bustling little cafe, more cafe than coffeeshop due to a large and Israeli-oriented menu.  The woman who owns it is all business & that's a good thing.   Despite the crowds, I was in & out of there in 5 minutes with a delicious baguette style panini sandwich with tomato, fresh mozz, kalamatas & pesto.  It was $9 with tax but on the large side.  Figure about this price for a hearty lunch, or a few bucks more with a drink.  Not the cheapest, but quick & tasty.  A definite plus when it comes to lunchtime eats.I've been going to yoga around this cafe, and every time I walk by there is such an aromatic delicious smell, it naturally drew me in. 
I've yet to get any coffee, pastries or other goodies but my boyfriend and I split the European Grilled Cheese and the Vegetable Shakshuka, came to about $20. 
It's not cheap, but it was really delicious and my first ever shakshuka which has led me to make it this week at home! It's a delicious blend of tomatoes, cumin, paprika and poached eggs -- ours was filled with veggies and chickpeas, although they have other options of chicken or hummus ( not on menu).
The grilled cheese had great flavor too.
Overall, although it was not a cheap meal, it was really delicious and just a cute shop to stop on a nice day. They have some outdoor seating as well, in the cutesy antique shop area of old cityAmazing food and bountiful portions!   The omelets come with a side of Cucumber salad, bread and a labne type of cheese.   The shakshuka is amazing and the tarts are delicious!  Great way to start the day!Had breakfast here before my friend took me to the station. The menu had so many yummy sounding dishes that I couldn't make up my mind! I finally chose the croissant sandwich which is egg and cheese in between the delicious flaky heaven of that curvy baked good. It was exactly what I'd hoped for and considered ordering another. Decided not to and I can't say that was not a mistake. Oh well. Next time. 
The café is small but with adequate seating and a fun vibe. I hear good things about the shakshuka and their pastries looked appetizing. Worth a visit and will make sure to come back when I'm in Philly.favorite place to grab lunch and get some work done. lovely atmosphere. in the summer they open all the doors and its so pleasant. greek salad is the best in the area. great coffee and the BEST mint green tea ever. it is so so good and free refills which makes the $3.50 way worth it, especially if you're hanging out. the staff are all really nice and engaging. definitely pass by starbucks and walk the extra block for this place. it's awesome.I can't believe I haven't gotten around to writing a review of this place yet - it's my go-to study spot and I love it!  
Cafe Ole basically has all the makings for a 5 hour-long study session during finals time...I usually come in around 11 am on a weekday (to beat the lunchtime rush) and start a tab...I start with some iced coffee (I'm pretty sure there are free refills) and then follow up with the bangin Shaushuka or a Euro grilled cheese sandwich.  They have a huge menu of breakfast food (served til 3pm) and premade sandwiches and salads...honestly, everything looks amazing but I just stick to my usual two items bc I'm a creature of habit. 
The only thing I would caution about is that it can get pretty crowded on weekends and during lunch hour, and that there aren't as many outlets as I'd like.  (though, that's not an issue for a lot of people who just come, eat, and leave)  Other than that, the food and service are both on point.Cafe Ole might be dubbed Cafe OK, because it is just that. The atmosphere is nothing desirable, and the coffee takes like coffee. It's nice to sit outside, and the food tends to be good. But I'll take the consistency and atmosphere of Starbucks over this.The long and short of it, I walked out of Cafe Ole a happy customer.
We checked out this place upon a recommendation from a concierge, and it turned out to be a good idea.  I was a little apprehensive.  I had never been to a coffee house that had an Israeli-influenced menu.  However, the lovely lady behind the counter was able to point me in the right direction, and I ordered a egg white turkey wrap and a chai.
AWESOME!  The portions were ample, and the ingredients were fresh.  I felt like I had eaten a hearty meal, but without feeling like it was going to sit like a rock in my stomach throughout the morning.
Although it was busy, we didn't have any trouble finding a nice sized table (big enough to enjoy a newspaper on).  The atmosphere was friendly, and you could see that there were folks there that were regulars.
I would definitely come back here again.  Maybe for a lunch...  :)
Thanks, Cafe Ole!After a disappointing walk to the middle of nowhere Cafe Estelle, my friend and I decided to skip the 40 minute wait and head back to Old City for Sunday brunch. Cafe Ole is what we happened upon, and we were seriously glad about that!
We were insanely starved and, since they were out of the portobello wrap, we went for French toast and a toasted veggie wrap -- yummily filled with tofu, red peppers, chickpeas, spinach and some kind of wonderful spices -- which came with either chips of a side salad of chopped cucumbers and tomatoes in light dressing. Add a little salt to that, and it's mighty refreshing. the cinnamon raisin bagel, with crunchy cinnamon sugar topping on top and cranberries inside was the only thing that was only so so. 
Aot to mention, in full, the meal was super-filling! Also filling was the skim green tea chai. mmmmm. But geez did the pastry section look goooood. larger (impending) Mmmmmmm. 
The people hanging out seemed chill, though in their own little worlds, which can refreshing in itself sometimes. And the rushed servers behind their lovely counter were super sweet. You can tell it'd be nice to be a regular there...In a world where there's a Starbucks on every corner (almost literally in some places), it always warms my heart to see an independent coffee shop.  Cafe Ole is just such a place.  Located on 3rd Street, north of Market, this place serves coffee, tea, healthy pre-made sandwiches and salads, fruit, desserts, etc.  You can park yourself at a table outside while enjoying their wireless internet (which won't be much of a novelty soon, since Philly is going completely wireless), or you can sit indoors and enjoy the local artwork, friendly staff, and independent ambiance.  Personally, I think Starbucks' coffee is bitter - like burned dirt - so I prefer the coffee at Cafe Ole.  Or any independent coffee shop.  Or Wawa for that matter.  But my coffee tastes aside, this is a great little place to enjoy a cup 'o joe and a good book or good conversation.  Ole!This is my new go-to place for studying whenever I'm in the Philly Old City area.  While I have found the coffee to be decent, it is actually not the strongest part of this coffeeshop.  What this establishment does have going for it is it's consistently tasty food (yum yum Israeli shakshuka), eclectic and interesting music, and consistently friendly staff.  Great atmosphere for sitting around and getting some work done.Been here many times. Small
cozy atmosphere.  Today we decided to go here for brunch. We had Shakshuka, a traditional Israeli breakfast and a white fish salad meal.  Both were delicious. They have great coffee, humus and desserts as well.  Staff are very warm, friendly and welcoming. I highly recommend for anyone to check the place out.I ordered a breakfast wrap, it was delicious! The wrap itself was big, I was expecting something small, but the size of it was a big portion. The vibe of the restaurant was very cool too, I would definitely go back!It's my favorite place on earth. Coffee is great. Food is always good. Not as much fun without the dogs. (no dogs allowed anymore) Staff makes my coffee when they see me walk in. The outside seating is great on a nice day.(dog friendly) Good  people  watching.Good coffee shop. Stopped in to do some work. Be Fady because this place is packed. The food looked good although I did not have any. Everyone was raving about the shakshulah. The one hung that keeps me from awarding that 5th star is that there was no AC in the place. It was pretty hot out and even hotter inside. Luckily I was able to sit outside in the shade but hose tables are hard to get.Had an amazing brunch here on a weekend trip to Philly. The girls at the front counter were super friendly and cleared our plates at the end of the meal. The ice coffee was strong and delicious. My friend had the lox platter with everything bagel and I had an egg white omelette with spinach feta pepper and onions. My platter came with Israeli salad, guacamole, and a yummy side of fresh Greek yogurt, s&p and olive oil. Generous proportions and fresh ingredients, highly recommended.I watched in horror as the barista hit the espresso handle on the trashcan and put it back into the machine. Thats not sanitary miss.
Cafe Ole is an okay spot if you don't mind it being a bit crowded. They're always friendly and quick. The bagels are just right. They'll only give you a frequent buyer card if you ask but then every 6th coffee or so is free.
I go here because of the free refills!Nice place with hommy Mediterranean-American food, vegan friendly with few dishes. Free wifi and a welcoming atmosphere.I ordered the Nutella crepe off of UberEATS and loved it! They managed to make a nice presentation in a white takeout box and it was delicious. The crepe is stuffed with strawberries and bananas which went perfectly with the Nutella. If you're in the mood for a dessert breakfast, this crepe hits the spot.I have been here a few times now, and have been really happy with the drink selection. I have ordered coffee, iced green tea, and an iced chia; all were awesome. My favorite of the three I have had was the iced green tea, and I recommend that anyone stops in this place to try it! 
Though I loved the drinks, I was not super impressed by the food. Ordered a chicken and mozzarella sandwich. They heated it up on a panini press, and served it with a salad (cucumbers, tomato, oil and vinegar). The salad wasn't fresh, and I didn't care for it much.  I thought the sandwich was decently tasty, and would definitely try it again.As everyone else here mentioned, the shashuska is to die for. So much better than anywhere else I've been to, and the price is right too. I go to Yoga on the Pier, if you are a student there, you can get 10% off your order which is nice as Race Street Pier is quite close to Cafe Ole. Had a breakfast pumpernickel bagel with egg and cheese. Ingredients seemed fresh, although the price was a bit high perhaps. The bagels are thin and wide, which may or may not be your style.This is one of my favorite places in old city. Mint iced green tea, and vanilla lattes with almond milk are my favorites! Really great salads, and the cucumber side salad is delicious.This place has the best coffee around. They also have a cherry apple nut bagel that I dream about. The people who work there are like a comedy act and really seem to enjoy the chaos that comes with running a popular coffee shop. But it's always so busy I have yet to be able to eat my food there, and my biggest quip is that they are not open when I'm on my way to work. Big setback. I do have to be at work early but I don't think it's unreasonable for a coffee shop to be open early. So this has become my weekend take out breakfast place. Ps the sandwiches look delicious but have yet to try themThis is my new "working remotely" spot.  Great place to come and get coffee - free re-fills.  Just don't come and ask for decaf - only have decaf tea selections.  Best wi-fi connection I've found, so I can work and connect to remote desktops and not be bogged down by a bad connection.  So far have only gotten lunch once, which was this rediculously robust and delicious white fish salad with a multi-grain bagel - check out the pictures associated with Ole Cafe.  Also, perfect place to go, get an iced coffee and sit outside at on a beautiful day.  Just don't start coming here too frequently or bring soooo many people that I have no where to work anymore!This is what makes Old City such a great place to live.  Small neighborhood coffee shop with great food, great people and coffee in a real cup with free refills.  Grab a book or meet some friends - either way Cafe Ole is the spot to hang.Great coffee, sandwiches, salads and pastries!  My go to place when I work from home!!Sidewalk tables, breeze from the river and one of the best sandwiches I have ever eaten: European cheese sandwich grilled in a sandwich press alongside the whole grain pita they were warming for our Mediterranean salad plate. Obviously a neighborhood hangout with original artwork on the walls and lots of friendly conversation at the tables.After complaining to too many people about the lack of healthy-ish, delicious and inexpensive non-pizza options for lunch in Old City, and after all of those people telling me to go to Cafe Ole, I finally went  today. It was indeed delicious, and fairly healthy, but not exactly inexpensive. I got the Mediterranean Plate -- generous portions of homemade hummus and chopped cucumber+ tomato salad, plus two big pitas, two stuffed grape leaves, a handful of green AND black olives, and several big chunks of feta. It was so good, and way too much food. This would be perfect for two people, but it wasn't something I could eat at one sitting or get in a doggy bag. Seems silly to complain about too much food, but it was an embarrassment of riches. The Mediterranean Plate plus a small bottle of water was $10 and change.
A bonus: They serve breakfast (all sorts of omelettes etc.) until late in the afternoon.Pretty good neighborhood cafe, they have great salads and sandwiches, the goat with brie is a classic but they do it well.  Good seating space ( outside as well) noise level for doing work, and doesn't get too crowded. I don't drink coffee, so can't comment on that, but have gone with friends and don't remember any complaints.  It's also in a nice street, charming and great for boutique and vintage shopping.Phenomenal! They had the best iced coffee I have ever had. I make sure to stop by every time I'm in Philly. They also have outdoor seating where you can bring your pets along to enjoy!Just moved to Philly and needed a place to eat and study.  Cafe Ole is only a few blocks from my apartment, and it felt very welcoming when I walked by.  The food is tasty and the coffee is great (though pricey - I think they raised the prices just recently).Just had the best omelette I have ever had here. Goat cheese, lox, and capers. There is also Israeli music playing in the background. Just an awesome place for brunch/coffee/sandwiches. I will be back. Probably tomorrow.I've been avoiding cafe ole for the past few months due to consistently bad experiences where the food has been of poor quality.  Each of these problems have happened on more than one occasion (in some instances 3+):
1.  The shakshuka is either overcooked or undercooked.  If you order it as is, you get eggs that are cooked to hell - they might as well be hard boiled.  If you ask for the eggs runny, you get raw eggs.  I love this dish, but I've stopped ordering it since I can't seem it get it cooked right.
2.  The salads are covered in oil.  I'm not sure why - they come with dressing.
3.  The cheese on the sandwiches is now grated muenster instead of sliced - it falls all over the place and you can't even taste it.
I'll be back, I'm just not over it yet.Hmm... I don't know what to say that hasn't been said. Cafe Ole is amazing. True, it is more "corner store bistro" than the traditional coffee shop but... hey. I like corner store bistros. The service was friendly and genuine. The food was amazing. I didn't try the coffee but I will have to go back when I am in the area again. I give this place 5 stars.Very good sandwich, reasonably priced. I haven't tried any drinks yet, but I'm sure I'll be back. I suspect that what a previous reviewer called 'rude' was a certain brusqueness that people from the country of origin of the women behind the counter are known for. I found them to be perfectly friendly.Walked into this cafe while visiting Philly.  We ordered two salads when they were not made fresh, they were pulled right out of the display case.  The salads tasted fine, what was a little odd was the service.  The waitress/cashier wanted to give us a bagel.  She just slid the plate to us on the counter and insisted we take the bagel because she had extra.  She said it was at no charge but we weren't interested and it went back and forth a little until she accepted we didn't want it.  Weird.  Anyway the food was fine.  The pumpkin pie latte was tasty.  The seating was cramped and the table available during our lunch was right next to the bathroom and people were constantly opening the door right near our table to go in and out. I wouldn't go again, maybe just for a latte.Great little neighborhood spot with outside seating for nice weather days.
They have great sandwich options and a toaster oven to make them more delicious.  If I were to recommend just one thing on their menu, it would be the shakshuka.  Not a lot of places to get this yummy middle-eastern poached egg dish in the city and they do it well here.  It's big enough to share too!A place for old Bohemians. 
I wound up at Cafe Ole one morning because the Wedge & Fig was, annoyingly, not open yet. Since I suffer from an affliction known as 'hanger' (anger resulting from hunger), Lady Mary suggested the nearest geographical place to our location, Cafe Ole. 
We walked into bright room, full of hippies, and free spirits from the continent. Joy. 
Apparently there is no table service. We arrived at that conclusion after sitting at our table for 10 minutes with no greeting. The sign directing orders to be taken at the counter was either backpacking across eastern Europe, or was never conceived. We waited in line to place food orders as elderly couples caressed each other, and looked longly into each other's eyes. Nothing to whet the old appetite like a long haired Spaniard snogging his 4th wife. Hanger was rapidly setting in, but I couldn't see my way clear to order any food from this establishment, and opted only for a coffee. Lady Mary, being much more gentile, granted Ole the benefit of the doubt, and ordered the lox plate. 
Tangential Point: Where does the food come from??? I can't see a kitchen, or any room in the building for a kitchen. Perhaps it is prepared in the basement? 
This tangent doesn't much matter, as there didn't seem to be much cooking going on anyway. Lady Mary's dish was a crudely assembled miss-mash of lettuce, old vegetables, and a spot of salmon. 'Worth every bit of twelve quid.' I remarked sarcastically. Even my good lady was unable to pretend that this plate, and indeed place, was anything other than bollux. Hanger got the better of me that day, but I shall live to fight again...just not here.  
Perhaps Cafe Ole is the scandal in bohemia to which Conan Doyle referred??I would eat here every day if it was possible. It gets crowded so be patient and aware, but the sandwiches are divine (Brie, European Grilled Cheese).  The Mediterenean Platter is scrumptious. But the very best thing is the Shakshuka. Don't be afraid of the name. It is maginificent. Dippy eggs with a chunky, flavorful tomato gravy/sauce and bread for dipping that is warm and toast. It really doesn't get much better. Their green tea with lemon and mint is also delicious. My favorite lunch spot in the city.Perhaps it was because it was in the afternoon.
Or maybe because it was a Wednesday.
Or maybe... maybe it's me, not you Cafe Ole.
All I know is that I came here with my laptop, ready to settle into an afternoon of semi-productivity and people watching, and was a bit disappointed.
Don't get me wrong - the decor was cute, the seating was comfy, and the lentil soup was delish.
But when an old man sat down next to me and began clipping coupons, it became clear that this obviously wasn't my type of crowd.This is a good spot to grab a quick, non-pizza lunch in Old City. Food is good, lines can be a bit slow and there's rarely a good spot to sit. Fortunately, we lived nearby and could take it with us. Overall, I'd recommend but I don't rush to head back.Got green chai with soy, which was very tasty and delicious. Nice ambiance. They had several differentt types of chai. I'll have to go again sometime and try the other ones.Skakshuka is back (most of the time) and even when it's overcooked it's still pretty delicious. Get it with the baguette instead of the rolls. The chicken quesadilla is delicious too! Both types of french toast are perfection. Best fast-casual food in Old City.I want to love this place but I don't. I have mixed feelings mostly...
The crossant french toast? Freaking fantastic. Delicious. But occasionally when we come on the weekend they run out. It's happened a couple times. Bummer.
The iced tea in the summer time? Love it. Refreshing and delightful.
Ok so what I don't love - The coffee. I'm latte obsessed, and their espresso leaves much to be desired. It tastes burnt to me often. The service can also be occasionally impersonal and rushed. I uderstand that this is probably because they get pretty busy, but I don't get the warm gooey neighborhood feeling here that I get at other coffee shopsGreat and quick service! Love ordering To-go from here. Favorite is the unsweetened iced teas and the delicious and huge chicken quesadilla. It is packed with chicken, cheese and veggies and doesn't disappoint. Very nice staff as well. I am not a regular by any means, but they were still very pleasant. Also, I have had iced coffees and hot lattes here, all very tasty. Definitely recommend this place for a quick bite to eat!Such a nice surprise,walking down the street with my beautiful girl looking for a nice place to eat and I stumbled across this place. Had just left a dinner that looked like it had good greasy food, but wasn't in the mood for it. This place at first looked like a coffee joint but turned out to be a killer food stop. With the Vibe of a European bistro with A wonderful Israeli  salad and super grilled Pennines so full of flavor we know that we will be back. 
the woman behind the counter who seemed to be running the place was so nice and enthusiastic about how melty the cheese was on our sandwich's.Comfortable, friendly atmosphere. Great food. My favorites (omelets, french toast, chicken sandwich, and their soups).
Only complaint is their wifi needs to be reset frequently. Gets very crowded weekend mornings.This coffee shop is a few blocks from my house.  This place continues to disappoint!
My first experience included a $5 soy latte that was half foam.  The person at the register was less than friendly and a bit stand off-ish.  
The owner was extremely frazzled the second time I tried this place.  For whatever reason they didn't get the shop open on time and were scrambling to get things done (didn't even have any coffee brewed).  Absolutely NO customer service on this visit.
Today was my third (and FINAL) experience.....apparently THEY DON't OFFER DECAF....ANYTHING!!  I recently gave up caffeine and now enjoy a triple decaf espresso over ice with unsweetened almond milk.  Unfortunately, they lost a customer today and because they don't cater to all coffee lovers - I marched right down the street to Starbucks.  
I was a barista for 3 years back in the day and to me this is just CRAZY!!
It's a bummer because I believe in supporting local businesses (even if they are WAY overpriced).  So far Old City coffee is my fave!I've been wanting to try a chai latte at this place forever, and I was not disappointed. They have what looked like more than eight different flavors of chai including spiced, gingerbread, green tea, raspberry maybe? and more I've forgotten. 
My spiced chai latte was easily the best I've ever had. The boyfriend had an Americano, and apparently it was much better than the burnt ones he usually gets at Starbucks. Who knew. 
Aside from the drinks the warm, low-key atmosphere of the place was really inviting. This is the kind of place with a tack board for fliers, people leisurely hanging out, and a bowl proclaiming "clean spoons" with, you guessed it, real spoons! The outdoor seating area, which was perfect for people watching and taking in a nice block of Old City, was just icing on the cake.I think I just came at a bad time. I heard that Cafe Ole was a great spot to just pick up a cup of coffee and get great indoor or outdoor seating. While I did get the coffee and food, which were both very good, the service was backed up and slow.  On top of that the tables were really dirty and not cleaned off.Shakshuka is super tasty and is served with a couple pieces of delicious bread.  I've only ever had the regular coffee and it's pretty good  as well.  The turnovers of different varieties are also very nice when in the mood for something sweet.  The "bus your own table" system could be improved... but it's a very minor inconvenience.This place is awesome. I live a block away and I just made it down here a couple months ago for the first time. The best things here are definitely the shakshuka, mexican hot chocolate, hummus, grape leaves, and the fact that they serve breakfast until around 3 pm, sunday morning hangovers have never looked so good. I come here when I have a to of work to get done for school and I can usually enjoy breakfast and lunch while I work with little distraction. My boyfriend loves the salads and sandwiches and the fast and friendly service. Better than Old City coffee and the local starbucks, by far.Its 30 steps from my door. They have La Colombe which is always brewed perfectly. I have never had a bad cup of coffee here. EVER. The iced tropical green tea with fresh mint is a perfect afternoon, summer treat. The bagels and breakfast sandwiches are very tasty but a little pricey for what they are.  The sandwich and salad case always looks full, fresh and colorful though I have never had anything from it. Two downfalls. The staff (the later afternoon) sometimes acts as if you are inconvienencing them. I guess because Im not a hipster. The girls in the morning are always fantastic. The dogs outside at the tables are always annoying because they are constantly in the middle of 3rd street. Look past those downfalls and you an almost perfect, neighborhood coffee shop complete with the odd ball coffee shop music no one has ever heard of playing over the speakers.Always busy, always great atmosphere. I don't go there often, but when I do I see happy customers. I think it has a lot to do with the personality of the owners and their personal touch, the music they play and the kind of food they offer, which is Mediterranean cuisine or influenced by such.
I like the food alright, but I'm not crazy about it. I remember a vegetarian omelette (on few occasions!) gave me a heartburn and it didn't sit well therefore Im hesitant about eating there. Despite my personal experience with their food I still think they have lots of good stuff to offer.Great food and music loud enough to keep the study hall people out. I wouldn't really call it a traditional coffee shop but it's a great place for lunch !I decided to finally come in here after seeing it on my work every morning, and it is a cool place. The coffee shop was pretty chill and the barista was very nice. The coffee was decent, and I enjoyed the croissant. Maybe next time I should give their sandwiches a try.Delicious food! Staff is friendly and helpful as well. The chicken mozzarella sandwich was excellent and filling. A lot of people here get smoothies as well. They serve breakfast until 3pm everyday!! Steady foot traffic! It is definitely a neighborhood favorite and reasonably priced!!
Will be back again!Café Olé is an excellent and unique cafe. The four flavors of iced tea and the coffee options are as good as it gets. I definitely prefer this neighborhood spot over Starbucks. You also get free refills on the iced tea which is an added bonus. 
Menu favorites include the sandwiches, the french toast and the shakshuka. If you are into unique items, I highly recommend the shakshuka in fresh stewed tomato sauce.  
The staff is friendly and with free Wi-Fi it is a great place to sit with company for quick morning bite, or really anytime during the day. I forgot to mention that the breakfast menu is also served until 3pm.Great coffee. Energetic, friendly service! I had the French Toast! It was awesome. Lauren had the Pesto Omelet. Really nice unassuming atmosphere. Free wifi.
Lots on the menu for breakfast, lunch and dinner.
We will be back!I live right around the corner and walking over to Cafe Ole is always a nice treat. Their chai lattes are always super yummy as well as the food they serve daily. The owner is super nice and helpful. The outdoor seating is relaxing on beautiful days to come and watch the traffic go by and sit with your dog, like I do. They are a little pricey but I would way rather support a local business than a chain any day.Eating at Cafe Ole was great. I had gone with a pretty large group, and the people working there were very nice and accommodating. The place is very quaint and cozy, and the food was delicious. I read the other reviews and decided to try the classic shakshuka. The portion size is quite large-- I couldn't finish it even though I wanted to, since it was so good. Also! They have free refills for the coffee which I thought was awesome.Iced tea aficionados are well-served at Cafe Olé, who keep two brews topped up and ready to be garnished with fresh mint and lemon on hand at all times. 
Since I'm not a coffee drinker, iced tea gets me going in the warm months.  Having an actual choice between brewed elixirs -- green tea or black -- that are both free of corn syrup/sugar is a rare thrill indeed.  Free refills provide the sweetening of the deal. 
In addition, the food here is much better, and healthier, than standard coffee shop fare.  There's pastries, to be sure, but also lovely homemade hummus with pita and cuke salad, wrap and panini sandwiches heavy on vegetables and things like grilled chicken and a few salads to choose from.  The girls working the counter have always been sweet as punch, and give appreciative "thank you"s when you drop them a tip.This is a tasty little Israeli cafe with lots of delicious drinks and a pretty extensive breakfast & lunch menu. I've had some of their tea, coffee, salads, and cookies here on different occasions, and all have been satisfying. Today I shared the Mediterranean platter with grape leaves, green olives, kalamata olives, hummus, feta, cucumber salad, and two pitas. I wish the space were bigger, since it gets pretty crowded on Sundays (which is when we're on that side of town). If I'm there chatting with friends, I sometimes get the stinkeye from those working on their laptops simply because the seating is so tight. However, in warmer weather they do have outdoor tables and chairs so you can enjoy the sunshine. All in all, I plan to return.The food is really great but there are no prices anywhere!? That adds to confusion when ordering because there wasn't anyway to really know what you're getting. The French Toast and Pesto Omelet are amazing and good portions, the scrambled eggs are also nice if you're looking for something a little on the lighter side. I found the coffee to be tasty and the free wifi a nice addition. The help was so so.Two words: CHAI HEAVEN. 
This place had probably a dozen types of chai to choose from. I personally had the pumpkin spice chai latte with soy milk and it was so freaking delicious I thought about it all day.
I wish I could have picked this place up and took it home with me.In Philadelphia only for three days and this place is my breakfast choice for two of the three. It would be all three, but they were closed one day. The shakshuka is, quite simply, the perfect breakfast for me. Three perfectly poached eggs in a truly amazing tomato sauce. Coffee is pretty darned good, prices are reasonable. It just doesn't get any better. In fact, after my first taste, I told my wife I could eat this four or five days a weekJust ordered the veggie shakshuka which was huge and hearty enough for 2 people. Comes with baguette and quality olive oil/yogurt/spice dips; all of it was delicious. We wiped our plates clean haha. Prompt service, cozy place, would come back to try their Mediterranean platter, sandwiches and baklava!Nice atmosphere.  Try the Shakshuka -- like an Israeli huevos rancheros...very good.  The banana bread (when they have it) is also great.I love giving good reviews, but I just cannot for this place. 
Although their food is good, the staff is rude and snobby. 
I have been there a couple times, but this time I asked for decaf coffee. Oh boy...the END of the world!  The girl at the counter looked at me like I had three heads and then rolled her eyes at me. "We don't have decaf!"  Okay, how about a decaf americano?  (Bigger eye roll) "we don't HAVE decaf!!"  
I left feeling like I had done something wrong. I won't go back, simply because....I can get good food anywhere in the city....along with my decaf. And without the eye roll. 
Get an attitude adjustment Cafe Ole! (And some decaf espresso for your customers)A sparse aesthetic that allows the food and the coffee to speak for itself. On a nice day, they throw open the side doors and allow a breeze and sunlight to pour into the long room, cast shadows across the tables and wood floors. 
Olé is appropriately named, I think, because its short and to-the-point. It's a no-frills coffee shop with reasonable prices and excellent options. It's not so self-aware as to be obnoxious (which is a major problem with most coffee shops in cities). It knows what it is: a simple coffee shop with a simple run of sandwiches and side dishes. I hear the hummus is awesome but haven't been able to test it myself yet. 
The music is kept at a nice level, the clientelle is calm and intentional, rarely filled with tourists and the coffee-squatting, gauge-piercing crowd. It's a good place to get a little work done, maybe grab a quick lunch, and move on with your exciting life in one of the country's great cities.You have to taste their Rasbewrry ice tea : if you life tea, you will like it !
It's a cute place. Nice moment.Very delightful team works here and it is very popular. They need extra counter and clean up help.  Yummy!  That is the food.  Enjoyed a Brie with Apple sandwich. Cute atmosphere.  Many things are pre-made so you are not able to customize.  I like it here very much.Breakfast was good and all the ingredients were fresh.  Seating is rather challenging, but it is generally worth the wait.Wow. This place is amazing. I got the goat cheese and smoked salmon omelet. Blown away. It also came with a refreshing cucumber salad, guacamole, a roll and a dish filled with olive oil and more goat cheese for the bread.  
Great atmosphere, music, food, price, etc. Can't say enough about this place!!Ive worked in the area for 8yrs now and used to frequent this place 3-4 times a month for coffee and breakfast/lunch and over time Ive seen things drop off in regards to customer service, food quality and increased prices. I understand that coffee is like gas when it comes to prices and sometimes the market dictates it. However the food prices have really gone up as well. Ex.  Got a breakfast wrap 3 ingredients.egg,cheese and 1 link of turkey sausage cut up. The online menu said 7.25, got to the shop and the menu on the wall  said 8.25. Ok I figure the online  menu was old...real price 11.75. I ask about the price on the wall shoulders are shrugged and I'm told " oh yeah we have to get around to updating those prices".
 I walk out thinking why am I coming here anymore I just paid $16 for an egg sandwich and coffee, the high price coffee is just ok and it isnt like you walk out smiling because of the nice customer service and great food.  Coffe shops are a dime a dozen in old city and N. Liberities....bye Cafe Ole time to move on.so i still whimper a little bit every time i pass by here at 7 am and it's not open... but it's become a staple of my weekend.  and i absolutely love it.
if you can snag an outdoor seat in the sun, do it. one of the most amazing ways to eat breakfast in the city
now i want a cherry apply nut bagel. humphJust got a chicken mozzarella sandwich and a side salad from there that tasted wonderful. The bread was wonderfully crunchy and all the fixings of the sandwich tasted great!Arrived in Philly yesterday, woke up, did the Independence Hall tour and Liberty Bell tour with a coffee-less morning headache, then did my first run of 2014 - a 10.6 miler. No kidding, I had an afternoon hangover! Café Olé to the rescue! A quick cup of coffee to go and I managed another 5 miles of walking around town before beer-thirty. Sweet neighborhood joint, great coffee...
4.78 starsThis food is phenomenal.  Nothing like cafe ole on the weekends!  The salads are all SO good- my favorites are the spinach and the Mediterranean platter.  Other favorites include the brie and apple sandwich and pretty much any dessert.  But the winner is always the Shakshuka for me - wow.  I've tried two of their versions now - traditional and Moroccan.  Nothing better!This place is the best.  The food is great, the coffee is great, the staff is friendly, the ambience is nice... 
you can't go wrong.  
Why people go to the crusty starbucks on 3rd and ARch is beyond me.I'll need to go back for the shakshuka, but my grilled chicken wrap with its accompanying little salad (mostly just diced cucumbers) were both very good. Though she was working alone with a line of customers, the waitress was both very professional and thoughtful when she offered to re-make the wrap as it was falling apart on the grill (I declined). Also, a little bird sat on our table as we ate, which was a plus (no sarcasm intended). Excited to go back again.If there was a "like" button for the other poor reviews I would click it. It's true.... on many of my trips here I have been given the "I wish you weren't here" kind of treatment from an employee. My partner and I have also witnessed more than one occasion where the 'manager' (I think) was really nasty and yelled at her employee in front of the whole cafe over an order that got mixed up. There's more than one thing wrong with a place that will degrade an employee and make a scene over something like that.
On a positive note, the coffee is Okay. The food is quality. It's a convenient location and has good outdoor seating.I have been going to Cafe Ole for about 8 years. It is one of my favorite places in Philly. The staff is always so friendly and fun, and the owner is the best! The ambiance is perfect, especially on the warmer days when the doors are open and you can sit outside. If you go to Cafe Ole, you MUST order the shakshuka. It is salty, flavorful, and filling. The mediterranean platter is also a great choice. Their sandwiches are delicious and heated when you order. The coffee and tea is great. Basically, you can't go wrong with anything you order because it is all so fresh and consistent. (:Perfect for a grab-n-go coffee/pastry. And very friendly staff. Don't be deterred by a long line--it always moves fast as the employees are very quick and efficient.Came here to meet a friend and we got the pumpkin spice chai and peppermint chair with soy. Delish and refreshing! The staff was really friendly in making recommendations for us, including what kind of milk would go well with our drinks since I wouldn't have a clue haha.
Food is half price after 6 pm, and they close at 7 pm! Definitely going to come back and check out the food next time. :)This is my favorite cafè in the entire city. The employees are genuinely friendly, they make great coffee, and with open doors, a wall mural and outdoor seating, this place exudes a most welcoming vibe. I recommend getting their raisin bread & brie sandwich, it's the bomb:)I had a 10 AM Bfast there on Saturday.  Very good food, folks behind the counter were polite.  Would definitely recommend it and I will be going back.I. love. this. place.  Very cute and casual atmosphere, indoor and outdoor seating, friendly staff (it helps that I live around the corner, too! :)! For beverages, I'll typically get an iced coffee (my favorite coffee in the neighborhood) or iced green team (comes with lemon and mint....delish!!). I come here at least once a week for coffee, if not for the shakshuka. This is to die for!!  I introduced the dish to my boyfriend who was inspired to make a few different versions at home!!
i would highly recommend the Mediterranean Platter.  Wonderful home-made hummus, rice wrapped in grapeseed leaves, feta and chopped cucumbers.  So yummy!! And as mentioned in other reviews, everything is half price from 6-7pm to clean up shop before closing down for the day. 
Be sure to get their frequent customer card.  After you buy 10 drinks/sandwiches, the 11th is free.I live off of the hummus and pita at this place. I try to pack a lunch, but then, at 11:30am when I am faced with a sad little container of yogurt, the hummus calls to me. 
It's the best I've found. Fresh, flavorful and textured (with a few un-smashed chick peas sprinkled in). As a bonus, an order of small hummus (which really isn't all that small) comes with a side salad of diced cucumbers and tomatoes. The pita is the only tricky part. Some days I get one pita, other days I get two, which really doesn't matter 'cause I'll eat the stuff with a fork. I usually get the whole wheat pita, which today morphed something that looked like actual whole wheat (with hearty grains evident) instead of the standard issue dirty white pita bread (and when I say "dirty" I'm referring to the color). It's a little under $6 for the hummus, pita and side salad. 
I stick to the food here, and the other salads and sandwiches I've had have been equally fresh and delicious. I'm partial to Lore's on 7th for my coffee, but Cafe Ole's iced tea is a winner, as comes with a hearty dose of fresh mint. 
The place gets busy over lunch and the staff is very focused on getting people in and out, but not in an unfriendly fashion.I used to love going to Cafe Ole, but a while back they went through some staff changes, and in my opinion never recovered. On a previous visit, I asked for a toasted croissant, and received a sad, squished croissant paddy (I guess their only means of warming up anything is by panini press). I asked if they would remake it. One of the Baristas propped up the panini press with some sandwiches, and then the other barista promptly removed the sandwiches so that the second croissant got squashed too (womp womp). On my last visit the barista behind the counter couldn't be bothered to help me until she was done counting all of her coin tips, and trading them out of the till for different denominations. She told me she would bring my drink out to me when it was ready, and then proceeded to set it down on the counter and call it out, so that I had to get up and fight my way back through the crowd to get to it. I'm sorry, but I've worked in food service, and counting your tips when there are customers waiting is a cardinal sin. 
It's too bad they haven't yet been able to successfully replace the old baristas. I know that the owner is very concerned about efficiency and customer service, so hopefully the service will improve soon.Stop what youre doing and get to Olé! This is without a doubt my favorite cafe in Philly! The owner works alongside her staff both front of house and back of house and makes sure everything is up to her standards (which is basically her making sure you get the BEST food/service available). The staff is insanely friendly and helpful and they try and connect with customers even going so far as to remember what you drink for future visits. They really stand behind their products too (I'm an avid shukshuka lover and I overheard one of the barista's describing it to a customer and it made me want to get another serving) The atmosphere is cozy and inviting and the music makes you feel like you've left philly for a place like Tel Aviv! They have REAL fruit smoothies unlike a lot of chain places (hem hem starbucks) that serve you fruit flavored jelly with ice (gross!) and their coffee/espresso drinks are delicious with milk options for different dietary needs. I recommend Cafe Olé to all of my friends and even strangers I meet walking throughout the city. Your only regret going here is that you will be hooked for life!Café Ole is small and somewhat cozy but for a coffee house the emphasis should be on the coffee.
Although the service is all right, the coffee here is honestly pretty bad...it kind of tastes oily and burnt. If I want bad coffee I'll stay at home and save a lot of time and money. Yes you should patronize locally owned businesses instead of the Starbucks a block away...but if you go a block in the other direction you'll find another locally owned coffee house (4th Street Café) that is cozier, has much better coffee, a free play jukebox, and Wi-Fi.If you're on 3rd street in Olde City you should definitely skip Starbucks and go to Cafe Olé. It's a cute local spot that always smells delicious and they have the BEST iced green tea (with lemon + mint).I really like this place. It has a very casual and welcoming atmosphere.  The service is friendly and the food is delicious and fresh.   I ate a tuna stuffed tomato, which was delicious and it reminded me of the ones my Mother used to prepare for me when I was a kid.
Another time I ordered eggs that they prepare with a fantastic tomato sauce.  I need to come back to Cafe Olé soon.Love that this place is so close to home! Great coffee/drinks, soup and sandwiches, and service. Have holed up in the corner for long study sessions and will continue to do so! Only sad part is when it closes and I have to go home to study.So as I'm sitting here enjoying my soy spiced chai latte and shakshuka on this fine morning, I can name a few things better or that I would want to enjoy at this very moment. It may be my love for all things Israeli but something about this place just sticks with me. 
The Israeli music playing in the background, the sweetness of the spices in the chai, the soul warming goodness of the shakshuka are all reasons to come back. They're so good I don't even consider ordering anything else. Jk, I lied. In the summer I'll order be croissant French toast and iced tea when it's nice out. I've taken several friends here and all can agree that this place is a GEM.A wonderful place for breakfast and lunch. 
A bit unorganized when busy but differently worth giving a tryGreat local family owned coffee shop..great coffee..great israeli salad tooStopped in for a quick bite to eat with my mom. The girl behind the counter was super friendly, nice, and efficient. I got the spinach salad with pesto dressing (which came with warm pita on the side), and my mom got some type of turkey sandwich. The food was good, but nothing that blew me away. I think I'll give this place another try sometime in the future--but definitely go for their breakfast or shakshuka (their specialty!) instead.I walk past Cafe Ole every morning on the way to work and find it hard not stop in for a coffee. I love this place! Great coffee, they even do the correct art in the cappuccino foam. I haven't tried anything on the menu that wasn't great. To top things off the staff is really friendly. Definitely give it a try if you are in the area.Café Ole is the latest incarnation for a café at this cool location in Old City.  Fortunately it's a good one.  The atmosphere  in the café is as warm as it has always been.  And the food and drinks are good.  What is special here?  Glad you asked .... it's the Shakshouka.  This is the best Shakshouka, I've had in Philadelphia ... and it is served with fresh bread to scoop up every last drop. 
One note to keep in mind is that the kitchen closes at 3PM (strictly breakfast & lunch) and the whole café closes around 7PM.I had the spinach and fruit salad with the raspberry chai and my sister had the hummus, feta, olive ect. plate with the green tea with mint and lemon. Deelish! Only downside was the service was a little rushed...even though they weren't busy.At first I think, Mediterranean food with coffee... Odd combo... But it works!!  It works so well I'm there every weekend.  
The owner makes a fantastic regular wet cappuccino and bone dry Capp.  There's another girl at the counter who makes a great dry Capp.   They will make it however you like.  The coffee is rich and oily (in a good way) full of flavor.  
The iced tea is a delicious treat (green or raspberry) with a mint sprig and lemon wedge.  Usually I am not a fan of anything mint but get it with their iced tea.  
Shoshuka (sp?) is so good.  Poached eggs in red tomato sauce with spices.  Served with bread.  Delicious!! Must have for breakfast.  
Their food is on par.  My fav is their yogurt parfait (with Greek yogurt), mango! Blueberries, strawberries and pineapple.  They are bit cheap with their fruit... You know, how most people add melon...and loupe.... Not here. 
Great seating outside! Some in the sun and some in the shade.  
I wish they served afternoon wine (like for HH at least until they closed!)
Thank you for being so close to my place.Excellent breakfast, open early. The French toast was amazing. The fruit is all fresh and wonderfully good.Cafe Ole is slowly becoming one of my favorite neighborhood cafes! It doesn't go the hipster coffee shop/cafe vibe, but is cosy, relaxing and comforting with a wide selection of food items and drinks. 
There is plenty of seating inside with free wifi available, although there's only a set of outlets by the high table by the door. Still, I've done a few hours of solid work here with a fully charged laptop, and the staff is super friendly! 
Food/drink wise, I've had the shakshuka (it comes out piping hot in a huge portion, with a side of bread rolls and cheese to top it off), which was very comforting and tasty. I've also gotten the chef's salad, and it was fresh with a delicious mix of cucumber and tomato salad on top of the greens. They also have a variety of salad, soups, wraps and sandwiches that look really good. The regular coffee here is pretty standard, not as good as e.g. La Colombe coffee but does the trick. The food items are also half-priced between 6-7pm right before they close, which is a great deal!Great spot for people watching in one of the coolest neighborhoods in Philly. Worst macchiato EVER. Where's The Love? Store bought bagels? I asked for it "crispy" and I got hot-pressed bread pancakes, just like you'd warm a Cuban sandwich. Obviously they don't own a commercial toaster. The young lady at the counter had a little 'tude, like you would expect to be treated at a 100 year old Jewish NYC deli, bordering on rude. Too bad because I'd had a good experience previously. I might give them a second try. The ready-made sandwiches looked pretty good, but next time I'll ask for regular coffee. Hire a barista. Train your staff.I come here often.  They almost always have tables outside (except poor weather) and I often sit here w/ a coffee and my dog to relax.  Typically I come here Sundays for the sandwiches and salads or mornings for the omelettes / brunch.  Always good, great selection and everything is top quality.  Its a neighborhood gem im glad to live near!So I have attempted to make shakshuka without ever tasting the real thing. But today is the day! I smelled something that was sure to taste fantastic wafting down the street as we originally were headed to a different location . Glad we stopped. I asked if the rich tomato-ey scent was this dish, and I was assured it was. 
It was in a middle of a rush and the owner still went down into the cellar to check the tomatoes for me. Seriously A++ for that alone! They were preservative free so it was ON!  And the dish didn't disappoint. Rich, chunky, full of flavor and I could see all of the chopped fresh herbs in the sauce . Awesome, just enough garlic and salt and some herb ( maybe marjoram?)  to round it out. Best part? Vegan options with tofu! Satisfying and filling without being heavy or too much. 
They also made my mum's sandwich from scratch since what she wanted wasn't in the menu or in the case with the other pre- made sandwiches.
Not 5 stars because no decaf coffee and at least one ingredient in the meal set off my food sensitivities which are usually preservatives or flavorings... but nice for a neighborhood place.This is a a great neighborhood coffee spot with some great food options. Also great for brunch and pastries (the shakshuka and macarons are delicious). They don't serve decaf and are proud of it so if you need your coffee joltless, go elsewhere.The food is amazing a great choice for breakfast in Philadelphia, also the staff is really nice I ordered iced  green tea with lemonade and I didn't like it so simply I left the cup full and didn't say anything but one of the staff noticed and asked whether I didn't like it then she simply replaced it with raspberry iced tea which was delicious and without extra chargeI wandered into this place by accident. An unassuming corner window, which I thought Mexican, was my choice while trekking towards the river. As I entered, the decor was indicative of any sidewalk eatery in this area. The display case of prepared food inhibited my curiosity, but I made my way towards the waitress who suggested that I try the shakshouka. Divine! It's almost like a tomatoey-broth of many different types of vegetables surrounds the poached egg yolks. The creamy egg works in harmony with the broth, as undertones of garlic and aromatic green herbs complement the dish. I haven't had too much Mediterranean food before; nor have I ever heard of shakshouka, but I will have to give in to my now budding appetite for this type of food.Sure the coffee is decent, and the food is good (you can also get it at Chapterhouse Cafe) BUT IS IT WORTH THE ATMOSPHERE?
I have never experienced such an unpleasant working experience in my life.  If you want somewhere to sit and have a conversation/work this is not the place.  Aside from the very regular rude folks talking on their cells, extremely loud music, and very long lines, I am currently experiencing..wait for it... someone BLASTING MEXICAN MUSIC FROM THEIR ANCIENT CELL PHONE.  That's right.  Icing on the cake.  
Every time I come here it's something.  I probably will not be coming back to find out what could be worse than that.Incredibly fresh food and the Shakshuka was amazing.  I got a chance to meet the owner and she is incredible, make sure you check this place out!Cafe Ole is the only place that I will leave my apartment for in the rain. Their iced tea is like a ray of sunshine on cloudy day...a shot of raspberry flavor, a sprig of mint, and a big slice of lemon? Yes please.
p.s. it's even better on sunny days.Enjoyed the environment and an incredible vegan salad. Lovely staff, fresh ingredients, and great pita. Healthy & satisfying lunch for under $10.This is a good new age, health-nut alternative to the corporate "devil" monster Starbucks. It is small but the food is all very natural and healthy. Coffee is reasonably priced, and you can always grab a table in the sun and talk to local art fans. If you're not into the scene, this cafe is definitely skip-able.love the coffee they make. they are very friendly, one of the best coffee shops in the area.I have only eaten here once, but had a great experience. I sat outside on a warm day this past summer and it was perfect because the street is bright but shaded. I got one of the ready made sandwiches put in a panini press. it was really fantastic. They waitstaff was very sweet and helpful as well.Busy place but that is a good sign. Some interesting choices like shakshuka. I got a pesto omelette with pesto, olives, fresh mozzarella and tomatoes. Really good!  Fresh flavors with the pesto mixed in with the eggs. Very generous portion size as well. Debbie ordered her crepes deconstructed and they happily obliged. She basically had a build your own crepe.  Great neighborhood place.By far this is my favorite place in Old City, and maybe even all if Philly. The food is always delicious and the service is even better. Everyone is so nice here, and they always remember faces. The place is so cute, lots of windows for the sun to shine in. The shakshuka is to die for!!! The baklava is amazing as well. A must go!!French toast!!!! Coffee is good as well as the HOMEMADE Chai. Don't cheat yourself, treat yourselfCafe Ole is the undisputed best place for coffee around Old City.  Good coffee, friendly service, nice outdoor seating for sunny days, really the perfect place for a lazy weekend morning with the paper.  Add to that the fact that their breakfast food, esp. the "shakshuka" (I believe that is the spelling -- it is poached eggs in a tomato sauce with bread), is outstanding.  
Also, Cafe Ole has some delicious sandwiches, including some veggie options, which the wife likes.Great sandwiches and salads.  Friendly professional staff.  Quaint little old city cafe. One of my favorites in this area of the city.free unlimited wifi? i'm sold. couple that with good strong coffee, and i'm a lifer. caught a glimpse of the lox platter... that's next on my to-do list at cafe ole.
plus those outdoor seats in the sun...Iced coffee TASTES good but I was disgusted to find a fly in mine! Literally came up through my straw. Absolutely vile.Stopped by here today on a quick foodie adventure and the place was packed! Line moves quickly though. Narrow space with a coffee condiments station and a display fridge of all their sandwiches, in which upon purchase will be grilled right in front of you! There are tables inside and about 4 tables outside. They also sell full platters of food that people can order and bring back to their table (half service restaurant). 
I got a grilled chicken and sandwich and a fresh brewed tea and the total was $12 I believe. The sandwich is a little more on the expensive side ($9) but it is old city. Ok, first bite into the sandwich was HEAVENLY. The bread is so so good, probably one of the best sandwich bread I've ever tasted. It was the perfect crispy crunch, and just the right thickness of bread. It complimented the sandwich so well, the chicken was well seasoned. I loved it! The tea was also very good. I will definitely be back to try other sandwiches/dishes...or maybe just to eat that awesome grilled sandwich again!This place just generally rocks.  I've been going for years and I have yet to have an even questionable experience.  They're all overwhelmingly positive.  Coffee is strong, and the cream/sugar bar is always stocked with great options.  Fancy coffee = awesome too, as is the tea, and the chai etc.  Can't lose!  Same goes for the food.  Pesto Omelette is a trusty standby that is INCREDIBLE every time, but when I'm feeling more carby, the french toast is a life-changer too.  Their sandwiches are fresh, and amazing, and come with this great israeli salad of cucumber, tomato and lemon juice.  The tomato's taste like tomato's... even in the winter.  Not sure how they do that, but it's certainly respectable... and delicious.  The decor is inviting.  The layout is such that you can always find a place to sneak in and get comfy.  There is incredible people-watching, tables outside when its warm enough, and the ladies behind the counter couldn't be nicer.  The overall vibe here is just perfect.  The only possible complaint i have is that I tried to work there one day, and it's far from a sleepy, quiet coffee house.  It's clearly the hub of the hood and friends meet, talk loud, laugh loud, and enjoy themselves.  I wouldn't come here if you're looking for quiet, but other than that, it's a can't miss!The staff is SO nice, it has a nice atmosphere, great food! I love their iced chai teas and their wide selection of foods, perfect for a light Old City lunch. Not too busy around lunch time. Consistent service.If you live in Old City, this is a staple and the food, drink and atmosphere does not disappoint.  
Lunch outside, bring your laptop, hang out all day.
Great breakfast and lunch!Nice little coffee shop. Staff is friendly and fairly quickly with orders. Breakfast is great! Fruit is always really fresh. I love their stuffed croissant French toast. Try it!The food is always excellent: the best French toast for the kiddos and amazing shakshuka for the adults! Also terrific tuna salad and then get bourekas to go for window or real shopping on 3rd Street.This cafe was a great find on a rainy Philly day while my dad and I were exploring the city. They even reserved a table for us while we were walking to get there after having trouble finding places to sit in another cafe. The food was excellent, freshly prepared, and there was a wide variety to choose from. I would definitely recommend this place!Old City needs more places on this level.  The coffee is good and the food is awesome.  The shaushuka is delicious - make sure you ask for the eggs runny otherwise they come out completely cooked.  All of the sandwiches and salads are great too but they can be pricey - if you come on Sundays sandwiches/salads are usually discounted to $5 each.  Love the almond croissants, hummus platter, and banana-stuffed french toast.  Get the iced green tea with mint and lemon.
Some things annoy me about this place - don't try to dine in on a weekend morning, it is usually too crowded to get a seat.  Some weekdays they leave the doors wide open and fans running even if its freezing outside.  
But the staff is friendly and this place is one-of-a-kind.  Old City is lucky to have it.  Best cafe I've been to in the city.Love coming here the Shakshuka is always on point the people always kind the vibe is really welcomingDelicious pastrys especially the feta spinach filo spanakopita like pastry that is sooo good! They always have unique things like I've also had a pistachio Nutella cinnamon roll! Omg how deelish just the name itself! Great placeAwesome little neighborhood coffee shop that's always busy.  The owners are Israeli and that influences the menu.  For example the Mediterranean platter includes grape leaves, green olives, kalamata olives, hummus, feta, cucumber salad, and two pitas.  It is absolutely delicious.  
Most folks are very happy with the coffee and tea selection.  It's a great place for breakfast or lunch.Fresh homemade food, healthy,  organic savory and sweets! Love this place, always stop by when I'm  near by! Also prices are pretty low for what they make there)Delicious breakfast..and wonderful almond cappuccino! Can't wait to go back! We are new in town and this is already on our favorites list. My daughter is an expresso critic and she was 'more than impressed'.Their vegetable shakshuka (eggs poached in a slow cooked tomato sauce, with spinach, garbonzos, mushrooms) is all I want to eat. Its totally big enough to split with someone, and they give you 2 freshly baked rolls with it that never disappoint. I like adding feta cheese to mine. Im almost hesitant to post this review because I selfishly dont want them to get any busier than they are. Their salads are also tight. My go to on my way home from work when I dont feel like cooking. This place can feel a bit hectic and disorganized, but nothing will keep me from my beloved shakshuka!I live right next to this place and I absolutely love it. Obviously, just seeing the other reviews, you must try the shakshouka, but it is fantastic even if you just want to stop in for a quick coffee or small bite to eat. The Mediterranean platter and Greek salad are amazing as well as the iced teas, each flavor served with fresh mint and lemon. The atmosphere is relaxing and low key (even have outside seating) - A great place to go if you need to get some work done on a weekend... Definitely a hidden gem in old city!I'm a new fan of Cafe Olé! I met a client here this afternoon and the couch was the prefect spot to show him design stuff on my laptop. I was so involved in our meeting that I didn't really get to look around until later, but when I did, I realized how chill and *unpretentious the place is. 
I had some very good peppermint tea that hit the spot on a blustery day like today. I was checking out the dishes in the deli case and they looked super good. I'd love to come back again!
*Special note: there was a 100% absence of hipsters. Oh man...it was so awesome to be in a coffee-ish shop without hipsters silently taking up space, peering into their Macs. I don't believe I've been in a coffee shop void of skinny jeans since the mid-'00s.Definitely one of my favorite coffee spots in the city. Free re-fills on regular jittery joe. That is unheard of. Their sandwiches are also pretty tasty as are the baked goods (almond croissants are delicious). Limited outdoor seating but when the weather is nice they open up all the doors and it's very airy and comfortable inside.Man, every time I'm in Philly now I've gotta stop by and get myself a bowl of that shakshuka! The raspberry latte is clutch too. They give 100% here, from the pastries, to the drinks, to the entrees.Paid $10 here for breakfast, to get one waffle which was barely an appetizer for breakfast. When asked for the rest of the waffles, as their menu clearly said multiple waffles, they refused. The waitress was disinterested and not nice. Won't eat here again.I love the hummus here!  As well as the Brie Sandwich.
A little underwhelmed by the bagel sandwich for the price, but you can't win them all!
The iced tea is delish, and I got a free refill last time around.  Not sure if this is the norm, but was a very nice gesture by the barista.
Ordering is a bit of a whirlwind, as well as picking up/dropping off the plates at the counter.
Go on a down time, you'll be golden.This is where I go when I'm working from home and tired of working from home. It's a great hangout with really good coffee and sandwiches, pastries, etc. My favorite is the grilled chicken. The music is eclectic, so if you don't like that bring your ipod. Free Wifi is great, free refills on coffee, dog friendly, comfy, and they've finally expanded their hours into the evening. Sometimes it can be a little crowded and hard to find a seat.The iced tea with sprig of mint is the best cure for a hot summer day.  Follow up with a goat cheese sandwich on pumpkin seed bread or the addictive hummus, take a seat in one of the cushy armchairs in the back, and watch the ceiling fan turn 'round and 'round.
My only wish is that they open earlier in the morning, so I could have a chai to get me through my work day - one every day for each variety that they have there!  Definitely not that Oregon Chai concentrate that seems to be the standard in other coffee shops, and ten times more sip-worthy.this was my favorite weekend am place when i lived in old city! the coffee and iced tea are better than anywhere else around and their sandwiches are creative, fresh, and delicious. even when i didn't go in, i always loved seeing the people sitting outside, looking so chic and enjoying a mid-day snack. and they take credit cards! woohoo!Just popped in while visiting Philly for a wedding. Best French toast I've had in... well. potentially ever...
Friendly staff, well worth the 5 minute wait for a table.I live close to this place.  The place is very old-city...people from the neighborhood hang out here, smoke their cigarettes outside, work on whatever they are working on their laptop, bring their dogs and hang outside chatting with their friends.
Pretty decent food for a coffee shop. Their cold tea, served with lemon and mint is very refreshing. I like their sandwiches and breakfast items...although their baked goods...let's just say I wouldn't crave it.
Overall, friendly staff and owner, neighborhood-feel, all the things good coffee shops need. Oh, pretty decent coffee...but I'm not that particular about my latte...You all know of those restaurants that just bring you back to a certain time you've always wanted to relive. I've just transcended back to one  of my favorite times with Cafe Ole. 
I came here for coffee only, as I planned to bring with some friends later. I'm a good window shopper, so I looked at the menu just for fun. I was stopped dead in my tracks when I saw 'the' item. SHAKSHUKA. 
What is it? You ask. Let me explain. This is a middle eastern dish where a few eggs are cracked into boiling hot tomato sauce amazingness. The eggs cook in the sauce, you sprinkle with herbs and then it's a Moroccan festival in your mouth. If you haven't had it, you must. 
The only time I've had it was on a trip to Israel, which was one of those life-changing events that Shakshuka brings me back to. Cafe Ole brought me back and in grateful.
Enough about me... This place is adorable. There is upbeat middle eastern music playing low, but high enough to make you get a sway in your hips. The place is decorated with uplifting colors and they serve on yellow interesting plates--- just reminds you that ambiance is everything. The employees are super nice and the place is usually full. Cafe Ole is a small establishment with character- something lacking in the huge corporate monster coffee joints. Support local business, embrace a cultural awakening and broaden your horizons to the Far East.Great environment, great food, great people! So refreshing to see a restaurant with such high respect for those in uniform as well! Gluten free bred and bagels also (delicious!)Cafe Ole is right by my store, and I go there often.  I LOVE their soups.  They are always vegetarian friendly and they're always amazing.  I have never been let down by any of them. They also have ton of fresh wraps and salads.  I LOVE their iced tea.  It always hits the spot.  The owner is also super cool.Cafe Olé is a quaint little counter service restaurant in the heart of Old City Philadelphia, with a few tables outside and some inside. We stopped in for breakfast, and I could tell the place is popular with locals from the neighborhood. They had standard breakfast fare, and Mediterranean dishes as well. My daughter had the French toast croissant stuffed with banana. I took a small bite and it was delicious. The croissant was crisp, with the soft banana had a hint of cinnamon. My wife and I both had their regular Shakshuka, which were three poached eggs in a very flavorful tomato sauce, which were served with fresh rolls and a thick yogurt (I think) drizzled with olive oil. I've never had shakshuka before, but if this is representative of other shakshukas out there, I love it!  We'll be coming back!Best independently-owned coffee shop in the city of Philadelphia. A great Vibe with an Eclectic mix of patrons , a combination of tourists and locals . Serves La Colombe coffee, which happens to be my personal favorite. Nice outdoor seating as wellLove them! Great coffee. Try the shakshuka - very hearty and delicious. The Burakas are great too!!Just walking by Cafe Ole with the great smells wafting out makes me have to stop in!
I love lunch at Cafe Ole and getting coffee on the run.
The staff at this good sized cafe are great. Super friendly, can handle the busy pace, and seem to enjoy their jobs - which is rare in this city.
I am totally addicted to their hummus - I get it for lunch, I get it for parties, I get it just to have in the house!
I also love their spinach salad with goat cheese - DELICIOUS.  But don't forget to ask for a pita - which they warm up for you!  
They have tons of salad, sandwich and greek plates to offer, as well as breakfast items.
Eat here, get coffee here, enjoy here...life is too short!I used to dislike it here, but I've had a change of heart. It's relaxing and the food is good. There aren't many places in old city where you can just pop in and be eating a huge delicious salad within 5 minutes.My first Shakshuka experience.  The portion was very generous and came with two rolls and olive oil and feta cheese dipping sauce. 
Staffs were attentive, and even got me a to-go box before I asked for it. 
It was scorching summer day, and the place was not air conditioned than my preference.There's much to praise about this cafe, and a good portion of that has been amply articulated by its many favorable reviewers.  But Cafe Ole has a single tragic flaw: execrable ventilation.  I know from talking to other people (sometimes in the cafe's very cool outdoor seating) that I'm not the only one who gets awful headaches every time the cafe's doors are closed, trapping me inside a totally-burnt-oil-on-the-grill smell.  And I know I shouldn't have to leave such a friendly, cute place smelling like a smoky, decidedly un-tasty morsel.  So please, Cafe Ole, fix your ventilation.  It's cold outside now, and I want to come back!  Please--and I say this with all the love in the world--fix your smell problem?  As I post, I'm using the wireless of the less charming nearby competition, who shall remain nameless... and I miss you!Good coffee, friendly staff and a nice selection of healthy mediterranean style food.  Generally not too crowded either.Good food and polite staff. Perfectly fine for an afternoon lunch.
I very much enjoyed their chicken and mozzarella. Coffee was also good. Nothing incredible, but still good! I was a little disappointed by the number of dirty tables, but the place seemed quite busy and I counted only 3 employees. So I'm willing to give them the benefit of the doubt - I'm talking dirty as in unbussed, not filthy. 
I would definitely grab lunch here again.OH THE CHAI TEA!
And THE warmed pitas (white or whole wheat) with the hummus. ...AND the outside seating ...AND the counter ladies who are interesting, personable and FAST! This IS a cafe with culture. What an authentic gem!Love this place!!! Amazing food, amazing atmosphere, amazing service. The owner was kind enough to make us a last minute catered breakfast which was absolutely delicious and made a team of Israelis very happy!!! Thank you for everything, everyone should go here!!