This place is SOOOOO delicious. The decor is awesome reminded me of a cafe in Paris I went to. The service was great, everyone is quick and nice and helpful. The owner asked us a few times if we were good and was so nice! The food is incredible I cannot wait to go back! By far, my favorite brunch spot in Philly.The food was pretty good. Coffee weak and not very satisfying. The staff was very rushed and impolite. Was seating by a smelly bathroom and not attended to very oftenMy best friend and I were visiting Philadelphia for a few days and our AirBnB host recommended this place! I had the huevos rancheros and they were the best I've ever had. The presentation of the food here is incredible! I can't wait to come back the next time I visit the city!I can't stop thinking about the brunch I had here the other day! The food was out of this world and I would drive the two hours back to Philly just to have a bite again!
My boyfriend and I came by for brunch on a Wednesday morning and we were seated inside immediately. There's also some seating outside if it's a nice day. I can imagine on the weekends that this place would be packed, but unfortunately they do not take reservations, so try to get here early or be prepared for a wait. The restaurant is tucked away in a quiet neighborhood and there is some free street parking for two hours.
The menu had so many unique offerings that made it hard for a brunch fiend like me to choose. It's a cool mix of French and Lebonese items. The food on the menu was about $18 plus, but trust me it's worth every penny. I decided to go with the sweet potato Benny and it was EVERYTHING! The Lebonese sausage and the sweet potatoes gave a cool twist to a brunch classic. It also came with a fruit salad that was fresh and tasty. I also ordered a vanilla chai latte and it was the best I've ever had! Not overly sweet and it was served with pretty latte art. My boyfriend ordered the Parisian Zá, which came with a ton of food so if you're hungry order this. Service was outstanding as we were never without want. I can't wait to come back here again the next time I'm in Philly!Great great breakfast and coffee place! Was here for brunch with the family, everyone loved their food. I had shakshuka, keep in mind that they call it something else, and it was tasty and fresh. The pastries and coffee are amazing as well. Can't wait to go back.Great food, my favorite brunch place in the neighborhood.  Also one of the few that actually takes credit.The owner is very friendly and down to earth, and the place has a nice atmosphere. The restaurant decor is very cute and it's a good size.  There is also available seating outside.  The food tasted very fresh and looked vibrant and was well prepared.  It was tasty and didn't take long to come out.  The service was great and the wait wasn't too long, although it gets very busy.   However, I felt in comparison to other brunch places and their prices, you get more food for what you pay for than here at Cafe La Maude, where the proportion of food isn't as large.  I still felt content afterwards, and the food is delicious either way.  It was a refreshing and enjoyable meal!One word: Excellent. Excellent atmosphere. excellent service. Excellent menu options. Excellent fresh taste. 
We looooved this place and had a hard time selecting what to order because we wanted to try everything. Everything was exceptional and met our high expectations after reading all of the rave reviews. We will be back very soon and often!You will die with regrets if you're in the city and choose not to stop by here. I don't care how far you have to go, because if I got here on foot under what felt like 110F, then I have faith in you too my friend.
SERVICE
* Super attentive, friendly, sociable and quick! [1]
ENVIRONMENT
* Lovely outdoor seating
* Classy interior seating near the front
* Refreshing and brighter lit seating in the back
* Clean, Parisian style unisex restroom
FOOD (menu)
* Something for everyone [2]
* Worth every buck [3]
FOOD (experience)
* Saumon Fume a cheval [4] [5]
OVERALL
Cafe La Maude is a one of a kind breakfast joint! Tucked away a little distance from all your typical Philly tourist attraction sites. But like I said earlier, it's worth the travel. Because if I could, I would maximize every criteria for a review. 
Breakfast is the most important meal of the day, so make it worth it with a trip and splendid dining experience here!! 
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 
[1] The owner does a much better job than any teacher/professor I've had at remembering your name and face, regardless of how many people there are waiting for a seat. Even if the line goes on to the other side of the street, he will do whatever it takes to hunt you down and get you that seat. They do a fabulous job of getting customers seated, served, and out for the next customer, and craving for more in a heartbeat, without the slightest bit of pressure to rush.
[2] The menu felt like love at first sight! Would definitely come by again and again to try everything. Every order was the definition of a perfect breakfast; included carbs, proteins, veggies, fruits, etc., which so many breakfast places tend to forget and just load you up with potatoes. Huge fan of the exotic menu that differentiates it from other typical breakfast joints.
[3] Prices run on average of $15-16. Worth every bit  for the amount of food you're getting, for the quality, and for the photogenic food presentation.
[4] Avocado spread, mascarpone cream cheese & creme fraiche, smoked salmon, tomatoes, cucumbers, radish, arugula, chives, onion, and capers; served on pumpernickel bread; with a side of potatoes & a sunny side up egg
[5] This does not receive nearly as much hype as it should, and that's coming from someone who's a picky salmon eater. Nothing all too overpowering. Perfect balance of everything on your nice and chewy bread..mmm...yum~ And you also get your fair share of egg porn.this place has reduced their portion sizes while at the same time increasing prices, very disappointing as this used to be a good placeA lovely brunch spot. Everything on the menu sounds delicious. I got the parisian za - ham wrapped around warm goat cheese on top of bed of onions over crossaint, side of potatoes with fried onions, and salad with fruits. It was actually pretty light which is what I love. It is pricey though. 19 dollars for brunchA wonderful place for brunch. Green Shakshuka (new on the menu) is delicious! Great food. Great location. Great service.In a neighborhood known for "hipster" and "alternative", this little French cafe stands out as a breath of fresh air.  A Parisian influenced cafe with a bench and high-top tables along the wall facing the counter/coffee bar, the decor is simple with comfortable seating.
The large chalkboard menu behind the counter is ambitious and a bit overwhelming.  There seems to be no obvious choice as the savory egg dishes are fighting against the sweet french toast...the only logical option is to share with a friend (or just order one of each and skip lunch!).  Coffee and variants (cap/frap/mocha/espresso) are all served up better than most barista's can accomplish!
Unique breakfast sandwiches and egg dishes, all with a french twist.  l'oeuf au jambon gruyere is my staple, order it on a croissant.
The staff is friendly and except for the occasional coffee refill, gives you all the time in the world to just hang out and get some work done, such a better scene than your typical velvet sofa'd, oversized mug douchery coffeeshop.  Treat yourself to a relaxing brunch done right.Even though this place is small it has a very warm and inviting feel to it. Our server was amazing and even offered to go cups for my coffee and my partners pom juice. (NO ONE DOES THAT) I ordered the lemon mascarpone whipped cream stuffed croissant with raspberry compote and fresh strawberries. This dish is a must try for brunch. Great for someone with a dangerous sweet tooth like myself but still great for anyone that doesn't like French toast because it's usually too sweet. I will never look at stuffed French toast the same, this dish just set my standards too high. 
           The simple breakfast with chicken sausage, eggs, hash browns, French toast and fresh fruit was my partner's choice for brunch and let's just say I had to help her finish it. The portions here are more than plenty and it's never a bad thing when the price is right. Worth the 10min drive from my hotel and worth every penny. Service was great and the food, impeccable. Will be revisiting soon.Wow! Exceptional service, super delicious food and such fast service. We had Sunday brunch for three adults and three kids under age 4. I was so impressed with the friendliness of the staff and how quick they were to anticipate our needs. And the food was amazing! Highly recommended.What a neat little café that is definitely worth the wait. The place was packed and extremely busy; nevertheless, we were quickly greeted by the friendly owner as soon as we walked in the door. We were told it would be an hour to 1.5 hours, though we were seated within about 20-30 minutes. I ordered the Parisian Za with orange juice-- very good! A croissant with ham, cheese, and caramelized onions with two over-easy eggs, a small salad, and potatoes on the side. I ate the entire thing within 5 minutes. My husband ordered the Poboy sandwich special-- also very good! I'd love to come back next time we're in the area. Great food and great people.Let me preface this with I've been to a lot of the brunch spots in Philly -  honey sit n eat,  green eggs,  Sabrinas cafe,  cafe lift,  and breakfast boutique. They all offer something a little different and its hard to impress me because I tend to be a picky eater.  However,  Cafe La Maude takes the cake in terms of freshness of food and quality of service. When you enter, its got a definite cozy European cafe feel to it.  Parking is sparse but by chance we ran into the owner who was so sweet and offered us a spot nearby.  He even dropped by later at our table inquired where we were from and how we heard about his place.  My friends and I all respectively enjoyed our meals and the serving size was pretty large.  Come with a hungry appetite :) I only wish this was closer to Elkins park because this is my favorite brunch location in Philly!My girlfriend and I heard great things and decided to stop in for brunch today, I got the french toast and it was AMAZING. The staff was great and accommodating. Will be back and will recommend to everyone.Some of the best breakfast I've had in a while. It's pretty cheap and you can get a lot of food. Service is good and they are all very polite. Highly recommend!I want to give this a bad review, to prevent crowds of people from coming.  But I can't everything about the place it top notch. The food is amazing, I tell the hostess/waitress/owner? "surprise me", she comes back "OK Baby i got you". I have never left there disappointed, or hungry. Food is fresh, the place is clean, service is great. What more can you ask for.Best brunch in Philly, hands down. Every time I go I can't decide what to order off of the extensive French-Lebanese menu; and I am never disappointed. You can't go wrong. The food is DELICIOUS. The line can seem overwhelming but don't get discouraged, the staff does a great job of moving tables in and out quickly (but your meal doesn't seem rushed). My only negative about this place is that they use ketchup packets and being a ketchup lover, this isn't ideal. But that doesn't stop me from going back. Order an iced cappuccino and sit outside on a nice day!Cafe la Maude is my FAVORITE place to have brunch. I go during the week, for business meetings and on the weekends with friends and family. The food is delicious, the atmosphere is unique, and the people are amazing! Every time I visit, I feel at home and part of the family.My new favorite brunch spot...maybe my new favorite restaurant overall based on the fantastic food and warm service. 
The Fresh-Squeezed Orange Juice was heavenly and a much more generous pour than I had anticipated. Everything on my N-Liberties plate was beautifully arranged and absolutely delicious - the bun/hummus/onions/sausage was a wonderful combination, the fruit was ripe, the salad was light, the potatoes and cauliflower were perfectly prepared. I also shared the Berrylicious Pain Perdu - 1/6 of this was plenty since it really was like a dessert.
And not only was the staff friendly, but you can tell they really want to make their customers happy. When my friend's leftovers were accidentally not packaged up, they put in an order for a totally new dish for her to take home without us even asking - love that level of service!Me and a female friend tried to go to Honey's Sit and Eat a few doors down from here earlier today, but there was a wait so we settled for this nice looking place. I've been living in No Libs for a year now and I never even noticed this place before. I've really been missing out because La Maude is the truth. 
We were impressed from the second we walked in the door. I'm usually focused on the food rather than the decor but the whole place had a noticeably warm and friendly feel to it. Waitress was very nice. Once we saw the plates come out we knew we would be back. I got the marinated chicken sandwich with sauteed onions, arugula, tomato, pickles and a garlic aoli sauce. Sandwich was a 10/10. Great bread, fresh, high quality ingredients, and the aoli was the perfect compliment. My friend got the Ananas salad which has among other things sauteed shrimp and carmelized pineapple. She thought it was great and my samples of it were very tasty. 
All around, it was a great experience from start to finish. I thought the price of 30$ including tip was very reasonable too. I'll definitely be back to this local gemReally wonderful flavors and down-to-earth, genuine service.  Will be back!  Thank you for an excellent brunch :)This place is perfect for early or late breakfast!! The menu is soooo intense plenty of options and a lot to choose from .. Outdoor seating and beautiful indoor seating as well.. I loved the pretty bathroom! The food was SOOO fresh and the orange juice is delicious freshly squeezed ... The petite steak was so amazing a must try.. Each dish comes with fresh grilled fruit so yummy.. The service is a plus because everyone is so friendly! And the owner is such a sweetheart! He is very friendly and went over the menu with us !! We will definitely be back here very soon :)So the food here is hands down some of the best brunch food in the city.  I've been coming here back when it used to have a much shorter line than Honey's - these days it can be just as busy.  
Why only two stars?  The portion size and value are not there.  Take for example the salmon fume (see pic) that I ordered for take out - this was nearly $20!  Sorry that's not acceptable by any standard.  If you are going to maintain such prices, you better be sure that people get their money's worth - otherwise they will just feel ripped off.Two star is for the fried eggplant. A star is for the barista who made my Mocha.I am a sucker for cute coffee shop. I brought my friend here for brunch on Saturday. The staff are warm and welcoming and we had such a great experience. I love the decor. It is sophisticated and classy. 
We had their brioche french toast and omelet with spinach, onion, and french ham. Everything was so good even the coffee.Food is made fresh, amazing, and is filling. The owner is super nice and so are the waitresses. 
Absolutely loved the atmosphere as well, I will def be returning again.Soooo... I've used Yelp for about 5 years without utilizing the review feature. Just preying on others reviewing spots and making my own private reviews. Well today is the day I break the seal and say THIS PLACE IS GOD DAM AMAZING. 5Excellent excellent breakfast here. It is a complete plate, a complete experience. The menu is huge, intimidating, but I did right with the N Liberties. The only negative, and this is a big consideration, is that the prices are very high. For my breakfast and coffee, it came out to over $20. That's more than I prefer to spend, but it is surprisingly worth it.Awesome brunch spot! The food is excellent. Yes, a bit more expensive than your average brunch spot, but well worth it. Both my fiancee and I had omelets. They were perfect and even better with the avocado. Everything was super fresh and the bread was out-of-this-world. 
The service was equally fantastic. The manager was very friendly and was very involved in making sure that everything ran efficiently. There was a slight wait, but they got us sitting down as quickly as they could.
We will definitely be going back!Went here with three friends on a Sunday for brunch after my bachelor party. Having grown up outside of Philadelphia, I was not familiar with the small neighborhood restaurants in the city. My friend suggested Cafe La Maude, and it was a great choice.
Our waitress was fantastic, and gave us all recommendations, which we followed. I had the Parisian 'Za, and it was well worth the price. My dining companions also thoroughly enjoyed their selections. The iced coffee was very good as well.
Next time I'm in the city, I will return here, whether for brunch or dinner.First timers!  Robust cappuccino followed by and extensive menu of unusual creations.  We went with two recommendations .  Gypsy Eggs were served in a piquant tomato sauce with flavorful zatar bread.  The burrito was open faces with eggs, cheese, black beans and jasmine rice.  Friendly staff and owner added to experience.  When we asked what a certain item was, he offered a taste. That's a class establishment!BEST BREAKFAST/LUNCH IN PHILLY, seriously. I love this place, I love so many of the dishes that I can't even choose a favorite. Rich, sophisticated French-Lebanese cuisine. The plates are big, you won't leave hungry and they serve La Colombe coffee, too. Friendly and helpful staff. I would eat there every day if I could. 
A few of my favorites: Brisket huevos rancheros, Lebanese club, Cobb beefsteak salad, Saumon fume a cheval, El bait omelet. and more...This is my favorite brunch spot in Philly!! The cafe is very cute and definitely makes you feel like you're in Europe. If you're looking for something other than usual brunch options  (i.e. greasy skillets and such) I would give this place a try. The croque madame is excellent!!This place is adorable! Went with a friend and the service was incredible! They were attentive but not pushy, which was great! Definitely want to come back!Overpriced. Small portion. No bread? Thats not how its done. Left hungry. Dont go close to closing time cause you will be rushed. To many other better places to make me ever come back again.I paid $16 for this??!
1 small pancake, hash browns, 2 thin little sausage patties and the most pathetic excuse for a fruit salad I've ever seen!!
Don't order delivery. Not worth it in any way, shape or form. 
I gave 3 s because eating at the restaurant is a good experience.Great in every respect. The place was packed on a sunny spring Saturday, but we were seated quickly, having had just the right amount of time to peruse the deep menu. Excellent food, fabulous and friendly service, and great coffee. Next time I'm in town La Maude will be on the short list.Finally made it a point to check out Cafe La Maude today. Ordered the Pan Bagnet sandwich and was very pleased. The filling of flaked tuna, boiled eggs, greens, boiled potatoes and olive tepenade served in a crusty baguette was delicious and had a great balance of flavors. Latte was strong and a great cup of coffee. I look forward to exploring more of the menu!So, I just discovered this place after moving to Northern Liberties last month.  First of all, the place itself is so inviting and adorable.  It has a quaint cafe style ambience - so nice! The staff are friendly, helpful, and are also super super inviting.  The owner is always there, helping out and is also so very nice :)
Their coffee - ok, let me preface this with saying that I am a coffee snob and have tried an inumerable amount of different coffees from around the world...the coffee from Cafe La Maude is my favorite, officially addicted - doesn't help that I live like 100 steps from it, haha.
Their food - absolutely incredible.  Breakfast all day.  They have a wide variety of very imaginative and modern takes on classic dishes.  I was blown away.  If you want to cream your pants in public, order the Blanc de L'oeuf au Poivron Grillé :  Egg whites, roasted peppers, sautéed spinach, feta, mushrooms, tomatoes, arugula & olives...holy balls.
I highly recommend this place to anybody.  Hope you enjoy it as much as I do!
--ChrisI'm new to Philadelphia and decided to give this place a try. I must say I've enjoyed every minute of it. The food was authentic, and the staff was very friendly. They've recommended the Chai Latte with the Tramisu pancake and it was amazing! I'm definitely coming back because there were plenty in the menu I didn't get a chance to tryI can't say enough great things about this place. The owner is super friendly. The food is 5 star to say the least and the macaroons oh my! I'm not a big fan either of macaroons either but this place def made me reconsiderI love everything about Cafe La Maude - the food, the atmosphere, the owners - EVERYTHING!!!  I have been coming here since they opened and I am very glad that they are such a success.  I would rate this as the best place for brunch in Philly hands down and would give them more stars if I could.  Having tried practically everything on the menu, my go-to choices are the open faced Mediterranean burrito, the brisket huevos rancheros, and the Parisian Za, but you really can't go wrong with any of the options.First time here was great went with my sister and nephew had the eggs Benedict DELICIOUS along with the 2 cappuccino
Great spot love it will be back soonCafe LaMaude is more than just a cafe, it is a meeting place for the neighborhood, which gives an "old world" charm to this already charming establishment.
On any day, you'll walk in and meet people from all walks of life, in varying professions, who will engage mot willingly in very stimulating conversation, or share a laugh. 
Aside from this very warm and welcoming atmosphere, the food is incredible. Fresh ingredients, interesting and unique flavors, and impeccable, personal service make each customer feel welcomed and special. 
The owners are at the cafe 100% of the time, and their attention to quality and detail are apparent in the scrubbed tiles, spotless tables, and euro style decor.
Some of my favorite menu items are: Tilapia, served with delicious hand cut potatoes as a sandwich, or on a delightful bed of greens. Blanc deL'eoufe au Poivron Grille (Egg white omelet in simplest terms) And the DeMaison salad. 
The portions are generous., and plated beautifully. Clean ingredients with careful preparation, and great atmosphere make this my "go to" place.The food here was great!  Looking around, everyone's meal looked delicious.  Yes it's pricey for breakfast.  An entree averages $18...so with a drink and tax, you're looking at about $25/person plus tip.  We went on a Sat morning around 10am and did not have a wait.  They have very limited outdoor seating as well.  One couple at an outdoor table had their dog with them.  The waitress set-up here is interesting.  All of the servers are your waitress.  They all work together and don't have specific tables.  I guess based on all the 5 star reviews, it works!  My friend and I both got the Guifre which is like chicken and waffles.  It came with fried potatoes.  It was delicious!  Food was great, service was great, price was a little high...definitely recommend.Went here for the first time and I will definitely be coming back! Everything was amazing from the short 20 min wait to finishing my last bite. 
Loved how nicely the cafe was decorated and the homey feeling it projected. But most importantly the amazing tasting FOOD! I had the Open Face Mediterranean burrito and it was sooo good. Hubby got the Brisket huevos rancheros, and he cleaned his place.  amazing first experience!I've been back here twice since my first review and I am constantly blown away by the dishes.  I tried the Kafta sandwich and it was all that I imagined it to be and more. 
This week I tried the  the Ananas (French for pineapple) salad and it was probably the most delicious salad I have ever had. The grilled halloumi cheese mixed with the grilled shrimp, grilled pineapple and mango over a bed of mixed greens (it's supposed to be over arugula but I asked for spring mix instead) was mouthwatering and all of the flavors came together nicely. 
The owners are the best and make everyone feel at home.I went here for the first time couple months ago, and it was AMAZING. I ate the caprese benedict and it was literally done to perfection. The environment is nice, and the owner is very kind and helpful to his staff. The prices are a bit steep but well worth it! Coming here again soon!With out a doubt my favorite place to have brunch for a year now. The owner is always attentive to your needs and the food is out of this world.The huevos rancheros is an awesome meal.  This was one of the best breakfast's I have had in Philly.  I can't wait to go back.What a find.  I have told nearly everyone I know about Cafe La Maude.  Being in the restaurant business myself, its all the little things that you notice that really impress me. Gabe and his wife are lovely people and we where able to chat with them while having brunch one day.  The staff is courteous and helpful.  The restaurant is impeccably clean.  I love the back room black and white photo collage of french actors. My first visit I ordered the Mediterranean platter, pita, hummus, labne, avocado salad and a perfectly cooked egg.  It came with a meat but I am vegetarian so I omitted it from my order.   I found it hard not to order again on my 2nd visit.  I am vegetarian and the waitress was more than helpful pointing me to the open faced burrito....LOVE!!! I took my mother and we shared a Grand Marnier waffle which is to die for.  You just can't go wrong with anything, whether you are stopping in for a latte and croissant or sitting down to brunch.  One of my favorite, favorite places. Magnifique Cafe La Maude.I went here with 3 of my friends for brunch around 2 or so on a Saturday and there was no wait. A man opened the door for us and greeted us with a friendly smile. My friends and I instantly fell in love with the interior of this place! It's so cute and simple inside. 
Cafe La Maude was byob so we brought a bottle of champagne for some mimosas. They chilled our champagne in an ice bucket and brought out two cups of orange juice (which later I saw was around $3 or so per cup),
The food and service was great. We all ordered different things and we all thoroughly enjoyed our meals and the service. Will be coming back very soon!Best brunch in Philly! I'm really sad that I wasted my Sundays at Honey's and Sabrina's -- this place is ten times better. The decor is very European, and the waitresses are really attentive. We went on a Sunday at noon, got seated immediately and never had an empty water glass. And oh my god, the food. We got the berry pain perdu -- two pieces of french toast with a cinnamony marscapone stuffing and flambeed fruit -- and the za -- croissant with sauteed veggies, goat cheese, ham rolls, potato croquette, two eggs, fruit salad, and veggie salad. Everything was amazing, definitely get a sweet and savory breakfast and share.Finally!!! I tried this place and not only did it meet my expectations it blew them out of the water! What a charming delicious brunch/lunch spot!!! I cannot recommend this place enough if you haven't been yet get over there great food! So quaint and cozy with delicious food get the Anana salad not sure I spelled that right but it was amazing the french toast is great too!A most go to place in your bucket list. That's how Good this place is. I came from north jersey to try it out.Hands down best breakfast/brunch spot in the city. Had the Parisian Za and my wife had the Croque Madam. Both were excellent, especially the Parisian Za. Their coffee is from La Colombe and very good. Definitely a French and middle eastern fusion type of restaurant and it works beautifully.The food was delicious. Ordered Parisian Zá and Saumon Fumé a cheval. They serve a big portion of food on each plate. Their coffee was excellent as well, La Colombe coffee. This place gets crowded fast, make sure you get here early!Although I use yelp almost every day I have never yet written a review. I feel like I just have to for this place. Best hidden brunch/lunch restaurant in Philly! Everything on the menu has been delicious and the coffee is amazing (coming from a bit of a coffee snob)! Not to mention the service is fast & friendly. Definitely a place I can continue to go to again and again with never being disappointed. :) I have no idea how there is never a wait although I would wait hours to eat here!We found this place on Yelp while staying overnight in Philly. Since the reviews were all amazing, it seemed too good to be true. It wasn't. It was amazing...Absolutely amazing!! Everything was so fresh and food came out so fast. My two girlfriends and I came here on a Sunday for brunch, after looking up numerous places we decided to give this place a try. It was the best decision! I got the sweet potato Benedict and I was thrilled with my decision. Portions are big and definitely filling. The atmosphere is great it has a very small town feel where everyone knows each other. We sat outside and I assume the owner was out there and he was very helpful and over joyed when we complimented the food. Such a great place I highly recommend!This was one of the best eggs Benedict I have had.  The brioche bread was amazing.  You really should try this place out!I'm speechless...they handled my party of 10 seamlessly. The food, Amazing!!This is by far my favorite breakfast spot in Philly. The staff is friendly and engaging. The food is flavorful and presented beautifully. My favorite is the popsicle lamb chops with eggs and grits. It sounds like an odd combo but it is amazing. The menu has all the basics eggs, oatmeal, french toast but they also have these amazing dishes like gypsy eggs and a dish called the N- Liberties which features Lebanese sausage. My advice would be to try everything. Of course like all the breakfast spots in that neighborhood there can be wait on Saturday or Sunday morning but it is so worth it.First of all, the owner is so very kind.  He held a table for my husband and 2 kids for over 15 min when people were walking in looking for seats.  He was genuinely concerned about us having a comfortable meal...that's just so refreshing.
The gypsy eggs were to die for, just try them for yourself.  The halloumi sandwich was also delicious and full of flavor.  I honestly haven't had such a flavorful brunch in a long time.  The seasoned pita was also a hit!!
Can't wait to return.This is my favorite brunch spot in the world.Everything on the menu is so TASTY .Presentation is EXCELLENT. 
I ordered: 
1.Eggs Benedict- salmon,cream cheese,avocado 
2.Berrylicious French toast -Mascrapone cheese 
Those are my go-to options but in the past I have also ordered the 3.gypsy eggs that was also amazing 
The atmosphere resembles a French cafe. The crowd is amazing. The owner is super friendly and you will most likely be friends and will recognize you the next time you come in.
Outdoor seating and Pet friendly! 
Great community feel.Great food.Great location.Best brunch of all times.Perfect, friendly service on Easter Sunday! Amazing food. LOVE this place! Will be going back ASAP.This cute cafe is located on a quiet street in Northern Liberties. The place has a bit of a European cafe feel and charm. I had the sweet potato hash with chorizo, poached eggs and avocado. It was amazing. Coffee was really nice and the outdoor seating was delightful. I will be back!I've read so many good reviews for this place, and since I live around the area I figured I give it a try. As you walk in, the place is open and nice inside. The staff was friendly and helpful, but the food was not good. I don't recommend the food, could be what I had but I wasn't impressed by it. Ontop of the food not being good, the price was super high. Way too expensive! I went with my cousin and we just had a meal and coffee each, and we paid somewhere along the lines of 80$. It was quite expensive, Im definitely not returning, but next door is a place called honeys, and the food there is amazingOne of the best brunches in Philly. This place is tiny and intimate but much bigger than it looks when you first come in. Both indoor and outdoor seating are available. The menu is a creative and tantalizing blend of Lebanese and French cuisine. I had the grilled lamb which was fabulous. I wish the grits were seasoned but the rest of the dish was perfection--the flavors complimented each other perfectly. Our service was impeccable. Several waiters checked on us constantly and everything we asked for was brought promptly. We did feel rushed st the end of our meal, but they did it in a rather subtle manner and being in the industry I understand how important it is to turn tables during peak hours. This place is perfect for a girls brunch or intimate lunch dinner. Next time I'll try one of their many flavored mimosas.The special pancakes goes in my top 3 favorite pancakes I've ever had. So good. Highly highly recommend. I'm so glad I found this place!Top notch, fresh ingredients and excellent service.  I have eaten at Cafe La Maude a handful of times and it never disappoints.  Try the Foul Mouhadammas if you like hummus.I always come here to get a cup of coffee to go cause it's so yummy, I haven't eaten from here yet but it's always pack and the quality of food looks great. I would highly recommend this restaurant.Our group had a wonderful time sitting for brunch at Cafe La Maude. The parfait was the best I've ever had! Everyone agreed it was like eating ice cream. The owner circulated the cafe, which was especially nice. We were introduced to his wife and they were kind enough to give personal anecdotes related to the Lebanese/Syrian/French blend going on in the cafe.Went here for New Year's day brunch. So glad that I went here instead of Honey's down the street. What a quaint, homey place. This place takes on french and middle eastern flavors and serves great food. Gabby (I think that's how you spell his name) the owner was so welcoming and visited every table to say hi and check in! The wait staff was also very attentive and kind. I had the Sweet Potato Benny. The sweet potato hash was warm and had bits of meat in it - so good. The hollandaise sauce was probably one of the best hollandaise sauces I've ever had, and I've had my share of eggs benedict. They serve the regular eggs benedict on top of a croissant. Tons of options for brunch including salads, sandwiches, brunch-ie food, etc. You can also order baked goods at the register up front. 
There is also seating in the back. I believe they take reservations because two big parties came in and sat in that back area. They also don't take AMEX. $10 min on credit cards. BYOB! Can't wait to come back!After one of our one-too-many snowstorms this winter, I ventured out for some brunch and finally decided to hit this spot. 
I don't know what else to say other than...
The food is amazing.
The presentation is beautiful and colorful.
The staff is wonderful.
The free wifi with outlets under the seats is brilliant.
I also highly recommend their homemade baklava. We were offered a complimentary piece after purchasing several of their macarons (not to be confused with a macaroon). I wanted to eat about five more pieces on the spot and take the rest home. Yes, I have a sweet tooth.
The brunch was well worth the trek through the snow and ice. I will definitely be going back!I don't have much to say besides the fact that this café became a second home for me. This french-lebanese boutique café is in one word divine. Divine not only for its menu but also for its people.
Go there at 6 am, at noon or later in the afternoon, you will be charmed!
I recently moved back to Europe and not a single café can be compared to this one.
And ... being in French ... I must add that their croissants are better than in France! As weird as this may sound.
So, just go!!! 
Meet the owners, who are magnificent and wonderful people, enjoy their cuisine that is beyond any one's expectations and breath in this unique atmosphere where by only sitting down one will travel across borders.
Bon Voyage!We picked this place based on the (overrated) review on Yelp. The food looks better than it taste; kinda bland. Portion is on the small side. Overall I'll give it a pass but unlikely to return given the abundant choices in Philly.Thanks to Cafe LaMaude for not only serving the best coffee in Northern Liberties - my favorite - but for being open at 6am during the wk.
I get my coffee from you every morning on my way to work, after I walk my dog.
You guys are always super friendly, even so early in the morning, and it's awesome I can get your food to go, especially when I've been too lazy to make any of my own.
Thanks for another great start to the day!My wife and I have been to this place many times and it consistently delivers - every single time. Great flavors in every bite, charming ambience and attentive service. Compared to Sabrina's Cafe, Cafe Lift and Honey's Sit N Eat, this place is by far the winner. The owners really put their hearts in this awesome brunch spot.My favorite brunch in the city. The coffee is awesome and  the menu has a lot of variety. The service is quickly and very good.I was reluctant to give this cafe a shot, as the menu seemed exotic, and I was afraid that the menu would be too foreign for my taste.  I went for it anyway at the constant urging of friends and neighbors and I'm glad I did. 
Cafe La Maude is definitely the highlight of Northern Liberties! There are some great eateries in the area for sure, but none can claim the unique menu items and specials that offer the best in FROM SCRATCH, French/Lebanese dishes that can't be found anywhere else in the city.
From the first day I stumbled upon this gem, I was treated like family. I didn't understand some of the items on the menu, and the lovely ladies that were working guided me through the menu and it was clear that each dish is prepared with the freshest ingredients from family recipes that go back generations with lots of love.  
They also have specials of traditional dishes that have a modern twist.  The portions are huge, the flavors are intoxicating and light. 
Along with some of the international fare are very familiar favorites, like the French Toast.  LIFE CHANGING!
The coffee and tea service takes you away to another place, and it's easy to see why the same friendly faces of repeat customers welcome you with each visit.  Even the customers remember your name!!! I can't say enough about this place, so I'll just close with give this place a shot and you'll be a regular, hooked right away!Cafe La Maude---I imagine you're a great place. It's just that you stunk a little strongly with some kind of cleaning material during the lunch hours. Chicken sandwich was amazing, I have to say; Friend ordered chicken cordon bleu (or the chicken waffle dish) and he mentioned that it was not something he would come back for. The dish is definitely not light; if you're in for a popular dish and are hungry, go for it. Otherwise, I would look elsewhere. Waitress was kind and was happy to refill my coffee mug. Perhaps I was expecting a most glorious experience (due to others' yelp reviews) and perhaps you deserve another visit (and probably another seat elsewhere).Good food ! Finally I could find me some good "Labane":). Very good vibe and friendly stuff . I came here due to the reviews I have seen on yelp and I sure am satisfied. Definitely will come back again when I am in PhillyLove the Americano!  The service, atmosphere and prices are spot on.  Get yourself a drink while you wait to eat at Honeys.Great breakfast. Very cool atmosphere. Super friendly staff from wait staff to managers. Thanks for the recommendation of the hookah spot.Amazing atmosphere, great coffee, absolutely fantastic halloumi sandwich. The staff is superb!!  This place is a gem :)If the charismatic husband/wife owners don't get you, there are two more waves of awesomeness that will. Never had a waitress here that wasn't efficient and loaded with tight soft skills...and they know their menu. That's huge in my book. But, it really is all about the food. This place rocks the skillet. Today I had an eggs benedict with salmon and cream cheese on a whole wheat muffin, served on a salad and fruit. It was close to an out of body experience! The place is a happening. Even the customers are so cool it's like they were cast for a movie. This is my go to stop for breakfast meetings, and apparently others do the same. I've never Been disappointed!Food was amazing and the owner was so genuine, warm hearted, and down to earth! Present atmosphere :)We actually didn't eat here , but everything looks amazing. Cute little place. We had the best macaroons and tea -perfectI live in NY and I would drive to Philly just to go to this place. I've never tasted such an amazing combination of flavors. I had some sort of croissant with avocado, truffle oil, and goat cheese, which was maybe the most fantastic thing I have ever eaten.What is your criteria for a great brunch spot?
Quaint, French inspired cafe?  Oui oui.  Outdoor seating too.
Gorge yourself on more food than any man or woman should eat at one sitting?  Encouraged.  Plus theirs won't make you feel like you are birthing a food baby afterward - not many heavy breads, creams, pig meats, etc. here.
Exceptionally friendly service?  Yup, above and beyond.
Some interesting options you may not have had before?  Uh huh, these guys and girls are Lebanese which means you get a little bit of Greek (olives, halloumi), Turkish (kebab, yogurt), and Arab (hummus, spices) influence mixed with the aforementioned French.
Good coffee and related products?  Heck yeah.  In big ol' comfy mugs.
Hours that work to your schedule?  Evet, sometimes you just can't wait til 10 or 11AM on a Sunday to start eating.
A nice value?  You already know the answer by now...It was good but not worth the wait and price.  Two of us, $45 total for two meals of Chicken and waffles and Nutella french toast, so I expected to be stuffed but wasn't quite satisfied with the portions.  Chicken was not as moist as desired and french toast was slightly tough.  Also the space is so small it can get loud.Wow! Food, service, and setting was delicious, authentic, and transformational. The Greek Omelette was a fluffy bit of heaven packed full of savory goodness. The service was genuine and a breath of fresh air... Seriously, this type of customer acknowledgement is what sets an establishment apart. And finally, the setting and total experience took us back to fundamental elements of European inspiration. 
Thank you for sharing your hard working efforts to give us pleasure! The next time we pass through from DC we are HERE!My family and I came here when we visiting my sister who goes to school in Philly. Since it was 1:00 pm on a Saturday, I was expecting a long wait for our party of 6. When we arrived at the restaurant, they went out of their way to accommodate us and got us seated in less than 5 minutes. 
What a fabulous time! It was lovely. The food was fantastic and really unique. It was very flavorful and rich. It's on the expensive side for a brunch restaurant, so keep that in mind. We thought it was worth every bite!This place is terribly amazing, horribly fantastic, disgustingly delicious!! (Quick question is it grammatically correct to use a positive and negative adjective to describe the same thing?) 
Honestly we came here on a whim with minimal expectations, however we left the restaurant with a severe case of ecstasy! I highly recommend cafe la Maude to anyone who appreciates good cuisine, especially in the morning. I mean I really have no clue why this place isn't busier than it's next door neighbor honey! It's far superior and the choices are much more complex and intricate! In prior reviews I would take the time to explain certain dishes, but I'm not sure how much that helps readers! So I'm going to refrain from intimately describing the food (this is completely selfish and lazy, but please don't stop reading) F it. I think I'm done, the only thing to add is that you will get a great brunch here, it is on the pricy side $16/ entree, but it is well worth it because the quality, care and love that's put into the food is vary apparent! 
One more thing. Bring Your Own Bottle!!!We don't do many reviews here at Phillytodo.com, but we had to let you guys know about this place.
Cafe La Maude is the little hidden cafe right next to Honey's sit and eat (more like stand and wait)  in Northern Liberties. 
One day, after waiting in line at Honey's for over an hour, we noticed this little place. Wow, what a GREAT find! 
Excellent, Service, Decor, and food! This is so hard to find in Philly. The triple threat!
This French-Lebanese Fusion cafe has officially made it to our "100 things to do in philly" list! 
We would highly recommend this place! Take a trip to Nor Libs! You won't be disappointed.
(Also, published on Google)I came here on a rainy Sunday morning around 9:45am with my friend, and we were seated right away.
I ordered the Chai Latte, and it was definitely the best chai latte I've ever had. It tasted like liquid Cinnamon Toast Crunch. 
To eat, I ordered the Berrylicious Pain Perdu (stuffed brioche with mascarpone cheese, crème brûlée bananas, topped with warm berries & passion fruit sauce). I usually order savory dishes when I go out for brunch, but I was feeling something sweet that morning, and the pain perdu was phenomenal. The mascarpone helped balance out all the sugar and prevent the dish from being overly sweet.
My friend got the Gypsy Eggs (tomato sauce with chunky onions & peppers, topped with labne, breaded eggplant, avocados, potato cubes, and two eggs, with a side of Zaatar pita). It was so homey and flavorful.
The prices are definitely a bit high, but the food is outstanding. It's a great brunch spot to treat yourself!Instantly became one of my favorite brunch spots in the city. We were greeted at the door by the owner who was very welcoming and courteous. Its ambience is perfect, makes you feel like you are in a French/Mediterranean/New Orleans-type setting. The Saumon fumé au cheval was literally one of the best brunch dishes I have ever had (smoked salmon, cream cheese, tomatoes, cucumber, radish, arugula, green olives, chives, avocado and capers topped with sunny side up eggs on a baguette). My wife had the Blanc de l' oeuvre au poivron grillé (egg whites, roasted peppers, sautéed spinach, feta, mushrooms, tomatoes, arugula and olives) which was equally delicious. The staff is super, super nice. Just an awesome place.I stopped here for breakfast on two separate trips to Philly over the past month. The Parisian Zá was out of this world although everything else was quite good too. The staff is very friendly and the service is outstanding. I look forward to my next trip.The best brunch place I have ever visited! Awesome food, excellent service and hospitality from the host and all waiters. Cannot find anything better than this! Even after moving to NYC, I still find Cafe La Maude extremely charming and incomparable. I highly recommend the tiramisu pancake, though today i tried their cannoli pancake, equally impressive! basically everything on the menu is good! :)Great place with lots of wonderful energy. We sat near the window and were able to take a gorgeous day in, as they opened it to the street. The sweet potato Benny is the way to go.This place is amazing. Fresh and healthy brunch in such a cute European cafe. My favorite brunch place in Philadelphia so far :)I am so lucky to have such an amazing cafe on my street! It is hard eating a salad any where else after having one at La Maude. The De Maison is my favorite, but I am yet to try one that I don't like. Other favorite dishes are the French Toast, Sweet Potato Benny, and Polet Roti.My husband and I love this place so much!!! They have the best eggs benedict. That's what I always get. I wanna know the secret of their salad dressing which comes with the eggs benedict. It is so light and tasty! The people working there are very nice and hard workers. Even if  they are busy, they try their best to take care of their customers. Great food and great hospitality! Nothing to complain :-)Cafe le Maudes food is absolutely amazing and a fantastic neighborhood place! Its like cheers :)We landed here based off ratings. We were greeted and sat within immediately. I have to point out that we didn't have one specific waiter. The staff seemed to work as a team and my coffee/water never got half way before being refilled. The food came out super quick and boy was I surprised. Good whole food! Highly recommend!Best place for brunch hands down. Food is amazing and it's byob. A little pricey but you won't regret spending a dime.  The owner Rene works the room like a politician very friendly.If you have an appreciation for brunch then this is the place to go. The owner there is very awesome. The wait line moves very quickly. Best of all not only is the food photo opp quality it tastes amazing. This place deserves 1,000 starsWhat an amazing menu. One of the best cup of coffee I've ever had. Food was deliciously eclectic. Good service. Loved this place!A very cute small French cafe styled place.  Once you walk in, there is some confusion as to whether you seat yourself, you wait to be seated, you ask the person behind the counter if you can sit....  Luckily, I had read some of the previous reviews and was given a heads up on the protocol (Tell the staff you want to be seated for a party of ? and they will seat you when the table becomes available, then you place your order and pay at the counter, and then they will deliver it to you).  The staff were very friendly and nice.  Always checking up with my group and reassuring us that they knew we were waiting for a table to clear.  The brunch menu is spectacular.  Heaps of deliciousness to try!  I ordered the N-Liberties, my friends ordered the Berrylicious French Toast and Genovese Omelet.  The N-Liberties was very satisfying in all ways possible.  The combination of flavors, how well it was cooked and seasoned, the proportion, the price.  You get a delicious appropriately sized meal for an appropriate amount.  I like cauliflower, but DANG!  Theirs was seasoned very well, so much that I might ask them for the recipe so I can duplicate it at home.  I had a small taste of the Genovese Omelet, and now I am inspired to make my omelets the same way!  Never thought to add pesto, but happy for the discovery!  The Berrylicious French Toast was delightful as well with a nice amount of berry sauce that does not over saturate the french toast.  With such delicious food, I am turning a blind eye to the chaotic seating and ordering protocol, but do wish that they had a bigger space.  Will I return, HECK YEAH!!!  Even if it's for take-out!I had a very nice experience at Cafe La Maude. The food was delicious & the atmosphere was friendly. Everyone was very kind and accomodating. I'm pretty sure I saw the dog in the paintings right next to us, too! That was very entertaining.
However, the atmosphere in the other room, where the bathroom is located, wasn't so nice. It just felt eerie with its dim, white lighting and the set up kind of felt creepy like I was in a horror movie. The bathroom was not the same, though. I didn't feel intimidated to pee.
It is a bit pricier than other cafes in the area, but it wasn't too bad. Would definitely love to go back again!Probably my new go to brunch spot in the city. I'm not sure if the guy who greeted us was the owner or the host but he was super nice and even gave us some coffee as we waited for a table. The huevos rancheros was one of the best i had in a while and was very nicely presented (and came in a pretty big portion size. good for sharing). There's also a cool plant/garden shop right next door where you can kill some time while waiting. And if the wait is too long, Honey's Sit and Eat is right down the street.Excellent brunch! Cute little place with outside seating which is always a plus for me...Had the croque madame...which is a brunch meal I love! The menu was fabulous lots of options! I can't wait to go back and try something else...This place is totally legit. Passing through town on tour and yelped brunch spots in the neighbourhood. Took a chance on this place and so happy I did. The owners are amazing and incredibly friendly. The food is so, so good. Soooooooo good.We came here for breakfast. Ordered Wafle and Benedict omelet. Thought, ok just another omelet but assumptions changed completely when our order came. The omelet was as if it belongs to an artisan chef with great design and artistic experience from a five star European restaurant. Just WOW! What an amazing taste and look of that omelet?! Something that words feel shy to describe this thrill and excitement. Wafle was fine but omelets left me with enduring effect and sweet experience which lasted so long.
Staff and the owner personally greeted both when we came and left the cafe. It tells how they care about their guests, restaurant and of course their great food. I wanna come back here again.Oh my gosh I don't even know where to start with how amazing this place was. We don't usually venture to this part of the city but when we saw how stinking cute this place was, I knew we were going to be happy to be here. We were a group of 3 this morning around 10 AM on a Saturday and walked right in.. something that we were certainly so happy about when we left and noticed the line out the door and pouring into the streets. I had the chicken sandwich, and we also tried the heuvos and grilled cheese. All three had so. Much. Flavor. It was awesome. And we loved the fresh mango pineapple juice. Love love love. This is definitely a place to bring out of town-ers to really show that Philly does know how to do brunchFavourite restaurant and Brunch place in Philly. The owner is super friendly and warm. The food is delicious. The portions are big. The only cons are the long lines and that the pricing is on the expensive side. However, the food, portions and service definitely outweigh the cons by a huge margin. Great restaurant!I think regret is the best way to describe my experience at Cafe La Maude. My boyfriend and I made the spilt second decision to visit this establishment after passing by another brunch establishment. I can see why people do like this place but it's just not for me.
It's a cute little cafe with an ethnic twist. We were seated quickly by whom I am guessing was the owner. He was sitting with his family and we were seated a table down from them. I looked over the menu and my heart sunk. Nothing sounded good...but I settled on an omelette. Maybe cause I'm a vegetarian? Not sure.
The coffee arrived first which was quickly followed by the meal. The coffee here is La Columbe and it's SO good but you don't go out for brunch just for coffee. I took a few bites of my omelette and just felt sad. For ~$18 I felt more regret for choosing this location.
Parts of the meal were okay, like the fresh fruit and potatoes - these were actually very good. But the fact of the matter is I couldn't find anything on the menu that sounded good. Usually I do more research on places before just showing up but I failed to do that here. 
It makes me sad to leave this review but I really can not recommend this place.Outstanding! Don't miss this place.  A unique and delicious menu. The food and presentation was top shelf. Service was friendly and efficient. Surroundings were cozy.  We'll definitely be returning if we can get in the door!Im writing this review for the food alone. We loved everything we ordered. I had some sort of chicken and waffles dish n the gf got one of their crazy eggs benny. Food was def outstanding, worthy of 5 stars. The place is tight, elbow to elbow and its crowded. Prices are high, high enough that i couldnt probably come here weekly. Brunch shouldnt cost me dinner prices, but yelp is about the food and it was awesome, plus diff strokes for diff folks when it comes to money...ill be back, the weekend i get paidCame here for the first time and had a positive experience. The place is pretty small but great for small groups. It was clean and adorably decorated, but group sitting next to us were a bit noisy and seemed to have been friends from the servers since they were all taking time out to hang and talk with them. Food was delicious though, had the Grain chaud and it filled me up with all the fruits and nuts, a great twist on your average oatmeal ! Prices aren't too high either ($$). Don't remember what my bf had but he loved it!La Maude is probably my most favorite brunch place in Philly. The chicken cordon blue is delicious and pretty much everything on their menu. The portions are very generous, can't complain about anything. A lot of good memories here. The couple who runs this place are really good to their customers.I was just here for brunch and I was amazed how knowledgeable and helpful the wait staff was. Any of them will be a great source of information if you need some help picking from their well balanced menu.
I decided on something for flavor and a good balance of protein and vegetables and wow was it delicious. I was still smiling hours later. 
The N-Liberties    $$
Multigrain buns topped with hummus spread, jalapeño, spicy sujuk (Lebanese sausage), avocado, tomatoes & caramelized onions & fried eggs; with a side of caramelized onion and potatoes seasoned with Zaatar and sumac & fried cauliflower.Solid people, great food, and fantastic service.  They also serve brunch 7 days a week; which adds to the attraction, especially in a neighborhood where its tough to find breakfast or lunch on a Monday/Tuesday.
Ive had everything from Eggs to Salad, and its all been superb with La Colombe coffee. Cant beat it.This place is great! We sat next to local world champion light heavyweight boxer Bernard Hopkins and a veteran Philly cop who rode in on horseback. Very interesting and great mix of people...oh yeah and the food is unbelievable.
My wife and I started with cafe latte (me) and cappuccino (her) which were tremendous!
Next we split the Parisian Za (they made one scrambled egg for my wife and one over easy for me) and the brioche French toast...both were amazing!
The owner (unfortunately did not get his name but we will get it when we go back) was very warm and friendly. He has a great life story fleeing war torn Syria. We are thankful he and his wife landed in Philly!
This is a must go breakfast place!! We can't wait to go back!! Thanks to YELP otherwise we would have never found this place!!
Keep up the great work Cafe LaMaud!Okay - this place has a great brunch. I got the pizza croissant and it was amazing. The croissant was fluffy, and the toppings were sweet, savory, and the entire dish was really well thought out. I will say that this place is pricey, and the wait for it can be long. It's great that they have a flower shop just nearby to spend your time. The servers/staff are phenomenal - and even found us in the flower shop to make sure we got our table. It's a great brunch place for special events too! There was a bridal shower, a first date, and families just catching up. 
It's definitely worth it - just be ready to spend a bit on the meal.Outstanding brunch. Prices may seem a little steep but totally worth it! The quality and freshness cannot be beat. Voted #1 brunch spot in PA for a reasonAfter trying many breakfast restaurants in Philadelphia I can say Cafe La Mude is the best of themEasily one of the best breakfasts I have EVER had! I have absolutely fallen in love with this place after one visit. My friend and I went on a Monday mid-morning, which helped us avoid the weekend crowds that I'm told often pack the restaurant. 
I ordered the Eggs Benedict with salmon, cream cheese & avocado served atop an English muffin with some salad goodness mixed over everything. The dish was beautifully constructed and it tasted even better than it looked.
I felt the serving size was very ideal. I didn't feel like I needed to be rolled out on a flat bed truck - as I do after some brunches - but still was completely content. Anytime I am in Philly, you will be sure to find me here at least once.Clean and lovely interior decor. Adequate seating and food came quick. A little pricey and finding parking is a nightmare. Don't let the parking prevent you from stopping in and eating here though! I know available parking is out of their control but just a heads up! I'll def be going back to try more on the menu! Delicious coffee.Great Brunch place! Came here on a Sunday with my husband. It was about 1/2 hour wait at 1 o'clock but well worth it. Owner was very pleasant and attentive to his customers. The food was amazing and so fresh and so delicious. Would definitely come back again!My favorite place for brunch in Philly (one that I think truly earns every penny of the $$ I shell out). 
The cafe is super cute, serves great coffee and brunch, and is seriously worth the long waits. The menu is extensive in that you might spend 10-15 minutes deciding what to order (they all sound so so good), but you can't go wrong! Plating is taken seriously here -- expect to be served some plates of pretty / Instagrammable food. 
Great ambiance, fresh ingredients, and a restaurant worth treating your stomach to and raving to all your friends about!Parisian Za!
I couldn't tell you exactly what that means but damn, it is tasty. A large wooden serving platter replaced your typical porcelain plate to hold all the components of this dish. It was such a well rounded meal! The star was obviously the croissant, which was soooo buttery and soft! It was embedded with ham, goat cheese, caramelized onions...oh my! Top it off with some avo and I'm sold. An excellent savory meal on it's own. Now I mentioned it being a well rounded meal and here's why - this plate also included a tangy salad, potatoes, eggs, and fresh fruit! Well worth the price. 
Like many brunch places, no reservations so expect a wait even if you show up "early" for brunch (10am-ish). Despite that wait, it's so cute here and I wish I lived closer!We came here on 4th of July and the are was a 40 min wait time on a raining morning. I hate waiting to be seated but the way they said it made me want to wait and I'm glad I did! The food was awesome! the service was great! I will be coming back againI really felt like I was eating at a small cafe on one of the beautiful little corners in paris. This is a very popular place for brunch so I highly suggest making reservations and making sure that all of your party is there on time. We had a nice size party of five and not everyone was there on time( *ahem* me) so there was a little bit of a wait for our table to be ready which was understandable. There was a gentleman who was helping with the seating but I got the impression that he was also the owner? Either way he was super friendly and made the wait time seem nonexistent. It's a small space so the tables are very close together but at the same time I didn't feel like everyone was on top of each other. At one point even the host/owner came and sat for a few talking and laughing with us and the other diners that he squeezed in between and making sure that everything was ok and we were enjoying everything. Very good for business. Our waiter was super friendly and is a frequent diner there(always a good sign) so he was very willing and able to really help out with our ordering choices. First off, the coffee they serves is freshly brewed La Colombe which i absolutely love. And like I said it's fresh brewed and not sitting around in a carafe for hours. I ordered the brisket huevos rancheros. It was absolutely fabulous. The brisket was so tender I barely had to chew it. The ingredients were so fresh you would think that there was a farm right out back and they literally went farm to table. I don't know what the flavoring was on the potatoes but they need to bottle it and sell it. So delicious. My one friend ordered the Tiramisu pancake and it was almost too decadent to eat. Almost. This is a dish that if not done exactly right would be way too sweet and heavy but they nailed it. I think the whip may have been whipped on the way to the table it was so fresh. And all the ingredients were balanced perfectly to make this an absolute must have. All in all this is the type of place that I want to keep going back to time and time again. The food, the service, the atmosphere, they nailed everything.The coffee, the food, the atmosphere are all 5 stars. This is a wonderful place and hope more people find out how truly great this place is. Everytime we visit Philly we make sure to stop bye.My boyfriend, sister and I were visiting from NY and bumped into this place while searching for some brunch. I am so happy we did! They sat us down almost immediately after we walked in. The host was very fast and professional and really gave us excellent service. Our waitress was also very polite and answered all our questions about the menu and checked up on us often. 
The food was absolutely phenomenal!!! Every single one of us cleaned up our plate. I ordered the berrylicous pain perdu. It was basically French toast with creme brûlée bananas and berries and some kind of condensed milk sauce. I'm not too sure but what I am sure of is that it was delicious!!!
If we are ever in the area again we will definitely be back !Wow what a hidden gem! Found this place because of its reviews on Yelp and they couldn't be more spot on! The food was amazing and Gabby the owner was so nice. We sat outside and everyone was so friendly. Can't wait to be back for more!!I came here with 4 friends on a late Sunday morning at around 11 am, expecting for a long wait as this is one of the most popular brunch restaurants in the city. We had to wait about 30 mins for a table which seemed very reasonable as we were a table of 5. There is a beautiful plant store next door (City Planted) that we essentially loitered in until we were called to our table. Our waitress, whose name I unfortunately forget now, was very attentive and punctual. 
Once the meal concluded, the consensus around the table was clear- the food is amazing. I ordered the The N-Liberties ($18.25) which is describved on the menu as the following: "Multigrain buns topped with hummus spread, jalapeño, spicy sujuk (Lebanese sausage), avocado, tomatoes & caramelized onions & fried eggs; with a side of caramelized onion and potatoes seasoned with Zaatar and sumac & fried cauliflower." It was so flavorful and was a very balanced meal with so many veggies, fruit on the side, and protein. I loved it! 
My boyfriend got the Quatre Fromage ($17.95): "Fontina, Mozzerella, Gruyere & Tartufa cheeses; chorizo, bacon & ham; avocadoes & tomatoes." He gets this omelet every time we go to Café La Maude and loves it more each time. 
There are definitely less expensive brunch places to go to in the city, but I do think this is the BEST one. The prices are a bit more expensive, but the food is very unique (North Algerian) and something that you really can't get anywhere else in Philly at least. 5/5 I definitely recommend!This place is a great cafe for lunch. The menu was making me nuts so many great meals too choose from. So I got the Lebanese club sandwich . So BIG. Very different but wonderful. I also got the the Cobb salad for dinner. It was so hard to make a decision. The meat in the sandwich was fresh. Everything was fresh. The decaf American was very good . The staff was friendly. I can not say a bad thing about this cafe. I am glad that I found this place by accident. Could not have dessert too full. But did get a cookie to go. Folks you need to go to this place.Just had a amazing breakfast here. The vibe and energy of this place is amazing, it makes you feel like home. The customer service is Top Class and the food is beyond amazing. Definitely will be coming back here every opportunity i get.By far the best brunch place in Philadelphia! Their prices are bit high but you have to understand that their ingredients are very fresh and it's very filling as well. Also, call ahead to make reservations or be prepare to wait 30 min during the weekends, it does get bit busy! But regardless of the down side the food makes up for it! Even though they are very busy the manager and the servers comes to check up on you so you definitely feel taken care of! Will be going back for brunch again!The food is simple and has good flavors. The staff is friendly and polite. Often though, you can see the mother of this lebanese-french cafe getting stressed out and yelling to the rest of the staff. The decor is clean and elegant and I do enjoy the cozy atmosphere it provides.  The food is great and there is a great ambiance. Skip Honey's and try this out next door.The food at this place makes you want to live in it and lick the walls all day. I promise it will not disappoint. Whether you are bringing a guest from out of town or in need of a delish boozy brunch this is the place to go.
But seriously the food is amazing! If you are a foodie and love to explore how far your taste buds can be pushed, this is the place for you. It is BYO, so of course we brought some champagne for mimosas. While we waited, the owner (I'll get back to him in a minute) put it in the fridge to chill.  There's also a super cute plant place next door to explore while you wait. After we sat down and started reviewing the menu and I instantly didn't know what I wanted.  Everything just made my foodie senses tingle. After much debate, I settled on a Greek inspired omelette. It was an egg white omelette with pesto filled with chicken sausage, breaded goat cheese, and tomatoes. It was amazing. It came with fresh fruit, a small mixed greens salad, and probably some of the best home fries I've ever had. My friend (the local) got a heavenly goat cheese stuffed croissant with ham. We finished with a beautiful latte.
Now back to the owner. He is one of a kind. My friend says she's never not seen him there. He's very involved in his business and makes everyone feel welcomed and important. Also, the service was attentive even though they we slammed. 
Again, I highly suggest going to this place! You won't be disappointed.Great food! Awesome atmosphere and the staff were so courteous and attentive. Definitely a good place to eatI wish I lived nearby to come back here! But omg the breakfast here is delicious! I had an eggwhites with fried cauliflower & hashbrowns. It was great!! I wish I can't try the other omelettes on the menu. But unfortunately I live 2 hrs away in ny! LolGreat food and drinks!
The restaurant itself was small and a tad dirty. Very loud!
The staff were eager to help one another which was great to see. 
The bathroom decor and architecture was amazing and I got some ideas for my future house!Came here for brunch with a group of six and the host had a table for us very quickly. Since they are BYOB we brought  our own bottles of champagne to make mimosas which the server was very kind in having ice buckets for us to keep the champagne cold. Our waiter was very nice and funny. The food was outstanding. I had the open burrito and it was amazing. My family and myself were very pleased with everything and loved it.Sunday brunch was perfect here! I had a perfect omelet and an even better piece of French toast! I'm not sure where they got the syrup, but it was the most delicious I've ever had! Great place! We will definitely be back!we loved this little spot in the city.  Great service and the food was amazing.  Will be going back for sure!Randomly stumbled upon this gem when we were told we had to wait 30 minutes at Honey's.  All three of us ordered 5 entrees, just to get a taste of the fine food offered here, telling ourselves we won't eat it all, but we ended up eating everything because it was so delicious.  I strongly recommend this place, the owner and his wife came by to make sure we were enjoying everything.  Excellent service and super fine food.  Cannot go wrong!Decided to try this place out for breakfast for my birthday last week and I was very impressed. The service was excellent; the servers were very attentive and the owner even came over to my friend and I's table and asked about how everything was.  It showed that he really does care about his customer's satisfaction.  I ordered the Parisian Zá and my friend the berry French toast with the mascarpone cheese.  We were both very happy with what we ordered, the presentation was great and the different flavors put into the Parisian Zá were mixed perfectly.  Definitely one of the best breakfast restaurants I've been to.Really good customer service! French tearoom ambiance. Really good food, well presented.What can I say that hasn't already been said?
We enjoyed an epic brunch while visiting Philly. Since we visited on a weekday we were happily surprised to get a table on the patio area out front right away.
So many amazing choices on the menu, it was hard to choose one! 
I opted for the smoked salmon breakfast and bae got the beef brisket. Everything was amazing and service was super attentive. Would absolutely return!!This was an exceptional find. If honey's has no place for you to sit n eat- then this is your spot.  Bread and pastry fresh, light, and delicious. Breakfasts savory and sweet, with enough well priced choice to win over any palatte. Plus, the big salad!Quaint little cafe! Amazing service, super friendly staff! Unique food options and great presentation! Great place for a date or to grab coffee and chill with the girls!All around lovely brunch spot! Cute and quaint decor, very friendly and accommodating host and wait staff, delicious coffee, BYOB and endless food options.  It was very difficult to choose one thing, but the combinations are unique and flavorful- far from routine.  The meals are reasonably portioned and packed with flavor.  I appreciate the time out into each dish as opposed to hugeee portions of hastily made eggs or pancakes.  There are so many elements to the dishes.  I had the gypsy eggs! Will have took back to try other options!  Expect to wait to be seated and don't go with a very large group as seating will be difficult- in my mind it's worth the wait and the wait shows that many others feel the same!  Have heard from multiple sources that this was a spot not to miss and I 100% concur.  Thank you for great food, friendly atmosphere and BYOBMmmm open faced Mediterranean burrito... If I lived in Philly i think i would eat way too often here.  Everything on the menu looked interesting and fresh.  It came out well balanced and presented beautifully.  The owner was super friendly and the space was beautiful.  Do yourself a favor and get brunch here someday.My friends and I stumbled on Cafe La Maude on Labor Day looking to grab a bite to eat before we all went back to our respective cities. We were in town for the Made in America festival.
The place was packed! The owner greeted us and told us he would try to seat us altogether in a short amount of time. He checked on us regularly while we waited. We thought about leaving but he was so hospitable we wouldn't dare leave. After about 20 minutes we were seated.
I ordered the Parisian Zá and it was incredible! Even the fruit and salad was good - so fresh. 
The next time I'm in Philly, I'll be sure to have brunch at Cafe La Maude!Great place for brunch!! Excellent food and service. Only thing that I disliked was the price. However, I would highly recommend it and come back!Brunch here is charming - that's the best way to put it. My friend and I came during the weekend so there was a wait, but the restaurant actually has a lot of space so it didn't take long at all. There's a cute plant shop right next store, and the area surrounding Cafe La Maude is great to walk around while waiting.
The food is beautiful. The plating and colors of each dish is thoughtful and vibrant. Of course, it's delicious too. While this cafe is pricier than the average brunch place, the portions are clearly larger. I got the Huevos Rancheros, which was super flavorful and filling. My friend got the Parisian Za, which she claims had the best potatoes. 
I'll probably come back to try another dish (maybe not soon - it is a bit of a splurge) because the entire menu looks amazing!So nice!! Food was great, especially the beef short rib. They give a fantastic dinner! I really want to comeback!Best brunch everrrr!!! My family and I drove 2hrs from nyc just to try the delicious chai latte, stuffed French toast and moreee!! We where in disbelief of how delicious each dish was and that's hard because my husband is a food addict and doesn't hold back when not happy with a dish. The attention from all staff was very friendly and attentive at all times, special thanks to Gaby for such a wonderful treatment from the moment we walked in!!! Totally worth the trip and we will be back!!!Friendly, clean and lots of sun light.  I sat in the window with my mother in-law.  Great spot for an intimate breakfast and lunch.  She had the Shakshuka which was outrageously delicious! I had the Parisian Za, the caramelized onions with grilled ham stuffed with goat cheese were delightful as was the croissant! We both plan to revisit Café La Maude.  She only lives a few blocks away and intends on trying everything the menu has to offer!Best breakfast in Philadelphia. Food was exceptionally tasty and refreshingly different than anything I've had before.  The ambiance was very cozy and French in style. The owners of the cafe prepared our meal with care and served us with warm hospitality.  We will absolutely return to this cafe whenever we visit Philly. 5 stars!My wife and I visited Cafe La Maude for the first timeon a Sunday morning. Surprisingly the wait was not very long. We were immediately impressed with the friendliness of the staff and manager. The seating accommodations were quaint but not cramped. Once seated we were greeted by most of the staff and the manager (who I suspect may be involved in the ownership team) took a particular interest in chatting with us and making sure we were comfortable. After viewing the diverse menu and realizing the menu was a French\Lebanese fusion we talked with manager once again about some of the dishes we were unfamiliar with. As first timers he recommended excellent dishes for my wife and I. My wife is somewhat particular about ethnic foods and the recommendations from the manager was spot on. I am not going to recommend or tell what dishes we ordered from the menu, I don't want to ruin the experience. I'll leave the recommendations up to the management and staff.  From beginning to end it was a pleasantly surprising experience. As far as the cost I'd say that it's definitely priced for adult dinning. Couldn't see bringing a family (kids) for brunch. Seems like prices are geared more towards couples and friends. I only hope the popularity of the place doesn't ruin it the way it has some of the other niche Philly spots... I'd definitely give my endorsement to friendsBrunch is my favorite, so after seeing this restaurant on top 100 places according to yelps reviews, I had to try it :)
Before going, I looked at the menu and could not decide on what to try!! Everything looked so good. However, I ended up getting the Parisian za :)
The Parisian za had warm goat cheese wrapped with ham, and truffled onions and a little jalapeño on an open faced croissant, with potatoes, a little salad, 2 eggs, and fruit salad on the side :) this dish was delicious and not super filling, but I wish I could have tasted more of the truffle oil (I love truffle, but I couldn't really taste it)
I also ordered a latte, and plain and simple: SO good and frothy :) 
Overall, I would definitely come here again, but since it is more on the pricey end, not too often lolA friend recommended this brunch spot to us. We ordered the waffle and the egg white omelette dish.
Pros:
Great food presentation 
Great ambiance 
Waffle was excellent 
They were very busy and yet the service was great
Cons
Potatoes that came with the omelette were cold
Omelette was not very flavorful. Salad was a bit soggy.
Little priceyThe Grain Chaud, the Open Face Burrito, the Lamb Chops, the ICED VANILLA CHAI! This place gets it right all the time so they get my MONEY all the time! Don't skip a great Mediterranean breakfast and lunch when in Philadelphia! Go to CAFE LA MAUDE!First time here but it was a great experience. The place is a cute place. Really nice and comfy. The service is excellent. All the waitresses and waiters are super nice and helpful! The food is amazing. You really get a lot for what you pay for. I got the Parisian Za! I love it. So gooood!! We went to celebrate a friend's birthday and they really made it special. Thank you! Definitely would recommend to all!I came here for a cup of coffee while waiting for seats to the restaurant next door. The cafe was super clean and cute. They have a selection of pastries and espresso drinks. They're prices were average/comparable to Starbucks. I bought a small vanilla nonfat latte for $4. I wished they offered a sugar-free syrup since I'm on a diet but I went with it. It was a small cup and the temperature was just right. I think if I were meeting friends for coffee this would be a great place. It's pretty small location but still fairly cute decor.  Only cash accepted.I love Cafe La Maude!  So far, I've been there 4 times, twice just for coffee and croissants, and twice to sit down and eat some lunch.  Each time, it's been better than I expected.  Their coffee drinks are delicious!  I tried the iced caramel glace - perfect on a hot morning!  And the croissants.....delicious!  They are some serious French pastries!  The "regular" food is great too.  Paninis are on crisp fresh bread and the Mediterranean platter is sooo yummy!  It's perfect for one or even two people to share.  The decor is sooo cute, it makes you feel like you are in Europe and the service is done with a smile.  I will definitely go back.  FYI - for now they only take cash!Amazing food, creative options, a little pricey but SO worth it! Fantastic and cute little shop.Well, let's just say I finally found my favorite breakfast place in philadelphia.  I personally love breakfast and pretty much tried most of the popular breakfast restaurants around philadelphia.  This little place at northern liberties did not disappoint.  When we came, the owner was right outside the door, greeted us with a welcome and the host sat us down immediately.  This was around 10am on a sunday, there was no wait which is PERFECT! I have to say I've waited for an hour for breakfast at some restaurants on a sunday.  The inside is very comfortable and cozy.  There are 2 tables right by the giant window (they open up so it's perfect during nicer weathers, you're not on the sidewalk right next to cars which is nice).
I started my breakfast with coffee as usual, it came with creamer in a small flask-like glassware which I thought was really cute.  I ordered the caprese benedict (poached egg with avocado, tomatoes, topped with hollandaise/light balsamic vinegrette).  It was amazing!  It comes with a small salad, some fruits, and one crusted potato.  My friend ordered the sweet potato benny (poached egg with labanese sausage and sweet potato hash) which was amongst the popular items on the menu.  The sweet potato hash was an awesome idea.  She finished her whole plate which is really rare for her because she does not eat as much as I do.  
Overall, amazing!!! This will definitely be my GO-TO breakfast place and i'll definitely spread the word!Went here for brunch w/ my friends and we ordered the Parisian Za, Genovese Omelet, the Gaufre, and some macarons. Everything was good, but all the entrees were COLD! We had the waiter take them back because they were THAT cold. 
If it wasn't for the temperature, I think the meal would have been very good. 
As for the macarons, they weren't THAT great, I've never had any macarons in Philadelphia, but they DEFINITELY don't compare to the ones in NYC. Not sure if they are worth getting because there was no crunch to them/ definitely could have more flavor. 
The reason why I gave 4 stars instead of 3 was because the service was EXCEPTIONAL. The manager and the waiters were VERY accommodating and they made sure that we were happy with our meals and did not hesitate when we asked to take the meals back. 
We went on a Saturday around 11:30 and the wait was reasonable, I would say around 15-30 min. It was pretty crowded, but I would definitely go again!Love this place.  Food is amazing, ambiance through the roof and service excellent.  Can't way enough about this little place.  If you could only have one meal in Philadelphia or nay before the end of the world as we know it, I would recommend Cafe Le MaudeLove this place. Husband and Wife run this establishment. The wife is the cook and the husband normally greets you upon entering or checks on your table. Not because there are no servers, but because he's just that friendly and concerned. I must admit, I have only had breakfast and normally get the same thing. Great place!I have frequently passed by this cafe on my way to work on many occasions. So on my Sunday off, i decided to visit this location with one of my close friends. Street parking is a slight pain in neighborhoods like this, but I was able to find parking. We walked up to the cafe and found that it was already packed at noon. But we were seated quickly by the owner. We ordered the Gaufre Chicken Cordon Bleu  ($17.00) ,Berrylicious Pain Perdu ($15.50), and 2 vanilla lattes. Everything was delicious. So much tastier than green eggs cafe, although a bit more on the pricer side. 
Service was on point! Owner was great! Restaurant was cozy and not too loud. I would definitely recommend this amazing local spot!This is a great brunch place! 
Came here with a friend and we tried two of the special dishes - cannoli French toast and surf and turf burger. They were both excellent!  
The atmosphere - very casual but definitely busy because it's so good.  We came in around 2pm and we're lucky to catch a seat right as we walked in but the other groups that were coming in didn't have to wait much since they have a quick turnover rate. 
Now to the important part - the food. Both were special items 
Cannoli French Toast - fantastic 5/5.  Some of the best French toast I've had.  The dish came dressed with fresh green apples and strawberries, two slices of toast with bananas and Nutella mixed in. Just heavenly. 
Surf and Turf burger - my goodness was this delicious. Salmon, shrimp, and tilapia with turkey burger topped with a sunny side down egg. This was quite the burger and was newly added to the special menu within the past few days so try it while it lasts!
Great service, friendly staff, and good iced coffee too!Amazing & delicious! So many flavors! I will definitely be returning. The service was excellent. The staff was very helpful in recommending traditional flavorful dishes. The green shakshuka and Parisian Za were amazing!Cafe La Maude has a different but excellent take on breakfast. Their omelettes are fantastic, and their pancakes are to die for. Highly recommended. You won't be disappointedA little overpriced, but there's a reason there's always an hour long wait for Sunday brunch. Great food and portion size. Highly recommend.What a fabulous little place! We are from NYC and were in town for the weekend. SO glad we found this gem on Yelp. The staff are amazingly attentive and friendly and warm. They don't hover - they take care of you. A personal favorite of mine is that the bathroom is SPOTLESS. I even commented on this to the owner, who was there enjoying a coffee with the locals. The food was absolutely delicious. I am a coffee snob and theirs was excellent - served in LARGE mugs. We will absolutely return next time we are in Philly. We had a hard time selecting our food because we both wanted ten different things on the menu. Go!This place is a nice little brunch spot that doesn't get a huge brunch line. Besides the food, that's one of the main reasons i come here. A nice sized french lebanese spot, but it's mostly french
The petit steak is delicious with a great sauce. I only wish there was more steak, it's comes chopped on top of potatoes with an egg and some type of sauce over it. There's also a bit of fruit on the side.
The macaroons are also pretty good, I'm a fan of the passion fruit.My friends and I just got brunch here and the menu was so extravagant. I ordered the petit steak with sunny side eggs and it came with an awesome sauce mixed in, which included mangos and diced apples!! One of the best brunches I've had. 
My friend felt the Lamb chops were a bit small, but the owner was nice enough to give him a few extra chops with his meal. An awesome owner and host! Would definitely come back soon!! :)Checked in for a party of 4, and eta wait was 30 min. The owner got us a seat in 20, but our 4th guest was running late. Felt bad because I don't like to occupy seats in a first come first serve no call-in's establishments. He insisted it was fine and said he would've gotten us a seat sooner if he knew we weren't waiting for 1 more. To boot, it's st patty's day weekend and it's very busy, everywhere. Food is exceptional, and quite an eyesore. Gf and friend loved it. Thanks for the great service!If you're looking for creative, unique brunch food full of rich flavor, this is your place. Waits can be long if you come at the peak time, but if you're willing to come earlier or later you might be able to get a table right away. I recommend the Parisian Za, but everything I've tried here is exceptional.This place is incredible! Best coffee, amazing, phenomenal staff, and nice atmosphere!Soo yummy and fresh.  Awesome owners and wait staff.  La Columbe to wake you up proper, and fresh white marble and iron interiors to clear your mind.  N-Liberties and Mediterranean burrito are amazing!!!This place is very well known for brunch. Very cozy. I found that servers have tattoos on their arms. We had Quatre Fromage Omelet and the special menu Ribeye Sandwich. The sandwich was awesome! Omelet was good and I like the fried potato came with the omelet. I definitely will come again and try other menus!Sindy is my favorite Albanian! And Gabi is poppin, loving the special intimacy in this place. Not one you can find in any restaurant. I felt welcomed and loved. Also, there simple breakfast hit the spot!! ....I'm coming back for y'all -stephany from nyc babyI'll start off with saying that I am not much of a breakfast at a restaurant person anyway, so there's that. Anyway, we had a big group that came in for lunch a couple weeks ago. We called in a few minutes prior to walking in and they told us to get in quickly before the rush. We did and they sat us immediately. We were taken to the back room and were greeted by a nice and friendly server. The gentleman who sat us was also friendly, outspoken, and polite. 
We got an assortment of entrees such as the Cordon Bleu chicken and waffle dish, as well as the mediterranean platter. All the food was good and some of the dishes were on the heavy side. 
I would go back to try their lunch menu or their dinner menu too since it's in the neighborhood.New favorite brunch place. Not surprised at the high number of good reviews. 
Everything we tried was exceptional, service was great, and the owner is super nice. He clearly cares and is trying really hard to make his customers happy. 
Gypsy eggs were delicious but the green shakshouka eggs were INCREDIBLE. They just had a very unique flavor profile, smoky and sweet and tangy. French toast was also delicious but super sweet (Nutella), so I recommend sharing. 
We will be back again and again, we can't wait to try more dishes. It is expensive (even for us NYC people) but the food was so good it was worth it, it's just prohibitive to go every weekend.Omg every time I come here I am more amazed by every dish! The options are so unique and flavorful. Love the shakshuka! The espresso drinks are made to perfection! The crazy long lines are definitely worth the wait!!I can easily say that this was the best breakfast I have ever had in my life. I ordered the waffles covered in fruit and pistachios (can't remember the name) and the flavor profile was so complex and unique that every bite burst with something new. I was shocked. My friend ordered the Mediterranean breakfast which had every delight expected. The owner was around bustling and seating people and just had there best energy. The place it's self is very cool and cozy. I would highly recommend stopping here for some incredible food.Great brunch spot! Definitely lived up to the Yelp community hype! Very accommodating for vegetarians and has an excellent brunch menu with a Middle Eastern twist.  I got the N. Liberties and I tackled only about 1/2 of the plate.  Very generous portions.  The service was also amazing which made the overall meal 5 stars.