This place is nice, the food here is very flavorful and delicious ! I would say come here for a nice bowl of heaven.I have only tried Bun Bo Hue here. It's very small restaurant, but I don't care about the size of the restaurant as long as they have good food! I have eaten in the restaurant and ordered to go! This is hands down the best Bun Bo Hue in Philadelphia!
You know how when you order the food to go and it doesn't taste the same as eating in the restaurant? Well, not here! I remember ordering a large Bun Bo Hue to go and they definitely give you a lot of stuff! They separate the stock from everything else to prevent the noodles from getting soggy so all you have to do is boil the stock and add everything in it. It still tasted delicious and you can tell that everything was so fresh. In addition, it was nice and spicy!
Also, it's more on the expensive side and they only except cash, but I'm willing to pay for quality and a good bowl Bun Bo Hue.
Definitely go here to get your Bun Bo Hue fix on!This is the real deal. I walk in and hear Vietnamese 80s dance music playing at a moderate sound level. I get the universal signal of sit wherever you'd like and I took a seat in the front. The waitress comes over with no menus, only her pad. I try my hardest to order in Vietnamese their special Bun Bo Hue but the questions about if I wanted everything started to get tricky. For some reason she switched to Mandarin which I am equally as bad at speaking. I tried switching to English with no avail. After an exchange of half broken Vietnamese and Mandarin, my order was ready to go, Bun Bo Hue the small size with everything, make it spicy... To drink, complementary iced green tea. I think. 
You get a plate of basil and another herb Vietnamese coriander that I normally don't see but appropriate for Bun Bo Hue, with bean sprouts and a lime. So far so good. They brought out a glass bowl of an almost perfect Bun Bo Hue, loaded with different cuts of pork and beef including a ridiculously tender slice of pig's feet, cha lua (pork roll ham), soft beef tendon, and thin sliced beef brisket. The only thing missing are some pork blood cubes that would've made it slightly more authentic. The broth was extremely flavorful with fresh chilis adding to the right amount of heat and onions. You need to pull all the herbs from the stem and fold them into the broth. Also break up a handful of bean sprouts to add in for crunch. Then with a squeeze of lime; that's the proper way to eat it and it's so good. 
Even though the language exchange was a little silly, the food speaks for itself and the people are very nice and accommodating. Definitely have to return.This is definitely a local whole in the wall, so I had high hopes. There was a lot of family members around. The waitress walked over and asked what we wanted, we asked to see a menu, which came hand written (not even xeroxed - someone worked a lot!).
We had the bun bo hue ($8.50) and hu tieu ($7.50) - someone else wrote the bbh was 5.50. Basically everything on the menu except the bbh was $7.50, which is a little higher than most places nearby.
The waitress asked in Vietnamese if I could handle all the meat in the bun bo hue, including the cubes of coagulated blood. The answer was yes as I love blood cubes.
Anyway, when the bbh came out there was no blood. I was disappointed and thought maybe she didn't think I could handle it. The rest of the meat was fine, though the tail was a bit tough. The bbh broth was very clear - I'm used to it being red and spicy. It was flavorful but weak. I'm also used to bbh coming with a copious garnish of lime, bean sprouts, shredded cabbage, and shredded banana flower. This came with lime, bean sprouts, basil, and chili, which to me is more of a pho garnish.
The hu tieu came with pho noodles (rather than wide noodles or egg noodles, which are preferable for this) and the broth had too much fish sauce. It did, however, have a lot of shrimp (I think 7 pieces).
Our soups came in glass bowls (smaller than pho bowls) filled right to the brim. I didn't know if this was supposed to be aesthetically pleasing, but I prefer the pho bowls and a little space so I can add my garnish and mix it up.
I had a bit of an msg attack, which means they used too much. They were, however, gracious in that they brought a pot of iced tea since we chatted for a bit after finishing. That was better service than most Vietnamese places where you'd sit there undisturbed.
There was a couple leaving when we got there, a couple that ate and left while we were there, and a couple that came in when we were almost done. An elderly couple, they both ordered the bbh.  The man added a lot more fish sauce to his broth. I watched them carefully, to see if there were any blood cubes in their bbh. But there was none, so I guess they were out and I wasn't being slighted. 
Overall, the bbh was ok, the ht a bit lacking. I more likely to go to Nam Phuong instead.Got the BBH and it was delicious. Definitely got the spice kick and this place gives you a lot of meat. A regular size bowl ($9) will fill you up unless you are extra hungry and want the large ($11). Also they serve you cold tea which is nice. The place is small so not the best place for a large crowd if during busy hours.Cafe Diem is known for their infamously spicy noodle soup or in vietnamese, Bun Bo Hue. If you particularly ask any Viet person where to go just for this specialty in Philadelphia, 9/10 they will most likely say Cafe Diem. I'm not going to lie, my family and friends as well as myself "used" to be regulars here.
Since I've seek a new profound spot that makes it way better than Diem, I pretty much avoided this place. After a year or so, I decided to make a come back visit to see if it was still worth the 4 stars. Sadly, no. This place is over rated. 
Upon receiving my bowl, I see clear broth with a great amount of hot chili oil. The choice selections of meat were good, but the soup contained no flavor. It was like slurping hot water with a kick of thai chili peppers. I'm all about taste and this my friends was just bland. Quite disappointed that I should have sticked to what I know. Head on over to Cafe Nhan instead and thank me later. You'll notice a major difference!Went for an early lunch. The place is very small and was packed but luckily we secured a 2-top quickly. Menu is very limited and only offers variations of BBH.  I wound up getting the shrimp and pork with rice noodles. The provide bean sprouts, sliced jalapeño, and an assortment of sauces to customize your bowl. Overall this was a good dish but the pork was very fatty and there only a couple small shrimp. Flavored were really good and our server was pleasant. It's great that they give each table a small pitcher of water. Not sure why every Asian restaurant does not do this. Vietnamese is probably my favorite cuisine but I am not sure I would come back as I don't like beef tendon and pig's feet both of which are in the BBH.I really do feel sorry for everyone who says this is the best bun bo hue.  They may have the best in philly but if you really want the best bun bo hue, you're gonna have to travel out to Vietnam Cafe in Telford.
Their bun bo hue is good compared to the other restaurants in philly (do not go to Pho Ha for bun bo hue).  They go pretty light on the meat and the broth lacks depth compared to Vietnam Cafes.  If you're really craving bun bo hue in philly then give this place a try.  They recently renovated so its not much of a hole in the wall joint anymore.The infamous Bun Bo Hue (spicy beef noodle soup) was extremely flavorful and generously portioned with savory slices of fresh beef. 
Why I loved it? 
- broth tasted pleasantly natural, with no suspicion of MSG (oh, this matters alright if you're a health nut like myself)
- loved the freshness and abundant thick slices of beef used vs thin frozen slices at other restaurants (gosh, who doesn't love quality meat?) 
**One catch!
I would caution, don't come expecting the standard pho you normally get: 
- no thin rice noodles, but rather they use a thicker, chewier, udon like noodle 
- the spicy taste doesn't come blended into the broth, but they use a handful of red pepper flakes which float at the top of the soup 
I wasn't a fan of this method because my friend and I choked when we slurped the noodles up. Not to mention a red pepper flake ended up being stuck between her teeth... So watch out if you're on a date here! ;)Best BBH (bun bo hue) in Philly. Don't bother getting anything else. Nothing I can say that hasn't already been said in other reviews. Couple things to keep in mind. 1) Cash only 2) If you can't speak Vietnamese, be ready to point at the menu since they don't speak English well. 3) You will most likely splatter on your shirt so be prepared for some grease stains. Other than that, get the spicy and enjoy!Two words: hidden gem
Being a proud South Philadelphian, I know of all the Vietnamese treasures. I can tell when someone is a real food lover if they know of Cafe Diem's BBH. 
Go on a cold winter day and have the amazing spicy noodle soup with an order of the refreshing coconut juice... Remember to wear clothes you don't care much about because the broth will splash and stain!Yea this place is the bees knees.
Pretty sure they hate me now because my group was super loud and the place is super tiny. There are about 10 tables in the joint and we had to wait about 30 min to get seated at 1 of the 2 tables that can seat 6.   Got a menu?   Who cares.  I'm pretty sure all they sell is Bun Bo Hue.   Just get it.   The oily, super spicy broth will make you sweat and your nose run.   I went for the safer Bun Bo Hue with sliced beef only (Bun Bo Nam?).  It's not the authentic experience with hock ,liver, tripe, etc, however, it was still super delicious.  One thing I do wish they had were some apps to compliment the soup, like spring rolls or papaya salad.  But I understand.  I can never go back to Pho now.First, lemme start by saying their hours are absurd! They're not actually open until 7, so call. Every time I call its different. The ONE time we were able to go its because they were taking their last table at 6:15 (which was their latest). 
This pho is unlike any in philly, in a good way. Since going to Vietnam, I have serious issues finding pho that isn't entirely bland. Order the Bun Bo Hue and you wont be disappointed. Its pretty flavorful and they have plenty of the spice works on the table to add some more heat. Be careful about getting broth in your eyes. You may laugh but both of us eating did it! And I was wearing mascara down my face. Ok, it is funny, now. 
Cash only.One of the best spots to get BBH in Philly. This hole in the wall is a gem for those who know about it because they're getting the best BBH that isn't made by their mother. The place is kind of small so if you're going during lunch time on a Saturday or Sunday, it can be a little packed and you may have to wait a little bit but it's worth it. The prices are slightly higher than a Pho restaurant at $10 for a small bowl fully loaded or $12 for a large bowl. Service is quick and efficient as well, they speak English so no worries if you don't know the language. Just say you want a small or large bowl of Bun Bo Hue!
If you like BBH and haven't gone here yet, it is 100% a must try. You will be satisfied, please take my word for it.I've heard really good things about Cafe Diem, so I decided to go on one of the coldest day so far in Philly. I ordered the regular bun bo hue, which came out really fast. It was spicy, hot, and definitely warmed me up quickly. The noodles were perfectly cooked, the beef was really tender, and the broth was really flavorful. It was well worth the trip in the cold. 10/10 I highly recommend!Amazing. I came here with my Vietnamese-American friend who promised me really good Bun Bo Hue and it did not disappoint at all. My family is from Thailand and the moment I stepped in I thought "this smells like Southeast Asia" and knew it would be legit. The broth is perfect and the meat is tender. The owner is also from Hue I was told. Don't miss this place if you're looking for authentic delicious Bun Bo Hue!If I need a carb fix and don't feel like getting Pho, this is my go to joint.  The BBH is spicy, savory, and like $9.00.  They also have bubble tea which is also delish!  The service is fast and the atmosphere is no frills. I highly recommend!Not sure how I missed this one. May be it is next door to that aweful duck place. Anyway went in early morning and order three things, BBH, chicken pho, and vet coffee. BBH was right on, coffee is strong like no place else, the chicken pho is so so, I  won't order it again. the meat is chewy so I thought great, free range. But it didn't really tast that good. Not bad though. One highlight, the music. You know most if these vet restaurant always play that whimical surapy stuff. Cafe diem was playing tran at 8 in the morning. 
Menu is small but who cares if the food is good.My local friend suggested this place, and boy! It was good!
I just moved to the East coast from California, so my standard for Viet food was super high, and I was skeptical about this place. I was even more skeptical because their side veggies didn't look like what was supposed to go with BunBo (they served a standard Pho side veggies), but after my first sip of their soup, all my doubts were washed away.
From my first sip, I could tell the soup was extracted from the fatty broth of the beef, making the soup even more savory and thick. Adding the spiciness for satay made the soup even more flavorful. Basically their soup was on point, and up to standard.
The noodles were ok. The meat was great! They gave me a generous portion of meat combinations, for just a small bowl of Bun Bo. Even though my bowl was a small bowl, I had a lot of meat towards the end, more meat than noodles at the the end.
The combination of meat toppings was great too. I had ham hock, beef shanks, pork, at least 5 pieces of pork patties, and at least 2 pieces of tendon, so A LOT of meat.
Maybe they didn't want to shy away from the renowned cheese steaks shops nearby (Pat's and Geno's), so they made the beef slices really tasty and gave generous portions of beef slices haha.
Overall great BUN BO. 
$10 for a deluxe small bowl.You probably come here for bun bo hue, bbh, beef soup, whatever you call it. But dont forget to try out their banh cuon, steamed rice cake filled with minced mushrooms and pork. They usually dont have it during weekdays, correct me if im wrong, but weekends they usually have it. A must try dish!!My parents are in love with their Bun Bo Hue here. The staff is very friendly and nice but the people that come in and out of there are very rude and loud.This place had the hands down best bbh I've ever tried. I've tried a couple bbh at other places but nothing compares to this place. It's cash only and gets really crowded on the weekends.
If you cant handle how spicy their bbh is, get none spicy. Just a warning, if you do order with no spice, expect it to be a little spicy at least! I'm not sure if they make a huge pot of soup thats a little spicy and add more spice later, but every single time I get it with no spice, its expected to be a little bit spicy. I go here so many times that I'm fine with it but just a warning for those that are new to the place. They also serve fresh beansprouts, lime, fresh herbs on the side so you can add on to the bbh. Another plus, is that they serve iced tea (Not your typical american iced tea, its asian tea. Not too sure what kind it is) instead of water! 
Their viet coffee and lime soda is really good as well! My go-to spot whenever I crave for bbh! Staff is very friendly as well.Day trip to Philadelphia from NYC. First stop!! Viet food is better in Philadelphia. 
This place is known for their bun bo hue. It was yummy. They serve it in two sizes. You can have small or large. The soup is a clear broth. The bun bo hue dish comes with pork bones, slices of beef and Viet ham (if you order the special). 
I also had the pho. The soup was not good for the pho.  It tasted sweet. I've had it from here before and it wasn't sweet. I don't know what happened today.#1 best Bun Bo Hue and 2nd best quality pho (my #1 is currently Cafe Nhan). This place has a slight edge over Cafe Nhan with their slightly larger quantity of food. If it's your first time and you like spicy food I recommend the Bun Bo Hue. If you aren't a big fan of spicy food I recommend the Pho (beef noodle soup). I appreciate the cold tea this place and Cafe Nhan serve that most other pho restaurants around the area don't and rather only offer hot tea.  The cold tea really helps reset your taste buds and cools down those spices! Cash only, enjoy!I didn't think this place was as amazing as it's made out to be. I thought the soup was pretty bland, but I guess it's the best BBH you'll find around here. The price reflects the portion size.I work in a food supermarket in south Philly, and their owner comes to the market everyday to get the freshest meat and other food materials. I went to check out his restaurant today and I have to say their BBHs are definitely to die for! I wish they do delivery because I live so far away from it...I don't often review on Yelp. However, bun bo Hue at this restaurant is a must try!! It is very delicious, and has a lot of meat as well. Worth every penny and every mile I drive. Definitely come back moreeeGreat place for Bun Bo Hue, and while I am and not Vietnamese, I have had my share of Vietnamese food from home cooked by my mother in-law to all over LA area and I know this place is good.Best bun bo hue in the city for me. I've tried BBH at almost every location in philly (Cafe Nhan, Cafe Mi Quang, Cafe Saigon, Thanh Thanh) but I always end up going back to Cafe Diem when I have a choice. The broth is perfect, more on the salty/spicy side, which is probably why I like it more than the other places. My body can't really digest spicy food as well anymore so I usually get a stomachache after I eat here... but it's okay - it's worth it. The place is small, not great for groups and parking can be difficult sometimes. Cash only!Hole in the wall place but the inside is renovated and they play some loud thumping Vietnamese techno music which I'm not a fan of but I can get past that to order the bun bo hue here.  I got the large spicy special which comes packed with all types of meat.  The peppers they add are really spicy so if you can't handle spice, you can also order it not spicy.  I also tried the pho here and it's pretty good but I'd come back for that bun bo hue.Best Bon Bo Hue EVER. I'm from NYC and overtime I come to philly i have to hit this spot for a meal AND bring 3 orders home to feed me for a few days. Its so good. Their soup is flavorful and got me licking the bowl after! (not really... BUT ACTUALLY THOUGH). 
Its a tiny spot thats a little funky cause they play Viet pop music and have disco lights on the ceiling. Their bathrooms are so small i had to sit sideways. BUT its ok cause their BBH is off the CHAIN.The Bun Bo Hue is very good, and also quite spicy. I prefer to not get it with pig feet and add in the Vietnamese pork roll instead. The noodles are a great texture and the broth is very tasty.If you like spicy bun bo hue, then you'll probably be  happy here. They do serve non-spicy bun bo hue, however, if you absolutely cannot handle spicy, bring milk. As for spicy bun bo hue, all I can say it may make you break a sweat...or two. I didn't eat it so that's just based on observation.
So the restaurant is small and the most you can squeeze is 9-10 people at the same table. If you have a larger party, then you'll probably be splitting up.
I knocked on the ladies restroon door and was immediately answered by knocks from within. The ladies single restroom was occupied. I believe it was the owner/manager, he graciously said that I could use the men's room.
My first visit to the men's room.
Guys, you're gonna have to sit down for this one. It's a tight space. Not a urinal, just a toilet. Nice and clean too. Didn't see any paper towels after you're done with your business though.
Cash only.Excellent Bun Bo Hue. Their menu is already limited, so I didn't appreciate that they ran out of one of the items, but the BBH did not disappoint. Service is slow, and the place is tiny so don't come with a large group.This place always full for lunch. 
Very small place. 
They don't have a lot menu & all seems the same. 
Well, the top 2 for me are, Bun Bo Hue. But I like with egg noodle than the white/rice noodle too slippery with chopstick lol. 
And the second is the Bahn Cuon, rolled & meat inside. 
The chicken noodle soup was fine but nothing special.They make a solid bun Bo hue. They have other things you can order off the menu but people come here for the bun bo hue. I enjoyed my bowl but it tasted different than what I am use to but it was still good. The noodles are really slippery so it causes a big splashy mess and small little red dots appear on your clothes. It was $8 per bowl so I think they increased prices. Most of the items on their menu was $8. They may be cash only too. Not sure. Don't park in the lot across the street. Apparently they will tow you (according to the owner). The place is small and they cram a lot of tables in there so expect to have a conversation with the strangers next to you. Or at least know what they are talking about. LolBun Bo Hue Guru!!!
I came here on Friday 11/15/13 and I was under the weather. My hair stylist suggested that I place an order of Bun Bo Hue to go. I did exactly just that and I'm not saying that it has healing powers but it was exactly what I needed. The broth was so delicious and the noodles was so different from pho noodles. 
The spice was the perfect doze of what I needed to clear my sinus. I cannot wait to come back and actually eat inside and explore the menu. I look forward to revisiting here and I have a feeling that this will be my new favorite Vietnamese spot in the city.Nested on a busy street corner in Bella Vista, I felt the anticipation build up of what was voted by many as the best Bum Bo Hue. My friend from NY was visiting and her husband had texted her the things to try in Philly 3 days before.  Since the day was cold, and she was hopping back on a Peter Pan to NY later in the evening, BBH sounded like want was needed to hit the spot.  
Indeed it did! The BBH was perfectly balanced. We ordered a side of spicy sauce and the Umami flavors just tantalized all our taste buds. One of my friends ordered the Pho Dac Biet Small and we were actually more blown away by the Pho. This place is a Must Go.Really loved this place and unfortunately it is much better than my go to place in Houston! Nicely flavored, meat was tender and broth was light. It tasted homemade and not overly salty. Had the small, which was filling and worth the quick trek (came right from NYC to try this place). Friendly staff, a bit small inside, but service is quick. Cash only!Cafe Diem hands down probably offers the most authentic Bun Bo Hue in Philly! It could be a little spicy so if you're not too confident abt your tolerance i would definitely ask for a "NO chilly" bowl. They also have really good bánh cun and h tíu khô if you're up for a change :)the bun bo hue here is NOOOO joke!! delicious! but also authentically SPICY!! thank goodness i ordered a mild! and that was still spicy! ...edible spicy... on the other hand, my poor bf wanted the full experience and he was sweating like a fountain! he really underestimated the level of spiciness here.  all the other diners seem fine.  so i guess we were the weakest links here... 
most of the things on the menu were $8.  they also offer regular pho and rice dishes.  unfortunately, we did not see the deep fried spring rolls which i was craving at the time.. but no biggie, every other viet joint has it but this one specializes in the bun bo hue which is even more awesome :]This place is the best I used to come here after school for some awesome and delicious Vietnamese hoagie and bun buo hue. The place is very calm and soothing where u can enjoy your food in peace. Also the workers here are so nice. For an asian I tried out a lot of places but this place has the best food for a cheap price.Going to this little restaurant was my first time trying Vietnamese food, and I am happy to say I was far from disappointed. It is a small eatery as I had previously mentioned, but that quality lends to its charming homey feel.
Since it's family run, they try very hard to provide good service which I definitely appreciate. One of my favorites are the spicy beef soup (about $7.50 so the price is very decent). It is just so tasty and flavorful, you will want to order another one. 
I always suggest this place when friends and I are trying to figure out where to go eat, and anyone new to Philly, I take them there as well. Not one person has come out that place not liking what they had.
5 Stars is an understatement!I been here a few times and like everyone else I get the Bun Bo Hue. It is good and keeps you warm during the cold months. The place is small hole in the wall and it's cash only but great food and inexpensive so I can't complain. My friends love it and I am happy to come back.Newly renovated, and better than ever. It is modern, clean, friendly, and more open than before. But it is still the same price, taste, spicy, and magnificent bowl of Bun Bo Hue. 
I share the same sentiments as many veterans/survivors of Cafe Diem, and that is we wish we never wrote a review on the place now its becoming such a hot spot! I really need to talk to the owner about expanding or putting another branch somewhere larger and closer to my house... Like next door?
P.S.
If anyone works for the liquor control board, you should slip their name in as the approved category for a liquor license.... Some 333/Saigon/Tiger would make me rent the room upstairs for life...I thought I had found my favorite bun bo hue (BBH) on Oregon Ave. I was wrong! Cafe Diem make the best BBH in the city, hands down. What makes it so good is broth, noodles, meat, and chili peppers. Many Vietnamese restaurants excel in one of those areas, but Cafe Diem's version of the dish outshines all of them. 
Any time you need a good, hot, and spicy bowl of beef noodle soup, head to Cafe Diem. It's great for the winter and right next to a free parking lot!Ok, so I would've gave a 5 if it wasn't because we were told we can only order takeout when there was still half an hour left til closing. I mean, you probably would've made more than $10 from my boyfriend and I if you let us stay and eat, and I can promise that we won't take longer than 15 minutes. But because of that, you only get $10 from us and no tip, sad.
Other than that, the Bun Bo Hue here is quite addicting. Pretty much what they're known for and all the rave about it is actually true. As I was reading through the reviews on Yelp, barely anyone mentioned that it was spicy, like really numbing spicy. I had to empty majority of the peppers and chili oil that was settled on the top of my takeout container which was nearly 1/3 of a regular coffee cup. Noodles were cooked really well, had that nice bouncy texture and it's not your average rice noodle - it's a cross between a skinny udon and spaghetti. 
Come to think of it, I'm quite glad that I had to take it to go since I'm sure I'll be making a fool out of myself eating there while skimming the spicy part out. But, I will eat it again. If you must know, they don't use lemongrass here in their broth (odd for me since I was brought up eating it with that) and the beef brisket was sliced really thin which makes soaking up the broth really easy. A must visit in Philly.Cafe Diem is known for their infamously spicy noodle soup or in vietnamese, Bun Bo Hue. My family and I are pretty much regulars here just for that specialty. It's a little dine in spot tucked in between businesses on 8th and Washington. The place is small and seating is limited so be prepared to wait when its busy.
It comes in two serving sizes, small or large. I always get the small and seem to find it very well generously portioned because I tend to never finish my bowl. Also asked for mild and it's spicy as is and I don't need to make any adjustments. As well as fresh condiments on the side to add.This is a great little hole in the wall!  Normally when I have a hankering for vietnamese food I head over to Nam Phong but we decided to change it up a bit and try something on the other side of Washington Ave.  When we first walked in there was no one in the restaruant but the staff was friendly and did a nice job of making recommendations (get the first dish on the menu, something with minced meat stuffed in a white thick noodle).  After we ordered I went to the bathroom to wash my hands and when I came out the restaurant was filled with barely an open seat.  Apparently every local person eats here and I can see why.  The prices are cheap and the soup portions are very generous.  The pho looked good but the star of this place is the spicy beef soup.  I loved the thick noodle and the spice in the broth.  It definitely delivered on its spicy promis.  Everyone was ordering the spicy beef soup and as usual after a trip to Philly, I waddled out of there.  So if you are looking to change it up and want something other than just traditional Pho, give this place a try.  And definitely leave room for that meat and noodle dish with the fried onions...so yummy!For a restaurant that specializes in bun bo hue, i was disappointed.  First of all, just like pho, BBH is about the fixings- where was the banana grass and shredded cabbage?  Basil and bean sprouts are for pho.  Speaking of which, the pho was sadly just as disappointing.  The broth was ok, but the meatballs had freezer burns.  Over all the flavors were ok.  The quantify of meats were generous.  The service was typical.  Not worth writing home about or revisiting.It's decent, but definitely not the best in Philly. I also find the price range to be a little high, esp for the area they are in.
Pluses of the dish are - beef not fatty, pork knuckles were cooked perfectly (not too soft, and not too hard where I feel like I might yank out a tooth trying to get the meat/skin off), spicy, and the cha lua tasted fresh.
Lacking - noodles were a tad over cooked, no pork blood, and needed more lemongrass.
It's a lil restaurant, so if you go during peak times, prepare to wait. Sometimes, even non peak times you will wait as well, but the food does come out very fast. Except for pho... my husband ordered this and it took forever!!!! Definitely not a place to go if you are ordering anything but bun bo hue.There are a few places that make Bun Bo Hue right and this place nails it. They even make a mild version. The place is small, so don't sneeze or you might topple the customer behind you. 
Special note: my GF gives their bubble tea top ratings and even made me run back in, to get the empty cup, so that she can pick out the remaining bubbles.Ok, this restaurant is wonderful.  It is a no-frills restaurant, but that's okay because their specialty--soup--is to die for.  Really, it is probably the best spicy soup I have ever had.  And in South Philly, that's quite a statement because of the numerous Vietnamese restaurants in the area!  The spicy soup is fabulous on a winter day, but I must admit that I go to Cafe Diem during the summer too, because it is too delicious!BBH. Also, known as the Best Bowl of Heaven. Once you order, your food will come out in five minutes. The best bowl of soup, noodles, and beef in Philadelphia. Great for winter time. Great to just eat and chat away. And great for the soul.This place has fantastic Bun Bo Hue! I'm from SoCal and live close to Little Saigon aka Westminster and have been to all the bun bo hue places around.
So, it was quite a shocker on finding such a place that had THE best bbh. It's the broth with its beefy flavor and exact amount of spiciness along with the noodles that they use making it the perfect marriage of noodles and broth. The meat that they provide is good, although they lack cha and other types of items that would normally be served in the SoCal locations. 
The prices were stellar a few years back, but due to demand and supply, they increased the prices for a large bowl to $9. Still justifiable, but I can't see myself ordering many $10 bowls of bbh when I can get a bigger portion for $6.95 in the OC. 
It's definitely worth making the trip if you're in Philly and there's a huge parking lot nearby, which is FREE, that's right, there's some rare free parking in Philly. 
Their other dishes like their banh canh isn't too shabby either. Give a place a try especially on a cold day because you'll definitely enjoy the soup/broth to warm you up!Hearty and delicious Bun Bo Hue. I did get a little bit of a headache afterwards. I do not know if this was because of MSG or a little more salt than what I am used to. Perhaps I am a glutton for punishment (or just a glutton), but I shall return!So I've been hearing that this place has the best BBH, and I must say that I absolutely agree! My boyfriend was craving something spicy so I suggested we come here. He said it was exactly what he needed. I love spicy food and this soup gave me a runny nose. I also had their hu tieu which isn't so bad. I also wanted to try their banh cuon, but they were sold out. Seating is limited and it's a little tough to find parking. All in all food was delicious and service was great!This is our go-to place for excellent BBH. Nowhere else compares. If we're craving it, we come straight here even though the drive is pretty far from where we live.
Service is very quick but the place is extremely small so the wait for tables will be long. However, that is during peak hour on the weekends. There is practically no wait after 2PM.Hands down Cafe Diem is my favorite spot in Philly to get a hot bowl of bun bo hue. Even on a hot summer day, ill eat bun bo hue from here. My girlfriend and her husband brought me here for the first time last year, and I've been back about a dozen times. 
This place is definitely a hole in the wall. I'm warning you now. It is very small, but the food comes out instantly and it is amazing! We've brought little kids here as well, and they are very accommodating. 
I love this place!Large Bun Bo Hue is now $10. The place is redecorated. It no longer looks like a Vietnamese restaurant and now looks like a Viet-Cali restaurant. I think it's still a good value and after trying a lot of mediocre BBH, i would say it is the best BBH in Philly.I haven't dined here so my review is biased. I walked in to experience some summer rolls and pho and the menu was super tiny and so was the restaurant! I believe this place is known for their bon bo hue so I wouldn't recommend coming here with a big group or coming to enjoy a plethora of Vietnamese soup. Cuisine is very limitedI come in from New York from time to time to see friends, hangout, etc, and every time I come, I have to eat here. And every time I leave, I think about this bowl of spicy pho, how delicious it tastes. The broth is so good, and they give generous amounts of meat. I just wish they didn't close so early. I personally don't have a problem with the spiciness of the food, but my friend always get it less spicy, so that's an option if you don't think you can handle the heat =PThis place makes some diem good soup noodles. Though I should warn you - Definitely do not come here if you hate delicious broth, bountiful meat, and delightfully slurpable noodles. Definitely not.
Café Diem specializes in bun bo hue (spicy beef noodle soup), and they sure do it justice. Let's be clear, bun bo hue is NOT "spicy pho", so don't come in expecting such. The two differ in noodle type (round vermicelli vs. clear rice noodles), meats (beef and pork vs. just beef cuts), and spices (lemongrass vs. cinnamon and cloves), amongst other things.
The bun bo hue packs in a lot of flavor and they do not skimp on the meat - though, be prepared if pig feet is not your thing. As delicious as it is, the broth could stand to be spicier, and I actually prefer some more grated lemongrass for texture, but that's just me. Ambiance and customer service isn't really a thing here (which is just the way I like my tasty Asian joints!). Bring cash, and be aware that they close really early.
Best bun bo hue around. Come here to impress your Vietnamese friends, or when you're jonesing for some spice in your soup!Bun Bo Hue.  Say it with me now, bun bo hue.  
It's good but wasn't quite as spicy as expected.  Service was sold and portions were fair, but the price seemed slightly high.  Enjoy with good company, just remember it is cash only.Whenever I'm in the mood for some bun bo hue this is definitely the go to place. They have the best ones in Philly. The best part is you can choose your level of spicy. You can get a small for $8.50 or if you feeling a little hungry go for the large which s $10. I've also had the chicken noodle soup with fresh mushroom but keep in mind the chicken noodle soup has bone so if you don't like having bone or pieces of bones in your soup then stick with their bun bo hue since that's what they known for anyways.My favorite place to get banh cuon (a vietnamese rice cake dish with pork and mushroom fillings serves with nuoc mam and gio). The banh cuon is so fresh and the flavor is just right. The bun bo hue here is equally good which is what the place is known for. However, I always get the banh cuon here and always leave with a happy tummy! The owner is very friendly and this place is cash only but there is an ATM inside. The restaurant is pretty small so if you come during peak hours, expect to wait for table but I can guarantee the wait is totally worth it!!Best bun bo hue! The broth is delicious--and even the small bowl is packed with yummy noodles and tons of meat. Love it!5 stars to the Bun Bo Hue! If you are hungry and in the mood for some tasty noodle soup (spicy or non-spicy), this place has the best in town. Place is pretty small but food is served quickly to compensate. Closed on Tuesdays.Okay, so I was on a Vietnamese food crawl and came here for their Bun Bun Hue - don't get it. It's not spicy at all and pretty bland.
Not the best and so, I really don't get the big deal about this place.
Thanh Huong in NJ is the best I ever had.
https://www.yelp.com/biz/thanh-huong-restaurant-jersey-cityDrove all the way here from New York just for their Bo Bun Hue. Compared to all the places I've tried in New York. Bo Bun Hue from this place is the BEST! 
Their Banh Cuon is very yummy also. You can taste the filling inside, and it's not dry.
Definitely will be back for their Bun Bo Hue!Flavorful broth, and the right noodle texture. We enjoyed everything about our bun bo hue dish.Hands down one of the best places to eat if you want specific vietnamese dishes. The top three dishes I order here are the bun bo hue, bun bo nam, and coum soun (grilled pork w rice). It is unbelievably good.  Sometimes they don't offer the coum soun because it takes a long time to cook but when they say ok its a go! This place is a hidden gem so only take your partner here if you're sure they're with you for good. You don't want any awkward exchanges in this tiny restaurant if you guys bump into each other. The coconut drink is also delish and one of the strongest viet iced coffee I've tasted.My first visit but definitely not my last. My first BON BO HUE ever, and most DEFINITELY not my last.
I love noodle soup, and kind.. pho, taiwanese noodle soup.. i love it all. So I was beyond excited to try this new noodle soup I've never had. I decided to skip out on the pigs blood and pigs knuckles, although my mom would be happy to have them in her soup when I take her here.
The noodles are cooked perfectly. the BROTH MAKES IT. It's delicious, flavorful, doesn't taste too msg-y if at all. The meat is tender, everything is just perfectly flavorful and was definitely not too spicy for me. Twas perfect and I could eat it again tomorrow..
Price is meh $8 for a small if I recall, but it was yummmm :)place is small, service is okay. i thought the food was a little too salty. it was my first place trying bun bo hue so i can't speak for how good it is etc, but was slightly taken aback by the taste. not a place if you're looking for pho or the usual mainstream vietnamese food.Wow! i was one of the first people who reviewed this place! Now they are famous for my favorite noodle soup! Sometimes,  I wish I never drew attention to this place almost 5 years ago! I went back today  after a conference during lunch and they've completely renovated the place really nicely! The esthetics are much more pleasing but best of all.. the food quality hasn't changed a bit!  Too bad they didn't have my pork chops! ( best charbroiled porkchops I've ever had) so I got my next favorite which is of course their claim to fame.. BBH ! ( took 3 for takeout too) 
I spoke to the owner's son in the past, a marketing consultant who worked with my husband at GSK. He said their mission is to provide the best quality food for their customers. Today, I realized they stayed true to themselves by staying at their  tiny original location. They chose quality over quantity.. I very much admire their philosophic way of thinking.. Usually, when restaurant owners get a little notoriety, they want to expand and and focus on maximizing revenue. I guess thats not what they stand for..  Too bad I live in Hoboken, NJ with two small children so frequent trips to Philadelphia  is no longer an option. Best wishes to them!If this was the first or last bon bo hue you will leave smiling. Cannot describe how good this dish is in this small and no pretenses cafe. This dish is what most of the clientele come for - eat in or take out. No regrets - even if we had to drive all the way from NJ. There is free 2-hour municipal parking a block away. Restaurant is small and spartan, but clean. Service is efficient.Bun Bo Hue. Bun Bo Hue. Bun Bo Hue.
Not the best ever... but the best i've found outside of my momma's kitchen.A nice little spot tor lunch or dinner. The bun Bo hue soup is amazing. I'm craving it right now
... don't expect crazy good service or an exquisite atmosphere.  Its really your type of Asian shop and all that matters is how good the food is.Come one, come all, to the best Bun Bo Hue on earth!! 
This place is secluded, not the easiest to get to, and definitely away from the hustle and bustle of Chinatown, but it's worth it, I promise! Make sure you get the combo with pate, tendon and pork feet. It's perfection. The broth is incredibly mild, but also so flavorful. I've had BBH many times, but never had it like this. Their drinks are also great, and you could easily stuff yourself to the gullet while only paying a very small bill. I think this place is absolutely worth the trip of the beaten path, and would highly recommend to Viet food lovers out there! 
A little tip- they do stop selling BBH when they run out for the day to eliminate food waste, so I would recommend getting here a bit early if you can to avoid missing out.Bun bo hué.... I don't always eat it but when I do, I make sure it's from cafe diem. What they say is all true, this is definitely the best in Philly. It's spicy but not overwhelming. 8 dollars for a meat packed bowl of fantastic noodles. Add just 2 dollars to it and you can get a large !!
Interior is decent and seems renovated and clean. Better than your average Vietnamese restaurant. Seats about 30 ppl. Great service from a small and friendly staff!People rave about the Bún bò Hu, but I decided to change it up a bit and get the chicken soup. It was a great traditional chicken noodle soup - perfect for if you are feeling a little under the weather. The broth is made with chicken parts (and there are chicken parts in the dish too), and is filled with noodles and veggies. You wouldn't expect a restaurant like this to thrive next to the powerhouse of the Italian Market, but it does an incredible job and it's dishes.By far the best Bun Bo Hue in the Philadelphia/South Jersey area. They asked me if I preferred the broth spicy and as a spicy food fanatic I happily said yes. It was mouth burning spicy, but the broth was so sweet and savory! It kinda reminded me of Soho's spicy wings so if you are not into capsaicin then skip the spicy option. Be sure to go on a week day because parking was scarce.First things first, everything is relative. You have to consider where you are at and what else you're dealing with.  
In Philadelphia, there aren't many good Asian restaurants let alone good Vietnamese food.  Cafe Diem, for instance, does the job if you're craving for some Vietnamese food.  
Some people crave chocolate, other ice cream, well I crave Bun Bo Hue.  On my last visit in Philly, my friend took me to Cafe Diem to fulfill this uncontrollable craving.  We ordered the following:
1.  Bun bo hue
2.  Mi bo kho
The bun bo was decent. Had good flavor and a healthy portion. I wouldn't say it's the best bun bo I've had but it was pretty good.  The mi bo kho was pretty good too.  It's a family owned business and the lady serving us was really friendly and nice.  They welcomed us with open arms.  
Those of you in Philadelphia looking for some good homemade Vietnamese, I'd totally recommend Cafe Diem.My girlfriend is a huge fan of bon bo hue so we had to come to the best place for that. She's viet so her family knows the perfect places. This was one of their suggestions, and boy were they right! The flavor of their soup is delicious and would only dissapoint if you weren't looking for authentic viet food. We drove all the way from NY and I would do it again just for their bon bo hue.Omg f***ing God! This place is so amazing. The BUN BO HUE is so amazing. My very first time having it and I'm in love.Very tight place & It is always busy. But it is definitely worth the try. Their menu is very limited. They specialize in bun bo hue & this is the best place for it! I seriously enjoy everything about this dish. The broth is extremely flavorful. Also try the da chanh (limeaid) it is pretty good with the bun bo hue.Cash only. Please come here for the Bun bo Hue. The broth is so delicious and has such a good amount of spice. You can definitely tell that they spend hours making the beef bone stock for it. It's literally the first item on their menu too.
I also tried their pho. There's just places that do it better. Their broth is greasy and tastes too sweet. I also get the impression too that there is too much star anise maybe because it has a bitter after taste. The meatballs are solid though, but I think they are supermarket and not house made. Right up the street is Pho 75. If you're craving pho, I haven't found a place that does it better than there. However, I think this is our BBH spot.Definitely best bun bo hue (spicy beef noodle soup) in all of Philly! 
This is one of my all-time favorite vietnamese meals ever so I'm super super picky about my BBH. Their soup here is scorching hot without being too oily or sweet which the other BBH in Philly tends to be. The portion is really generous, too. I normally can finish a large bowl but a small is just fine for me here. It definitely brings me back to home where BBH is cooked by my mom sometimes once a week and reminds me of sitting on those tiny stools on the streets of VN eating this for breakfast. Don't forget to add the basil and herbs (leave out the stems)-- it's a must for BBH! Though I admit I still pick out my onions sometimes.
I love that they open early and can accommodate all party sizes. You'll see people eating alone or even groups of 7+ like we did after our 5k color run. Been here twice now and each time was a great experience. We almost wanted to come back for dinner.. that's just me though I can eat noodle soup 24/7 :)
Only negatives are that it can be MSG/sodium heavy overall leaving you thirsty and a little lethargic after. A place back home in California somehow has the perfect recipe to prevent this (An Nam).
Cash only and they have a small assortment of icy drinks to cool down your palette (awesome iced coffee, rau ma: yum, super fresh, coconut juce: way too sweet) if iced water/tea isn't enough.
I love my hole in the wall's and this place is definitely on the cleaner and better service side of your typical hole in the wall establishments. Love it!Cafe Diem is a small cozy place serving some of the best Bun Bo Hue that I have tried, outside of my mom's brilliant home-cooking. Even the small bowls are big and generous amounts of meat. The brisket were thinly sliced, amazing. The tendon consistency was on point, not too stretchy and no too gooey. The pigs feet, at least this time around, could have benefited from some more time simmering to soften them up a bit. They are usually really good and falls apart in your mouth. 
No complaints here really. The broth really makes a good Bun Bo Hue and they got it right. Although I suspect some MSG from the lighter coloration of broth, they managed to make it tasty with a heap amount of heat from the crushed peppers. Another small place serving great foods. I always return for the cheap prices as well ($7.50 for a small with all).Best bun bo hue. I tried it for the first time last week and it was simply delicious. I've been craving it every day ever since and I went again today, definitely just as amazing as the first time around. If you're like me, you'll order the large regular. But if you're like most people, you'll have a hard time drinking the soup because of the peppers, so what you can do is get the spicy on the side. The small is $8 and the large is $9, so go with the large! I mean they have other food in the menu, but I know that every time my friends and I come here, we ALWAYS only order that. That bowl is endless, or at least it feels like it. There is so much meat and noodles in there! Definitely keep my stomach happy(: 
The restaurant itself is tiny. One of those hole in the wall type of restaurant and has a feel of a home cooking. I'm not even sure if it even has a bathroom. But their delicious bun bo hue and their adorable tea cups has me coming back for more. 
Speaking of which, I'm craving it again right now! Mmmm if only they open this late...I can't believe I haven't review this place yet! This place has the best Bun Bo Hue I've ever had! I am from a city where at least 90% of the population is Vietnamese so I had very high expectation of Cafe Diem and it did not disappoint. Please don't get anything else here except the Bun Bo Hue. I first came here about 6 years ago and the flavor is still the same.. delicious, flavorful, spicy and a good well balanced broth. If you don't like pig's blood or pig's feet, just ask for ALL meat. If you want it to be very spicy, just ask for extra pepper on the side. This place is VERY small so don't expect it to be fancy or anything. In terms of pricing, I'd have to say that it became more expensive than it used to  be, but of course it is expected. A large bowl now is 9 dollars and a small bowl is 7 dollars. I remember when it was only 6 dollars for a large bowl! but that was 6-7 years ago......
By the way, they are closed on Wednesdays!Best bun bo hue in Philly. The only downfall is the place is very small and finding parking outside is also terrible however their food is worth it.I ordered the spicy BBH Dac Biet and the broth looked very light in color with red peppers sprinkled on top but it was quite tasty..most importantly, it was not too salty. The pork and beef were very tender It came with all the fixins' and they were definitely not stingy. 
They sold out of the buon cun. 
The location is small so a party more than 6 is pushing it.Cafe Diem is a great "hole-in-the-wall" kind of Vietnamese restaurant. Some days, it's so busy (and the place is so small) you may have to share tables with strangers. That's fine with me because their Bun Bo Hue is to die for! The broth is packed with flavor and it has just the right amount of spiciness to it. I believe you can order it "super spicy" too. There's SO MUCH delicious, tender, flavorful meat in the bowl. They never skimp even though the bowls are so inexpensive. 
10/10, I've never tried anything else on their menu but I'd recommend this place to anyone who wants to try delicious homemade Vietnamese Bun Bo Hue!One of the if not the best place for bùn bo hu.  ( besides my wife's)  The place is know for it. service is quick and friendly. Play is small so I suggest take out is better. I know they serve other things, I never try it. But bun bo hue is the only thing I get.To die for bun bo Hue ...until the MSG sinks in. It was a really tasty bowl of authentic bun bo Hue but the amount of MSG makes my neck feel pain and numb. Will not return because I'm MSG allergic.If you're ever craving a hot tasty spicy bowl of bun bo hue, get your butt to Cafe Diem. This is definitely my go-to place for bun bo hue. They've got it in the bag. The broth is deep in flavor, you can taste the lemon grass, sweetness of the beef bones that's been simmering in that broth for hours, spicyness of the saté, oh man it's so good it makes me cry or maybe the chili sauce makes me cry, I'm not sure. They've recently renovated the place so it looks a lot more inviting. I still wonder if they serve anything else because when you come in they don't give you a menu. Nonetheless, I can't help but to come back at least once a month in the winter.Coming for the bun bo hue, and wasn't entirely sold on it. I came for dinner around 5:30pm, and they ran out of a good chunk of their menu (like banh cuon, and just chicken and anything with chicken.) 
Bun bo hue had some good broth but none of the classic essentials like pig blood. All in all, I think it's alright but nothing to die for.
Cash only!Delish bun bo hue and cafe sua da!! Lots of thinly sliced meat and soooooooo tender, melt in your mouth bun Bo hue. Damn spicy too! Coffee is hella concentrated and strong. I'm sure I'm gonna be caffeinated all day! Lovely place to eat!!Even though I did not get the BBH, I am an instant fan.
Opted for the Banh Canh Ga Thoi (Fresh chicken soup w/needle noodles) 1st time I had these noodles & loved them! They are thicker, shorter rice noodles and have a great somewhat chewy consistency. The broth was perfectly savory. Reheated it to a boil w/jalapeños provided gave it a nice kick. As did the lime. Bean sprouts, some chopped herbs and such gave the slightly smokey scented broth great flavor. Came with 10 pieces of perfectly cooked & seasoned hunks of chicken breast on the bone.
Got it to go; was ready in about 5 minutes. This was a Friday @ noon. Last time I looked in was a Sat; this place gets packed! Predominately a small soup based menu. Food comes out fast as I observed. One family of 6 sat at a table, did not even have to order. Plates of bean sprouts,herbs, etc appeared within a minute!
Waitresses seem fast & efficeient. Told me to have a seat, and brought me a glass of tea? flavored water even though I was taking out. She was very petite and cute. Bit of a language barrier. Asked for hot sauce, and has to point to one on table. They gave me the sriracha-hoisin mix, which was perfect.
Would definitely return & get that soup again. Also the BBH w/ beef and Pho are must try's. I believe this food is real authentic, and also as another said, that everything on the menu is amazing.Love to explore delicious food in small shops. My friend took me here once and I fell in love with it ever since. Keep coming back. Love the soup!Crap crap crap!!!!! Okay I give alot of grace to small family run places but when a customer is not happy with their choice and asks for something else instead and then the customer gets an unbelievable hard time and then is told they will be charged for the uneaten, unwanted meal!!! REALLY!??!!  I curse this place!!!
Do not go here!!!I have to say, this is my favorite pho restaurant in Philly. As a Seattle native, I've come to be pretty picky when it comes to pho due to the saturation of delicious Vietnamese restaurants throughout the city. I was really missing good pho until we stopped by cafe diem recently. Great flavor, substantial portions, and decent prices! I will definitely return again soon! My only complaint is that they take cash only.I have the worst craving for Bun Bo Hue and heard that this place makes it the best aside from having it homemade from the Grand Parents. The place is very small and definitely has the look and feel of home cooking. The Bun Bo Hue here is definitely delicious and I would definitely recommend others to come here and try it out.I came here on a Sunday afternoon based on a friend's recommendation... I was disappointed. This spots known for their Bun Bo Hue... which I am not a huge fan of in the first place... so I expected this place to change my mind since my friend said it was sooo amazing. 
I do have to say that the broth was very tasty, it was the clearest Bun Bo Hue broth I have ever had... but because of that I feel it lacked alot of spice and flavor. They do not skimp on toppings, my bowl was filled with meats. My husband is a huge Bun Bo Hue fan and he was happy with his meal, so if you are already a fan I would recommend this spot. If you are on the fence or a picky eater like me then I would advise against it :P
Parking is a nightmare, I would recommend that you Uber if you can to save yourself a headache looking for a parking spot -_- Inside of the shop is pretty small, several tables jammed together... you are rubbing elbows with your neighboring table :P Staff were friendly and the food came out quickly :)I'll keep this brief......The only things you need to know is that Cafe Diem serves the absolute best Bun Bo hue and there's free 2 hr municipal parking up the block.
There...now you have no reason to not get over there...... Right now!I went to visit my brother because he relocated to Philly from Irvine, CA.  We decided to try some Vietnamese foods.  Bun Bo Hue is one of our favorite.  Everyone was talking Café Diem has the best Bun Bo Hue; therefore, I decided to give it a try.  
The food:  It was okay.  It was not fantastic.  It was not to die for.  
The service: Horrible and rude, especially the young skinny short girl.  
We came in with our parents.  They do not have table for four.  The young skinny short girl asked us to wait outside.  After a while, I saw some guests came out.  There was two small tables available. (which can only sit two).  I asked if we can take these tables because of my mom cannot stand for a long time.  The young skinny short service girl let out a big "sighhhh" as of she withdrew her last breath on her dead bed.  Unhappily to complied, she sat us down.
After we placed our orders and waited for our foods.  A table of four opened up.  Another lady servicer asked if we want to switch because we were talking cross from table to table.  Instantly, the young skinny short girl raised her voice from the kitchen and projected it all the way to front while waived her hand and said KHONG (aka NO).  The other lady back down right away.  I think this young skinny short girl either is the owner daughter or has been working here for a long time.
Maybe she is having a bad day or a prisoner inside these walls.  Her customer service skill is trash.  Her manner is zero.  She needs to get out and educate herself on how to behave and earn the respect.
I have never encounter a girl who screamed so loud from the kitchen to the front to deny a guest request.  Not even in freaking NYC but it happened in Philly?  We joked and said "there is first time for everything"  LOL
Apparently this is the only restaurant offer Bun Bo Hue in Philly.  In the land of the blind, the one-eyed man is king.  I hope you will get a better experience than I was.THIS PLACE - is outstanding. It's small, busy and the soups are awesome. I have never been to a place with so much "stuff" in the soups. It's not just toppings, it's innards with innards and feet and all sorts of stuffs. It's great. Great great great.This is the first time I've ever had bon bo hue, so I have nothing to compare it to. But it was amazing! I have decided to return again and again and again.
It's really a hole in the wall kind of place, so better not to take more than 4 people at the max. We sat down, and my friend ordered for me when the waitress approached us. I think they don't offer a menu, because this place is pretty much known for just its bun bo hue.
The food came out relatively quickly and I was surprised that there was a giant piece of pork hoc. I think next time, I could do without it. Also, if you're not a fan of tendon, you should ask to have that removed as well. The rest of the meat was unbelievably tender, and the broth had a great balance of sweet and savory and spicy. I think if you're not used to a great level of heat (i.e. can't eat kimchi), ask for it to be less spicy. The entire dish was filling, warming, and delicious.
This place is cash only, so make sure to bring bills!Literally the best bun bo hue in the east. Had a large bowl medium spicy. Full of flavor and the right amount of spice. This is my to go place for an authentic Vietnamese classic. Also try an order of their banh cuon, it is dynamite and freshly made to order.Best bun bo hue!!!!!! Hot, full of flavor, and yummy.   I have been coming here for years and am really impress with the updates in the restaurant!  The  bahn cuon is amazing tasted homemade.Cafe Diem is good, but not great. 
For a small hole in the wall place, it has about 5 tables and can accomodate about 15 people in the entire establishment. They are known for the Bun Bo Hue (BBH), but offer pho and some other noodle soup options. 
The soup base lacks the depth of flavor of a true home-cooked version, and their spiciness comes from their hot chili paste/oil, which they add according to your desired spice level. Compared to other BBH places, they do give a lot more meat, which is a plus for a lot of people. But for me, I'd rather have a more satisfying soup and other toppings. 
Honestly, if you're in the neighborhood and want something warm, this is great. Just make sure you have CASH and lots of room in your stomach!The bun bo hue is enough to keep me coming here. Prices for the quality are definitely worth it. Every single time I come here, I make sure I order one to go as well. It is probably the best bun bo hue you could find in the city. The veggies were a little off, but everything else was superb. With a place that is known for it's bun bo hue, who needs menus? They only serve a small variety, but I only had one other thing there, and that was just on the side.I ate lunch here 2 days ago and ordered the much lauded Bun Bo Hue. Several hours later, in the middle of my shift, I got a terrible case of food poisoning. I was sweating uncontrollably and had to run from my station to vomit. Afterwards I had a glass of water and about 15 minutes later had to vomit again.
The food was tasty going down but not so much on the way back up. The service was good, not neglectful but not overly bothersome either. I know this place has a great reputation, which is why I went there in the first place but the food-poisoning wasn't worth it. If you feel like rolling the dice, I've had worse meals...Best bun bo hue in Philly. This is my mother, father and I favorite stop every Monday morning. It is delicious. You have to come give this place a try.They have the best Bun Bo Hue in Philly. I usually take it to go where I can noisily digest the spicy goodness in the comfort of my own home.  
The large is $9. I usually split it in half and eat it for lunch and dinner. What I do to add an extra kick is to dice up fresh habanero and throw it in the broth when reheating. This is definitely not a noodle soup for those who can't handle the heat.My rating is only for their popular dish Bun Bo Hue. Cafe Diem is the only place I go to for this awesome dish. It has depth of flavors and is a great portion. If you are not a fan of pig's feet, like myself, just hand it over to a friend who does. The space is small and cozy which adds to it's charm and the experience.This place has been around since I can remember-- when there were few Asian places in South Philly. I know Cafe Diem is well known for their Bun Bo, which is super spicy and super good. However, I don't see what's the hype. I guess since I am Vietnamese and my family can cook most of the dishes served in Vietnamese restaurants, I have less of a craving for them when I am out. Also my sister is an amazing cook and so I do hold Vietnamese food I eat out at a very high standard. 
I recently came back here with a friend and saw that it has been renovated and is looking much newer in the inside. My friend ordered Bun Bo and I didn't know what to order since I wasn't giving a menu. But then I realized people just order what they know. I don't think they have menus? I ended up ordering Banh Cuon that was not good.
Anyway, not a bad place to eat but of course there are better choices on Washington. If you do decide to stop by, just order what they are known for.Good bun Bo hue. Must try if you're here. Beware and don't look in the kitchen- not so sanitary. That takes away a starCafe Diem is my go-to spot for their bun bo hue/nam.  They have a delicious pork chop rice dish - the best in philly (that they no longer make sadly). I used to go here every weekend with my sisters and order the bun bo hue with coconut juice and then leave with a vietnamese iced coffee. Service is quick and they are awesome.Love it, a vietnamese friend recommended.
small menu, a bit pricey, at least $10 a dish for a vietnamese dish is high, normally in New York it's $8 per bowl the max, but hey if it's great I wouldn't mind. 
Order the noodle with the pig feet, the spicy soup base of the bowl was great a subtle. There regular pho with beef is equally as good too if you can't take the spice. Can't wait to go back.I've only had the Bun Bo Hue here.  It is so good!  Spicy at first, but as you get used to it it gets better and better.  Amazing broth, tender juicy meat, chewy noodles, fresh herbs--couldn't be any better.  Probably my favorite soup in the city among all my favorites--over Pho 75, over Nan Zhou, over Sky Cafe, over Terakawa.  
The restaurant is clean and efficient and has a diverse crowd all eating soup.  Great coffee too.This is by far the best bun bo hue anywhere. I've eaten BBH on the east coast and the west coast, and this is the place to beat. The portion size is ginormous, which helps to justify the price point. The place is small so don't try to bring your guest here for a romantic dinner. It's a great fix if you guys just want to chill. 
They have other Vietnamese soups on the menu that are also good tasting and I have ordered them as well. However, it remains known for the BBH.I cant even describe how good their BBH (Bun Bo Hue) is. I always get the large spicy bowl with the Beef and tendon. I can't go back to eating just plain, old vanilla pho anymore after trying this. Hours are weird, they close early, and are cash only, but its so worth it for how much I love this placeI'm all about new foods but the number of "is that a glob of uncooked pink fat?" that I had to remove from my bun bo hue was just too high. The rest of the experience was really unpleasant as well. Like the other reviews said, they rush you out. Rushing out includes letting you know that they are closing early a half hour before they close early, and cleaning up all around you  with the music up way too loud.I was first introduced to this spot by a friend.  I have since brought a Vietnamese friend who was very homesick and had been on a search for some GOOD, authentic bun bo hue.  Needless to say, it was a very successful trip!  The banh cuon was great as well!I wasn't really satisfied the few times I went here and the last time they forgot the cheese and chips to my nachos. The one downtown is betterI can make bun bo Hue.  A very good one in fact, even my mom fully admits.  Trouble is, it takes an entire day and the house permeates the smell of rotting shrimp once the essential ingredient mam ruoc (fermented salted shrimp paste) hits the liquid.  Therefore, I must say Cafe Diem is undoubtedly the place I visit for bun bo Hue when I can't be bothered by any of that.  It has all the prerequisites of a good one with the sweet from pineapple, salty and savory, pungent of lemongrass, and loaded of red pepper flotsam.  Quarters are cramped, sometimes crowded, and HGTV continually plays on the television.  Eat quick and hustle to the Italian Market.Best Bon Bo Hue I have ever had, and I travel to southeast asia very often. Only complaint is that the hours are never predictable. I tried going back 4 separate times and each time they were closed. Def call before making the trip.My husband and I only get 2 things here at Cafe Diem: Bun Bo Hue and Mi Kho.  And let me just say....THEY ARE BANGIN'!!!  Bun Bo Hue at Cafe Diem is one of the best I've ever had in Philadelphia (besides my momma's of course) and their Mi Kho is on point. 
For those of you who don't know these dishes, let me give you a quick run down.  Bun Bo Hue is a spicy, lemongrass, rice-noodle soup with sliced beef (I think it's beef shank, but it reminds me of skirt steak) and pork knuckles.  Mi Kho is a dry egg-noodle dish, lightly cooked with sliced BBQ roast pork, shrimp and some vegetables.  It's served with a small bowl of broth on the side which you can mix in or drink on the side.  
Cafe Diem is definitely a hole in the wall type of place...extremely small and not the easiest to find, but if you're ever in the area, I highly recommend that stop in to fill your tummy and warm your soul :)Delicious Bun Bo Hue! $12 for a large, delicious soup, a lot of tendon and way too much meat, but who's complaining?(:I have to agree with everyone else, they seriously have the best Bun Bo Hue in Philly! I've also had their beef pho which is just as as equally amazing. The beef they use is sliced perfectly thin and never overcooked or tough. The broths are perfection..just the right amount of spiciness and so flavorful. I'm upset their renovations are taking longer than expected, I'm so deprived of their delicious noodle soups!This is the best place to get Bun Bo Hue.  It is on the top of my list when I think of "best of" places.  I've had BBH at many other establishments but then they always make me crave the BBH from Cafe Diem at the end of the day. 
The first time I came here I was excited because it's hole-in-the-wall and I wouldn't have found this without local Vietnamese people showing me this place.  They've only got about 5 tables in here and a very limited menu.  I always get the BBH.  And I always get the Large portion.
The price is cheap and the portions are very generous.  They will make it spicy like it should be and you get a great amount of meats and noodles. They'll use the pork foot which lets you know it's legit.  I don't know how else to describe it but the broth is excellent, the noodles and meat are great.  
This is delicious specifically for BBH.  Gotta find street parking or in the crowded public lot, but it's well worth it.  I always eat here when I'm in Philly and craving BBH.  Nowhere else has been able to match this taste.If you're looking for a spot in Philly for some good BBH, this is the spot to go to. Although it's not the best bbh i ever had but it's one of the two spots in Philly that i go to to get my fix in. The soup is a bit bland but everything else is pretty good from the noodles and to the beef. Price range for the bowl is a bit high for the portion but it's whatever. It's a pretty small spot in south Philly and service was okay.Incredible! I LOVE this place. I have been coming for years and I am so happy they remodeled. Though the food has always been great, esthetics where seriously lacking. Now, the great decor is a much better reflection on the cuisine. It is delish, quick, simple and easy. Every time it hits the spot. You MUST try it![Food Poisoning]
I came in for lunch on 10/19/18. Hadn't eaten dinner the night before or breakfast. I really wanted pho to nourish me.
It's cash only which I'm used to. Service was slow for even getting water. That was fine. I ordered the Flank/Beef Ball/Tripe original Pho. I had noticed when I walked in from a sign on the door that the "Bo Bun Hue" was what they were popular for and online reviews matched that.
It took a long time to get my soup and they told me they were busy so I just remained patient. I figured I was the only one ordering this so maybe they had to make it super fresh. When it arrived the flank meat had weird, even layers of cartilage and the beef balls had bigger than usual cartilage pockets as well. Something in my stomach told me not to eat it but I thought I was being paranoid. I ate it and it was hot and tasted delicious, besides the chewy meat parts.
I asked to take my leftovers and took awhile to leave because I was in the process of moving to Philly and mapping out rentals on my phone.
I left and only got 4 blocks away before I had really painful cramps. It felt like my stomach and intestine were convulsing and I was scared so I sat down on a stoop. I had all the usual symptoms; sweating, nausea, pain in stomach and the feeling like I needed to let go out of both ends haha. It's funny but was terrible at the time.
I only like leaving good reviews and just don't go to bad places for whatever the reason but after getting that sick I wanted to save anyone else from my whole experience.
I was looking for "my spot" for pho, so if anyone has any suggestions for a restaurant in the city let me know. Or if you had a similar experience and want to share, that's okay too.Been here many time, the place is small, waitress doesn't speak much English, but their signature dish is really the best in town!!! The broth is light and flavorful, beef slices are think and tender. Ice coffee is also a must try, can't wait to go back again!I came to cafe diem last Sunday with two friends to try their bun bo hue (my first). I was not disappointed. 
Cafe diem is tucked away in a small corner of south Philly, close to all of the other Vietnamese restaurants but far enough that I'd never stumbled upon it by chance before. We got there at 12:30 and since the space is so small we figured there was no chance we'd get seats, but after waiting about 20 minutes they squeezed us in next to a young couple and their baby. A plus to the small size is that food comes out super quick. 
We all got spicy bun bo hue, two of us with everything (pigs feet, tendon, and beef) and one with just beef. The small was more than enough for all of us (even the guy we were with) with tons of noodles and really generous portions of meat (couldn't finish mine). The soup is spicy and meaty and amazing and the noodles and meat are great too. Whether you have or haven't had bun bo hue you have to come here.Interesting place to go to. They close at 630, so I guess they're not really a dinner place. It is a little hole in the wall that serves literally 12 things. I wish I had known that beforehand. We came very close to the end, so at that point they had already run out of chicken. I'm not a huge fan of tendons so I usually try to avoid beef stuff at Viet places, but this time I was forced to partake. 
The meat was actually very delicious and the broth was very clean. Service here was very good and friendly. However, in my soup, was a giant knuckle, which I felt like was just taking up space and could have been more noodles. 
Overall, if you are looking for one of the 12 items they have on their menu, this place seems like a win. They make a few things, but they make these things right. If you want anything else, I would recommend going somewhere else.We tried their Banh mi a few months ago hoping for something memorable, but could not eat the sandwiches when we got home. The meat was cheap cold cuts, the bread meh. Never going back. Especially since Lee's Cafe opened on Washington.Environment: This place is great. From a modern-day Vietnamese techno-vibe, they don't skimp out on the authenticity of this popping place. Restrooms are extremely small so beware..
Service: A little longer than most pho places but it's WORTH the wait. The Bun Bo Hue comes out almost instantly.
Food: Wow, where do I begin? Between this and Cafe Nhan in the East Passyunk neighborhood, this place easily is in my TOP TWO PLACES FOR PHO. Being a Vietnamese myself, I can appreciate the quality and richness of this broth so so much with the tenderness of the meat. The sizes aren't the largest; however, you pay for EVERY SINGLE DOLLAR of quality. The Bun Bo Hue is equally just as amazing. Cafe Diem and Nhan have been my top go-to places in Philly for ANY TYPE of Vietnamese food. They will never disappoint. 
**By the way, I would even be as bold to say that this pho beats the authentic ones in Vietnamese themselves (because of the meat quality) and the ones' in California (home of the American-Vietnamese).
Price: After tax and tip for a large bowl of bun bo hue or pho? ~$12-13. Easy buy.Today was my first real bun bo hue experience, and I really enjoyed it!
I got the supreme ($1 more than the regular), and the small size ($1 less than the large), so $10 for the bowl. It came with so much meat that I couldn't even finish it! beef, tendon, pork knuckle, ham, yum! Everything was extremely tender.
I really loved the chili sauce in the soup. I asked for mild, and it was perfect. You can also ask for more on the side. It's not chili flakes, so it adds some very fresh flavor!
One plus is that the price on the menu includes tax already. The downside to this place is that it doesn't accept card :(.The service here is like going to a hole in the wall spot so don't expect 5 star service.  They're fast and give you what you order.   Everything on their menu is amazing... true Viet food and try the bun bo hue! So yummmyyyyy! Ahhh I love it here!The house soup really is quite delicious and spicy. Weird electro pop soundtrack and neon under the counter. I was the only american gal in the place; it was funny to see practically everyone around me study my face when I started eating to see if I could handle the spice. Little do they know I LIVE FOR PAIN and didn't even cough once unlike some of the regulars! Walked out with a chest full of fire, I drank all the broth. Staff doesn't really speak English but they are nice and the food comes fast. Will eat plenty of this in the winter.spicy beef noodle is all I need to say! Just order it! Choose your level of spiciness tho because a little spicy is still very spicy in my opinion! I can't tolerate too much spiciness but mild is good enough! It's a huge portion bowl of noodle and meat combined! I eat this during the summer time and I'm sweating inside but in all good way!!! Eat it during the winter time and it will warm you up for quite some time! The noodle might seem somewhat oily, but it's what makes it taste so good with the combination of meat, noodle and different spices inside one bowl!! Hint: drink more cold tea hat they provide or water!!definitely will go back for the Bun Bo Hue again.  was one of the best.  It was spicy but bare-able that's if I don't drink the soup.  Even my husband said the banh Cuon is good there. Everyone there order Bun Bo Hue and even the takeouts are that dish.  but $4 for the ice coffee, I don't know about that... that's a little too pricey.A nice little "hole in the wall" type of mom and pops restaurant. The best bun bo hue? Not exactly, however, it was pretty amazing. The bowl can be a little bigger just so when I add the veggies and mix it up, the broth won't spill all over the table. It was also missing one very important thing: dried pigs blood. Everything else in the bowl was amazing though. I still wonder why the soup is so clear compared to other bun bo hues I have tried, but hey, at least it tastes good! The next time I come here, I have to try their Pho Ga, aka Chicken Pho. It must be good since people were either ordering that or bun bo hue.Hailed as the best bun bo Hue in Philly. I don't think so. The bun bo here is pretty good but not that amazing. With much better places like bun bo Song Ngoc in Kensington, which unfortunately closed, I can never understand why everyone think this was the best place.
One of the more confusing place to order bun bo Hue. They have a system of small and large with specials bun bo and all that. A bowl should just come with everything available with it. I feel like it's gimmicky to charge more by adding extra items and calling it special. 
Flavor wise, it is good, a lot of lemon grass flavor and the meat is fresh. The seasoning however, is light. It lacks sweet and saltiness. They also offer different dishes and we tried hu tieu kho. This was actually pretty good with an abundant amount of meat. Unfortunately I find the signature noodle soup to be subpar and more expensive than most places. Come in with a  lower expectation and your experience will be more enjoyable.Café Diem on South 8th Street, just north of Washington, may as well be located in Hue, the former royal capital of Vietnam.  Its version of Bun Bo would certainly satisfy the tastebuds of the Emperor and his retinue.  
I admit to limited exposure to this Rice Vermicelli Beef Noodle Soup, but now that I have had it a couple of times, how will I ever go back to regular noodle soup?  It is so vastly superior to American slurp, that it is something of a cultural misnomer to label it "soup" at all.  It is much, much better.  
The Café is a small 8 table house that closes at 7 pm daily.  My first attempt to enter was time barred because I arrived too late.  This time I planned around closing, and arrived at 6:30 to an almost empty room.  As I was solo, the hostess pointed to a deuce in the corner, which was perfect for a full view of the proceedings.  I ordered the small bowl of BBH and a Salty Lemonade to offset the 102F broil on the street.  That was gone in a flash.  The soup arrived two minutes later, so overfull with Thin Sliced Beef, Rice Noodles, Cilantro, Mint and a chunk of Oxtail, that it was difficult to add the fresh Thai Basil, Coriander, Sprouts and Squeeze of Lime.  I snapped off the smaller leaves, a handful of sprouts, and a full lime wedge, and managed to push everything into the hot broth with spoon and chopsticks. I think there was even a Banana Blossom on the plate that I tossed in.  With the room created on the side plate, I extruded copious amounts of Hoisin and Sriracha for dipping the beef.  
The final product was about the best "soup" I had ever eaten.  Its Lemongrass base was dominant and strident.  The undertone of Fermented Shrimp Sauce added a sour note to the spiciness that really played well together.  Although I asked for "mild," that only applied to how much Hot Chili Oil they put in at the end, because the other condiments were already in the pot.  Finally, as I slowed down and reached the bottom of the bowl, the hint of sweetness came through.  Definitely a spoonful of sugar to make this medicine go down.  
This was a great liquid celebration.  It cleared my sinuses and had me envisioning exotic nights in Hoi An and Da Nang. 
I love Pho, but a well crafted Bun Bo is superior to that due to the many more ingredients, and the interplay of the four spice groups.  It is easy to see why this was the sup of the royals.This place is packed around brunch time during the weekends, so be prepared to wait. They're particularly known for their bun bo hue which I really enjoy, and my friend got the pho dac biet and the iced coffee. I tried a little of her pho broth and her Viet coffee, and they were both solid. The Viet coffee here is really strong. My BBH was really good. Savory with a hint of sweetness and a slight kick. I wouldn't really call it spicy but rather, peppery? The BBH has a strong red pepper note that pairs well with the beef broth. Will come back again!Finally i have had a chance to stop in Cafe Diem for the famous Bun Bo Hue. Yes, it's awesome and it had one of the tastiest pigs feet in it that i have ever had haha. The broth is delish, a bit sweet and spicy but not killer spicy. The Meat in the soup was really generous regarding portion and very tasty. This BBH is more on the savory / sweet side, and definitely one of the best in philly......The  other best place for BBH is equally as good, but totally different in flavor profile. It's my opimiom that Cafe Diem is one of the best most authentic BBH's you can get in the city and should not be missed !!!!I was finally able to try Bún bò Hu at Cafe Diem. My all time favourite place to eat Bún bò Hu has been at Cafe Nhan. I am well aware there are two camps to determining who serves the best Bún bò Hu around Philly (specifically S.Philly). After Cafe Diem, and after much deliberation I have to lean towards Cafe Nhan. I think this is purely a personal preference. Both places make this noodle soup really well, but slightly different from the other. If you like lighter and fresher version with thinner sliced tender beef you'll like Cafe Diem. If you like slightly richer spicier broth with thicker beef you'll like Cafe Nhan. I'm sure a person with more refined palate may be able to add more differences, but for me these were the obvious differences. Interior wise Cafe Diem is slightly smaller, but the service was quick and friendly. I went there around 10am, but there were enough people eating around that time. I can only imagine how crowded it will be during lunch, dinner, and weekends. At the end of the day I did really enjoy their food. Would I go back? Most definitely!
So, a day after this review I somehow ended back here again. I decided to try their Chicken Noodle soup. Broth has wonderful depth in flavour and you somehow know this broth is worth every drop. It comes with bone in chopped chickens; I'm not a huge fan of bone in chickens (except for fried or roast chickens) so I kind of did my best to eat chunks of meat with the chopsticks. My friend had the pho, and she said the broth was different from other places (once again with depth of flavour and seasoned well). I'm glad I was able to come back again!I heard a lot of good things about Cafe Diem so I knew I had to stop by while I was in the neighborhood. This place is well known for their bun bo hue but I ordered the pho since I'm not a huge BBH fan. Their "small" serving of pho was actually a pretty decent portion. It came with an assortment of beef, meatballs, and tendon, all for $10. The broth was flavorful and not salty like some other pho I've had. I would've preferred that my soup was steaming when it first came out, but that's just a personal preference. I also ordered the ca phe sua da (Vietnamese iced coffee) which had the perfect balance of bitterness and sweetness. My total came out to be $14 (no tax added!). Their menu is a bit limited, but I would definitely recommend Cafe Diem if you're looking for a place with solid Vietnamese food.3.5 rounded to 4. FYI, cash only.
Despite Cafe Diem being one of the touted places in Philly for bun bo Hue, I wasn't that impressed. They have a light, clear broth but perhaps consequently suffers from not being as flavorful (in my opinion) as Cafe Nhan. They give you an impressive amount of meat, though, even for the regular-sized bowl. To the point of being too much meat, which feels like an odd critique to make given that I usually have the opposite problem of other places skimping on meat. The meat was all very tender, which I thoroughly enjoyed although some may call it a bit overdone. They also come with just the typical pho toppings instead of the additional ones for bun bo Hue. 
It's a small store with a few tables, but service is quite quick. A couple of extra points for them giving you free iced tea(!) instead of water and the fact that Vietnamese music playing overhead always warms my heart a little.Great pho! Two dishes even better. Very authenic food and exoerience. Staff is friendly and ongredients very fresh. Strongly recommend the beef phoIf you're craving viet food and like spicy stuff, this is the place to be. I first stumbled upon this place looking for a pho place but when I saw everyone raving about the bun bo hue, I had to give it a try. 
I've never had bun bo hue until I came here so it was my first exposure to it. After I had it the first time, I loved it. Maybe even more than pho (I know right?). They have a great meat to noodle ratio which is great since I hate places that cheap out on you. Their broth is pretty clean so it's not too oily or anything but it still has great flavor. And I love the thicker noodles over the pho noodles. 
Ever since I had this magical bowl of soup noodles, I have been on a hunt to find this mythical bowl of deliciousness in other viet places but to no avail. Every other place either had dirty broth (for lack of better words) or just a bowl of bleh that made me regret not ordering pho. No other bun bo hue ever came close to this one. 
Unfortunately I moved away from Philly so I don't get the chance to come often anymore. However, during my last trip to Philly, I came with some friends and it did not disappoint (for any of us). I guess I'll never be able to experience this dish anywhere else (in the US). So if you come, do yourself a favor and get the tried and true. If you don't like it, you can come spit in my next bowl of pho (that's right, I'm that confident). 
PS, if you like spice, be careful what you wish for cuz they can really spice things up.I stumbled upon Cafe Diem 4 years ago when I was shopping at the Italian Market and saw people waiting outside this joint to get serve. This small restaurant  turns our to have the best  Vietnamese food I've ever had! I've lived and dined in  San Jose CA, Houston, TX and New York, and none of the Vietnamese restaurants in these states can compare to the quality of ingredients that Cafe Diem puts into their food.   If you're looking to experience authentic, home made Vietnamese food; you've got to stop by. They close really early, at 6pm! Everything from the Bun Bo Hue (Spicy Beef soup), Pho,  Com Soung (Rice with Pork Chops) is absolutely delicious.  There's only one Con: The waitress doesn't speak English very well, but there are always patrons present, and willing to help.I came here because it was recommended by my sister. She told me this place has the best Bun Bo Hue in Philadelphia, and it was true. Their bun bo Hue was very delicious and had a lot of meats. The only thing I didn't like about this place was parking, it took me almost 20' to find parking in this area.First time I ever had bun bo hue (spicy beef noodle soup) was from here . It was about two years ago when a friend of mine introduced me to it and told me to give it try . It's something different so why not . I like trying new things . I did not like it . I think the soup lacked flavors . She told me this place was famous for their spicy beef noodle soup but I wasn't impressed . I've had better elsewhere . On to the next...One of my favorite places in Philly.  If you don't like the pig's knuckle or tendon, you can ask for only meat. I love it with rice noodles. The dry shrimp noodles  also s must try.I came here again this past Sunday. 
Not sure why the average rating the first time i went but this time I got the Bun Bo Hue again non spicy and it was so good!   The broth was still spicy but not overwhelmingly so. Maybe I was able to taste the broth some more bc this time I really enjoyed it.
The noodles were really good and lots of beef in the soup too.I came here on a Thursday evening with friends. It is a small place. I ordered the number 8, hu tien nuoc hoac hu tieu kho tom thit! I really enjoyed it! I had it before but haven't in a long time! It was great that this place had it! It was so good! I really enjoyed it! I ate it all! My sister got the bun bo hue and I took a sip! That was so delicious as well! I wished it stayed out later! It was cash only place!Everyone raves about the bun bo hue here, but I'd just like to add that the Vietnamese coffee is pretty authentic, thick, rich and satisfying!
Also when you order the bun bo hue ask for less spicy unless you're a pepper fiend!Yelp is wrong again!! 
Went in for Bun Bo Hue, banh Cuong, and Mi Ga. None of it was good! Bun Bo Hue and Mi tasted not right! The spicy-ness masked the bad taste a little bit but if you have eaten bun bo hue before you will "taste" the oddness of the flavor! The restaurant is small and cramped! Not worth the trip!As usual, I wait until the second visit to write the review. DELICIOUS. This is a really tasty treat. It is definitely reasonable pricing and quite filling. They are usually pretty packed, the place is small, but it is worth the wait if there is one.Let me telllllll youuuu. This place, in my opinion, still has the best bbh in philly. Believe me when i tell you i've tried bbh in every vietnamese restaurant in Philly and this is still my favorite spot.Have you ever been to a restaurant that serves you HOME-COOKED food? Mind blown, literally tasted as if I was home again eating my mom's cooking. It was fantastic, and authentic. I'm Vietnamese, and I honestly don't mean to be picky when I go out to Vietnamese restaurants. I'm always saying to myself "man this isn't nearly as good as my mom"s. Well this place comes pretty close! 
The place is tiny and intimate, we got lucky coming in with a group of 7 and they seated us immediately. Food came out so fast and the bowls come out in decent portions. All my friends ordered the Bun Bo Hue, I was however too scared since I have not perfected my spicy tolerance. I settled for the Banh Canh Tom Thit which was amazing and hit the spot. Broth is flavorful, not too overpowering and not too bland (which is what I find often with other places, either or). I did get to try a bit of the BBH and man it had such a KICK. It was incredibly spicy and great for people who do enjoy eating spicy food, unfortunately not me since I'm a wimp. I did get to try the meat and it was so tender and juicy. They give you so much and it's a perfect noodle to meat to soup ratio. They give you a plate full of veggies and garnishes so you can decorate how you like. Overall the service was great, they were kind. Don't forget this place is CASH ONLY! Be sure to hit the ATM before coming in.
PS Fair Warning - their entire playlist consists of only Vietnamese EDMI have not been here for 5 years, so I was pleasantly surprised to see the renovation that they did- and to taste the bbh (bun bo hue) was the same as I remembered. They have the small and large size, but the $10 small bowl is loaded with yummy delicious flavor and a LOT of meat. The only things missing in the dish that I enjoy is the blood cubes and the curly rau muong/banana pulp veggie that often comes with it. Despite these 2 missing items, the broth was spicy, flavorful, and the meat was tender. Service was good and the AC was adequate for the spicy level- it's not a large space but we were able to get seated immediately on a Friday afternoon around 1pm. Parking is another story- per usual, the streets are crowded and it's somewhat difficult to find a space. All in all, still one of my favorite BBH places in the city.First of all, this place is very very clean!! Not smelly, not oily, the entire restaurant is spotless!! The food is unique, and homey :)  We ordered #1 and #8, both are very delicous!!This review should have been priority #1 for 2014... 
I found this tiny restaurant while looking for a place on Washington Ave to have my usual Friday bowl of pho for breakfast... I parked and started looking over Yelp reviews to help me decide.... Then I read a reliable source for great food, and an entertaining read... John L's review was all I needed to read to walk in and have a seat... I ordered a large bowl of bun bo hue and was brought a cold glass of green tea... Let me tell you, this bowl of spicy noodle soup will instantly turn you into an addict... Kicking your favorite place down to #2, if not to the curb, will be no problem. 
It was a good laugh when Victoria L sent me a message describing the meal as being made with crack!! But after several sips of the broth, I absolutely agreed... I'm not the most skilled person with a pair of chopsticks, but I can manage to get by... Well, my unorthodox way of eating with them wound up having me drop a noodle back into the bowl... It splashed some of that spicy broth into one of my eyes... Burned Like Hell.. If this had happened before I actually gotten a first taste, the meal would have  been over.  I literally thought that I was gonna have to get one of those Sammy Davis eyes implanted... But because of how great the broth tasted, I found a way to find it funny and continue eating. The broth is clear and full of flavor, and the cuts of beef used to cook this meal is top quality meat... I can't say that I've had this type of meat at anyplace else that I've ordered a noodle soup. 
I really do suggest to anyone who is a fan of pho or bun Bo hue to give this place a try.... You deserve to enjoy what's served here.I am Korean and the extent of my knowledge of Vietnamese food was pho. But then I discovered bun bo hue...this dish was amazing!!! A little oily but it balances perfectly with a spicy kick. It's perfect on a cold winter day!Came here for their bun Bo hue, and the bun Bo hue is as good as everyone says.
The place is very small, with a few tables. Service is the usual asian style, not very friendly, but fast and on point.
Bun Bo hue is a dish that not many restaurants get right, and I'm glad to have found a place that makes the best bun bo hue I've ever had!We stopped in this little shop for brunch on our way to Maryland. A hot bowl of noodles with soup can warm my soul any day! Keep in mind the fresh chicken are yummy but you will have to pick the meat from the bones. The needle noodles were a little over cooked for my liking but it remained chewy so it was still pretty good. The broth was simple but sweet. Also note the only accept cash. All and all it was a good find.Clutch decision for Bun Bo Hue!
No bells and whistles here, just good old Bun Bo Hue (aka pho's less famous noodle soup sister).  This is an icon within the Vietnamese community for this particular dish.  This establishment is tiny with maybe seating for 20.
Get the Bun Bo Hue special "Dac Biet"!  You will receive a heaping bowl of heaven.  When the bowl arrives, you'll be embraced by the sweat aroma of spices and aromatics that will tear your socks off.  It is amazing.....nuff said.
Note:  spicy means spicyBun Bo Hue is out of this world. Must get here in time before they close for the day, but it is totally worth it.I enjoyed Bun Bo Hue at Cafe Diem before.  Last week we ordered take out BBH and learned that the NOODLE they used was horrible, I don't know what that is but it looked like mashed potato and the NOODLE shrunk before our eyes when we warm it up with hot water... WOW, this is the product from VietNam?  could it kill us eating products from VN.?  I won't eat any products that are "Made-in-VN" , sorry , too many food poisoning in VN now this incident really concerned me... Maybe all restaurants in Philadelphia are buying products from Hung Vuong and Dong Phuong ? super market... NO MORE, One incident is more than enough for me NOT to eat at Philadelphia VNmese restaurantsI just arrived to the great land of Philly on a beautiful Friday after struggling in this Greyhound bus for 3 hours. I came to the Airbnb and realized shit it's straight Viet town. I was like oh damn maybe I should hit up a pho spot. I realized I was surrounded by pho shops. Its like it was meant to be. I inched my way to Cafe Diem, a 45 second walk, a true struggle. From the outside, it looked like a shack shop. Walking in, a super modern cute family style Vietnamese restaurant. I sat down, amazed by the authenticity of the decorations and the interior. You know service was lightning speed when the bean sprouts and basil came right away. I ordered beef noodle soup and shrimp and pork noodle soup. After sipping that beef noodle soup, I thought the heavens had answered my prayers. A light delectable but flavorful soup with rich beef broth stew just hitting all the spots. It wasn't heavy at all which was surprising and the portions for a large was more than I expected. The beef was extremely soft and tender. This definitely trumped all the pho I had in the DC area. The shrimp and pork soup had glass noodles which had a very chewy texture and was rich in flavor as well. This place is cash only and highly recommended. Gotta hit this spot.Spicy yummy deliciously amazing Bun Bo Hue. Can never skip this meal when coming to Philly. Small place with a great atmosphere.Place is a little small so seating fills up fast. They have the best Bun Bo Hue ever. Get it and devour it. Enough said.Came here on an expedition with a friend who had a car - because without that GPS, there was no way I'd find this on foot.
It was empty, just the two of us. The door said "Bun Bo Hue," so that was a good cue. Food came out in these fancy glass bowls. First bowl ever of Bun Bo Hue, and WOW that was good. Spicy, rich, a bit sour, all really balanced in each sip. My friend, who was not a Bun Bo Hue first timer, said it's definitely one of the better ones she's ever had.
I think the place is cash only? Definitely will be back in the wintertime.Bun Bo Hue is SOOO good.  I always get the special large bowl .  Great as a hangover saver and as just a meal!My favorite place for bun bo hue.  Actually, that is all I get here.  Hands down best in Philly.  Must try.We came here on a Sunday afternoon after reading reviews and recommendations from friends.  I love Bun Bo Hue and find it hard to come by in many Viet restaurants. This place does it justice.  We started with the banh cuon which was very tasty.  The bun bo hue was very good.  It was spicy yet not greasy and had all of the layers of flavor required for this complex dish.  
The restaurant is small, only about 6-7 tables and parking is terrible.  We took an Uber from Center City for about 5 bucks. 
Prices were a bit high, 11 dollars for a big bowl of soup and 4 bucks for iced coffees.  I would highly recommend this place is you love bun Bo hue.Really good bun bo hue. Authentic and tasty. It's not too spicy and similar to pho. You get thicker rice noodles though and it comes with many parts of pork, all tender and delicious. Comes out piping hot in this small shop so just get ready to eat.Bun Bo Hue is good! Glad we came. It's small with 5 small tables and 2 large. Expect to wait here but it's worth it, if you love bun no hue! Think I'll come back for the banh quan! Service was quick and decent. Cash only. There is an ATM next door.Possibly the best bun bo hue I've had. Perfect amount of spice, full of tender, thinly sliced beef, perfect broth. The ratio of beef to noodles to broth was spot on. 
We also ordered two Vietnamese coffees that were delicious. All in all a perfect visit - good food and service.Bun bo hue is my go-to comfort food.Came here to try their "spicy" pho. It was my first time trying it and i found the soup base quite nice and savory. It's definitely not SPICY, just some spicy oil drizzled in really. It comes with a solid collection of meats. I wasn't a fan of the noodles used in this one -- its a bouncy circular kind of noodle, not your usual rice noodle, definitely less chewy than the rice noodle. 
I also got their regular beef pho as well, which had the usual rice noodle with an adequate portion of your various beefs. I found the soup to be a little sweet, and less savory than i generally prefer. 
We got large for both of these and found it to be a perfect portion. But i think small would suffice if you were to get side things.I met my Vietnamese wife 8 years ago, and it took her 3 years to take me to this place... I will never forgive her for showing me this unique void in my world that existed for 3 years.
Could I describe their Bun Bo Hue? No, I can give you a verse from a rap though:
I like my girl thick, not just kinda fine
Eat her til she cry, call that "wine and dine"
Sexiness personified. 
Last verse was mine, but its equivalent to sex if you're a noodle-head and spice-fiend. Now... bring me to that Vietnam sun.In all the years this place has been opened. It still taste exactly the same as I remembered. I came with my husband. Waitress came and we placed our order. By the looks of it only serve two dishes? No menus. Just a waitress speaking Vietnamese to you.
I don't speak Vietnamese but knew what I wanted and ordered. They are still #1 for their Bun Bo Hue. This is the place you want to try your first Bun Bo Hue and last because no other compares to their delicious specialty.
The place is small. Alittle updated but still just a small shack of a café. Parking is hard to find so look in the PPA parking lot.In all my years of sampling Vietnamese noodle soup around the world (including in Vietnam), this is the most delicious, flavorful, velvety, spice infused pho broth (Bun Bo Hue style) I have ever had the pleasure of slurping. 
The beef, is sliced perfectly thin and is extremely tender. The noodles were the only weak point, round, and a bit on the softer side, myself preferring the traditional flat rice noodle. 
You won't find any spring or rice paper rolls on the menu, nor vermicelli bowls here. This is a noodle soup specialty joint through and through and it shows through brilliantly in the other worldly tasting broth. 
-SZDelicious. Spicy. Bun no hue is delicious and if you like spicy it's the way to go. They have other stuff but I mostly go for bun bo hue. It has a seating area that fits about 20 people...so if you go at a busy time you'll wait a little but it's worth it.I could get on a bus from NYC to Philadelphia, spend the entire two hours rotting away and hating on screaming babies -- JUST for a bowl of Bun Bo Hue here at Cafe Diem. It's certainly not the best I've ever had lol, but definitely the best option I have now, which is much much better than what I would expect, considering this is a very distinct and traditional dish from Central Vietnam. My boyfriend and I love it here. We tried to come here every weekend during the winter.
The amount of meat in a bowl of bbh is just too much, and all too good. The broth is a little inconsistent sometimes, but the clear broth proves justice (it would be brown and cloudy if a lot of flavored seasonings were used) it's always been good overall. Good customer service (prob because I know one of the girls who works here so they give me even more meat lol)!!
Hands down the most authentic Bun Bo Hue in the States I've tried so far.Hands down...BEST BUN BO HUE I ever had in my life. I always really liked bun bo hue growing up and being in NY for the past few years, I really miss good quality viet food. I walked into it during my road trip and ordered a bowl. Phenomenal! It was spicy and rich and delicious! My non-Viet friends who accompanied me tried my soup and loved it, too! It's very hard to get viet soups on point so that it's liked by both Viet and non-Viets in my opinion. On our return trip to NY, we stopped by again and got ourselves another bowl each. I also got one for to-go. Yeah, it's that good.
Warning, the ladies room is SUPER TINY. It's really made for petite people.Philly's goto spot for bun bò hue and banh cuon although the latter is often unavailable or sold out. When it is unavailable sadly I settle for the banh uót.  Been going here for years and it's sad and eye-opening to see how prices have inflated from $5 a bowl to now as high as $12 if you select the dac biet special version. Cost of doing business but its not going to completely stop me from fulfilling my cravings but me and my wife used to stock up and buy 4-5 at once regularly and feed ourselves and the in-laws for days and days. 
The reason why the BBH is the best is simply the broth is so complex with spicy, oily and sour components and not overly pungent, which most other places go wrong. 
Banh cuon is a lost art that it is often hard to find any good offerings in the city. Most places will feature this on their menu but it is often unavailable as well. The fried shallots crisp just completes this dish. I am the type of person that likes to dip each bite into the fish sauce and not the type to drown my plate with the sauce beforehand. This way the crisp shallots balances each bite with the soft and savory wrapping. Yummy good.The BBH is good here. Might be one of the better ones they have in philly. Their portions are good as well. I'd recommend first time eaters to order no spicy as you can add spiciness from the hot oil they have available. Soup base is great and I prefer to eat my BBH with pho noodles. If you haven't done it, give it a tryWhen we arrived here, we picked a table, sat down, and then, as if we're regulars, the waitress came over to take our order.  No menu.  Thought it was kind of funny.  Turns out we did know what we wanted so no problem.
I got Bun Bo Hue - never even heard of it before so I have nothing to compare it to.  
I enjoyed the noodles and the broth, flavorful and really spicy, which I like.  But, I just thought it was an average spicy noodle soup.
I would come back but am ok with not going back too.Great place.  Only get bo bun hue.  Spicy and bad for you.  Even if you don't get it spicy, it's still a little bit spicy.  Note: I tend to prefer holes in the wall for my food.  For those who understand Cantonese, that would be tai pai dong, and cha chan tang.The Bun Bo Hue has one of the best broths I've ever tasted. If you've heard of this tiny place and haven't gone, go.Heard so much about their bun bo hue so I had to try. 
Street parking only which is very hard to find. Might need to walk a block or two but this place is definitely worth trying. The restaurant is not that big since its a small mom and pop store. 
They don't have a lot on the menu but this is why their food is delicious because they put their time on making the broth which is on point. I got the bun bo hue less spicy since I'm a chicken to heat. My fiancé got their pho. The service was fast , My food was delicious with lots of meat, soup was spicy even if I told  them not to make it too spicy so be mindful of their level of heat. 
Overall their soup was very good. Something worth going back too.