This is a home run neighborhood brunch spot just north of City Center.  Avoid walking down 13th street since it is located in a fairly isolated and industrial spot of the city.  Once inside, the ambiance is cozy mixed with whimsy - coloful chalkboard specials, bright red plastic chairs, and jester-striped chandeliers.  Hipster waiters and waitresses add to the casual and fun vibe.  Plus the brunch is delicious.
Lemon Ricotta Pancakes: lemon ricotta baked fluffy pancakes, served with strawberries on top paired with a side of thick fresh whipped cream and honey as syrup.  It was like a sweet summer picnic on my plate.
Ham & Jalapeno Frittata: specially ordered with egg whites didn't deter this flavorful, spicy, and ultra cheesy dish.  Smoked ham, mushrooms, and cheddar are mixed with pico de gallo in this fluffy egg special.  
With endless refills of strong Columbian dripped coffee to complement our meal, friendly service, and quick orders, this is hole-in-the-wall brunch at its finest.Loved it. They had a vegan panini sandwich that was to die for. My friends got the French today and the breakfast burritos and they loved them as well. Great vibe in this place, great food. Definitely a hip vibe in here and that makes it very easy to relax in this place and have a good time. I'm from Boston so having a nice cafe out here with a vegan option is awesomeWonderful.  Lemon ricotta pancakes were a delight, crab cake benedict was full of fresh, plump crab meat and topped with perfectly poached eggs.  Steak and egg tacos were just fine, but topped with a deliciously astringent house made hot sauce and candy-sweet Jersey corn.  The blintz will make you pre-diabetic in the best ways possible; I particularly enjoyed the tartness of the mandolin-sliced plums contrasted with the sweetness of the honey and the richness of the dairy.  Atmosphere can be unbearably loud/packed, even in the afternoon, and prices are not cheap, but everything we ate was above average.It was a drizzly Saturday morning. I shut my umbrella and shuffled into Cafe Lift. The quaint hole in the wall cafe was bustling with people, even with the gloomy weather just a wall away. 
I was happily joined by a group of friends, a total of nine, patiently awaiting a table. Ten minutes passed. Then twenty. Then thirty. Our hope for food kept diminishing as time passed. The manager was kind enough to pay us visits, telling us that they had a table done eating with the perfect capacity for us and that they were ready to get us eating the second the party had left. 
The party would not leave. There is no blame that can be put on either group. The manager was courteous and apologetic. The customers were just enjoying the homey atmosphere. 
But when the time came that they left, we finally sat down to a large crepe. 
The apologetic and bashful manager stood next to our server, offering us some free food to mull us over as they prepared our meal. 
When our dishes came out, we dived in. The crepe was a cascade of flavors, a tang of hazelnut paired with an airy cream. It was fluffy and made to perfection, with a blend of bananas and strawberries inside, sending the taste buds on an orgasmic rollercoaster of the sweet and savory to the crisp and fresh. 
The rest of the food was good, too.Sadly disappointed, after reading the reviews I was excited to try Sunday brunch. Was told 35 minute wait, when they had several tables open and many people waiting. Ok maybe they were staggering seating due to shortage in wait staff im not sure. So 20 minutes later they went to sit my bf and myself at the counter I asked if we could have a table. The polite hostess said sure, and then proceeded to seat us at a table that had been available since we came in. Our waitress spent more time talking to a friend of hers at the counter and the other wait staff than attending to her tables. She had two tables around us complaining amongst each other about the lack of service. One table had to flag her down to get water and to go boxes. The table next to us kept trying to flag her down to get change for the tip, but instead gave up and left her a smaller tip as a result. I ordered the breakfast burrito which was bland and boring. My bf ordered the huevos rancheros which was good. The housemade hot sauce was the highlight of the food. It was tasty and a subtle hot that crept up on you but not that artificial hot. I do not see myself returning anytime soon.Came with my sister for brunch on Saturday morning. Okay, the place was full and busy but it didn't look understaffed, but my sister and I stood at the entrance looking lost for a while until someone decided to come up to us and find a table. From there, service was pretty awful, which is unfortunate because the french toast selections were great. I picked one of their brunch special french toasts and after what felt like a 20 min wait, a plate of the wrong french toast was delivered to me (which I didn't realize until a server came and took the plate away and said it was the wrong one). After that, it took another 10-15 min wait to have our table cleared and once the check was dropped, our server was practically missing and we sat around for another 20 mins until they came back to pick it up.
I'd definitely give the place another try just for their french toast.A favorite for brunch! Super crowded on weekends so we try to hit up during the weekdays when possible. Huevos rancheros is awesome and the bf is in love with the hot sauce it comes with. Pulled pork tacos get two thumbs up!  Seriously Yum!! Delicious coffee. Wonderful service! This place makes me happy :)I'm afraid to say it, but I believe Cafe Lift just jumped to the top of the list of my favorite brunch spots (sorry Sabrina's). Clean, industrial/trendy atmosphere with plenty of seating. There has been a little bit of a wait the last 2 times I was here, despite having open tables (short staffed?). But once you're seated you'll be glad you waited! On my last visit I enjoyed the breakfast burrito very much. It's probably at least double a standard portion size, but after a big night out you will gobble it all up without a second thought. Gooey filling with eggs, cheese, mushrooms and peppers. Perfection. I've also ordered Jen's Crespelle. It's everything you could want in breakfast rolled into a delicious crepe- sweet, savory and hearty. The cannoli French toast looks to die for, I will definitely be ordering that next time. Side note- remember to bring cash!Been here twice. No interest in returning any more. 
For some reason -- I've yet to determine 
-- this breakfast and lunch eatery is OVERRATED, definitely! My specifics: first time here my "Rival Bros. Drip coffee," Was FAIR only. Re: "free refills" noted on the menu, what's the point if the coffee doesn't taste  good, is lukewarm, & it's for one patron only???  Cannoli French Toast was my "dish" (I ordered it after seeing quite a few positive yelp reviews about it); this was ALSO FAIR, though.  To my mind it was just a Sugary mess, for the most part. After this initial UNIMPRESSIVE run, I ONLY returned because this place is only a few minutes from my apartment; I also convinced myself given its proximity& that I'd been here once only, I should give it another shot. 
So I did. Here's what happened that time. I started off ordering orange juice but that was borderline LUKEWARM, only! When I told the waitress she said it HAD been refrigerated. I didn't want to argue Si I asked for some ice, only. That turned out to be a FAIL, though cause it just watered it down. Smoked salmon on a bagel was my "entree."  Though the salmon didn't seem 100% fresh the too large portion aggravated me more. "Chefs"should know how much food to put on their patrons' plates, so I'm usually disappointed (pissed really) when they don't. (That's a commonplace American dining "thing" that's hard to overlook, unfortunately.)
*Sorry, no pictures. I didn't feel like talking any.Brunch on Saturday... The wait for my hubs and I was surprisingly only 15 mins. Quick seating but very delayed food serving. Hubby's came out even later than mine but they apologized and covered his burrito that he ordered. So that was nice of them. I had the famous cannoli French toast. both were AMAZING AND DELiSH!!!Good brunch food... The cannoli French toast is amazing! (For those sweet tooth) Pretty bummed they didn't serve eggs Benedict during the week, only weekends.  
Def try the huevos rancheros.Delicious food! Fun place to eat with great service. Best lemon ricotta pancakes I have ever had.Delightful  The menu was a little spectacle at first... So the waitress suggested this as being her "favorite" & I must say I was far from disappointed! Great portion size & everything was just so fresh! Can't wait to go back!The food was good, the wait was terrible. I was in town for the weekend, decided to get brunch here but it seems like everyone else had the same idea in mind. I waited for a little over an hour (I know, crazy) good thing I got there when I did, the people after me had wait times of an hour & a 1/2! 
The food was really good, I ordered the juevos rancheros & cannoli French toast. Their menu wasn't as extensive as I would like it to be, not as many options as I would like & am used to at other locations. The BYOB is a +This brunch is always amazing and after the fourth visit, it still hasn't failed me yet.If you love breakfast/brunch, do yourself the favor! The wait was ridiculous, I was eating alone and the wait was still about 35 mins for a seat at the 'bar'. I had the French Toast and oh my goodness, a sugar rush! It was so good! Just be sure to have a glass of water! Lol super rich and fresh ingredients, I will be sure to come by again!Lots of different things on the menu.
The service can be a bit slow at times, but it's not bad enough that I'd complain about it.
You can get brunch for under $15 per person.
Try the french toast, huevos rancheros, and the cubano sandwich.Perfect brunch spot! The food was amazing and it's byob. I had the French toast special, and my friend got the huevos rancheros which we shared. Both were a very generous portion. It was a little noisy and hard to hear each other talk but other than that it was a great experience! Definitely recommend.French toast: fabulous. Huevos Rancheros: miraculous.Place is really great.  I tried the tortilla soup - ah... not the best.
Pizza - awesome!  Staff - friendly.  Salad - great.Checked this place out last week. What can I say? I really enjoyed it. I had a solid cubano panini and the gf got eggs Benny.  We both agreed the Cuban was where it's at. Can't wait to go back and try some more, esp that French toast.  Nice inside and the service was good. Check it outI've been here a few times and every time, the food has always been good. The only downside was my potatoes were burned during my most recent visit but overall everything has been great nonetheless. The staff is so friendly and attentive. Definitely recommend!Went here on a Sunday afternoon after the brunch rush. It was ~ 2pm, and I sat right at the bar and ordered the Fritada w/ a side of spicy sausage.
Servers were very friendly and helpful, food came out w/in 8 minutes of walking in, about as fast as I could have expected (impressive) and it was delicious. I wouldn't think twice about going back again, great place to get a yummy wholesome breakfast bite.Great brunch place on Sunday but very crowded and long line but it's worth it. Get there early. Try everything on the menu. Nice portion.  Cash only.I sincerely hope this establishment never gets "hip" so I can get the 'Cannoli French Toast' whenever I want. 
That being said, this restaurant is adorable and the food is to die for. My dining companions had burritos that were absolutely delightful (we shared our food, it seemed only polite). There was a 10 minute wait but like any good brunch spot, the wait is worth it.  Seating is limited since the cafe is relatively small. 
I would have given 5 stars but their turkey bacon was 'meh'.I'm wondering how this place seems to have been open since 2008, and I've never heard a word about it!
It's wonderful! I wonder if it's the location that makes it less crowded? I ran a 5-mile race on Saturday morning, so maybe I thought it was so great because I was 1. cold, and 2. really hungry, but it was awesome! My friends and I stopped at Sabrina's in Fairmount and heard about the typical long wait, and decided we couldn't handle waiting out in the cold after sweating. That's just not healthy and bad for your muscles. So we yelped Cafe Lift, and it was only a few blocks away. No wait whatsoever, and we were there when they opened at 9. 
I ordered a mocha, and it was steamy, creamy, pretty, and warmed my hands in a large mug. Perfection. My order was huevos rancheros with scrambled instead of fried eggs, and it was divine. No runny eggs, crispy tortillas, real melted cheese, just a touch of beans, and chorizo on top. There was also an excellent salsa I asked the waiter to pack up for me. My friend had the lemon ricotta pancakes, which were also very pretty, and she finished them all. And my other friend had a fritatta of some sort, but I forget which. (They had several.)
The staff was friendly and accommodating, even when we took a long time to decide on our order, and kindly pointed out the ATM, which solves the lack of cash problem. I was excited to tell my boyfriend about it, and I'm sure we'll go back soon!The wait time was awful!  We were told the wait was 25-30 mins but it ended up being double that.. it was extremely loud inside. we had to have the waitress repeat herself because we couldn't hear her. She started by telling us all the things they were out of including staples for a brunch spot  like tomato, turkey sausage and peanut butter. Food was good but nothing special. We won't be back and wouldn't recommend it.It's definitely my favorite cheap sushi place in Philly! I've been here for more than 10 times, never disappointed. The price is really fair but the food is good. From my picture you can see the sushi rolls have huge stuffings. Fresh ingredients and delicious!The Lemon Ricotta Pancakes are the bomb!! We also ordered a spicy sausage sandwich (I forgot the name of it) and it was also DELICIOUS!!! Great service and we will definitely be back for more of the pancakes and sausage sandwiches!!I have been coming to Cafe Lift several years. A friend of mine introduced me to it one Sunday brunch, around 5 years ago. We were able to get right in and have a seat, which was nice. As we sat there eating our tasty brunches we *knew* that is was only a matter of time until the word got out. 
Sure enough, several years later, we now have to wait for a table most Sundays, but that is OK. it is nice to see a restaurant do well (no small task); especially when they deserve it. 
One of the reasons Cafe Lift is a favorite of mine is the diversity of the menu. If you want something rich and indulgent (Hello, Cannoli French Toast and Nutty Monkey Crespelle) they have you covered. If you are counting carbs, don't worry; Cafe Lift has you, too. The Plum Tomato Fritatta is a favorite of mine. 
The service is consistently friendly and efficient and they keep the coffee coming. They also place a carafe of water on the table, which I appreciate. 
Now, if only they would take credit cards!I came here with my family after a few years...the first time I came I was blown away by how amazing the brunch was. Last time there was a long wait, this time it was only about 15 minutes even though the place was packed, which was awesome. The decor is unique. This time it wasn't AS good (mainly because we tried to experiment with some new dishes) but still pretty good, so five stars it is. It's BYOB so a lot of the other tables were drinking mimosas. My mom and I split the huevos rancheros which were really good. My dad ordered a burger which I thought was not anything special. My brother tried a pork belly sandwich which we both thought was pretty good. We all split a nutella & bananas crepe for dessert which was amazing. I distinctly remember the first time we came for brunch we absolutely loved the frittatas and lemon ricotta pancakes so I definitely recommend those. I'll be back again to try all my favorites! One of my favorite philly brunch spots!holy moly.. this place is awesome. i actually found it on yelp. I had a friend visiting from out of town, and I wanted to take him to brunch before saying sayonara. Yelp people have not let me down. We loved everything about it. 
First of all, it's in this completely random location, not really near any other restaurants or stores. But, when you walk in, the industrial urban art deco sets the tone. This is some place different. Definitely wouldn't expect to find it in this area.
The two of us ordered three dishes... simply because there were too many mouthwatering scrumptious options on the menu to choose from. We got the Cannoli French Toast, the smoked salmon bagel, and prosciutto panino. Yummm. I am definitely coming back and bringing more people. Considering the unique blend of ingredients in their dishes, this spot has very very decent prices.I can't imagine how terrible this place must be at peak weekend brunch hours.  The service was awful at 9 am on a Friday when the restaurant was 1/8 full so if we extrapolate...
Anyway, I just had to try Cannoli french toast.  It took FOREVER to come out and when it did, it was pretty good.  Though, how can brioche slabs with a pound of pastry cream, pistachios, and chocolate be bad?  It was definitely not the best french toast I've had but it was pretty good, albeit gimmicky.  The eggs I had were also flavorful and well cooked.  
None of this made up for the awful service.  It took an eternity to get the food and although they were apologetic, it didn't really improve my soured mood.  There are a ton of other great brunch options in Philly, go somewhere else.If you're in the area, I would definitely choose this place over Sabrina's any day of the week. Being a sucker for breakfast foods, I really like that this place does it every day. As others have commented, the industrial feel is pleasant and well-executed. True, sometimes you are sitting very closely to other patrons, but hey it's not that bad and you get to examine their bedhead up close (one of my favorite weekend pastimes). Plus, we only waited 15 minutes for a table on a Saturday at noon, which is extra points in my book (I'm a brat about waiting for brunch!). 
The menu isn't extensive and there's nothing super special. Sometimes the specials are "special" and sometimes they're just other breakfast items that aren't on the regular menu. I remember the ricotta pancakes being good from a few times back, I really enjoyed the breakfast tacos (extra points for using queso fresco), and I would definitely order the breakfast burrito again. I would even go as far as to say that it's the best breakfast burrito I have had in Philly. Plus, the salsa that comes with it is spicy perfection. My only problem was that it had a long hot pepper stabbed on top of it (an aesthetically pleasing touch, despite its flaw). If they had done their research, they would know that a long hot is an Italian pepper, and it would probably be better to use a serrano or green chile (or any Mexican pepper really) on the top instead... or maybe they just assume that their patrons aren't versed in cuisine! Either way, I would still order it again.They should rename it Cafe Forklift...because that's what I needed to get out of the seat.  Large portions of everything.  Great flavor combinations.  I ordered the cannoli french toast...my advice...don't order a hot chocolate with it.  I thought I was going to go into sugar shock.  Only complaint...I wanted to hold them hostage and force them to stay open after 3pm  WTF!!!Found it by accident when I happen to be in the area, had some spare time and search on yelp for some good good around. If you don't know it's there you won't just walk in as its a bit tucked away...
Nice service and very tasty food. 
Cash only!!!!I came here with my girlfriend for brunch on the weekend. The food was delicious. I got the French toast with fresh fruit and it was very good and I highly recommend it. Next time I come I will definitely be ordering it again. My girlfriend ordered the breakfast burrito and she loved it and said it was one of the best breakfast burritos she has had. We will definitely be back here again.Stopped by for brunch and had the huevos rancheros..one of the best ive had in a loong long time..go check it out..the lemon ricotta pancakes were good as well..I was so looking forward to diving into some delicious brunch food on a rainy Saturday morning. However, my group had unexpectedly grown to 9 people, a large party without a reservation. 
When we arrived, the restaurant was PACKED. It goes to show just how popular this place really is. The manager was very accommodating, letting us know that it would take a while to get a table for our large party. They had a table in mind, perfect for our group, but the customers sitting there took their time to enjoy good food and good conversation. As hungry as we were, it was hard to be happy for them tbh. We waited quite a while, but the manager would periodically check in with us to update us on the situation! 
The table finally freed up and we were immediately seated. To our surprise, after our orders were taken, the server brought out a crepe for our trouble! It was DELICIOUS and it was just a glimpse of the glory that was to come... 
My friend and I shared a huevos rancheros and the cannoli French toast per recommendations on Yelp. They were both to die for! I think that the French toast is definitely for those with a serious sweet tooth. For those with a brunch partner-in-crime, I'd recommend getting a savory and sweet dish to share! The rest of my party tried a lot of things including the breakfast burrito and baked egg special. We all had nothing but good things to say!
The place is cash only but really affordable (~$10) for the great quality. The vibe is really cool and the service is awesome. Definitely coming back soon!I've been here a couple of times for brunch and always leave happy! You can't go wrong with the crepes or any of the sweet dishes- just depends on your mood. They seat you fairly quickly and service is great.
*dont forget, cash only but they have an arm on premiseI've had brunch here mutiple times. I have nothing bad to say about the food; it's excellent! Service is friendly. Keep in mind, like most popping brunch places, you'll probably be waiting in line to get a seat on weekends. The interior design has a more industrial feel and adds to the hipster scene. Love their food, definintely worth the wait!What a great find! Their specials are great suggestions and the atmosphere...inside  or out.... is truly private. I would give them 5 stars but the service is slow. AMAZING food tho,Love! Better than Sabrina's or Green Eggs judging from my 2 experiences. Menu is awesome and portions were huge! Service was great and lofty atmosphere with the exposed red pipes and such was pretty cool.I've been here once before with a friend around brunch and had a panini which was pretty wonderful. The atmosphere inside was cozy, welcoming and the noise level was moderate enough to still have a conversation. I tried going again with a few other friends but the wait time was too long so we ended up going elsewhere. But still trying to go again and taste other things on the menu, so maybe soon!My friend and I were seated quickly, enjoying brunch during the week. Around 1ish it wasn't too busy. I ordered the Italian Sausage Frittata. It was AMAZING. It came with red breakfast potatoes and multi grain toast. Inside the Frittata was the sausage and a great portion of Brussels sprouts with some kind of cheese goodness on top. I ate every bit. The servers kept our coffee and water replenished and were very nice and honest about our menu questions. I'll definitely be back, next time with some champagne to mix up.Cafe Lift is one of the better brunches in the city. Far better than Sabrina's in my opinion (which I believe to be overrated). It's got an industrial hip kind sort of vibe, and it's cash only. 
I got the Huevos Rancheros which, as many others have said, is very tasty. They do them really well. It's crispy, savory, and balanced out with their housemade hotsauce. 
The Jen's Crespelle is just okay, the eggs are done nicely as is the bacon, but the crepe could use more work. The crepe is strangely dense, and dry, you can offset the dryness density of the crepe with syrup and hotsauce, but it has an unpleasant texture in the mouth not entirely unlike eating folded up tissue paper.
The Coffee is just average, being neither good or bad. 
Cafe Lift is in the upper echelon of brunch spots in Philadelphia, it's not as good as Sam's Morning Glory but above places like Sabrinas. 
The Egg Panino sounded amazing but i never had a chance to try it as did the Lemon Ricotta pancakes. 
On a side note, I would love a brunch location that offered bacon or sausage WITH pancakes or some other sweet dish. I always want to try the sweet offerings on the menu i.e. the Lemon Ricotta Pancakes, but I NEED some meat, some delicious, wonderful, salty, and glorious breakfast meat, i.e. sausage and/or bacon with my brunch in the morning, so I always opt for something other than the sweet dish. I know I can order a side of meat, but honestly I feel as though i'm being severely overcharged so I never do. 
So please, brunch places in Philadelphia, give me some meat.Always has the best options! I tried their huevos rancheros for the first time and I have to say it's definitely an all time favorite! 
The wait was a bit long and the noise level is a bit on the higher end but other than that it's a great place
I would definitely recommend everyone to go here!Ok, simply put, THIS place does things RIGHT!!! I am psyched that we (3 adults & 3 young kids) decided to go here on a Sunday morning on the weekend before Christmas before leaving town....it was FANTASTIC!! I am in the city often and will DEFINITELY be coming back here soon!!!
It is located on a street that is renewing itself as is so much in the city these days, especially this area. It appears to be safe & easy to get around. Once you go into the restaurant, you climb a few stairs and see the greeter who was extremely friendly. We sat in the comfortable waiting area & got a table pretty quick eventhough it was really busy. Our table was a counter height table with stools & it was cozy, comfortable, & very spacious. There are regular height tables & backed chairs as well. The menu and the specials all sounded delicious and were so amazingly creative....challah french toast, cannolli french toast, interestingly stacked breakfast sandwiches, non-traditional frittatas, etc. And EVERY single item we ordered was INCREDIBLY TASTY & DELICIOUS!! I mean it was ALL REALLY great! The young guy serving our table was so nice and attentive to our table....we never wanted for anything. The manager came over to introduce herself & finalize the bill payment and she was so nice as well. Cafe LIFT is a TOTAL WINNER!!!All I can say is.. this is one of the best brunch spots I've been to in a while.  I had the frittata with sausage and brussel sprouts, with toast and coffee.  It hit the spot! Simply delicious... Will definitely go back again soon.Have been here for brunch a couple times. Love love love the warehouse-y decor and ambiance but the food is just ok. Also there are like no vegetarian options ... when I asked if I could substitute something veggie for the sausage in a dish I was told, "the owner is Italian so we don't have any vegetarian options." Um, ok. I asked again and was given some salad in place of it. Eggs, toast, and hash browns were standard but nothing great.Love the menu, atmosphere is great and the location only adds to the mystique.I've been here several times for brunch/lunch. The food is excellent and the atmosphere is casual and lively. It's the same owners as Prohibition Taproom, Bufad and Kensington Quarters, so expect the same exceptional quality as those restaurants. The wait times may seem too long for some, but it's definitely worth the wait. BYOB is also a huge plus.Cafe lift is my favorite brunch place in the city. Rather, I should I say it WAS my fave brunch place...See the reason I loved cafe lift was because of their plum tomato frittata! Been getting it every single time I visit for the past 4 years. As a vegetarian who lives for brunch, cafe lift's plum tomato frittata was often my only motivation to get out of bed on the weekends. You could imagine my heart break, and severely unproductive weekends, once the plum tomato frittata was taken off the regular menu. Please oh please, my dearest cafe lift, add it back on to your regular menu.
Also, please don't change or get rid of the awesome concept of offering just one lemon ricotta pancake as a side. After I was done w the deliciousness that is the plum tomato frittata, I struggled w what to do about my "brunert" craving (brunch dessert). Sorta full and in heaven, just wanting a bite or two to satisfy my sweet tooth, the option to get just 1 pancake is best. Please never get rid of this. If you did ever change this, I'd be pretty stoked about rotating "dessert" menu items.
Oh also-- the only reason I created a yelp account was to write this review.Can't speak to the rest of their menu but the huevos rancheros is LIT! The immediate neighborhood looks horribly depressing though, and reminded me of some run-down areas of Brooklyn.Went with a party of five.  Everything was wonderful -- the french toast (with REAL maple syrup!) was the best anyone had ever experienced.
But skip the turkey bacon -- it was limp & sad.I know this review is going to look bad by a lot of comparisons, but I don't want it to deter anyone from going to Café Lift.  The place has its own charm.  It's on the first floor of a loft building underneath a bridge passing in a not so nice neighborhood, which for some reason is appealing to me.  Mainly due to the fact that every other brunch place in the city has a long line out the door... unfortunately , enough people have found about Café Lift to add it to that list.
As for the food... the S.S.S is good and the lemon ricotta pancakes are sweet and delicious, but it seems like most everything else on the menu has four pounds of eggs overwhelming anything else in the dish, slapped with a mound of lifeless potatoes.  Why do Philly breakfast/brunch joints do this?  It seems way too common to me; Sabrina's is the worst about that crap.  The specials are usually pretty good, but I hope they break away from the Frittata craze, because I don't think anyone else has it.
The staff is pretty unaware of their surroundings, continuously passing by people who need service and rushing people when they finally show up to take an order.  Yet for some reason unknown to even myself, I still kind of like this place.Went here for brunch on a busy Sunday at around 11a. While not the most convenient area of town, it was close to the Spring Garden station on the Broad Street line. Our wait was about 45 minutes for a party of 3. It was a pretty gray and drizzly day outside, so most people waited indoors. It was a bit crowded, but there was room enough and a few seats for use. 
Despite the hipster appearance of the staff and decor, the service was completely friendly and food absolutely delicious. What I loved most overall was that the food was homey and full of comfort without being overly greasy or heavy. 
I opted for the challah BLT, and quite enjoyed it, even with the turkey bacon! It's a hearty sandwich (but really, can there ever be too much challah?) served with a side salad (which, thankfully, was not overly dressed). A perfect brunch sandwich. I also got a side of potatoes and was delighted that it consisted of large chunks of (roasted?) potatoes, nicely seasoned, instead of normal home fries.
Fresh OJ and La Colombe coffee were on tap to make breakfast what it should be. My friends ordered the lemon ricotta pancakes and special of the pumpkin cannoli French toast. The lemon ricotta pancakes were reported to be a light but tasty choice. And since the pumpkin cannoli French toast was devoured before I finished the first half of my sandwich, I can only assume that what looked like a mountain of amazing goodness delivered on its promise.
The atmosphere was loud, which I think is unavoidable in an industrial space. But it wasn't obnoxious, and still had a nice warmth from the laid-back crowd and service.
I felt like I got the value for what I very reasonably paid, though please remember ***cash only***.I can eat breakfast here everyday. My gf had the huevos ranchero and i had the crepelle. delicious! def try the fennel sausage! the lemon pancakes were light and airy! friendly staff and great food. you can't go wrong!This place was absolutely incredible on all fronts - the service was friendly, coffee refills were prompt, and the food was exquisite while reasonably priced.  The location in an old warehouse added some personality to the environment as well.  
I recommend the huevos rancheros.  Normally I find this dish to be underwhelming and poorly executed; however, Lift's version was flavorful and well presented.  The avocado toast had potential but needs some work.Summary: Overrated, very obnoxious hipster brunch location. 
I've been meaning to write a review for this place for a while now. First AND last visit here. I visited a month ago (I still remember so they made quite the impression!) for Sunday brunch so it was extremely crowded cause that's what happens when you see Zagat-reviewed. After coming to this place, I am feeling much more wary about things that are "Zagat-reviewed" now. 
So I had multiple problems at this place. 
Seating - There aren't any tables so the hostess says I can sit at the bar, which is fine. There are four seats at the bar. "Seat 1", as I will label it, is at the edge of the bar and "seat 4" is against the wall. I sit down at seat 3 which gives me a nice open view of the bar area into the kitchen. There's a guy at seat 1 and nobody is at seats 2 or 4. The guy at seat 1 leaves and shortly afterwards, a couple walks in. Seats 1, 2, and 4 are open. I am asked by a worker, while I'm eating, to move from seat 3 to seat 4 to accommodate the couple even though seats 1 and 2 are open. Really, worker? Do I have cooties or something? Really??? 
Food - I ordered blueberry pancakes. They were okay. But $10 for blueberry pancakes that tasted like something I could've just made at home? Rip off. Go to IHOP instead.  
Payment - CASH ONLY, which is fine except I didn't find out until AFTER I had eaten and was trying to pay with my card. So, okay, no worries, they have an ATM! WHICH they charge you to use ("The owner of this ATM blah blah blah"). So I end up paying THEM $1.50 (plus $1 from my bank's end) to use THEIR ATM to then pay THEM, AGAIN. Splendid.
Service - Didn't get any! I was seated at the bar so I didn't have a server. Instead, the cashier at the bar dryly took my order and handed me my food without a word or a smile. Wow! Such service! A+++! So when it came time to pay for my order, she actually had the gall to ask if I wanted change (which I didn't need any, because I paid the exact amount). After she took my payment, she handed me my receipt with a tight, straight-lipped "smile" without a single word, not even a thank you (which, if she had, maybe I would've left a little tip on the bar counter!). 
Great first AND last experience, Cafe Lift!Good brunch food with a relaxed atmosphere. Lemon Ricotta pancakes were awesome, I would definitely go back just for them. Also, their house-made hot sauce was probably my favorite thing about the meal (I got a breakfast burrito)! I wanted to have some bottled up to take home! Parking isn't the easiest to find but that didn't deter from the overall good experience!Brunch at this place is great. Lines are not long yet but if more people start finding out about it that will change for sure.  The frittatas are my favorite hands down but the crispelle is also tasty from what I'm told.
Always a good meal with great service.What a gem! Great, great brunch. 
Our waitress was very nice and despite being packed on a Valentine's Day weekend around 11:30am, we were seated within 15 minutes.
I ordered the french toast and my girlfriend eggs benedict. TALK ABOUT PORTIONS! They were super delicious and I really appreciate the very fresh fruit and well-seasoned potatoes that accompanied the cinnamon-drenched french toast.
I really did have a great meal there and the prices were extremely reasonable considering the amount of food you get. I'd say $30 will be enough for two (including the tip!). 
If you're looking for a great brunch outside of the main limits of Center City and other trendy neighborhoods in Philly, take the #23 bus or subway up to Spring Garden and go to Cafe Lift. 
Believe me, it is good stuff.I loved everything about this place, except the location. It was on such a sketchy street! However, from the exterior to the interior I was so blown away. It looks like a quaint cafe on the outside and when you walk in there's all of this exposed piping and natural light that really creates a great atmosphere. Friendly reminder is that they are cash only! Food: We shared the cannoli French toast and a few coffees. Both were delicious. Service was prompt and the staff was friendly. Prices were amazing!This place is perfect for brunch! We had to wait an hour and a half for a table but it was totally worth it. We were waiting for four people who refused to give up their table for our party of ten by we eventually squeezed our way in  Management is awesome here. They gave us drinks on the house cause it took a little long which was so sweet of them. The dishes are humongous, especially their French toast! So good so good.HOT SAUCE!!! These guys have some of the best hot sauce I have ever tasted. They need to start selling it in bottles right away! We came here twice while on the work trip and I enjoyed the food both times. The breakfast burrito is full to the brim with eggs and veg. I asked to add chorizo as well and they had no issue with it. Got a side of the lemon pancake (for breakfast dessert of course) and the pancake was light and fluffy with just the right hint of lemon.
I also got the chicken panini. Bread was toasted just right and there was a good helping of chicken and veg on the sandwich. Service was fab both times and it was really nice to see the owner walking around and making sure everything was ok. Love this place and will defo stop in again next time I'm in Philly.I've driven by here so many times and the Cafe sign has caught my attention but the building never did so I never bother looking the place up.
Boyfriend wanted to try a new cafe so I Yelped a few places and this place looked promising.
The interior is different from most places but it's nice.
The water container they bring looks like a vase that I really liked. And their cups were cute.
So between the two of us, we had the Huevos Rancheros and the Chicken and Roasted Pepper Panini.
HUEVOS RANCHEROS:
(Toasted corn tortilla with refried beans, Mexican chorizo, roasted peppers and jack cheese, topped with two fried eggs and pico de gallo. 9.50)
I saw a lot of pictures of this on here and decided it would be to try out. Not a bad choice but it was too much for me for brunch.
CHICKEN AND ROASTED PEPPER PANINI:
(Grilled chicken breast, roasted sweet peppers, sweet onions, arugula and asiago cheese. 8.00)
Very yummy! I loved the sesame bread.
The service was quick and very good. I will be coming back here for the panini soon!Pancakes are horrible. Wait is ridiculous. Service is good. I wish I had more good things to say, but my all around experience has been subpar to say the least. It's a pretty busy place so I understand the delay in with a few things. Originally my fiancé was going to take the remainder of her food home, but since it took longer than we expected to receive the check, she ended up leaving it.Great food, cool atmosphere, very friendly and attentive staff.  Prices are reasonable.  The only reason it doesn't get 5 stars is they have only 1 bathroom.  It's completely ridiculous for a restaurant of that size.I consider myself an avid bruncher.  Sabrina's, Honey's, Day by Day, even Gardenia, I know all the places.  Friends are in town?  Go to brunch.  Meeting up with a bunch of people?  Brunch.  Not sure if you want breakfast or lunch? Brunch (as an aside, I actually prefer the term "blunch"). So when I was looking for a place to grab a quick bite with a friend before our softball game today, I was surprised to see Cafe Lift had such a history of stellar brunching, as I had NEVER heard of it.
After finding a parking spot on 13th and a short walk to unassuming doorframe, we walked into a kitschy yet super mod space with amazing smells coming from all over.  Coffee and water were served and my friend and I decided on spitting a turkey bacon and egg crepe as well as the cannoli french toast.  
The crepe was great -- thin, well-filled, yet I didn't really want the syrup it was served with.  We asked for some of the spicy red pepper spread which, although a little on the hot side, was just awesome.  I loved the pickled taste combined with the heat.
As for the french toast.  My oh my.  That's all I can say.  Three nice sized pieces of challah fried and served with a hefty dollop of cannoli cream, some chocolate chips, banana slices, and pistachios.  Honestly, i can't think of a better heaven.  Yeah, I do like my french toast a little eggier and a little soggier but these are small complaints given this meal.  
At under 15 a person, this was a great value too.  It's a little out of the way for most occasions but, Cafe Lift, you are my new choice for Blunch.Excellent product for a great price. Beautiful space. I tell everyone who will listen about this place. GO NOW.Best breakfast place that no one has ever heard of.  Only had to wait for like 5 minutes once.  I gave up Honey's about a year ago...no food is worth waiting for that long, especially when you're a hungover, coffee needing morning mess.  
Cafe Lift has easy parking, as it's in the Callowhill district where people still don't seem to live if you gauge it by vehicles.  Opens up at 10am but we've been seated before that by very obliging (or perhaps empathetic) servers.  
Lemon ricotta pancakes are the dish that most sticks out in my mind.  You'd expect a whallop of something but no...all the flavors are subtle and the result is a lightly sweet, thin pancake that melts onto your ton.  A lb. of fresh whipped cream is your choice to add.  
I enjoy the wraps, the frittatas, the pancakes...you name it.  There are plenty of savory dishes...and like Sabrina's (with a much longer line) there are over-the-top dessert-type breakfasts.  
The coffee is strong and good and they keep it coming.  Our poor tea-drinking friend doesn't have so much luck with the refills.  Service isn't great--which is why it'll keep me from throwing 5 stars its way...but that doesn't distract me from the food, which is saying a lot.  
It's almost completely replaced Honey's, Sabrina's and Morning Glory for me, which share similiar service issues.  I'm going to think the servers probably have the same hangover I do...except they were up since I went to bed!Wonderful in every way. Bottomless Revolver Rival Bros. Coffee. Jen's crespelle very good and filling. The panino was big and good. But my favorite was the lemon ricotta pancake. 
Service matches the food and vibe.Brunch on Saturday:
seated right away for 2
Eggs Benedict w/ home fries - very delicious! just wish there were more home fries!
Lemon Ricotta pancakes - also very good - the BF liked it
coffee - great! free refills = great!
the place is really loud, the staff are friendly, it feels like a hipster cafeteria haha
prices are also decent.  the area it's in was a little sketch - we walked about .5 miles to it from the Loews hotel and quickly realized the change in the neighborhood, but whatevs the food was goodLast time I was here I felt like the portions were a little bigger, although I was happy with my food. 
The huevos rancheros are awesome, but definitely bigger last time. Lil disappointed this time.
We had french toast which was huge and delicious, surprisingly not overly sweet too. If you're into that I'd say go for it, you will definitely be full.
I ordered the eggs Benedict special with wild mushrooms, romanesco, and mustard seed hollandaise. Extremely good.
Breakfast burrito was big, solid...but its a burrito, not hard to be delicious. 
I want to try the Cuban but I'm skeptical, had a lot of bad Cubans in places that weren't Miami. 
All in all this place is an awesome brunch spot, reasonable prices and portions. I'd go 5 stars but the wait was way longer than expected and what we were told. Also, don't take cards or reservations.When I'm bitching about living in Philly, which is often (disgruntled West coaster here), just thinking of Cafe Lift LIFTS my spirits and makes me wish I could stay here just a little longer. 
I always get the regular french toast because the bread is perfection - crunchy yet soft, sweet but not too much, and the additions of fresh, GOOD quality fruit, superb helpings of whip cream, and delic maple syrup are to die for. 
Actually, as my slogan says, this is the type of food that will make you orgasm.
Today I had the lemon ricotta pancakes. It took all my might not to stick with my usual, but I love the idea of lemon in any dish, so I ventured out and became a risk taker.
OMG...these were fantastic. Light as a cloud, with just the right amount of lemon and ricotta to remind you these pancakes were no ordinary Aunt Jemima concoctions. And the usual fruit, whipped cream, and syrup were bountiful and heavenly.
Damn Cafe Lift, if I could have you everyday, I could stay in Philly forever - or until the end of summer.
Other pluses:
nice service, good prices, not too overcrowded, WAITING area is appreciated, funky yet not too over-the-top decor.This was a surprise tucked away in the middle of a neighborhood. It's a BYOB so bring your Champagne or Vodka for brunch. Total repeat!My first Cafe Lift experience was really good. Went later on a Sunday and it took about 20 minutes for my part of 4 to be seated which I thought was fair. I got the heuvos Rancheros and I they were really good.  It came with their house made hot sauce which was really good/ awesome. I even asked for extra( I love spicy!)
The only things that I wasn't too fond of was the noise level was really loud- which I understand because of the style/construction of the space but it was intense. And it was really warm for an afternoon in the space as well. It didn't feel like there was air conditioning or flowing air of any sort- which made just sitting and eating borderline uncomfortable. (The space wasn't completely full if people either- so I could only imagine what that would be like)
Regardless- I'd still go eat brunch there again.I've had a really great time here on multiple different occasions, but somehow for me, it's never been a favorite brunch spot in and of itself. 
Cafe Lift has its own chill feel with an industrial interior, but I'm personally less of a fan of the whole vibe because it just feels a bit cold and stiff given their metal chairs, exterior pipes, plastic water jugs, grey/red color palate, etc. Their tables are also kind of fastened to the ground in rows in a factory-like and rigid manner that makes me feel a bit cramped, even though it's not like a particularly small space. 
Service is pretty good overall, and food isn't bad but I also haven't been wowed. For example, on my most recent visit, I ordered their egg mushroom toast but there were so few mushrooms that it felt like I was just eating egg toast. Also, I've had their famous lemon ricotta pancakes in the past, but in my opinion, those pancakes were too mushy and flat. I know others love how "moist" it is, but I think it tastes far too soggy for my ideal pancake. To date, it is still cash only as well. 
I feel like I must be missing something because quite a few other people I know seem to love it, so take it as you will!All of their food here is good, but sometimes the service is sub-par and they skimp on the portions. Their employees have been short when they've messed up an order and their "bowl" of soup is a slightly exaggerated "cup." With that being said, I'd recommend the place! Generally I've experienced good things.I went here on a whim as a last minute breakfast/brunch date with my friend (early Friday afternoon). Warehouse-esque feel, very open seating. We were seated immediately upon entrance at a 2-top that was directly next to another table. A very neighborly feel if you luck out with nice people next to you. Unfortunately, today we didn't, but its all about the experience. The service was prompt and coffees were never left empty. I ordered the french toast and a side of breakfast sausage. It came out hot with a golden crust and a soft warm center. Additionally topped off with bananas, strawberries, blueberries, and a side of whipped cream (house made). It was delish. And I wish I could of eaten it all but the portions are gigantic! My counter part ordered the crepelle which is the equivalent of a breakfast burrito wrapped in a delicate crepe that happened to be the size of a football with a side of potatoes. The potatoes were inch thick cubes that were seasoned and fried--- a must have if you want to order an extra side. Overall, I will be frequenting this place more often.This place was kind of dissapointing. Came here at around 11 with my girlfriend the Wednesday before Valentine's day. The meal got off to a great start, with a delicious crab bisque. We originally ordered one cup, but I liked it so much I ordered another. For our "main course" I had the burger. This was a disappointment. The beef was bland, nothing popped and the burger was missing the fried egg that it was supposed to come with. As a side, I received what I was told was a salad. I guess if you call a handful of lettuce and some generic balsamic dressing a salad, then thats what it was. I just used it to put on the burger. My girlfriend ordered a chicken salad sandwich. She liked it. Quoted as average. Our server was attentive, quick and friendly. She, and the soup, were the highlight. The coffee was also tasty. Maybe I will give this place another shot for breakfast. Maybe.I felt like I was dining in a hipster office cafeteria. Colorful artwork & furniture, painted pipes on the ceiling, and a laid-back atmosphere. The best part was that we didn't have to wait an hour for seating and that the place was cheaper than most brunch "hot spots" in the city.  It was about $22 for 2 people. CASH ONLY!
BUT my food was just ok.  My panino had too much bread that the flavors were muddled. Every table seemed to have one person with "Jen's Crespelle"... fancy for eggs & turkey bacon on a crepe with syrup.  It was something I might go back to order.Yummy brunch at a decent price! 
I've been to Cafe Lift several times, and while I'm not often blown away by their menu items, they're always good and always well portioned. I came most recently at 2pm on Friday and (as you can imagine) there was no wait, which was great! I ordered the cannoli french toast and my SO ordered the eggs benedict. 
The cannoli french Toast wasn't very sweet, which he liked but I was sort of sad about. It came topped with a ricotta cream, pistachios, banana, and chocolate. I didn't think it tasted much like a cannoli, and I also didn't really love the bananas on it (too mushy and not an interesting mix of flavors - wish that it had berries instead), but it wasn't bad either. My date's eggs benedict were great though! I love a good eggs benedict and Cafe Lift definitely delivered: perfectly poached eggs, crispy ham, beautifully roasted potatoes. 
When I come back I'll probably just stick to the basics, since I think that's what they tend to do best.The downfall of this place is also key to it's greatness: its location. While trying to find this place, I became genuinely concerned I was on the way out of Center City and on to KOP/Pittsburg/NYC/who knows where. It is tucked away in an industrial area, which means it is a bit out of the way, BUT far enough to deter the masses of fellow brunchers from flocking here. We went for Sunday brunch at 11:30am. NO WAIT. It was amazing. Usually I am ravenous when I get to a brunch spot Sunday morning, and then I became irrationally angry when I have to wait...it's not like everyone in Philadelphia eats brunch?!? 
Anyway, cute place, warm and inviting. My BF order huevos rancheros. Fantastic! Perfectly crispy tortilla, with tasty goodness piled on top (in a good way, not a mishmosh and stuff to make it look appetizing). It was fanastic. I had the egg panino (egg sandwich basically). It was pretty good, I wish the bread was thinner and more grilled -more panini like. This one was more like thick white bread, which thus negated the tasty meat/egg/cheese inside. Nonetheless, it was still fine. I think the food here is better than Sabrina's. At Sabrina's, the food is always huge in proportins, but a bit bland. The two plates I had at Lift were nicely seasoned and filled with breakfast delight. I will gladly taste test again!We ordered the huevos rancheros and Avocado toast and they were both delicious. The food came out very quickly and the service was great. It's a little noisier than what I am used to for a brunch spot but that added to the trendy vibe. I totally recommend this for brunch.Never disappointing... Kool place for friendly gatherings for the fellas! Not that it's not woman friendly, it just has and a masculine feel to it! #HintForTheFellasI have NEVER tried french toast as good as I have here. It was absolutely amazing! 
I went with 2 other friends from the area and we each had a dish to try. 
We ordered the Cannoli French Toast, Huevos Rancheros, and the Breakfast Burrito. 
The French toast itself was amazing, paired with pistachios (my fav!), Cannoli AND bananas....I was quiet the entire time I was eating. It was such an adventure in my mouth! it was equal parts sweet, savory and salty. 
Huevo Rancheros has the most delicious chorizo and had such fresh pico de gallo. There was additional heat towards the back end of the bite, but boy that just makes you quench for more bites!
The Breakfast burrito surprised me also. 1. It's huge. 2. definitely vegetarian friendly 3. sweet grilled onions...*drool* why don't people in california figure that out? Use sweet grilled onions in their breakfast burritos and you'll be selling them like crazy!!!
Definitely worth the drive to try this place!!! Make sure you bring cash but besides that, the meal was definitely worthwhile!!!CANNOLI FRENCH TOAST. CANNOLI FRENCH TOAST. CANNOLI FRENCH TOAST. CANNOLI FRENCH TOAST. CANNOLI FRENCH TOAST. CANNOLI FRENCH TOAST.
lemon ricotta pancakes. 
CANNOLI FRENCH TOAST. CANNOLI FRENCH TOAST. CANNOLI FRENCH TOAST. CANNOLI FRENCH TOAST.
no wait to be seated, friendly server, delicious iced coffee. 
CANNOLI FRENCH TOAST. CANNOLI FRENCH TOAST. CANNOLI FRENCH TOAST. CANNOLI FRENCH TOAST. CANNOLI FRENCH TOAST.Super good food great service! Thus little cafe is located in the last place you would think. Very artsy but makes sense. The regular breakfast menu sounds delicious but I chose something from the special. Sausage gravy and biscuit with scrambled eggs and potatoes. Omg! The best gravy I have ever had with yummy seasoned potatoes mixed very well. Way more than two eggs folded perfectly tasted amazing and the biscuit was huge and baked perfectly. The coffee was awesome as well. Service was great. Come here over and over again.LOVED this place. definitely a hipster spot, not a swanky brunch spot. but the food was on point and the service was great. 
two important things...CASH ONLY and BYOB!Café Lift and I did not get off to a good start.
I called ahead to find out the wait for a party of two and was told it would be about 35-40 minutes. Perfect. The plan was to swing by, put our name down and then go buy a bottle of bubbly since it's a BYOB brunch. The only problem was that when we got there, two counter spots were available and my big mouth accidentally mentioned the Champaign run. Due to their seating policy, we wouldn't be able to be added to the list. Their policy isn't my reason for the three stars because it is what it is. Take the policy or leave it. I just feel it is fair to include my entire experience in my review. 
Disappointedly I left figuring we'd try Café Lift another day. My husband was determined though, so we made the bubbly run and came back to give it another try. Upon our return, our wait time was about 30-40 minutes ago. We got to waiting and I was quickly losing my patience which is NEVER a good thing when going to a popular brunch spot. We were practically across the street when my name was called about 20 minutes into the wait. It was probably a good thing because I'm not sure if I was going to come back another day to try again.
It was all up from there. Our server came over fairly quickly and seeing us with a bottle, get us quickly set up for mimosas. Since we had time to review the menu, we were pretty ready to place our order of the special French toast and the Jen's Crespelle. 
The French toast was made with challah bread topped with pumpkin cannoli filling, chipped bittersweet chocolate, and maple-soaked walnuts. The Jen's Crespelle consisted of scrambled eggs, turkey bacon and fontina cheese, rolled in an Italian-style crepe and topped with maple syrup.
The French toast platter was huge so there was more than enough for me to try, and for my husband to still have leftovers. It was almost like eating cake. It was fluffy, sweet and the maple-soaked walnuts were to die for! I couldn't really taste the pumpkin in the cannoli filling though. 
The Jen's Crespelle was the perfect balance for folks who have sweet versus savory decision issues. The crepe was thin but sturdy and housed the egg, bacon and cheese nicely. I typically don't have fontina cheese with my eggs, however it did a great job being melty and blending with the eggs. I couldn't taste any syrup when my platter initially came out, but there was a container on the table so I was able to dress the dish myself. I guess I could do that with any savory dish. I'm storing that trick away for my next brunch outing. There was also a small side of potatoes which were pretty good. They weren't fried and possibly broiled. In any case, they were very fresh. They had a nice, possibly rosemary like seasoning to them and were quite enjoyable.  
As far as the setting, we were seated right behind the hostess booth. There was enough space between us and the next table, however the restaurant was very loud. This could be due to the high ceilings in the building.  I almost felt like I was screaming at my husband to communicate with. 
Despite the initial hiccups, I enjoyed my food and am glad I ended up sticking it out at Café Lift. However with so many top notch brunch spots in the city, I won't be rushing back.If you live in Philadelphia you probably already know this is one of the spots for some good brunch. I came to Philadelphia for the weekend and this is the place we decided to eat bunch at and we weren't disappointed.Got the french toast with seasonal fruit. It was ok. I've had better french toast at Sabrina's or Green Eggs Cafe.I've been here a few times.  I think the food is good not great.   My biggest complaint is the noise level.  When the place is full it's incredibly loud and hard to have a conversation.I am a fan!! My boyfriend and I went here for brunch on a Sunday, and we loved it. When we went in we were attracted to the aroma of the food. We were advised that there was a 45 min wait. We didn't mind because the smell of the food got us hooked. I have to say thus place is very cute and quant with a lofty atmosphere. I'll def come back. And our food was delicious.So in Philly there are 3 places that i get french toast for brk.  Here, Sabrina's and Green Egg cafe.  The portion they give you here, as the pictures show put this just past the other 2 for this one item.
Canolli filling, shaved chocolate, pistashios, bananas, and that thick cut challah bread make this a must visit.
When you come, come for this.
Cons:
Cash only.  The bathrooms have no ventilation and are like 90 degrees year-round.I love Cafe Lift!! Came here for a brunch meeting with coworkers during the week, so I can't speak to the lines/wait for weekend brunch, but it is definitely worth it!
The food is exceptional. Jen's Crespelle is probably one of my favorite brunch dishes I've ever had. It's a crepe with eggs, cheese, and bacon inside. So so so good. It's also pretty big, so its a good dish to share with another person.
We also tried the cannoli french toast - delcious! And different from Sabrina's stuffed french toast, so definitely try this one too.
It also has a really cool vibe - very casual and chill with industrial decor. I can't wait to go back!Welp I've found my new favorite breakfast joint. HOLY MOLY was this place good. We went around 12:40 on a Saturday and had to wait about 20 minutes for a table. The 3 of us each ordered frittatas, one plum tomato w/ pesto, one mushroom, and one brie and andouille sausage. The mushroom was the best of them all, followed by the brie/sausage, and lastly the plum tomato. But they were all good! The potatoes and toast were delicious, too. Oh, and the coffee was amazing. I don't know how they made that La Colombe taste even better than usual, but they must've sprinkled some type of magic in it. Only complaints? $2 upcharge for egg whites (but the waitress actually told me when I ordered, so many thanks to her) and the long hots in my frittata were bitter for some reason. I will definitely be back...maybe even tomorrow!cute place for breakfast/brunch.
shared breakfast burrito and Jen's crespelle with a friend. very filling breakfast that can last many hours.  Jen's crespelle was a crepe filled with eggs, fontina, turkey bacon, drizzled with maple syrup.  served with a few slices of strawberries and side of potatoes.
service was okMy brother has been wanting to come here and I've been wanting to take him and my mom here. Finally got a chance!
Because we came on a Thursday at 10AM it was not crowded at all; but try coming at 12 on Sunday and you will have an hour wait.
My mom had the Sausage Frittata for $8.50which had spicy Italian fennel sausage, sauteed spinach and fresh mozzarella cheese. She was in love with it! She does not normally like American food, especially eggs and breakfast kind of thing but she could not stop raving about it while she was eating. She also complains a lot about American food not being hot enough when it comes out but this was very hot and she loved that. However, she did say after you get half way through, it isn't as good but I think it was just her full tummy talking.
Her dish also came with 2 slices of whole wheat bread that were sooooo yummy! I think they get it from Le Bus; I saw a box from there in the back when I went to the restroom.
My brother had the Cannoli French Toast for $9.50 Challah bread dredged in a cinnamon vanilla custard, baked, then finished with bananas, chipped chocolate, pistachios and homemade ricotta cannoli filling. He wanted something sweet and was debating about 2 things and in the end chose this one. She was very excited about it but after it all, he said it was alright.
I had the Fried Egg Panino $8.00 Two fried eggs, crispy pancetta, plum tomatoes, arugula and fontina cheese, served with our homemade hot chili spread. I was kind of disappointed. A part of my bread was clearly very very burnt black but they gave it to me that way anyways. There wasn't anything special about this sandwich and the sauce is something you either liked or you didn't.
The other thing about American places is that they let you sit and chat. Service is suppose to be kind of "slow" in a way but it took way too long to come ask us if we were ready for a time where there was only 1 other table that was going to order.
Thing I love about Asian places is they serve you quick. I think it's the whole hurry up so other people can have the table kind of business; I don't mind it at all unless they start getting rude.
The restroom is also creepy.. It's just something about it.
After the first time I came here, I thought I remembered this place being really really good but after this time, I think it's just okay. I don't know if I would chose to come back here but I know the boyfriend has been wanting to come back.
They also have a cool designed table that slides on a bar that I didn't notice last time. I think it's actually really cleaver!
Also didn't know they had outdoor seating but that area is not a really nice one that you would want to really sit outside.Little behind on my review and playing catch up.
Thank you to the Yelping community for your suggestion to have brunch here. The food is out of the ball park here and the ambiance is totally hip. Lots of hipsters in their 20's and 30's. Fun place to visit and just relax and unwind.
Once you walk in the place is packed on Sunday Mid-Day. Hostess are sweet- take your name and ask you to sit in the wait area or outside where there are patio table and chair by the entrance on the sidewalk. They come and look for you when table is read to go.
This place takes cash only. It is a Bring Your Own Beer/Liquor. Someone at another table brought Champagne.
We ordered Cafe Lattes. Needed that pick me up for a fun filled day out in Philly.
You definitely must order the Cannoli French Toast. A sweet tooth delight! Who would imagine Cannoli on French Toast. Sheer Genius. Simply Scrumptious! The French toast is so moist and the sweetness of the Cannoli gives it that kick and the richness of the Ricotta Cheese. Did not pour any syrup on the toast. That is how tasty it was. Wanted to order a second one but we had the Avocado Toast coming out as well.
About that Avocado Toast- Over easy egg cut with a fork and drips onto the sourdough bread. Just makes my mouth water for another piece.
Folks I am a glutton for delectable, scrumptious food that makes my taste buds yearn for more. Will be back again to this establishment the next time that I am out in Philly.
Great service with staff even though they running all over the place for they take time to answer your questions and even gave suggestions of where the hot spots to visit in Philly.I'm documenting my second time I was here. Trendy, hipster-ish place that isn't large enough to meet its popularity. Place can seat about 8-10 people comfortably in the wait area. We got there around 11:30ish on a late Sat morning, and my friends and I had to wait about 10-15 minutes for a table of 3. There's a small space at the bar/counter by the register for about 2-3 people if you wanna hurry up.
Food took about another 15 minutes to come out. Not bad, place was full, if not very close to capacity, so they had to be bustin tail at this peak time. I had the Huevos Rancheros with a side of potatoes for $9.50. Portions are more than fair and worth the money. Roasted red peppers was a different spin than what I'd eaten elsewhere. Came with quartered, red taters were super garlicky. The whole dish had flavor, nothing bland about this dish at all. I enjoyed it with my 2 cups of coffee, and I didn't eat for 5 hours after that meal and I have a fast metabolism.
Service was friendly. Although, before I was finishing my last 3 bites, all pre-cut like my steak when I was 5, our 1 of 3 servers places the check on the table....."No rush", she said and walks away. Really?? Then why did you put this here? What if I wanted more coffee? I hate that passive-aggressive bullshit. I did swivel my head around (my back was to the waiting area) and the line was going into the entrance stairwell. So I get it, but I frigging despise that move!
That said, I did enjoy my food. My friends cleaned off their plates too. I bet if I came here at an off-peak time, I bet my experience would be better. I'd give them another shot. I hadn't been here since '08 when they were still Cafe Lift and there was close to no wait.
P.S. - Their ventilation system is not adequate. You come out smelling like the aromas of the food. I recall this both times I've eaten there.
P.S.S - Lots of eye candy. Couldn't really see them until my second cup of coffee though : )Delicious, delicious Cannoli French Toast. The long wait was worth it. Like most fabulous brunch places there is a wait. Be prepared. They do serve coffee to you while you are (patiently) waiting for your table - especially if you are missing a few people from your brunch crew as they have yet to arrive. This is cash only so hit up the MAC machine before you arrive. 
Honestly, for you to have a 5 star experience make sure you and your whole party are there before 10:30 and your brunch will be stellar!BYOB Brunch. This place doesn't need anymore excellent reviews, but oh well! Obviously people love Cafe Lift and I'm so glad I got to see why :) 
While visiting from NYC, I was excited to find this gem. We got there around 1pm on a Sunday and wait time was about 35 minutes. The place has quite the character. I felt like I was at an Art Gallery. FYI, you can purchase some of the paintings on the wall. 
Cash Only!!!  Items are super cheap. Average like $10-$12 pp. I had the Huevos Rancheros.... finger lickin' good! If I'm ever in this area again this is a must-visit cafe!! The staff was friendly, our waitress always had a smile on her face. I wish this place existed in NY, I'd be there every weekend.Looking at the number of reviews convinced me that this was the breakfast spot to try and when I arrived the line wrapped around assured me that I was in the right spot.  It only took about 20 minutes to get a table and as the waitress poured us a water carafe and brought us our coffees it took a while to pick from the menu but we decided on the breakfast burrito with bacon added and the cannoli French toast.  Both awesome!!!Any true brunch enthusiast is well acquainted with the recurring dilemma: sweet or savory? And I'm sorry to say that Cafe Lift's menu choices will force you to confront this troubling issue yet again. 
For sweet lovers, the cannoli french toast is a must-try: thickly cut bread slices smothered in cannoli cream and topped with crushed pistachios and chocolate. Amazing.
On the other hand, the breakfast burrito is ginormous in size (think  Chipotle-proportions), and offers a b-e-a-utiful mix of scrambled eggs, veggies, and jack cheese. And you just can't go wrong with any of their frittatas. 
All in all, Cafe Lift offers several great choices that will satisfy your craving, whether it be sweet or savory. The great prices (nothing over $10 on the menu) and huge portions definitely don't hurt either!This is my first negative review on Yelp.
Looks great, great location, interesting menu and yet, there were 15 open seats while the 15 odd patrons had to wait 30 minutes.  I actually asked one of the wait staff "why are there so many open tables and yet, so many of us waiting?"  "I have no idea" was her response.  The waiting patrons were clearly getting angry as they had to wait with so many vacant tables.  They had two hosts which were glued to the podium so it couldn't have been lack of help.  I guess they like to create a line - makes for demand?  I had to wait 40 minutes and all during that time there were no less than a dozen open seats.  
There were a list of specials on a board w/o prices.  I asked the waitress what the price of one of the 5 selections was.  "I don't know" was her response.  Wow, she had been serving specials for 5 hours and didn't know the prices.  Jumping and finding out would have been the better response.  There were other issues but what the heck why bore you.  The general attitude was we were putting these people out by asking that they take our orders and serve us.
One of the waitresses came over and re-filled our coffee while clearly leaving a trail of coffee all over the table.  She looked down, realized she didn't have a rag, and opted to merely just walked away letting  us play clean up.  So much for professionalism.
Cash only?  The place has upwards of 75 seats, lunch/breakfast is an easy $20 combined and only cash?  It is understandable/cute when it is a small inexpensive place.  Yet, it is a major inconvenience for the patrons in a debit card world.  They gleefully let you know there is an off brand ATM in the corner.  You can pay dollars for the transaction, three to them and two to your bank, and the restaurant even collects their percentage of the fee from the ATM owners.  Now there's a deal.  All so they can benefit from the tax benefits of only taking in cash.  
There is a bar around 50 feet north of them with a great bike rack - you will need it b/c they have no place to lock up bikes.  Patrons should be encouraged to use green modes of transport.  They are clearly shooting for the younger hipster so.....it would be a way of saying "this is for you." It is a young and hip place so people using bikes should be both expected and supported.  Just another way of them saying "we don't care about the patron."  
Bottom line - you are going to leave there $20 lighter per person and they seem not to give a darn about the patron.  The staff is "so over this" and the food was decent.  It could be free food and I wouldn't return for the attitude.  You can't blame the staff  - they are hired, trained and retained by the owner.  There are dozens of other like brunch places in the area, do you research and avoid this.great brunch place with cool atmosphere and great service!Came on a Saturday morning with three girlfriends. We waited for maybe 20 minutes to get a table, not bad as they have seating off the side for you to wait. The food was delicious (I had the eggs benedict). I would go back as the atmosphere is pretty chill.My favorite brunch in the city. Neat, lofty space. Great food, La Colombe coffee, friendly staff. Plan on waiting on the weekends.I was saving my appetite just for this... brunch :)
I was visiting one of my friends in Philadelphia and I told her we were going to eat everything in sight.  I think we achieved that goal.  We decided to eat something one sweet and one savory choice.  We ordered the cannoli french toast and the eggs florentine.  Both were delicious.  It's always good to order both and share.  The cannoli french toast was the perfect dessert.  I really liked the potatoes that came with the eggs.  We ended up ordering an extra just because it was so good.  I definitely am glad we were able to come here.This is a bustling eatery near the Philadelphia carriage stables so we saw live horses being washed in a neighboring alley before entering the Cafe. There is a pungent horse odor but it is quickly replaced by the wonderful smell of breakfast foods as soon as you enter this amazing little place. It is very eclectic and industrial looking and there is seating for about 60 people at tables and a counter. Once seated we were offered fresh brewed coffee which was tasty and my friend ordered an espresso which she proclaimed was one of the best she had in a long time. 
Knowing the portions are large after reading the reviews we ordered meals for two for the three of us. We had a mixed mushroom frittata and the challah French toast with fruit. These were definitely splittable for three. We indulged in this feast of breakfast foods by each taking one of the pieces of French toast, and some of the fruit. Then we split the wonderful crispy baked frittata. We were definitely filled and felt we had found a nice place to eat before going back to Baltimore. The meal including tip and tax was $11 per person which was a bargain considering the amount and quality of the food we were served. 
Note: This place opens at 9 am on Saturday and Sunday. It was filled by 9:30am with people waiting inside and outside for tables. If you want to avoid those lines, go early like we did as it was starting to fill at 9:15am.Couldn't' wait to return for the cannoli french toast!  I also shared a mexican style chorizo baked egg dish with my son-- spicy and super satisfying.  my cuz had the ricotta lemon pancakes which she enjoyed very much...the coffee is outstanding.   Service was friendly and quick!HipstAr kind of an ambiance with rustic atmosphere. Yes the food was delicious everything we ordered had a distinct taste to it. Tasted well to pallet and hit the spotThis is a great cafe.
Cool atmosphere, good food, good service.
If I had a complaint it would be the fact many of their great dishes aren't available on the weekend menu.
Which kinda sucks.
Oh, and it's cash only. Which also sucks. 'Cash' isn't exactly the direction the world's moving in...
There's an ATM onsite with a stupid fee on it.
But overall, it's a decent local spot.Disappointment.
After hearing friends speak highly of Cafe LIft, we gave it a try and its very possible we won't be back.
The wait for a late Saturday morning wasn't long, but I may have been more comfortable standing in the waiting area, rather than be seated. The space behind my chair was considerably large and although I am tiny and had my body was scooted tight against the table, somehow waitresses were still bumping into my chair. Not to mention we were so close to the group next to us, I could practically feel their breath.
After taking our order, our food came at least 30 minutes later. I understood they were super busy, it was the weekend of course, and decided to forget about how long it took and enjoy the cannoli french toast I was dying to try. Too bad it was cold. And yes the french toast was huge, but extremely dry, I felt like I was drenching it in syrup after every bite.
Maybe if my friends drag me here, I'll experience a better meal next time, but if not Cafe Lift will remain at the bottom of my list for brunch.Cafe Lift was a great choice for Saturday brunch! I went with a group of 4 and the food was absolutely delicious. I ordered pancakes with chocolate chips. They were a little bit dry and I thought they'd be fluffier but overall they were good. My friends ordered the cannoli french toast, breakfast burrito, and the jen's crespelle. All of them said that their meals were amazing and the portions were huge! I took away a star because the service was so shotty. We did not have a set server and at times it felt like they forgot about us and I had to get my own syrup after I asked them twice or repeatedly ask for more water. Other than that the place is great and I am definitely going to go again!A very mixed group of 20-something (and one 30-something) were visiting from Jersey.  They took my suggestion upon Yelping for a brunch spot and found this one.  Out of 9 of us, there was not ONE disappointed face.  I was in shock.
We ordered 3 plates of the Cannoli French Toast that was shared among the table - OMG!  Delish!  I had something from the specials called Florentine.  It was a take on eggs Benedict with spinach and crab meat - very very good.  
This will be worth a trip to Philly for the day.  Prices were excellent, place was clean, service was excellent.  What else can you ask for?The food tastes amazing, has great portions and is relatively cheap. I had the Sausage Frittata it was sooo good but I'd love to try more items. Maybe next time in town.This was a really great spot I enjoyed my brunch. I ordered the famous stuffed cannoli pancakes the first time with a side of eggs and it was delicious! I got it without pistachios the first time, but I definitely recommend getting it. The eggs were great as well and portions were large. I have two complains though their large "fresh squeezed" orange juice was not large nor freshly squeezed. The service was painfully slow, especially considering both times I went there was during a weekday and not during their typical crowded weekend brunches! I'd hate to see the service during the weekend. That was a major turn off for me!Flight cancelled = extra night in Philly.  Grabbed breakfast here as it was a nice 10 min walk from my hotel.  Quick service, cool atmosphere, friendly staff, good food -- definitely adding it to the 'list'.  Definitely recommend.Yelp led us here on a dreary Saturday morning, and our wonderful breakfast was a bright spot in a day that turned out to be full of rain and walking (mostly simultaneous, if you would believe that!) 
We had a nice surprise when we arrived and there was no wait; based on reviews, I had expected we would be there close to an hour before dining. And our cheerful server didn't bat an eye when I chose to drink the coffee I had brought along (again, anticipating a wait) instead of ordering theirs.
Our chief reason for visiting Cafe Lift was the cannoli French toast, and when my husband saw the seasonal version (pumpkin, maple and walnut) he would have done a round of handsprings if he'd had any idea how. I like a bit more protein for breakfast, so settled on the corned beef hash. While we waited, we took in the decor, a nice fusion of rustic and modern. It was also nice to be on the mezzanine level; we had a nice view of the drizzly street below.
Plates arrived fairly quickly, and we dug in. My hash was a great combination of tender corned beef, cannellini beans and roasted cauliflower and broccoli romanesco (sort of a broccoli-cauliflower hybrid) topped with two eggs over easy. It reminded me of a dish my mom makes, Napa Valley Beans, but this had less substance -- there weren't many vegetables, and it really needed some cheese to hold it all together. Still, I ate it without complaint -- it was hot and flavorful, and I was hungry!
My husband attacked his cannoli French toast, and I stole a couple of bites. It was expertly prepared, with eggy bread and warm maple syrup and crispy walnuts and creamy ricotta (it was much more watery and light than cannoli cream, I guess from the addition of the pumpkin.) The crumbled chocolate on top was just too much for me -- I don't love super-sweet and rich foods in the morning.
During our meal, we had some interesting interactions with the staff: the manager came over to ask how our meals were, which we appreciated, and the hostess amused us by doing yoga-like moves from her post whenever there were no incoming customers. I don't mean surreptitiously stretching a leg or two; I mean full-on Warrior One in the middle of the restaurant. We weren't offended, but we did giggle a little.
If we're ever in the area again, I'd love to try one of their more pedestrian entrees; it could be we were just too adventurous this time around!Opting for the savory side of the menu, our group of four came for a late 1pm Sunday brunch.  Liking the industrial decor, we were seated in a cramped  table that still had the detritus from previous customers.  
While most of the tables were full, it  took over half an hour to get our food from the time we ordered.  But the paninis, and egg plates were generally worth the wait.  My huevos ranchero was hearty and flavored nicely with pico and chorizo.  Must show my disappointment with the fact that one of the yolks of the fried eggs was broken.  Important for someone who loves his eggs runny to have it intact.  The wife got the eggs florentine, but the poached eggs were overdone and the yolks were virtually hard.  However, the spinach was nicely made and the tasty hollandaise brought the dish together.  The La Colombe coffee was good.After a treacherous walk through trash, over a deserted strip of land, and over a railroad, we came upon the hidden Cafe Lift, the delightful brunch placed we'd heard so much about. Likely due to its location, Cafe Lift is packed but with a short waiting time - we didn't wait more than 10-15 minutes for a table. 
Cafe Lift was a near perfect brunch experience - the waitress was lowkey but totally on it, the plates were filling but not overwhelmingly large. You know that godawful feeling when you've eaten too much at Sunday brunch and have no way to improve the situation? That won't happen at lift - if you order right, you'll be pleasantly plump, full and happy when leaving this delectable brunch spot. 
Our choices:
JENS CREPELLE: such a sucker for maple syrup on anything. such a yummy crepe filled with scrambled eggs, turkey bacon, drenched in maple syrup. perfection.
LEMON RICOTTA PANCAKES: so freaking fluffy. and delicious. and amazing. i would use one as a pillow if i could, and dream fabulous dreams of me eating truckloads of these pancakes. 
also a treat - check out the japanese goods store next door while you wait for a table! full of fun little knick knacks.TERRIBLE breakfast.  Live nearby and it's really the only place in this neck of the woods.... will NOT be going back again.  The last 2 times there have been poor.   It seems the quality of the food has gone significantly downhill.  The plum fritatta fell very flat.  I requested egg whites which was a $2 upcharge!  It was greasy and the mozzarella was anything but fresh. We had a hard time finding the sandwich fixings in between all that massive bread on the fried egg panino .  I think the homemade chili sauce it came with had soured too.  The potatoes that come with both meals were cold and the toast was very burnt on one end.  It was not very busy at all and yet we still waited about 20 mins for our food.  Overall the breakfast was a disaster.  The espresso wasn't even that good - OH and they didn't have any soy milk.We were regulars at this brunch cafe when we lived in the Philly area! It is a great place for brunch, especially their house special - French Toast with fresh fruits and Spinach Crab Meat Egg Benedict (not a regular dish, only offered once since we've been there. There is different versions but the crab meat made the difference in the dish). The home-made salsa is great with everything except the sweet stuff. 
The price is reasonable, but only can pay with cash. Don't forget to stop by the ATM before you head to the restaurant or be ready to fork over an ATM fee (ATM Machine available in the restaurant). 
In overall, Lift Cafe is a fabulous place to have brunch with friends. The wait can be a little long if you come during their busy hours 11-1pm. However, you will regret if you leave without tasting their food!Great fresh squeezed OJ, cappuccino and fruit bowl.  Service with a smile even while they were opening.   Great neighborhood joint.first time try, tried because of yelp reviews. homemade hot-sauce is out of this world! the nutella crepes are unbelievable!!!!!!!! must tryThe huevos rancheros were delicious.  My wife ordered Benedict, which was also worth coming back for.  The staff were friendly and accommodating. We will be back soon!!This place is so delicious! I love getting the cannoli French toast and the fact that this place is BYOB. There is usually a little bit of a wait, last time I went it was 30 minutes. But it's worth the wait. I will def be back!Cafe Lift is a great and cozy brunch place! The place is spacious & the staff are super friendly. The menu is filled with a variety of brunch food. I highly recommend their sweets on the menu especially the classic French Toast and their famously known Lemon Ricotta Pancakes - super fluffy & delicious! The only downfall about this place is that it's Cash Only however there is an ATM if needed.Very hipster cafe that reminded me of Seattle and that I absolutely loved. Came in after the Broad Street run and only waited 20 mins or so to be seated. The frittata I got was delicious! I'd definitely recommend the place for brunch. Enjoy!Their breakfast is extremely amazing, and the selection looks very good, it makes it hard to choose from. The last time I've had their brunch was a while ago, but I've usually had their breakfast burrito which is fabulous. Most times I don't get burritos with eggs but they make it really good. Most recently, my job has booked two parties here and the service was impeccable and great. Everyone was very attentive, caring, and fun. They made sure we enjoyed our night. I just do wish their panini sandwiches that were part of our package deal had some spread or more sauce on it. And if the pizzas were more buttery. But that's about it. Slight change to the recipes is all, but I think the experience of being in such a nice place with great ambiance and great service makes up for it all.Ate here again and had a baked salmon frittata. I wasn't very impressed. It was cooked too much around the edges and was too crispy for me. My potatos were hard, and my tea was served lukewarm, just like the last time I was here. At first, I thought it was a one-time incident, but now I know they just don't serve their drinks hot. My fiance's cafe au lait was lukewarm as well.
Overall, I still like this place, but I will never order the salmon frittata again.It's too late now to keep this spot our secret .. sigh.. great while that lasted but apparently the word's now out on the street. I absolutely LOVE this place. Yes. capital L-O-V-E. I must mean business.
Everything I've tried on the menu (and stolen from friend's plates) taste amazing. My all time favorite is the nutella french toast. I've already asked for it even when it's not on the menu to the point where when my boyfriend goes there on his own he is recognized by the waitress as "The guy whose girlfriend loves the nutella french toast"..
my second favorite is perhaps the breakfast burrito followed by the Jen's crespelle and mushroom frittata.
The ambience is industrial chic and perfectly lowkey - great start to a Saturday morningBrunch with a group...on a Sunday.....expect a long wait and some pre-gaming across the street...take a snack. Bring CASH and BYOB! Oh and there is only one (yes one) bathroom....so don't hold it too long cause there will be a line when you get there. 
Went and put our name in for a group of 7 and we had to wait about an hour and a half. So we went across the street for some drinks which was totally fine, except some of our group was borderline hangry (wish we had a snickers with us). 
Once we got in and seated everything  was great. The food is way better than the service - service was meh, well our server was meh...the other servers keeping our drinks filled were much nicer and more attentive (give us attention please). 
It's a BYOB so we did get hooked up with some mixers and they said that they are going to start having a bloody mary mixer which is key since we brought Vodka and ended up with screwdrivers since all they had was OJ. But still not exactly a problem haha!
The food really is AMAZING, and they give you such a great portion...which after the wait it was needed! Some went with biscuits and gravy (big as a mountain), I got the huevo rancheros (magical) and some went with steak and eggs. Not one of us had a complaint about our food that is for sure!This is one of my favorite BYO restaurants for brunch. The main menu has so many options for anyone that comes and the seasonal menu they offer always have great specials! 
I got the breakfast burrito and it had lots of flavor and filled to the top. The potatoes came on the side which were also cooked well and had great seasoning. If you're looking for something sweet, be sure to get the lemon ricotta pancakes. Just enough sweetness and a side of homemade whipped cream.
One negative thing is the wait. If you're waiting, also be sure to check in because the last time I went they happened to tell me my table was ready when people waiting shorter than us got seated first. (We were the same table size) Overall, I recommend this restaurant.I love this place! Never disappointed and have changed what I have gotten every-time. Friendly service, great coffee, and amazing food. Even when approaching the building I get excited by the smells. Prepare for waits on Saturday and Sundays but they have a nice waiting lounge. My favorites so far are the mushroom fritatta, salmon benedict, breakfast burrito, huevos rancheros, and to my surprise my favorite is the smoked salmon bagel platter. The cream cheese spread has capers, onion, sun-dried tomatoes and other really yummy ingredients, also served with arugula and sliced tomatoes on a selection of toasted bagels. Love their coffee bar and that they serve pellegrino seltzers-plenty of flavors.This was a close venue to our house that we rented out for a few days and it was the perfect breakfast/brunch spot. The pancakes were the best thing there - nice and fluffy. The breakfast burrito also hit the spot! The service was extremely outgoing and friendly. Café lift is small with some really tasty and fairly inexpensive food - a fantastic breakfast/brunch restaurant. Eat here and I guarantee you will be satisfied! Make sure you bring cash though because they don't accept credit cards.Cafe Lift is amazing. Everyone is so nice and the French toast is a piece of heaven in a dish. Salads and sandwiches are also fabulous.
Plus free coffee refills with great coffee is the cherry on top of the sundae.the food was so amazing, especially for the price! i would definitely recommend going here for breakfast. the service was not the best but the food makes up for it. our waitress was not the most attentive but don't let that deter you from coming here!FOOD - 5 STARS - I think the brunch food here is about 5 stars.  For some people, I'm sure you could overlook all my other thoughts below based on my food rating.   I've brought guests from out of town and we've brought friends that never heard of Cafe Lift.  Everybody was really satisfied with their meals and they would eat here again.  I really enjoy the Mexican themed heuvos rancheros.  You should avoid purchasing the $4.50 fruit salad unless you don't mind poor value for your money.
ATMOSPHERE - 4 STARS -  I like the industrial look of the place.  There's only one unisex bathroom for everybody to share, but basically this is not a big deal.  You almost always have to wait on the weekends for seating, but  they have a 'mod' furniture waiting area.  It can get a little awkward sometimes waiting a half hour for seating in the rectangular shaped seating area.  It looks more suited for a group session of 12-16, but it's hard to break the ice with strangers who may be about 7 feet across from you.  If every seat was utilized, I would guess there's room for about 60 people to eat at once in the entire restaurant.
SMELL AND AIR QUALITY - 1 STAR -  I believe there is a big 1 star to this place that always annoys me about coming here - the greasy smell that you get on your clothes.  I had brunch here this morning with my wife and my jacket and sweatshirt still reek of the grease vapor that was permeating the air at the restaurant.  Cafe Lift needs a ventilation shaft to suck that grease vapor into the air and not on customers.  I don't like smelling like a vat of french fries cooking in oil.
SERVICE - 3 STARS - It's busy on the weekends (the only time I have ever been here) and I doubt Cafe Lift is charging top dollar to enable them to hire more staff.  I feel like service is more often slow, then punctual.  I feel like they could use more staff.
OVERALL - the food is excellent, you usually have to wait for seating on the weekends with so-so service, and if you're sensitive to smell, you may notice later that your clothes smell like the grease in the air at the restaurant...  the smell on my clothes (I checked 8 hours after I ate there) is such a deterrent that I can only give this place 3 stars overall.Most amazing and mouthwatering breakfast burrito I've ever had.. and even more amazing that there was not a scrap of meat inside. Portions are very generous, the service was totally fine and the atmosphere is nice. Will definitely be back for brunch; can't go wrong with this place.This place is overrated. Wait was an hour, only takes cash, my server lied to me and said they didn't have chicken. What restaurant doesn't have chicken? My friend ordered a grilled chicken sandwich... that was chicken. I don't eat pork and she didn't let me sub anything in my meal...so I had to just get extra veggies and go meatless. So disappointed...save time and go to Sabrina's. They're friendlier there!Okay I had high hopes for this place after all the rave reviews so I'm thinking I need to go back and eat in and order something different before I make my final decision about this place. However, as for what I ordered today it was "meh." I ordered the SSS (Soup, Sandwich, Salad), I absolutely loved the concept of this because I can never choose 2 out of the 3 at places when you get a choice of the combo you want. 
I did get to choose which soup I would be having- Butternut squash. The sandwich on the otherhand was already chosen for you ("toasted fontina sandwich"), and the salad was also already chosen for me (side salad). When asked what the sandwich entailed she said it was like a grilled cheese panini. That sounded good to me! Wrong. But we will get to that later. I'm not a fan of mixed greens so when I asked if I could get a side portion of one of their specialty salads and just pay extra I was told no. I then asked if I could at least get a different kind of lettuce, again I was told no. I decided to suck it up and just get the side salad anyway. I also ordered an iced coffee. 
Why was the grille cheese bad? It was slabs of cheese thrown in between two THICK pieces of sesame seed bread and put on the panini press. No fancy sauce, not even butter on it. You would have barely noticed there was cheese in there except that the bread was sticking together. Very plain and WAY too much bread, especially since it was white bread with no option for wheat or a healthier option. The side salad consisted of mixed greens with no added vegitables and a very vinegary balsamic vinegerette. Not a fan. 
The only two redeeming factors that this meal had to offer me was the iced coffee (which honestly, how hard is it to screw that up?) The other being the soup, I have to say it is thick and not too creamy with just the right amount of seasoning! I may go back just for the soup!
Also, my meal was a take out and I was given no plasticware and no napkins!Cannoli French Toast and Breakfast Panino were awesome, our waitress very friendly, and the food came out surprisingly quickly after putting our order in.  Doesn't seem like there is much going on from outside but this place is always packed.  The breakfast potatoes on the side of my sandwich were cooked and seasoned really well.  BYOB.  Would recommend and return.I just got from lunch from Cafe Lift, and this little cafe is sweet.  It's half a block from Prohibition Taproom and has been on my list of places to go for some time.  It's only open for brunch and lunch, and the menu is quite limited.  It's a bummer that I forgot to take pictures.
Lift markets itself as a "Euro style cafe" but basically only serves up salads and paninis.  Is that euro-style?  Despite this, there were a few really good options for the sandwiches, from salmon to prosciutto along with the one token veggie option.  I had the Cubano sandwich with grilled pork, smoked ham and pefectly caramelized onions.  Top that with fontina cheese and aioli, and you have one delicious sandwich.  I had to conciously make myself slow down because it tasted so good.
My sandwich was served with mixed greens on the side with a drop of salad dressing.  Overall, it was a weak side dish.  Our server was mostly attentive, with the only slip up being a few minutes in between the sandwiches being delivered.  That can always be awkward for a second.
Cafe Life has a pretty nice modern atmosphere, and sets a few tables outside with umbrellas when it's nice outside, which I love.  This place also serves up brunch, but from the limited lunch menu, I'm guessing that brunch doesn't feature anything outstanding.
Bottom Line: The prices are great here, the food is really good, and it's realatively close to where I work.  It's a great little spot, but it's not about to become your new favorite cafe.  Still, the paninis are well crafted and it's a great light lunch on a beautiful day.First off, I'm just gonna say that the "industrial" setting doesn't really do it for me. I'm I the only one? In addition to just looking kind of sad, dark, cheap, and not cozy, my boyfriend and I went on a cold day and the inside of the place was almost as cold as the temperature outside! wtf! And the waitress sat us right next to the ass huge window, we later moved.
It was lunch time, and we both got paninos.  I got the tuna artichoke one and my boyfriend got the grilled chicken with an arugula salad.  They both were very tasty!  I guess the food would be the thing that saves this place for me.  I'll have to try their brunch if I ever hit up this spot again.
Coffee is overpriced which sucks - $2.50 for the smallest size?!
The service we got was lackluster (slow, wave to the waitress to get her to see you).
I would give this place another chance in the spring or summertime maybe cause the food was pretty good. 
Go when it's warm out!Since I've really been getting into the "brunch scene" lately, I decided to give Cafe Lift a shot. Upon our arrival, we were told there was a short wait. No worries as there were comfy couches where we could sit down and chat. About 10 minutes later we were seated at the bar. Due to the overwhelming hype that the huevos rancheros were getting via foursquare and yelp, I decided to make that my no. 1 choice. However, this was difficult due to the fact that many items on the menu were intriguing (i.e. cannoli french toast). Needless to say, I licked the plate clean and had a very happy tummy when all was said and done. My gf couldn't get enough of the hot sauce and kept stealing some off my plate. Our server was friendly and checked on us regularly. So why not the full five stars? It was extremely sticky and humid and they did not have air conditioning on. However, I plan on returning. 
P.S. Bring cash. They do not take cards.Consistently the best brunch in Philly, and to top it all off it's a BYO. 
I highly recommend ordering anything that comes with their homemade hot sauce.I went back Sat.morning,was waiting for friend , some time had passed, I was starving.We ended up going in there, wanted something light, so we split the Lemon Ricotta pancakes!! Wow, not thick, thin, just slightly thicker then a crepe, fabulous, just what I needed. Definitely want those again!! Course the coffee was great-as usual, the waitresses are always pleasant.Pretty cool little spot in Callowhill... Interesting look and feel with all the industrial machinery being used for table structures and decor. The food is a nice comforting style of delicious - a big ole bowl of grits with veggies and chopped salami did the trick on a cold Sunday morning. 
It gets pretty busy on the weekends and, as most places tend to experience, the service takes a hit. They're very nice, just a little overwhelmed. All-in-all, we'll be back!This is my favorite brunch place in Philly. 
1. it is fun to look at... i like the decor and there is usually some fun art on the walls.
2.  CANOLI FRENCH TOAST.
3. the homemade hot sauce oh my god. 
these are really enough for me... I might also suggest the wild mushroom frittatta because it is fantastic, as is the breakfast burrito (extra hot sauce on the side please!!!!).  They also have Limonciatta, which isn't rare, but makes me smile.  
I am very unhappy that the pumpkin canoli french toast was something i missed and would like it very much if it came back before summer......I went today for a friend's birthday. We went around 11:45am on a Friday so it was not too crowded. We were able to get seats for 5 quickly. Soon, it did get crowded though. I can see why though. We ordered:
Breakfast Burrito
Polish Benedict
Cannoli French Toast
Lemon Ricotta Pancakes
Fried Egg Cheesesteak
It was delicious! I personally got the cheesesteak and it was so good. I like it the most for the savory! For the sweets, I love the lemon ricotta pancakes! The lemon was light and fluffy! Not too overpowering at all! The cannoli french toast was a bit too sweet for me but still good! 
Place is cute and service is great. I definitely come again!Service sucked. I waited a super long time. they got my order wrong and then the server gave me attitude when I (very politely) asked if they could fix it. Slow service with several serving staff changes on a slow day. I won't go back. All of that said, the food was delicious.Phenomenal.
Our meal here was mind blowing. I wanted to order everything off the menu, that's how good everything looked and sounded.
Ended up getting the Huevos Rancheros with chorizo and it was packed with a ton of flavor.  For those who might not be familiar, it's basically eggs with meat, beans, and chili sauce all served on tortilla. It came with a house made hot chili sauce and the spiciness was just the right amount and really added to the flavor mostly to the eggs.  Adding a little pepper to the dish would also be a good move and small suggestion on my part.
We also ordered the granola pancakes with butternut squash. You can easily eat these pancakes without any syrup.  The pancakes were very hearty and weren't those thin pancakes. It was topped with sugar, a glaze, and a house made whip cream. Came with three pancakes.
A lot of hipsters come through here. And the area feels like a re vamped floor of a warehouse.  Great vibes!
One of the best meals I've had in Philly!I LOVED this place!  
FOOD: excellent!  I could have had every item on the menu, and when I go back time and time again, I will.  I had eggs benedict, and they were fantastic.  The omelette my friend had was amazing, and the sweeter breakfast items I saw all around us were to DIE for!
COFFEE: WOW! Some of the best coffee at a breakfast spot.  Kept on re-filling our mugs with La Colombe coffee.  I was rarin' to go by the time I left!
AMBIENCE: so fun...very deconstructed, lofty feel.  Tables and bar and decorations, I felt like I was somewhere in a SOHO loft in NYC.
SERVICE: our waiter was very attentive and didn't rush us at all.  
I am bummed I was only in town for a couple of weeks, but will DEFinitely return here next time I am in Philly!I'm hooked on their French toast  but everything I've had is great. Also recommend their breakfast burrito. Great coffee! Packed for brunch and cash only.New to the Philly area and have been to a few brunch spots so far. Cafe Lift is definitely the best brunch spot we have been to in the city so far.  We got the fried egg cheesesteak sandwich and noticed that every table there had ordered the Cannoli French Toast so it was a no brainer that we had to try that too, which was on point!  The fried egg cheesesteak sandwich was delicious and packed just the right amount of heat. Would definitely go back there again to try their other items but if you go, you have to try the French toast.Solid go-to brunch spot. Pretty popular so be prepared to wait before getting seated and have cash as it's cash only (ATM on premises). Good coffee and great food. No complaints.
(Highly recommend the biscuits & gravy and the fall hash & cheese grits - will not disappoint)I'm laughing because I went here about 2 weeks ago but I still think about how GREATTTTTT the food is so I decided to write a well deserved review.
Visiting Philly for the first time I thoroughly looked on yelp to find restaurants and bars. After reading reviews  and seeing pictures I decided to try Cafe Lift and thank  god I did lol. Although it was packed ( Good sign of having good food) I didn't mind waiting no big deal because once I tasted the food I was in breakfast heaven. I ordered chocolate chip pancakes topped with strawberries and whip cream (PERFECT not too sweet they were just right) with a side of bacon (Also cooked to perfection). Long story short me and my boyfriend came here two mornings back to back.The service was polite and good enough, but the food was just slightly underwhelming. I got the Benedict special which was what I would expect from an Eggs Benedict, but there was barely any hollandaise sauce that was supposed to be the special truffle hollandaise. Also friend got cannoli French toast that was just dry. Altogether it just wasn't that great, but maybe if we had brought a drink to this byo place we would have had a better time.Their cubano is top notch! Even if the service isn't. I tried to order over the phone via their yelp menu, but the guy over the phone was having a hard time hearing me (it was pretty loud over on his end) and he was getting frustrated with me. Not even my fault, dude! 
Anyway, their sandwiches are killer but their salads are a waste of time/money for how little you get.This is one of my favorite brunch spots in the city. Obviously I would except a very long wait if you're going during peak brunch times so I would recommend coming at a non peak time of day (right at opening or late lunch on the weekend, or during the week). I have yet to order a dish I didn't like. I recommend the lemon ricotta pancakes, any of their Mexican style egg dishes, and they also had a bangin savory crepe special one time too which I loved.Came here for brunch on the weekend of Hurricane Irene.  Fortunately, they were open for the day and the place was packed.  We had an amazing meal.  The staff was friendly, if not a little crazed with all of the people, and our food was wonderful -- I got the plum tomato frittata which was delicious and my hubby had the french toast, which was delicious.  We stuck around well after we paid the bill and no one kicked us out, which I really appreciated. 
The surrounding area is dead and we were a bit hesitant walking in because of the neighborhood.  However, the place itself is cute and modern and cozy.  Highly, highly recommend a visit for brunch.  Kid friendly too!One of my favorite breakfast spots in Philadelphia. Great place to go to for brunch. They do get busy on Sundays! Food is always promising. Yet service not so much. Service can be hit or a miss.. last time i received awful service. Server was rude and forgot to put our order in, and did not even apologize... other than that i like the atmosphere and how different it is from other places.Cafe Lift is KING. Great coffee, food on point, fair prices, and free street parking. The lemon ricotta pancakes are some of the best I've ever had - subtle touch of lemon & the perfect amount of sweetness. The specials are often creative and surely deliver. Check this place out, chances are you'll like what you eat :)I had made plans to meet up with close friend of mine, Don't know what happened, but she never made it, but I had a an appointment ,s o I knew I was going to Phila-anyway. It was pouring,got inside, sat by the front-stool, got the Nutty monkey, which was a light Crepe, with nutella spread & bananas, since I wanted to French cannoli french too bad, but portions were Gi-normous, this looked safer-NOt!! Got the great coffee, only able to eat 1/2 of it..But Damn-it was so wonderful. To die-for!!! I do eventually have to go to the savory side, once try the other things!! Yummy!!!!I see why it's so crowded! Excellent food. Well thought out menu. Breakfast Burrito and the Canoli French Toast was divine. The Americano coffee comes in a wide mug for fun sipping. The hostesses were friendly and apologized for the 25 minute wait. Which they told us about ahead of time so an apology  wasn't necessary.  How nice.This my by far my favorite brunch place in Philly. Make sure to try their French toast!This place has gotten better over time, esp given my scarred experience of their Cannoli French Toast topped with hard, unmelted Hershey's chocolates (fatal quality control fail: why would anyone think sprinkling hard bits of Hershey's chocolate on French toast or pancakes is better than the melted version...? and worse was the waitress didn't even notice that looked wrong...)
Along with my like of their Brooklyn industrial loft feeling with a touch of warmth, I dig their lemon ricotta pancakes. They do this just right, it's not too sweet like a blueberry pancake can be (but some with a sweet tooth would love that), and it has a nice touch of lemon taste and texture to the pancake. If you're not sure or feeling you need a little pancake on top of a main item you're getting, you can always order one pancake - very helpful!
I'd come back just for their lemon ricotta pancakes!We came here about half hour after they opened on a Sunday and were still able to get a table right away, though the place did look pretty full. Our food was great - homemade hot sauce FTW! - the coffee was strong, and our server was great about refilling it (I was intiially disappointed about the size of the small, lego-style cups). Everyone from the host to our server to the food runners were super friendly, and there were so many things I wanted to eat on the menu - and actually COULD eat - not always the case when you're veg! One star off for being cash only... I'd ignore if this was something super unique, but you're just a really good restaurant, that's kind of out of the way - get with the times.So many bunch options in the city and this is my least favorite. I appreciate the limited menu compared to other places because decisions are easier to make and one assume they make the dishes better since they make essentially the same dishes every day. Unfortunately the yelp reviews overestimated the food and raised my expectations. This is a OK brunch place. My huveos rancheros was good but it's difficult to mess this dish up. My second of lemon pancakes wasn't stellar. It was dense and almost chalky. What brought this place down to two stars was the service. We waited 15-20mins before anyone served us water. Our waiter was all over the place and we barely got any service which normally I wouldn't are but I brought out of state guests. Not returning.The food was pretty good but its located in a somewhat sketchy neighborhood. (good for parking but not for drivers)
Also, not a fan of seating, we had a party of 12 and we had to split into 2 groups. They are also very strict about not allowing seating till the entire party is there which is really hard to do with large groups...I haven't had the pleasure of dining here during brunch because the one time I did, the host said it would be a 2 hour wait. I'm out! So definitely come here really early or on the later side during the weekend or during the week when there's less of a crowd. I've been here on middays on Fridays when there's plenty of seating. 
At the table, you get a carafe of water, which is really nice since you get to serve yourself. I tried both the huevos rancheros and the lemon ricotta pancakes. Both of these dishes are so good that I have tried to recreate them myself at home. No luck as of yet. The huevos rancheros aren't greasy at all and tastes as comfort food should. Good. The best part about the dish is their homemade hot sauce that comes with it. If they sold it by the bottle, believe me when I say I would buy it by the case. The lemon ricotta pancakes are really good because they are light. I do wish they were bigger given its price. On one occasion, I had strawberries on them and on another I had strawberry jam, which took off a star for me. 
Consistency with a dish is very important and the slightest change can throw things off. Another star taken off is cash only/hit or miss service. I was kind of taken aback when I received change (i.e. dimes, quarters, etc) after I paid with a full bill rather than rounding up/down to the nearest dollar. There's also an ATM if you forgot to bring cash.Poppin bottles with the ice like a blizzard ...... 
Well thats sort of what we did armed with 3 bottled of bubbles we descended on Cafe Lift.. to get well lifted.
There were six of us so we had a slight wait but once we were seated it was on ! 
I decided on the tomato frittata with pesto. The frittata was  overflowing with asparagus , mozzarella cheese and tomatoes then  drizzled with pesto pretty much a party in my mouth. The egg dish came along side a few (i do mean a few) roasted breakfast potatoes and toast. The potatoes were pretty good i just wish there was more a little more taters on my plate. The only downside to brunch was the cash only business luckily KP never hesitates to have a bank roll on her and i downloaded the pay pal app so i could repay her pronto.
Will i be back oh yeahCame here on a Sunday at about 10 and we had to wait about 10 minutes for a table, which was less than what we expected for Sunday Brunch. The salmon bagel was absolutely delicious and they did not skimp on the salmon. The huevos rancheros had the tastiest salsa I have ever put in my mouth! Definitely a must try! The portions are wonderful here for the price you pay. Cash only, but if you don't have cash, they had an atm in the waiting area (which I used).A table for two seemed like a bright idea on a Sunday morning, but we were wrong. My SO and I ended up waiting to be seated an hour in after some other party took our table (grr!). Huge parties seemed to be accommodated pretty quickly, which was strange but I digress. 
Food was spot on as usual! We had their pumpkin cannoli french toast which was just the right amount of sweetness. I had the prosciutto panini which was less saltier than the last time I had it and I appreciated that. 
The hostess was sweet enough to comp us for the waiting issue, which was nice. 
So basically don't come on a Sunday morning if you must, just sleep in!I was really excited for this restaurant but turns out it's a little over-hyped. We got French toast, chili, eggs Benedict, and lemon ricotta pancakes and it was pretty average.It's nice to have a brunch option where you can park and get a table without waiting an hour - huge bonus. I've probably been here about a dozen times over the past 4 years, and service has always been good. Personally, I like the way the place is set up, with more minimal modern furniture and exposed brick... which makes sense, given that this is in the LOFT district! Food has always been good. Good in that I'm hungry and this warms me up and satisfies me kind of way, not so much the "this fulfills my soul" way.  I'll keep going back every so often, as its a fun spot. I do however, really, really wish this wasn't cash only, really need to remind myself to carry cash a bit more often.Come here for: casual brunches, cozy decor, and classic breakfast/lunch offerings
Cafe lift is a solid brunch spot that I would definitely visit again with a friend. The menu offerings are definitely less extensive and less creative than Green Eggs or Sabrina's, but the food is also a little cheaper as well. Generous portions--I left feeling comfortably full but not hating myself. 
Standouts include the lemon ricotta pancakes, which were super fluffy and light, and the potatoes, which were extra crispy. I wish the pretzel bun on the fried egg cheesesteak was toasted, as it got soggy very quickly. The western frittata came sizzling hot, which was a plus. 
Overall, I liked cafe lift and would definitely come again. I came on a Tuesday morning and it was already pretty crowded--I could see a potentially long wait on the weekends. Credit cards are accepted.I had heard the buzz going around about Café Lift and just had to see what it was all about.  Yes, located in the citys unattractive "Loft District", Café Lift in my opinion is a formidable challenge to Sabrinas.  Whenever I try brunch at a place Ive never been to before, I always order French toast.  Like other reviewers have mentioned, the portion sizes are not like Sabrinas over-the-top-almost-like-Cheesecake-Factory-you-end-up-bringing-food home, yet at the same time, it is enough.  Within 20 minutes of ordering, the mound of challah bread sledged in egg then baked which was topped off with fresh bananas, strawberries, and blueberries, with a side of homemade whipped cream makes is served.  It was amazing.  I look forward to trying the ricotta pancakes next time I go.  The only down-side is that they dont accept credit/debit cards... everything in cash.
Apparently it is owned and operated by the people who run the Prohibition Tap Room just up the block.  Signage is very similar.Food is delicious. I was worried because there are a lot of homeless walking around. 
Neighborhood looks sketchy as hell but when you walk in the vibe is completely different. Cool, bright, nice staff. 
Food is worth the money. Share!!! 
The portions are large. More than enough to share.Best brunch I've ever had. They have the best house coffee--full of flavor, rich and unlimited refills. No need to get the fancy shmancy latte shenanigans because the coffee was delectable.
If you're in for something sweet, order the french toast and you will not be sorry. It comes topped with fresh blueberries, banana slices, strawberries and mango bits. The whipped cream is also delicious and I'm not even a big fan of the stuff.
The steak and eggs special was also absolutely delicious. The steak isn't fatty or oily, complementing the eggs really well, especially if you order it a little runny (sunny side up or over easy).
For a hipster/trendy brunch spot, the service exceeded my expectations. The host/esses and waiters/waitresses were friendly and accommodating. My suggestion is to get there around 10:30 a.m. or earlier. Any time after 10:30 a.m., it starts to get crazy hectic and really loud. My boyfriend and I went in around 9:45 and the place was maybe a quarter full and made for a peaceful brunch date until the crowds started coming in.
Can't say enough good things about this place. I've heard that the huevos rancheros are a specialty so I will probably order that next time...but with my french toast because I don't know how I could walk into that place and not order it again.On this past Sunday morning, Elizabeth B. and I rolled up to Cafe Lift for a brunch a little closer to the "unch" part, rather than the "br", thinking we would miss the crowds. I've looked at their menu before, found it intriguing, but just never got around to trying it until this weekend. I also thought Cafe Lift would be a good choice, a spot off the beaten path (as in, a random stretch of 13th Street between Callowhill and Spring Garden), far from the queen of all brunch spots, Honey's, and everyone's OTHER favvy fav this side of Center City, Cafe Estelle. I was pretty much wrong because Cafe Lift was bumping, although closer to the degree that Cafe Estelle bumps, far from that of Honey's. 
After climbing the short flight of stairs to the dining room, the first two tables I saw were filled with pretty much everyone I know, including but not limited to guest stars of many of my reviews, Alexandra W. and Mr. & the future Mrs. Stephen S. - great minds think alike, guys. We waited around for a quick 30 minutes to be seated, but no big deal there. The food was good - after attempting to order the huevos rancheros, sans sausage, I was told that the refried beans weren't vegetarian, either. I should have inquired what about them wasn't veggie but I didn't. I went with the roma tomato fritatta instead. Compared to the most recent fritatta I had at Sam's Morning Glory, it was absolutely superior in texture, flavor, and content. My only complaint was the lack of roma tomatoes. There were (I counted) THREE IN THE WHOLE THING. THREE? Five would have been plenty, four would have been okay, but three was not enough. It was heavy on asparagus, light on the star of the show. Still very delicious. The potatoes were solid, but I'm a potato person, so that's cool, the toast had grill marks on both side, no crust, was maybe lightly buttered, but what is toast without LOTS of butter and strawberry jelly? Answer: not much, not much at all. I didn't really eat it, but whatever.
Even though Cafe Lift is a liiiittle heavy on Ikea merchandaise, the atmosphere is pretty open and solid. All in all, a good meal, a nice little place, with a good menu. From what I heard from my homies, the breakfast burrito is tight, and the other egg dishes are solid as well. I'd like to try the french toast - I'm pretty sure one comes with pistachios. That's what I want next time. I'd probably return for the same reasons I showed up here in the first place - under-the-radar location and great menu choices. Could use more tomatoes, veggie refried beans, and could defintely do away with the whack Ikea mugs, but other than that - good times.Huevos Rancheros are the best I've ever eaten! Everything is delicious!I wanted a to go a cafe to sip coffee and work on drawing. But when I entered Cafe Lift they had a server who wanted to seat me. Utterly confused I said , "no, thanks" then I went to the counter ordered and asked if we are allowed to just sit and work without ordering more. She said, "sure." At this point I still wasn't getting that this place IS NOT A CAFE! You can get cafe items for there or to go. But it's ambience is a restaurant not a cafe. And I stress this because they are called CAFE Lift!! I sat for close to minutes waiting for my cafe au lait. I finally asked and was told it would be over soon and waited another 5 minutes! The place was not busy at all. I was literally about to get up and leave as I hadn't paid yet when the server brought it over. Which made me realize I'd need to tip him. He also brought me a menu.
The cafe au lait was really good! But in these places you are paying 90% for the ambience and it sucked.  The table I had was wobbly so I couldn't draw. And the atmosphere was just so NOT relaxed. Basically it's bougie as hell. I felt as if I was being rushed out, especially when I declined to order. I drank my drink fast and fled. Then drove to the The Monkey and Elephant Cafe where I could breathe easy.Cafe Lift has generous portions of a good mix of delicious options - some are decadent and some you could tell your dietitian about. (I would describe it as a more balanced Sabrina's or Green Egg's Menu). 
We arrived a little before 11am on a Saturday and were told it would be a 30-45 minute wait for 3 people. There's a decent inside waiting area with some seating that make the waiting more pleasant than some other brunch places where you're shivering on the sidewalk.The food was terrific - way better than most 'little breakfast places' - and reasonably priced.
Eggs Benedict spot on! Just enough hollendaise - really good hollendaise! - yummy ham, eggs poached just right. The few potatoes on the side were more like a savory dinner side than the usual breakfast fare and I'm looking forward to trying to replicate them at home. Lemon ricotta pancakes with strawberries and whipped cream, also just right. Sweet as the ingredients suggest, but not over the top. Pancakes just lightly lemony, creamy from the ricotta, the strawberries barely dressed in sugar/juice and the whipped cream tasted like good dairy. Coffee was great too! Service was friendly and on their game, coffee cup kept full, and the food came out fast at 10:30 on a Saturday. ~$20 for the two breakfasts and one coffee. Only downside was that it's loud in there - the noise hits you when you walk in and you kind of have to yell. Cash only, and there's a little ATM inside. Fine place to bring a well-behaved kiddo, though not much extra room to accommodate a kid who wouldn't stay in their seat (though, is there ever really room for those kids?)Our go-to breakfast spot - specials are always interesting, regular menu items are ace. Go early at the weekend 'cause there can be a little wait. Only minus, they don't take credit cards.I've been here a couple of times for brunch and always leave happy! You can't go wrong with the crepes or any of the sweet dishes- just depends on your mood. Try the banana nutella crepe or cannoli french toast (delicious!!!!!!)
They seat you fairly quickly and service is great.
*dont forget, cash only but they have an ATM on premiseThe warm faro salad was ridiculous! Poached egg on Tom with loads of bacon. Seriously delicious. I was even able to bring half home and share it for dinner. Bae LOVED it. The veggie soup was also amazing on a cold day. I was super sick and it was loaded with veggies, which I have to believe cured my cold, right?! shout out to Anna for hooking a sister up when I forgot cash and my debit card wouldn't work. Coffee and a bagel. So sweet. Paying it forwardIf they took reservations I'd be in heaven. This is one of those hidden neighborhood gems that truly understands what quality and service mean. I come here mostly for the huevos rancheros. For the 3 years I've been coming here it's been the same excellent quality dish. It's never wavered and is always consistently excellent! 
That's the beauty of this place. The quality is top notch, portion size amazing, and the service is always excellent. Again, a true neighborhood gem!I have nothing more to say then this was 10/10 one of the best meals I have put in my mouth. The cold brew was spectacular and I ordered the cheesesteak egg sandwich ... I ate every last bite and the rest of my boyfriends French toast. Be prepared to wait but it's totally worth the wait.Food was decent, ordered the huevos rancheros. Seemed tasty but the temperature was off-putting: lukewarm. I want my food to arrive hot so that was a big thumbs down for me. Coffee was good, service okay but certainly not attentive. Overall just mediocre execution in a hipster ambiance....not planning to returnI came here with a really high expectation since the yelp review for the place has been pretty good. Looked forward to the French toast. 
Ordered the canoli French toast, it was alright. The bread's really fluffy but a bit soggy. The type of French toast I usually like are the ones that are crispier on the outside. There's not too much cinnamon on it, which I appreciate as I don't really like cinnamon. There's not too much canoli cream on it, I would say it's the right amount. The plating wasn't too nice. 
However the service is great, the waiters are very attentive. I would say this restaurant, other than its cute decor and great service -- is just alright.Great Brunch! All other reviews were pretty on the ball, my only note is that this place is cash only, and being one that never carries any cash I was surprised to see that. They do have an ATM in the restaurant, thank goodness. I had the special, eggs bene Florentine, totally delicious! My friend had the Challah fresh toast, it was like eating a cinnamon roll. I will definitely come back here again when I visit Philly.Great place. The wait can get pretty impressive but was only about 15 min for us at 12:30. It seems to gets very smokey in the restaurant, largely because the kitchen is directly connected to the dinning area and even with proper ventilation, it can get palpable. I got the Eggs Florentine, which were  beyond good - just heaven (the crab meat, the spilling egg yolk, and the greatest hollandaise sauce I've ever had with just a hint of truffle oil). My friend got the salmon bagel; the marzipan spread was pretty good. I'd recommend it heavily for the food - wait and smokiness are the only downsides.Excellent choice for cash only quick brunch bites in Philadelphia. The food was outstanding fresh and they make their own hot sauce which is awesome on eggs. The jeans crepe was tasty mix of sweet and salty. The bacon was thick not too salty and extremely tasty ~some of the best I've ever had. I recommend and also it is always nice to support nearby farms #buylocal.