Not a fan of Cafe Soho. 
There are flies buzzing around your head the entire meal. 
The bowls and cups need to be updated. It's just cheap stuff. The double fried chicken was all skin. Talk about overrated. 
I will not be going back.Came here the other day with my cousin.. we came right at opening (3PM) and were the first ones there. I've never been here before and have been acticipating to come for the longest!! The food took a little longer than j expected. .esp because we were the only people there. But I'm sure it's bc the chicen is cooked to perfection.  We only ordered the Soy chicken bc the spicy would've been tooo spicy. But the soy was delicious! ! Super crunchy awesomeness in one little bite. We wanted to order the pineapple soju but it was too large to share with only 2 people.  Maybe next time! The decor is cute as well. It's a must try, but if you come on a busy evening, I'm sure the wait will be a lot longer than normal.Oh bon chon chicken, why are you so good. Why why why. And why do you have to come in 20-piece servings. Why not four, or five, maybe even six, so I can exercise some portion control? I mean...of course I'll order 20 pieces, if that's all you have. It is not my fault I only came with one person and we now have to eat 10 wings a piece. Right?
The chicken here is perfect - spicy (if you like it that way), crispy, juicy and delicious. Love the radishes, too. Come hungry.I love coming here for some bomb Korean chicken but my last visit here the food took way to long to be made, especially when its only one order of half and half. Could use a better cook staff and not make me wait almost 50mins for only an order of chicken.Best Korean bbq wings in town. Atmosphere is pretty cool too. Prefer the soy wings out of all the flavors and enjoyed the bubble tea. Kind of pricey thoughHeard all good reviews about the place,  and gorgeous food selections with the exception we were interested.  I came along with a group of 15 people including some kids. It was a Saturday night around 8pm. At first sight it was a beautifially designed restaurant with neon lights to attract attention to customers with lounge area like sitting through upper level and regular restaurant seating on the lower level. Steady night it seemed with plenty of seating availability.  As we were being settled in at first glance,  the menu was done very well with lots of pictures to embrace the food selections. Everything was going well until 5 minutes in service before we could order anything,  the manager of some sort dropped a bomb shell on us that just left us with a very sour note. He came in asking if we're expecting any more people?  We answered no. Also mind u, they dont accept reservations.  On that note, he asked us if we can combine two tables with our group? Now mind u, the tables fit 2 -3 people per table. To have enough space for maneuverability.  So it would be 6-7 people he wanted together at one table. The reason behind the confusion,  he said he is expecting a bigger party which hasn't arrived yet!  Wtf?? So on first thought we said wtf? Our business isnt good enough for our group that we have to accommodate for others that hasn't arrived?  Again there were plenty of seating available. So we all discussed how rude and inconsiderate thst was that it was very disappointing that to have brought to our attention. So we decided to leave overall and take our business elsewhere which wanted our business down the street at tofu house which was a lot busier but also still accepted us no problem besides the wait time of 10 minutes.  If you ever go to cafe soho.  ORDER TAKE OUT ONLY! HORRIBLE SERVICE!!!!Best wings ever!  Bonchon is 10 minutes away from me but I still rather drive 40 min for soho. I always get the garlic soy and spicy. The spicy is SPICY. Wished they could do a spicy garlic soy that's half as spicy as the regular spicy. 
Wished they would have a center city or Chinatown locationThis is some of the best Korean Fried Chicken I have ever had. Perfect in every way. The energy and ambiance in the restaurant is unique and fun. This place is a gem.This place is a gem and totally worth the 45-minute drive from South Philly. They almost exclusively do twice-fried Korean-style wings, but there are a few other items on the menu if you have a friend who's just not that into wings (what!). The wings are fried perfectly (super crispy skin and tender meat). The soy garlic sauce wings are unbelievable; spicy sauce is great, too (be sure to ask for some radishes on the side). Love the fruit + soju drinks (watermelon and lemon are the best). The servers are really sweet and have great food/drink recommendations. Did I mention the K-Pop music videos? They're everywhere; it's magical.The wait is long which is fine but our order was wrong. We wanted boneless chicken wings and got the ones with wings instead. They said it'd be at least a 20 min wait and though we were very hungry we waited. When we got our boneless chicken it was like just eating the dried skin! There was no meat in these.. it was very hard to chew and I was still hungry after. After I told the waiter all we got was an apology. No discount or anything, which is what we would do where I work.I love the chicken here!! I tend to get the soy garlic and the sweet chili! It is so crispy and good!! It is a drive for me to get here, but it is worth it! Definitely one of my favorite spots to get Korean chicken!!Nice atmosphere, watermelon Soju is Mmm good! I come here once in awhile for my craving of the well known Soho wings. I love the soy and enjoy a spicy one here and there. Only downfall is the wing size has gotten smaller and it isn't cheap. Kimchi fried rice is good but small portion. Service is okay but food is slow coming out even on days not so busy:Best Korean fried chicken wings in philly. Love the soy garlic. Spicy is way too spicy for me. But I heard it's tasty. Love getting the shaved ice in the summe!I love bonchon so I was excited to come here and try the korean fried chicken. We came here Saturday afternoon for lunch, it was not busy at all. We got two Large orders of fried chicken. One of the orders was half spicy and half special chicken. The other order was soy chicken. It took around 20 min for the food to come out, which is expected at korean fried chicken places.
The spicy wings are super spicy, my mouth was on fire. The special chicken was like kind of sweet tasting, not a fan. The best flavor, in my opinion, was the soy chicken. It was around 18 wings for $20. The wings had flavor because of the outside skin but once you bit into the meat it was kind of bland and even dry (in some cases). 
Service was friendly and attentive.
Update: So I came back a few other times and the wings are pretty good for Philly! This place is better than bonchon (in Philly) but it is a trek outside the city.I'll always think that Soho has the best chicken in town. Possibly the best that I've had on both coasts. So crunchy and flavorful. I always get extra radish too. The atmosphere is also a lot more fun than other places, nightlife-ish and vibrant. I've been meaning to try the watermelon  soju too. Gotta try that during my next visit!This is the only place in Philly to get great Korean Fried Chicken. The soy garlic is my favorite--it's super crunchy on the outside but still moist on the inside. Don't be angry about the food not coming out fast enough; it takes time to make something this delicious!They have the best Spicy fried chicken ever. Although the music is always really loud.so crispy and crunchy and you shouldn't miss them.  I had tried to find a good Korean friend check and there it is. it hits the spot even it took more than 35 minutes. Btw, be aware that they don't have their own parking lots.Very good wings!
Spicy is no joke.
Customer service is bad tho. Dont allow outside food when its for a baby less than one.Cafe soho is my first Korean chicken experience and it was great, other than the chicken everything else I've tried on the menu has been phenomenal. It's always busy and lively inside with fast and friendly service. The watermelon soju is quite delicious and the sides of radish they give you is quite addicting.Have eaten here for 10 years. Seen different management and the service and food has remained consistent. I come here for their awesome spicy wings. They're known for this. I did try other items on the menu and now know better.Everyone knows about the chicken wings here! So you get a nice little cafe with a limited menu but their known for one thing, the wings. It used to be $20 for 20 wings, now it's $20 for 18. The wings you get there are fair in size but so crispy and crunchy which makes it worth the trip. The service is okay, nothing exceptional. On top of that they have a lot of screens and play a lot of kpop if you're into that genre of music. It would be nice if they had a better selection for the menu or a better quality of service but the wings alone brings them up to a 3/5.Amazing food, a bit understaffed on Friday and Saturday though, this place gets pretty busy then.  Definitely get the soy garlic and hot wings.CRACK CHICKEN!!!
A trip to Cafe Soho is like wonderland. The chicken wings are double-fried, with some kind of crispy, candy glaze that is completely addictive. 
I recommend ordering the half and half...which is half an order of spicy wings and half an order of the sweeter, soy-garlic wings. You get about 18-20 wings in an order...and an order costs $20. It may sound like a lot of money, but it is SOOO worth it. Also, despite the fact the wings are THAT divine...you will not be able to finish an order by itself. Take a friend for this one...they will thank you forever! Take time to enjoy the pickled daikon radish that is served with the wings. It's delicious, crunchy, and it soothes your spiced-out mouth a bit as you enjoy.
I also recommend the ramen with rice cakes. These are not the rice cakes you are thinking about...they are somewhat like little rice pasta sticks. RAMEN, you say? It's some of the best ramen you will ever have, putting your college dorm room to shame. 
The atmosphere is casual, yet attention has been paid to the interior of Cafe Soho to make things feel a bit more upscale. Tres chic. 
Oh yeah one more thing....BLUE MOON ON TAP!!As many of the previous reviewers before me mentioned, the price of the wings are 20 pieces for 20 dollars. The price may seem steep at first, but these are not your typical fried chicken wings. There is something about the texture of the breading and the sauces that makes these wings a step above what you would normally get from a KFC, Popeyes, or Roy Rogers(I miss Roy Rogers) 
One of the good things about the store is that you can order half and half, so u get 10 pieces of one flavor and another 10 of something else. (There are no 1/4, trust me I asked) I had the spicy wings and the "special" ones which tastes kinda like the spicy wings cooked in a sesame chicken sauce, but it was still good. The wings also came with a can of soda and some pickled radishes which is a nice change from the usual mash potatoes or mac 'n'cheese u get from typical fried chicken joints. The best part of the bon chon chicken experience is that it's still good even after a day in the fridge. I pop the leftovers in the microwave for a minute and it's still comes out crunchy.
The only reason I had to deduct a star is because of the wait . From the time I placed the order, it took at least 20 minutes before the wings came out for just one order of 20. And they weren't even busy. If you are craving some Bon Chon, call ahead if you want to save some time.When people ask me about what I love about Philadelphia, this first thing that comes out of my mouth is Cafe Soho. But unlike many similar Korean bar-style dives that I've visited in LA or Chicago, their chicken wings are THE best I've tried so far. The quintessential comfort food that my wife declares as good as it gets.
Perfectly crispy on the outside coated with a savory mix of spice and sweetness. Each order comes with 20 large pieces of chicken wings which you can split the order into two flavors with a side of chilled pickled Korean daikon. The dining area is ample filled with red comfy seating and flatscreens blasting kpop videos. Attentive wait staff (of course speaking Korean helps) Not sure about parking since we found a spot right in front. 
What we ordered:
- 1/2 soysauce and spicy chicken wings ($20) - recommend
- bottled spirits :D
When we went:
- Friday @ 5 PM
Will we returned:
- absolutelyHoly crap! I haven't made a food discovery in years that I got this excited over.  Really good chicken, really good beer, nice atmosphere, easy parking, easy price.  Now I have to do Jen D.'s happy dance when I go there.
Earlier reviews say that there are two flavors of chicken. There's five varieties on the menu now. We tried the spicy and soy sauce varieties. Spicy was just right for me and I'd be happy with a basket of that alone, BUT I got the spicy ass the next day, so be warned.  I took about 30 minutes between ordering and getting our food, so this isn't fast food.  Many people seem to call ahead and take it out.  We found that the basket of 18 wings could probably feed three people. The two of us until we were stuffed and took six wings home in a box.  Thankfully, they are still pretty good the next day.Wait nearly 1 hr only got a milk shake....the waitress is terrible, lazy, took the order wrong for twice.Just want to weigh in on (especially) the discussion about service. I ordered 60 wings (all flavors) as takeout for election night. The guy I spoke to on the phone was very courteous, they called me when my order was ready (I was on my way), and were very pleasant when I picked up. Then, when I forgetfully left my card at the register, one of the waiters came running out after me and down the block to catch me before I got in my car. In all, I dealt with three separate members of their staff, and all of them were great.
As far as the wings go - outstanding. All flavors. And they stayed deliciously crisp even as they got cool. So I'd say I'm a definite fan.Being soho's fan for years even tho my work always ends at late night and it takes around 30 mins to drive from south philly to soho but my priority choice is always soho, not BONCHON which serves similar dishes. 
Sometime on Sunday, I called in at 11:00pm to order pick-up food and received an answer that "kitchen is closed". It's understandable. Then last sunday, I tried to called in before 10:45, the answer was still the same, which is obviously if I were walking  in at that time, I would have my table !!  No choice other than Bonchon, I gave them a try, and yes they still took my order without having any problem. 
Yesterday, I called in to order a large size of chicken with half soy garlic and half sweet chili. When I arrived, i asked the hostess for extra towelettes, since I was gonna share the chickens with my friends, all i received in total is 2. The most disappointed point is that as I got the chicken out of package, the sweet chili wings was ok, but soy garlic wings barely has sauce on it, BARELY, ALMOST NONE!!! I guess they might run out of sauce at that time, but my chicken tasted so gross. Can you image it, that you have double dip fry chicken without any favor ? It almost scratched my throat out tho. I have photo of them to prove that What i am telling in here is true. 
So sorry to say it, but so sorry you've lost one of your big fan and so on if cafe soho doesnt want to fix their problem.The only restaurant in the Philly area I happily drive 45 minutes through thick traffic to get to.  Google maps says it's 22 minutes from center city. That's maybe 47% of the actual travel time. Make no mistake though, these wings are worth the trek. Whether you're part of the 53% or the 47%, prepare for the wing that will leave you never satisfied again at any other wing spot (that's not korean fried chicken).
What makes Soho wings so great? It's spicy, flavorful, crisp (fried twice!), and the wings themselves are huge.  I've heard plenty of people rave about wings and debate about the best place to get them. In the Philly area, that debate is over. You just need to try it and taste for yourself. On a side note, some friends of mine traveled to Korea, tried the fried chicken wings there and said they didn't do it as well as Soho.
The question that perplexes me is: why is there not a Cafe Soho in center city? They did expand to a 2nd location recently. To... wait for it... Blue Bell. Who did the market research and ROI analysis on that one?
My only ask of Soho: set up shop in Chinatown, or University City, or, even Rittenhouse. Stop depriving Philly of 1% chicken wings.What can I say.....the best chicken wings ever! Period. The taste, the crispiness, and finally the service are all so fantastic.
When I make an order, I usually get 10 of the spicy wings and 10 of the sweet wings. Either one is great, but to me, the spicy wings take the trophy. They are so tasty!
The only problem,. and I mean only..., is the price. This, in no way affects my rating, but the wings are $1 each. The minimum order is 20 wings, so that means $20. The "wing" is not the entire wing like at a Chinese restaurant, but just half a wing. That is my only complaint, but when put up against the premium taste these wings carry, I can easily overlook that. Enjoy!If you love crispy korean fried chicken wings this is the place for you. Two sizes: small and large. We always order the large and then split the flavors: 1/2 sweet chili and 1/2 soy garlic or whatever else makes you salivate. Been here often and the wings are always crispy crispy crispy and delicious. Served with pickled radish. If struggling with chicken bones keeps you from enjoying good wings, do not fret: they have a boneless version that is as delicious and served with a ton of green onions (something about asians and our love for green onions haha). They also serve a lot of different dishes: noodles and rice tho I have to say I don't usually pay attention because the wings are too good to pass. I have tried their kimchi fried rice (yummy with an egg and cheese) and an octopus and vermicelli dish (don't remember the name but boy it was good!). The staff is really friendly, the place has large booths and they always play some k-pop music videos on their screens. And if you don't like k-pop they also broadcast whatever game is on. Give it a try! You will be back for more.I read some mixed reviews on yelp about this place and ask seem to target hospitality and every comment was that the chicken here was really good, well I drove over and took the advice of ordering takeout, as my daughter and I devour this food I would say, get the special fried chicken, this may be my favorite chicken place from now on....Food is not bad but their service is really poor. We ordered chickens on the phone for pick-up and we got there on time but food wasnt ready. We had to wait another 20min. there. I dont know if they got busier out of blue but since they couldnt made the time then first of all, they should at least apologize it and explain why it gets slow. 
They didnt even say anything and we just had to wait and wait and we see a lot of ppl waiting too and they look mad as well but I see other chickens ready to be picked up by someone. If I were a manager, I would give them to someone whoever comes first. Thats really inefficient way.Food is awesome (and overpriced) but the service kinda sucks. I've been going here for about 2 years and it's always either waiting forever for our wings or the waiter/waitress not being too friendly when serving us.
Don't get me wrong, I come here very often because they have the best fried wings but it has changed. You also don't get as many wings as before (instead of 20 wings, you only get 18) and the other food is ridiculously overpriced for the portion. 
Either way, I still come here despite the negative because their wings are fantastic.Only thing good it the wings, everything else is so-so including service. Good place for a date and some drinks. Only one restroom.Best chicken in the country yes I said its the best. I love how the chicken takes awhile to cook because I know it is made to order and is fresh not frozen. I love the seasonings they put on the chicken. The best chicken flavor is the soy chicken I highly recommend it. The customer service is great. They check on you, and make sure you're having a great time. And they tell you when your order is gonna be done.It had gotten pretty bad. I liked it when I visited last year. When I ordered, they must have given us a day old chicken. Tasted bad. Don't go here. Try it make it at home.I've been coming here for 5 years now & only go there for the wings!!! They are amazing... super crispy and flavorful... however the last time i ordered i found a huge straight hair fried into the wing... i was disappointed nonetheless but i will probably give them another try.Pros: The wings are great (we had the soy sauce and spicy wings), but the taste can get a bit tiresome after about 10 wings. Nice chairs and tables.
Cons: Service was slow and mediocre (nothing was brought to us without us asking for it); a bit expensive; parking not terribly convenient (just street parking).
I won't come back often, but I must say that the wings are very unique.The wings are very good. I'd come back in a heartbeat. But just to be mindful it takes half an hour for the wings to come out because they deep fry them twice to get extra crunchy. So just order apps too and sit back, relax until the wings are ready.BELIEVE THE HYPE.
Crunchy, sweet, tangy, finger-licking good. Breaded and then double-fried, these wings pack a punch in crispiness and flavor (soy or house special sauce). I am a sucker for good wings and these would be up there on my list. I don't even know how to describe them, it just umami goodness every bite. Don't listen to me, try it yourself.
Wings got smaller over time though. I find it harder and harder to pay $20 for 20 small wings. I got to learn how to make these at home.Haven't been here in years. This is the spot for Korean wings! Love how they have a variety of Korean food from dumplings, fried rice, chicken cutlets, and Kimbap. Wings do take at least 30 mins to come out as expected. Our party ordered the soy garlic and spicy wings. We were not disappointed. Spicy wings were not even that spicy. They have great drink specials from beers, soju and shakes. 
There is plenty of seating for large parties. Highly recommend this place if you want some wings and good drink specials. Parking is located in the shopping center in the back or street parking in the front. Expect a long wait on the weekends.Go here, now.
It's kinda out of the way and the service is pleasant but slow.  However, the chicken is crazy!  If you haven't had Korean fried chicken before, it's not like  anything you've tasted.  I love southern fried chicken and I love wings, this is something different from those.  It is super crispy, sweet soy sauce glaze is very addicting.  Side of fries, pitcher of beer, goodnight.
Not the cheapest chicken, in fact it's a little pricey for 'wings'... but so worth it.The first time I ever had Korean fried chicken was from this place and I'm so glad I did. I've only had KFC from two other places, but this place blows them out of the game!! 
I've had boom boom chicken in NJ and 99 Chicken from San Jose, CA. 
The thing about this place that blows them out is the taste of their chicken. Their chicken is well marinated and cooked nicely. It's not too dry or too moist. The wings and drums are a decent size and not too small like some places. 
Boom booms chicken was actually small and there was legit mostly skin and not enough meat. 99's wings are HUGE!! It's like chicken on steroids... so they beat Cafe Soho on that except their chicken's marinades don't taste as good as CS. 
I always get the soy and the spicy. Some days the spicy is REALLY spicy so beware of that. The soy is always good! Sometimes I like it more than the spicy but the spicy is so good.
It's $21 for a large which comes with 20 wings/drums. Not too bad.This is the place for Korean chicken!!
I tried Spicy chicken wing in the first time, too spicy for me who cannot handle spicy well.
So I brought my friend few days later, this time I tried soy sauce style!! love it :)
Seasoned chicken also nice, spicy, but less than the regular spicy one.
Strawberry smoothy was awesome. Cheers!!I love their korean fried chicken here, similar to Bonchon but I like their soy garlic better here and wings are bigger.  I got the large and got half soy and half spicy.  The spicy was pretty good but I like the soy garlic better.  The only negative is it took 40 minutes for the food to come out and service is a little slow.  The fried dumplings were also pretty good.  Good place to come to drink and eat some fried chicken.another of my favorite hangout for good soju and korean food, this is where i started my love with korean fried chicken! They were burned down once back in 2008 and think they changed ownership after that, the fried chicken wasn't as good after that but still yummmmmy.The service  here was so bad i just made this account just so i can review it.  First of all,  the waiters and waitresses seems like they have no idea what theyre doing.  Me and my brother waited 40 minutes  just to get our food.  And even then,  we had to ASK them where our food was for them to finally bring it out.  And when we decided that we wanted another batch of chicken to go,  that was another 30 mins  until they asked us "why are you guys still here?"  and so i told them we were waiting for our order to go.  On top of everything they gave us water but no ice?  We ordered spicy wings but they couldnt even give us any ice? And when the waiter came back around to supposedly refill our pitcher,  he just took it and never came back even when he said he would.  Overall very horrible service.  The only chance of me ever coming back there is for the damn good chicken which was the only thing they did right.FINALLY! I got to try the most infamous Bon Chon chicken in probably all of Philadelphia.. It's a trek out here to the northeast, thus the excuse of why it took so long for me to get here. Once here though, I see why it is all the rave. It definitely is an "experience" for those who are not familiar with the Korean/Asian culture of food, drinks, and K/J-Pop (asian-pop-music). 
The decor was trendy and asian-hip, as you would expect of a modernized korean restaurant. We were greeted by a 6-7 ft. towering korean manikin bowing to us at the entrance, and the music videos were blaring in the restaurant, interesting and exasperating all at once. I personally thought it was a bit loud for dinner time, but might've been more acceptable towards 1-2 AM when the drunkards are stumbling in trying to get their fried chicken on. However, I will say that this is excusable since this is how actual Korean/Asian places in Asia will run their restaurants. It kind of brought me back to the days I studied in Taiwan.
As for the food and drinks - we got a pineapple soju, which unexpectedly was served from an open pineapple shell. I thought that was pretty cool. I guess other Korean places do this as well, but I was just expecting soju out of a bottle. We ordered wings with 3 different types of sauces- the spicy, house, and soy garlic. They were all delicious and I won't say any one was better than the other. The way they fried the chicken is definitely what distinguishes the place. Asian fried chicken is definitely better than American style fried chicken, and this will exceed anyone's expectations. However, as I am writing this review, I can still taste a bit of the lingering sodium that's making my mouth kind of dry and thirsty.I ordered wings and the sauce was tasty. I would recommend soy garlic or their special option.This place has downgraded. Service is getting worst too. They use to have the $20 for 20 pieces but now 18 pieces. Are they trying to be stingy? It was funny how they don't service paying customers if they don't order wings. I don't know if others have noticed but their wings seems to have downgraded too. It wasn't as good as it was before. But worst of all, they charge customers tips without permission even though we didn't have 6 people that night. I don't think it's even legal. Either way, I don't think I would want to go back there again. I went out of my way just to drive up there and I don't expect to be treating like an idiot.It's not Bon Chon anymore. It's still Korean fried chicken but they no longer use the Bon Chon name. It's now called Soho Chicken. And there is a difference in quality from a couple of years ago. Maybe different cooks? Before, every piece of chicken in the $20 box was perfect and crunchy and crispy and tender but nowadays it seems as if some of the pieces are overcooked, smaller, not as tender etc..
Maybe another place will open up giving them some competition and upping the quality back to what iI ordered the soy wings and spicy, kimchi and the watermelon soju.  Wings are flavorful and fried to perfection.  Staff suggested adding a side of pickled radish to help reduce the spice from wings.  The kimchi was rather tasty and the soju is served in an actual watermelon.  Booths are large and spacious and staff is very friendly.The fried wings are great and the center-piece of this restaurant.  I love the spicy (it's spicy) and the soy wings.  It's definitely worth trying and if you go, you'll see why this place is pretty popular on the weekends.
However, at $20 for 20 wings, its definitely not a bargain.  Considering each of those wings are really a half wing, its $20 for 10 wings (no fries or anything).  
And, its a small dining area, so seating can be an issue if they are somewhat busy.  They are very strict about where you can sit.  Do not ask for a booth if you have 6 people, you will have to call a friend and hit the "7" quota, before they seat you. lol
And, the bar is probably the biggest let-down of the restaurant.  The drinks are pricey and the bartender doesn't know many drinks.  I paid $11 for the most watered down Long Island of my life. 
I wouldn't go for the non-wing items, a lot of those dishes are light on the meat.  And there are NO appetizers on the menu, so it forces you to order other things that you can get in Chinatown, more delicious and much cheaper.  
3 stars because the wings are very good, worth coming every now and then, and the ambiance is sporty and modern.  Otherwise, I would go somewhere else for a better value or get an easy Korean fried wings recipe and do it at home!I've been to cafe soho many times in the past and just recently went last week. This place has gotten really filthy. The floors were dirty and I saw a small roach beneath my table that crawled up the booth. And the service was really bad. The kids working were not paying attention but instead eating in the corner booth. I don't know what happened to this establishment and I'm sad that its been neglected.Always craving korean wings and Cafe Soho is the solution. Went here a couple times but this time the quality of the wings went down. Before the wings were bigger and now its slightly smaller and over fried. The flavor is still good but not as spicy as before which I don't mind. The rice cake with dumplings and cheese was amazing. Would order that again. The seafood pancake was good too. One thing was the service, seems only one waitress was really working while others were just standing around.Perfection...that simple.
Our party of 5 had a seafood pancake (delicious!), an order of rice cakes with seafood (delicious!), a large order of spicy wings & a small order of fried seasoned wings (perfection!). It is hard to describe how fabulous those wings were...extra crunchy, seasoned just right and spicy!!!  Be sure to get the pickled radish to accompany the wings. We stuffed ourselves!!
Do not miss Cafe Soho! I've never had such delicious wings & the other Korean offerings were spot on! Also, be sure to check out the restroom doors that leave no chance someone will confuse the men's room from the ladies'.
GO THERE...NOW!HEY LoOk HERE!!
I'll make it very easy for you.  GO HERE LIKE YESTERDAY!  This place has the best Bon Chun Chicken (really good wings) ever. I hope I spelled that right.  Just go right now seriously.. please go.. right now...KOREA!!! check out Crown J; Korean Hop Hopper. I think he is good.I simply don't understand the hype. The wings are super crispy and mostly just chicken skin. The sauce was really sweet.
They are expensive for the quality! $22 for 18 wings with barely any meat.
The ambiance was a tacky modern and the music was very loud hip hop. I think the place has an identity crisis. It thinks it's a club!Best place to try to hit on pregnant married ladies and act confused when they decline.  Excellent chicken.  Not the best place for Secret Trip though.We ordered Mango & Peach smoothie, and it was pretty bad. It didn't taste like either mango or peach, but it tasted like orange juice. The only good side is that the service was fast.I am only changing my review because the wings have gotten smaller and are not as big as they used to be plus they could have better service.  That was one of the distinguishing elements that made me coming back for more, even though it was a $1 per wing.  The service sometimes can be questionable also, my friends and I came on a Sunday just to have some dessert of korean shaved ice (patbingsoo), there were i think 12 of us and they said that they had a $5 min for each person and that the next we do this they wouldnt serve us, which is ridiculous. Some of my friends said they arent going back, but i do crave the wings so i go from time to timeSoy Sauce Korean Fried Chicken is so good, and for $20 a box.. Soda & Radish included, it's so worth the time (for travel) and money.
I do admit though, if I eat way too much of it I start feeling sick but that doesn't stop me because I keep going back.Good Korean fried chicken. Wish they had given me pickled radish when i went. Little on fancier side for me but over all very goodWowzers!! 
My boyfriend and I met up with friends for New Years Eve dinner. I've never had Korean chicken wings but I love spicy food, asian food, and chicken wings so i was excited to try it out.
The place has a trendy vibe and the music is your typical top 40 stuff. The servers are funny and pleasant. There are big booths to accommodate a large group (ours was 8 strong). This place has booze which was exciting. I got even more excited to see that a bottle of Golden Monkey was only $5! What a bargain. Needless to say, our group chugged down quite a few of these. 
Most of us ordered the wings, but those who didn't got their food before ours. I guess this place just serves it as it's ready which isn't that big of a deal. Though seeing my friends get their food first made my mouth water. 
When the wings arrived (it was a bit of wait...but well worth it), there was so much to go around! I was brave and ordered the spicy wings and trust me...even for someone who lives for hot foods, my mouth was on fire in the most delightful way possible. Stay away from the spicy kind unless you can man up. The wings were big and filling and absolutely the best wings I've had. I'm still dreaming about them and wish I could have a big plate of them appear before me right now. 
Just a technical tip: you can't use more than 2 credit cards on an order so it can get a little messy figuring out the bill with a large group. I don't know if that's a standard thing for a restuarant to do, but just be aware of it.
i basically want to go back here really bad ASAP. Do yourself a favor and go visit.There is nothing else to say about this place other than the Korean fried chicken wings in the soy flavor are orgasmic. Hands down the best wings I've ever eaten.Their wings are to die for! My personal favorite is the soy and spicy chicken, however, They lost two star because customer service is shitty and they already included the tip in the check for their shitty service...the Korean wings here are amazing but the time to make them can make a person hangry! Usually takes about 30 to even 45 minutes for the wings to arrive but being patient pays off because their wings is always on point. My favorite is the soy but I would sometimes get the special just so I get a mixture of flavors. A large consist of 18 wings usually and is 20 dollars. Normally I would order the large and depending on who I am with I would either get one whole order of large that is soy or you can even do half and half and split two sauces within one large wing. It was my first time getting the sweet potato fries and as well as the tornado potato. I love the sweet potato fries to start with knowing that it is sweet but on the other hand the tornado potato wasn't what I expected. It was cover in sugar while the potato was not sweet. The taste kind of threw me off but hey who knows some people but like it that way, but if it was to get a sweet appetizer I just suggest getting the sweet potato fries. Along with that I order an Oreo shake and it was amazing. Very rich and creamy and definitely worth gettingA casual place to hang out and just have some tasty delicious Korean wings... nothing more nothing less.Second time eating at Cafe Soho.  I split a large order of garlic soy wings, and a bulgogi over rice plate.  I am definitely a fan of the wings.  The sauce is game changing, and the crust on the wings is something special.  If you haven't had korean fried chicken, you need to check Cafe Soho out.
On the other hand, the bulgogi was a little dissapointing.  It tasted more like pepper steak.  It was still good, but didn't taste like traditional bulgogi.  Overall, Cafe Soho is #1 on the list for wings.I called in for a take-out order. I ordered a small (10 pieces) soy garlic wings and small spicy wings. The estimated wait for me was 35 minutes. When I came in to pick up, my order was ready at the cash register. The cashier offered me pickled radish. I'm not sure if they do ask customers every time, but If you do want the pickled radish, make sure to tell them! Eating the pickled radish along with the wings goes very well and helps to balance out the flavor. Their pickled radish tasted good to me compared to Bonchon chicken. The soy garlic and spicy wings were crispy and covered well in sauce. I didn't receive equal sizes of chicken wings (I guess I was out of luck). The spicy wings were a lot bigger than the soy garlic wings. I kinda wish both batches were equal. Soho's seasoning is pretty good. The soy garlic wings tasted sweet and savory, while the spicy wings are SPICY! You can feel the heat! I did bring these home, and the chicken wings were still crispy. I suggest consuming these wings within A DAY because the texture will become soggy the next day.I read the reviews on Yelp before checking out this place and was surprised to learn that what I read was quite accurate.  The chicken (it's all wings, not the tiny wings but regular size) were delicious and well worth the trip.  Unfortunately it was  cold inside the restaurant and they were play loud, bad top 40 music the whole time.  Neither of these things would have bothered us had the service been adequate. 
As previous reviews said-the service (all young guys in their 20s) was completely inattentive.   It look about 10 minutes after we sat down for someone to come to our table and the restaurant was not busy. We needed to stop him if we wanted water, to order something else etc..  Essentially there was no waiter service, just food delivery to your table.  
I would recommend calling ahead and doing take out from here rather than eating in the restaurant given our experience.  Make sure you call ahead though as I saw people doing take out place their order and then proceed to wait 30 min for it.  
Overall I'd say the food is great but the service and loud music took the overall rating down to a 2 stars.Love the soy wings there. Second time been here after 1 year, food is a bit salty and pricey. Especially the stew, you cold buy the same integrants from hmart with less than 10 bucks.No stars, I don't even know how they still open, food was terrible I can honestly say I can do better at my own house 0/100A friend of mine talked this place up to me, and I was really excited to go. A group of friends and myself decided to come to this establishment after a big korean BBQ dinner to cap the night, and we were all extremely excited (and ready to spend money).  
First of all, what kind of place refuses tap water to their guests?  I've never been to a "restaurant" that forces the customers to buy water by the bottle (First, is that even legal? And second, that's just blatant greedy business practice).  Before we even had a chance to look through the entire menu we had three servers separately come up to the table to ask if we wanted to buy beverages (aka, water bottles).  Every single one of them said that their water was "broken," instead of just explaining that they want their patrons to all spend an extra dollar for bottled water. 
When we had finally decided on $60 worth of drinks (only our first round, mind you), we called over a waiter and gave our order.  He then proceeded to tell us that we HAD to buy food, or we were not allowed to buy anything at the restaurant.  When we asked if we could sit at the bar, he said that we had to buy food there, too, and that it was due to rules created by the "new management".  It suddenly became obvious that they were just trying to get rid of us.  We weren't disruptive or rude, we gave them no reason to act like that.  Never in my life have I felt truly unwelcome at a restaurant.  I couldn't even believe it, the place only had about half the tables filled and they were blatantly turning away a party about to spend a lot of money.  We were infuriated and disappointed.  
Don't go here, there are tons of places that deserve your patronage more than this place.A bit pricey for small wings that aren't quite that amazing. I mean, I think it's good but it did not blow my mind. If the price was reduced a bit, I'd consider giving them four stars but as of right now... i don't think it's quite there yet.Oh bonchon chicken how I love it. The atmosphere here is a little retro, but who cares when the food is delicious. It is more expensive than normal wings, but its taste is unique & so good..its worth it! :DService was fast and friendly and the fried chicken was off the chain. The seafood pancake was good and the pork cutlet was good but my wife didn't like this sauce poured on top. The portion size was great but very little parking had to street park on this cold night in Philly. Overall good eats will come again.Cafe SoHo's chicken is definitely not on par with Boka/Bonchon of NYC. While it is crunchy and moist, SoHo's chicken is underseasoned in comparison and does not have that tasty punch of garlic and soy. It is a lot messier than the Korean fried chicken I have had before and does not taste any better. I also find it to be much pricier than other, superior Korean fried chicken restaurants. It is worth neither the hype nor the trek to get it.This is one of my favorite restaurants in North Philly. The fried chicken wings are AMAZING! You can definitely share a plate with 2 people unless you want to save some for a later (which is understandable). Trust me, you will never have wings that taste so good. The steamed vegetables (carrots, broccoli, cauliflower, carrots, squash) is also delicious. The boba teas are tasty. My favorite is the taro. The staff are friendly and I love the k-pop videos that play while you dine. The downside is the lack of parking.Whenever you have a hankering for Korean fried chicken the journey to cafe soho is worth it. It's not to far from where I live so it's always tempting to swing by or call ahead for pick up. The wings (which is all I get) are always consistently mouth watering. There is always the usual wait for Korean fried wings because of the way they are prepared (nature of the beast, deal with it). I've dined in on some occasions as well as called ahead for pick up and never had any issues with service. There is free on street parking which makes picking up a breeze.  They offer their wings in 3 flavors, soy, special and spicy. My favorite is the soy since I don't do spicy. I did tried spicy one day out of morbid curiosity and still shiver thinking of how my mouth was on fire that day.I've been here a long time, this leadership has changed several times. And this, of course, is good. But we are all here for food, we will be honest. The food here is not very good, I even want to say that things are getting worse and worse. But I still hope that something will improve.I lalalalalalaLOVE Soho's BonChon-esque chicken! So tasty delicious in my tummy oh so good. By the way, I love when you go to the BonChon official website, there is a disclaimer that Cafe Soho's chicken is not certified BonChon chicken. This deserves some laughs. 
I don't think I've ever left Soho with room to breathe or with my pants not cutting into my waist. They have ridiculous deals on pitchers of blue moon & the food is so good. Half garlic-soy, half spicy mmmm delicious. I always try to make sure that I call in advance so that when I get there, my chicken is already waiting to be eaten. The hot spicy chicken with the cold radish is to die for. Most of the other items available on the menu are also tasty, but save room for the pat bing-soo. Cold shaved ice, red bean, ice cream & mochi. Unbelievably yummy!The chicken is absolutely fantastic.  It is juicy and crispy, I highly recommend the spicy chicken.  The restaurant itself has a very cool environment, reminiscent of being in Seoul.Ok so this review is ONLY for the double fried wings! Hands down the best wings in town! The wait was far longer than the person informed me of when I placed my order over the phone, gave them an extra 10 minutes on top of the 35, my orders still were not ready.. but if your patient.. please do get the wings... the place is kinda cute..a little much for my taste.. the decor is a little "loud"... the staff were friendly... but seemed out of sorts with the mild volume of folks that day..I'm so glad to see this as the review of the day... It serves as a reminder to get back to this place!
I LOVE their chicken wings.  They are so different and so addictingly good, especially paired with the crunchy pickled cabbage.
Have plenty of time... because you will wait for your order.  20 possibly 30 minutes.
But the beer is cold, so go, enjoy, now!best chicken in town. little expensive. dont order during super bowl evening no one will pick up your phone, you have to walkin to order it and wait is TWO hoursI read an article in the Philadelphia Weekly that mentioned the wings from this place.   Based off the article itself and the 4.5 star overall review I saw on this site, I trekked to this restaurant.
At first at glance I thought $20 for 20 whole wings was pricey, but as much everyone raved about these wings, I was willing to pay.
First misconception, these wings are not whole wings, they are party wings.  Essentially, you're paying $2 a wing.  Pretty pricey.It's taken 30 years for me to try Korean food, so I was expecting a lot from Cafe Soho. The decor is what I would have typically anticipated from a Korean restaurant, with videos being played on the LCD's adorning the walls. 
To start off, we had the udon and followed it up with the soy sauce and spicy chicken wings. Their double-fried exterior was lighter than expected and extremely savory. For drink, I stuck with a green tea bubble tea, which nicely cleansed my palette. 
I'm coming back-not for the udon or bubble tea, but for the chicken. You can't go wrong. Just be sure to prep yourself for a full-fledged food coma.I cannot say enough good things about the quality of the fried chicken. While it takes a long time to cook and gets a little pricey, all of that falls away with the first bite. I love this place so much and, if you like quality fried chicken, you'll like this place too. Just make sure to call your orders at least 1/2 an hour in advance.A great place to kick it with a beer and bonchon chicken.. and fruit bingsoo dessert :) 
For visual entertainment, you can watch people get rowdy under the influence of alcohol, or you can watch tv. there are several flat screen tv's on the walls, with various sports on each screen. If you ask nicely, you are allowed to switch the channels.
Service can be a bit on the slow side though, especially when waiting for food to come out. Press the little bell on the table for immediate service instead of flagging down a waiter/waitress!First timer and just fell in love with these wings.  Service was great, especially our waiter Kevin.  Had 1/2 order of soy garlic and 1/2 order of spicy.  Would return in a heartbeat.  Spicy ones really kick in after about 5 minutes and the heat is intense and stays on your lips for a long time after...Always a great experience. The wings are by far my favorite item from this restaurant. They are always perfect, hot, and ready on time for pick up. Only request is to do GrubHub!Cafe Soho is pretty much the Korean Fried Chicken place that I compare all other Korean Fried Chicken to. I haven't been able to find any other place that is as good. When I used to live in Philadelphia, I would try to come here whenever I could, which was hard because I didn't have a car and it is pretty far from where I lived. I was always really excited whenever one of my friends with a car was willing to drive out. I haven't really tried anything other than the chicken, which is delicious. The outside is so crispy, and the sauces have a great flavor. I always get the soy sauce and the spicy! Be careful though, because the spicy is pretty hot. The radishes on the side are a nice touch, so you can have something to munch on in between chicken wings. Sometimes I also get the yogurt soju, which is very good and a nice sweet drink to help with the spiciness of the hot chicken.Very good chicken. Probably the best Korean fried chicken I've ever had. The ambiance is really loud (it's like a club in there). It also gets very busy so service is kinda slow, but if you aren't shy on using the call button on the table, you should be fine. Few times though, they took forever to get us the bill and forgot to put in an order... and you used to get 20 wings in a large order but you now got 18 wings (and one time I got 17 wings... yes, I count them). Lately the chicken has seemed a little bit more on the sweet side. Boyfriend really liked the Kim Chi Fried Rice too, but I just stick with the chicken.Well they specialize in Korean fried chicken and it is delicious.  Crispy, double fried and with soy garlic wings that are meaty and juicy.  Even food critic Craig LeBan agrees that it may be the best in the city.  
The restaurant is aimed at the K pop generation - gaudy decor and music playing.  They open until the wee hours of the morning.  Very hard to park around the place so be prepared to walk a block.I'd been reading great reviews on Cafe Soho for MONTHS, but despite living only 5 minutes away, I'd never ventured in. My wife, daughter & myself finally decided to see what the fuss was about...wish we'd done it sooner!!!! The food is INCREDIBLE! The wings were all that I'd read about and more! Hot, crisp & FULL OF FLAVOR! We also had the Bulgogi & Stir fried pork. Everything was delicious! I'll be back veryyyyy soon!!Didn't love their chicken wings at first, but free to love em. My favourite is their special chicken wings. Their tables always seem very dirty to me, but the chicken makes up for it. Service is pretty good.I heard rumors that this is "the place" to go to for korean fried chicken in Philly so I had to investigate. For science! 
I like the atmosphere actually. It's pretty laid back with K-pop playing on the big screen and soccer on the little screen. There's an ikea paper chandelier in the center to set the mood too. The service though was mediocre. We placed three orders, but they only brought out 2 orders and totally forgot about the third. However, they didn't charge us for the forgotten order and we were super full anyways so we didn't care. 
I got to try the garlic soy wings and seafood pancakes. Both were good and I enjoyed my meal a lot, but I didn't think it was like the best ever. First of, I actually like DuBu's pancakes better. I felt like the batter at Cafe Soho was too thin, making it overly crispy. The wings were good, but I've definitely had better. For me, quality korean chicken means crispy on the outside, while still moist in the inside. The inner moist factor of the wings here was just average. 
The final verdict...I'm not impressed. Rumors are just rumors. The wings here are good, but no way "the best" in the area.Have you ever had chicken wings, with sauce, that were both crispy, and wet? What about a sauce that brought you that fire but still delivered with the flavor. Well I tell you what, this spite gives you all of the flavor, spice and portions you can stand. WeS went there last night because a friend and I were craving wings. We decided on trying the Soho because of the help reviews. The host who also took our order was very friendly and informative. He explained what the dishes were how they were made and the seasonings available.  We ordered the soy sauce wings (OMG my mouth waters thinking about those wings), the special and the new sweet and spicy. We also ordered fried wontons, steamed dumplings, and seafood stew. Where do I begin.....it was all amazing food. The fried wontons were extra crispy on the outside but moist and full of meat and flavor (slap your momma in the face for never telling you that food could ever be that good flavor). The steamed dumplings, well lets just say they are my favorite food at the moment. I feel like I could eat three servings of those and never get tired of them. They are soft, almost buttery, that may be just how it seems to me. . . sorry where was I... oh yeah seafood stew. That was different but still good. The seafood was sitting in a savory sauce and they really gave you seafood. The best thing about all of the food was while it was fried it wasn't oily. You couldn't taste the oil, it wasn't oil at the bottom of the container eating it's way though the both... it was just fried and wonderful.... going to buy more dumplings....try some if you are ever in the area ....Chicken is good, very crispy and yummy but doesn't stand out from any other Korean chicken spot. The wait can be long even if your seated quickly, the chicken takes awhile to be brought out. I recommend you ordering everything at once so your food comes asap. Its very rare they you'll find yourself not full enough as everything on the menu is greasy, cheesy, or largely portioned. The waiters are pretty good with keeping your bone bucket emptied. There's just nothing on the menu that make this place special or different from all the other korean chicken spots popping up in Flushing. Depending on the day, street parking maybe a hassle but you probably wont have to park any further than 2 blocks away. Outside street parking is limited to 1 hours so you may have to go out and feed your meter.The wings here are just flat out addictive. Period. My favorites are the soy sauce and the fried seasoned. I actually got sick from here once though. It was not their fault. I basically ate too much damn chicken.It is a great hangout place.
I love their chicken but draft beer taste horrible.I've been to a lot of korean chicken places in NYC but Cafe Soho is still my favorite. I love the laid back atmosphere. None of the tables are on top of each other and it never gets too loud. Service is fast and efficient although they do tend to forget to give you napkins but just ask and they will deliver.
The soy and spicy chicken are out of this world. If you can't handle spicy food, the soy sauce chicken is just as satisfying. Crispy, hot, delicious. You couldn't expect more from a good wing. Each order comes with 20 wings which is good enough for 2 people.
I haven't tried many other things on the menu. The spicy rice cake with cheese and  fried dumplings is pretty good ( ) but can't beat the homemade version.  - shaved iced with fruit or sweet red bean is mediocre to ones at korean bakeries or coffee shops.
Don't forget the icing on the cake - soju bombs! Order a pitcher of coors light, a bottle of soju - drop a shot - you're set.
Can't wait to go again!!Today is 12/9/12. Cafe Soho is under new management and if you didn't know this, you need to know..
I brought a group of friends here after we had dinner because I like their Soju drinks (I've been here many times for wings, Soju, or both). They seated us immediately but we noticed they gave us a table reserved for someone else. Odd. Oh that was only the beginning...
-We didn't have one waiter ; we had three who kept asking us if we were ready in a span of two minutes. We kept telling them to give us a minute.
-There is no tap water. It's "broken." Instead we were offered bottled water for $1 each. No thank you. Just admit that you are trying to make a few lousy dollars on water.
-The menus are bizarre. The first page is a blown up photo of Psy, which has nothing to do with food. Then a few pages later, there is a photo of a HALF NAKED GIRL with the words "Hot and Sweet" (along those lines) but I'm sure they were referring to the photo of the food...which was overshadowed by the soft porn.
-We only wanted Soju so we ordered about $60 worth (this was 9:30pm on a Saturday, way past dinner hour). Then we were told that their policy "on weekends, you have to order food you can't just order drinks if you're seated at a table." I asked if we could be moved to the bar instead. They said you still have to order food at the bar. AT THE BAR.
So we left. My friends were disappointed and I was embarrassed. I went on Yelp and saw that Donna L and Sean M already posted a review similar to mine. Be forewarned that this new owner's main priority is making money. I noticed that the place was half empty and usually its quite crowded. In a situation like this, the quality of the food also suffers when service suffers. I'll be taking my business over to the previous owner who moved down the street (thanks for the tip Angie K!).Best wings in Philly. Love this place. Go for the spicy wings, you won't regret it.I've only eaten in the restaurant once but have gotten take out many times. It has a very night life mood with loud music and dark lighting, meh didn't really enjoy the ambience. The food is hit or miss I would say. I always get the chicken and it is sometimes super crunchy and delicious and sometimes it's not crunchy but still taste good. I also have gotten the seafood udon and it's pretty good as well. Overall a good place to eat. Not my cup of tea with the blasting music in the restaurant but I'll always come for the food! xDThe food here is awesome but that's it.
This is one of those trendy restaurants that you get invited to with your friends and feel like you have to order something as to not appear cheap. A mug of hot green tea- $5, a cup of bubble tea $6, a can of soda $2. As said before , no tap water as they don't have a soda fountain so that's bottled only.
The menu was just difficult to navigate. The big full page pictures in the menu really didn't make sense. The writing in Korean on these pictures was white but I can't read Korean. The English and prices were in black which I could barely read.
The food while delicious is quite expensive. Price wise, the only "reasonable" item on the menu is the ramen with rice cakes. Basically the ramen noodles you ate in college with a few Korean rice cakes in a spicy broth. (Also stated in a previous review) the wings are quite expensive at $12  for 10 or $20 for 20.Not as good as before  :( I used to go here a lot until this yr. I think the owner or so is different now not sure but all I know is that I'm disappointed at this place now. Have a little bit more patience when you go here as well if they say wait for 5 more minutes usually means 10-30 ..This place is a shithole. It is a ghetto ass joint. It's what wanna-be bougie Americans with no money think something "classy" should be, and it's embarrassing. I went here with two friends because one of them heard it was the best Korean fried chicken in town.
It's just a wing place. That's it.
The decor screams "THIS IS WHAT YOU THINK A HIGH END KOREAN ESTABLISHMENT SHOULD LOOK LIKE!!!", all bright reds and black, glossy, flashing lights, flat screen TV's playing k-pop. When we went in I was overwhelmed with the smell of pickled foods. It smelled like rotting pickles, basically. The floor was slippery and sticky.
We sat down and our waitress explained that because they (allegedly) individually sauce every order of wings it takes up to half an hour for each order; and that they had some sort of 'special' approach that made the wings extra crispy.
Like many others have expressed, it is overpriced to the extreme. $20 for 18 wings is ridiculous, and they are mostly breading. There was absolutely nothing special about the taste. Basically they expect you to pay more and wait longer for sub-par food. If this place were in New York City I would assume it was a tourist trap.The signature wings here are your go-to! They're delicious and super crispy, you'll be full after devouring a couple of wings. I usually get half soy, half spicy to get the best of both worlds. 
The service is also great. Our waiter, Anthony, was very friendly and welcoming. He was accommodating to our needs and answering every question we had. The food
came out really quick! He checked up on us to see if everything was great and it absolutely was.My brother and sister in law took me here after we traveling from Texas. The soy sauce chicken was off the hook. I could eat 20 of those on my own! Nuff said...
The place is trendy, has tv's, dim lighting, and music.This place have the rudest waiters ever that don't even speak english and the boss just doesn't care about customer service. Our waiter gave us frozen water in a bottle when we first arrived and that is after 15 minutes of waiting, we ASKED for water. We reserved a table for 15 but when we got there they only gave us one table and told us to stand by that table and wait for the table next to that to open us ... so we basically watched the people at the table eat ... awkward. When we finally got out table, we asked to put our tables together and the waiter said sure, but 10 minutes later, the boss came over and told us to put it back and said we can't pull them together. Our party of 15 was basically split between two tables. When we got out check, we realized they have already added tip onto our bill at 18%. If i have not mistaken, 18% equates to great service.  At this point we were all pretty much pissed and to top it all off, they added the top after tax which is increases the tip even more. Our dinner for 15 with everyone pretty much getting 9 piece wings for $10 came out to be $375.... no idea how that happened. I've never had such bad service and attitude coming from a restaurant and will be sure not to go back. Its was especially hard to communicate when they didn't even speak english. I DO NOT RECOMMEND!WAAAAANGSSSS!
 Soy garlic wings are a must!!! U can do a half soy and half spicy.
The spicy is not for the faint of heart, but they are really flavorful at the same time.
Take out needs to be called at least 30 mins ahead.I came tonight to try this place. I'm glad I came the pizza cutlet was delicious and ordered the seasoned fried chicken to take home and when I tried those wings..I'm in love. I will definitely be back!We've been here many times and always had a great experience, but tonight's service was epically terrible. We arrived at 7:15pm with a party of four. We ordered three items off the menu; wings, kimbop and deukbogi. After almost an hour of watching every other table get their food we asked about our order. Soon after our wings arrived, clearly just cooked. After almost another hour we still hadn't received the rest of our order. We once again had to ask about it and the manager told us the printer was broken. We then received our kimbop. The rest of our order never came, but we were still charged for the whole order and had to ask for it to be corrected. On our way out we mentioned our experience to the manager to which he replied "I don't know what happened" and shrugged it off.
To summarize, food was good but service was the worst we've ever experienced.  Management didn't seem to care his customers waited patiently for 2 hours.Definitely been a fan before the hype, and still a fan after. I'd call.cafe Soho the "OG spot for wings". Their selection of korean fried chicken wings is bomb- as in so savory, crispy, hot and spicy, is spicy! My favorite flavor would have to be either spicy or seasoned! To pair well with wings, you gotta have one of their flavored sojus! I like the pineapple soju; on other occasions we get watermelon! Beer goes great also.I didn't even have to think about this review - 5 stars.
My wife and I are wing heads and wish we found Cafe Soho sooner. The food was excellent, the staff was friendly and helpful, and the restaurant was fun and clean.
The double fried wings are amazing. Great quality chicken with a crunch that you can't find anywhere else. The original soy garlic are the best... I could have eaten 20 of these. I also tried the sweet chili wings which were great, but I prefer the original.
This place does get busy, so ordering ahead is probably a good idea. We must have seen 15-20 orders go out the door while we sat and ate our meal.Every time I'm back in town from California, I always make a stop here to eat their delicious chicken wings!! I'm a little disappointed that they don't come in quantities of 10 anymore but in 9s, hence a 4 star review. Their sojus are really good & are served in the respective fruits (watermelon soju served in a hallowed out watermelon) 
For what they charge for the food, I'm disappointed in the portions they give, but over all, the service is pretty good every time I go there.I thought I was in Korea when I walked into the place. I shook my head in disbelief...I was still in Philly...on Cheltanham ave. Also...is this place a lounge? cafe? bar? No...it's a freakin' fried chicken joint for the famous "Bon Chon" chicken.
I have this suspicion that they might put crack in the fried chicken: if you have a bite of this, all you crave for a week is this fried chicken. It's crunchy but not bready, smoky spicy flavor, sweet but not too sweet. What can I say...it's the perfect snack food.
So why 4 stars? It's a bit expensive. It'll cost easily more than double for fried chicken anywhere else. Moreover, it's trying to be like a bar lounge (Koreans have the habit of making everything a bar lounge...if you go to Korea, you'll be surprised by how many bar lounges there are). But come on, it's a freakin' fried chicken place...in Philadelphia...oh wait...let me correct that...in the *outskirts* of Philadelphia. If the price's right, it's definitely a 5-star joint. If you don't mind paying a bit extra to get the best fried chicken ever, this is the place.The wings are great but still so expensive at $1 per wing! My boyfriend and I ordered pickup several times and so far, we end up missing pieces of wings!! It happened again tonight and I'm sick of spending money on expensive wings. 
COUNT YOUR PIECES IF YOU ORDER PICKUP!Their wings are so good! they are so crispy and has just enough sauce on them. It is also very nice inside they play decent music and the atmosphere is very comfortableSolid chicken. Order the hot and the soy garlic. The hot is pretty hot and I usually pay for it on the toilet the next day, but it's still delicious. Not as good as in Korea, but I'd say it's just as good as the places I've been to in Southern California, like BBQ chicken. Not a great place to go with someone 1on1 to have a nice conversation because the music is mad loud.I've been here with my fiance about three times in one week already! 
The first time I ordered the chicken cutlet and he ordered a spicy seafood soup.  They were delicious but overpriced (which is why we're rating 4 out of 5).
The following Saturday we went again with some family and ordered the special wings.  They were amazing!  Nice and crunchy with a good flavor, they didn't taste particularly spicy.  My dad had the squid dish and my brother had the eel over rice.  They loved their dishes and the wings (the rest of us were there for the wings!)  
So we went back on Sunday to try the spicy wings and they were also really good!  They were painful for me but my fiance loved them (he loves spicy food) and my nephew loved them too though he had difficulty eating them because of the heat.   
All in all it was good food, but the wings are $20 for 20 wings and they aren't particularly big, but they do taste amazing!  We can't wait to try the other 2 flavors!Horrible service I was forced to pay for something I didn't order and all I got was sorry the waiter is new ... will never go againThese are the best wings!  And while I wait mango bubble tea!
Order ahead for take out or its a 30 minute wait, but worth it!I've been going to Cafe Soho for several years now. My most recent visit was the worse to date. 
It was a busy Friday night, but not too busy. We ordered our chicken wings (spicy and special). The food took about 40 mins to be ready, but that was expected. 
The spicy chicken didn't taste like the ones I've had the last few years. Instead, it was slightly spicy and very salty. The "special" chicken, however, tasted the same as last time. I always thought that their spicy wings are better than BonChon Chicken, but not this time. 
Now, let's talk about the service that night... So, there were four of us sitting in a booth. We sat and ate our food without giving the staff any trouble. After we finished eating, we had to waive down the staff to give us the check. Then, after waiting 10-15 mins patiently, we tried to get their attention to pick up the check, but that didn't work this time. So, I had to walk up to the counter to pay. That was when our waitress finally took notice and process my card. 
Now, here is the worse thing that happened that night... The check not only had a gratuity suggestion at the bottom, but it was already added to the check! Sure, I wouldn't mind paying the 15% minimum gratuity, but the service sucks that night. Not only that, but they expected you to give them a SECOND gratuity on top of your 15%! Wtf!
I would not recommend this place to anyone again. There are better options in Philly. Check out BonChon Chicken in Chinatown. Or, other places in center city. I will never go back to Soho.The wings are worth the 30 minutes!  The Korean fried chicken experience is a fun one at Cafe Soho.  And yes, you do have to wait 30 minutes for these flavorful guys.  I always order the soy garlic as I am a creature of habit. And I often find myself going out of my way to order these delicious wings!  Try them..you won't be disappointed.  I've gone many, many times to the Cheltenham venue to pick up wings.  One day I'll actually dine in as the ambiance is fun, upbeat and lively.. with the statue meeting you at the door, to the korean music videos being played in the background.Delicious wings. So crunchy. Call to order early. Wings may take 30 minutes to be ready. 
4 stars for its chicken. Not so good customer service.The wings are great. Garlic soy or spicy, you can't lose. They seem to have changed their cooking method though. Something is a little off. Still tasty but not as tasty as they were a few months ago. The service / friendliness factor has definitely declined a bit. Hopefully this is just a phase or growing pains. I'm hoping it was just an off night or something. I'm not giving up on you Cafe Soho!I have eaten in once and mainly we order take out. The entrees are pretty small so you would have to order quite a few to share. The food is just ok.The star of the show are the wings. We usually order a mix of soy sauce, special and spicy. My fave are the soy sauce. So the wings pretty much earn the stars. Once you start, you can not stop.Yes, the crispy chicken is the only reason I go here. Because like a lot of other reviewers have mentioned, their customer service is beyond lacking. That tells you how good the chicken is, that despite incredibly awful service people keep coming back!
I've eaten here and ordered take out. So if you want to save yourself the bad serving experience, just call on the phone and place an order for pick-up. A la carte menu items are alright. They're not bad, but they're pretty expensive for the very small portion that you get.
The decor is more on the trendy side with blood red as the main color theme. It's kind of annoying, but I can see some kids interpreting that as cool. Lots of TV screens.
Now, onto the chicken: you can combine flavors if you're ordering a lot, but they're finicky about which flavors you can choose when you're trying to split flavors in an order. They don't really explain why, they just tell you you can't. It's weird and their typical attitude about everything.
If you're having the spicy wings, have some water on hand. That stuff is spicy spicy. The special is ultra sweet and sticky. I think with the people I've gone, our favorites have been the soy and spicy flavors. So in conclusion, come for the extra crispy Korean fried chicken. But if you're just looking to have traditional Korean food, go somewhere else where the prices, portions, and service is better.
p.s. Pay with cash, and it's a slightly cheaper bill (because it saves them the credit card service fee).If you can wait 40+ minutes for some good fried chicken then this place is for you. Now that we got that out the way, I must say the cafe itself is pretty nice. Awesome atmosphere with comfortable couches and multiple flat screens all around the cafe for entertainment. Food is pretty good but the service is mediocre. We've gotten some pretty bad service from time to time. Gave them an above average rating mainly because of their food. Love the food but hate the waitOh soho cafe, Why are you so far from my house? :(
Anyways, I love coming here. The chicken wings are like orgasmatically amazing! I think they put like crack in their wing because I'm always craving them. I haven't had too many of their other dishes but I heard they are pretty good too. The service is wonderful here and it looks pretty cool inside. The only gripes I have about this place is that the music is really loud and the bubble tea is way overpriced but other than that I love this placeMy boyfriend introduced me to this place . I had never heard of Korean Fried Chicken before . I used to live under a rock . I've only had the chicken and it was amazing . The spicy was exactly that spicy ! Don't deprive yourself , get all the flavors they will split it up . The soy garlic wings are my favorite . The inside is very nice . I will be back to sit in and have a drink or two or three .Used to be my favorite place for korean chicken wing, "used to". I came in today with couple of friends and only to wait for 1.5 hr just to get seating, because they were so busy. After we get our table, our server was nowhere to be found, so did our water. Basic necessities such as water wasn't even provided until we waited for a good 30 min after we were seated. The chicken were so good, only because we waited hours to finally get them. The water was the best tap water served in all philadelphia, only because we were dehydrated waiting for our drinks. The kimchi side dish were NONE to be seen, because it never got to our table! Different servers had to asked us our orders multiple times to make sure that we get what we ordered for, isn't it suppose to be one server that takes care of our table? Not to mention the "included" gratuity that was charged in our bill, because we're a party of five. With all due respect, I was a server and I think they didn't deserve the 20% gratuity that they pre-charged us with. If only the server was easier to call, like not having to press the button by the table 4x just to call a server that never showed up anyway. Please cafe soho, hire real servers, not just college kids who can't wait to get better jobs as soon as they get their degree. Is there a dislike or thumbs down button here?BONCHON CHICKEN and Sweet Radish
You can get it in diff flavors that include spicy, mild, soy sauce... all are exceptional :)
Can be pricey so good to bring a group to share.
The interior is AWFUL - red and black everywhere. I feel like im in some kinda of dungeon of evil...It was my first time eating inside the restaurant. Came here around 7pm on a Thursday night and it wasn't crowded at all. They had the Villanova game on, and it was viewable from wherever you sat. The furniture could use some upgrading, it was a bit dim. But if you like the club/sports bar vibe, it's definitely the place to go.
For food we ordered the Shrimp Tempura Kimbap, the Shrimp Bokkeum,  Stir Fried Seafood with Udon, and wings. We also drank bubble tea.
The kimbap was light but very filling. There was a good amount of shrimp in each bite.
The bokkeum was delicious. The egg and cheese mixed in definitely take this dish to another level.
The seafood with udon was a bit disappointing as there was not much seafood to be seen and it looked like a plopped mess.
But probably the main reason to come here are the wings. You may have to wait 20-30 minutes to get an order, but they are worth the wait. They're crispy and taste very fresh. Each bite has the right amount of crisp and sauce.
The oreo bubble tea is a must try. But for $6 a glass, I'd try to dissect and clone it at home.
I'd definitely come back or at the very least order out and will get wings every time.The chicken is so good but the service is terrible ! and im sure everyone can agree with that.Definitely fantastic k-fried chicken.  
the actual interior design of the restaurant was a little off-putting.  it's like a fried chicken joint slash night club slash lounge. the chicken is good enough to stand on its own without the distracting decor!
Had a few other items from the menu-- which were all underwhelming.  don't mess around when you get here-  just order the CHICKEN.
Worth a visit for any fried chicken lover and foodie!juicy meaty crispy chicken wings. soy sauce and spicy are my fave flavors. i love that it's not overwhelmingly saucy but is packed with flavor in that crispy skin while maintaing nice juice in the chicken. they take a solid 25min at least when ordering pick up so expect to wait if you drive too fast.. however, it's worth your while and never a disappointment whether you're looking for a quick snack or picking up a bunch for a party. i would definitely have to get a gym membership if i lived too close to this place.. soo.. good! best korean chicken wings (outside of korea).As soon as you walk in, you're dazzled by the bright and funky decor and the friendly faces who invite you in. Yes, its true; Korean restaurants are very hospitable and they do not rush you, even if you've been sitting there for an hour after finishing your meal. Yes, its also true that the flavored soju is delicious and the wings are great. What bothers me (hence the minus one of a star) is that the chicken prices is INSANE. It is not really that expensive at a normal Korean restaurant. One basket is enough for two people to share...if they want to just curb their hunger and not fulfill it. Also it does take really long time for it to come out. Because I guess thats the price you pay for it being made for you on the spot. If you have the extra bucks and extra time, I recommend it. Otherwise, its a bit too pricey for me.Worst place ever white haired waitress with purple lipstick rude ashit.... Waited forever for our freakin chicken and they gave us the worst seat in the joint  then they all cocked eye staring at our table...some of the best fried chicken I've ever had, would be even better if it wasn't so expensive. if ordering to go make sure you order ahead of time. it takes forever...A chill and laid back place to come and kick it with your friends and grab dinner and also the best korean friend chicken spot in philly. Double fried chicken wings is the way to go, it's crispy and moist. Nothing will ever compare to this place. Soy Garlic is the way to go or if you're into super spicy go for the spicy.  It also comes with a side of pickled daikon. Also love the fries and potato twist stick here its amazing ! The seafood pancake is okay it's definitely not the best seafood pancake i've ever had. It lacks seafood & seasoning and the pancake just isn't crispy enough too soggy for my licking. The Spicy Seafood rice cake is alright as well it has tons of seafood however the spiciness only comes from the loads of black pepper and white pepper they put not really a fan of it. Service here is meh although they have a bell for you to ring your waiter sometimes they just ignore you. I feel like it's either you come here and you get good service or you come here and you get crappy service. There were a times we ordered rice and it just never came because "they forgot" or they "ran out of rice". Other then that i'm only really here for the bomb chicken !THE BEST CHICKEN you'll ever have. It is a bit expensive but so is lobster and steak and it's on that level. You'll be filled up and happy. It's a nice place for simple dates. It's straight up known for its amazing korean friend chicken. If you like chicken in anyway, you must go here.I was really hoping that this place would blow my mind since everyone talked about Soho having the best Korean fried chicken. Needless to say, the experience was fun to try but the food itself was the downfall. 
We ordered the small spicy wings ($12), seafood pancake ($14), and mussel stew($15). Overall service was quick and attentive. We were given a jug of water and it tasted like it came out of the tap. So my meal started with this bad coating covering my tongue. 
The seafood pancake was mediocre. The only "seafood" in the pancake itself was tiny pieces of squid. A little bland for my liking. 
For the spicy chicken, we were given a mixture of crispy drumsticks and wings covered in a spicy sauce. I love crispy skin so I was really happy when I sunk my teeth into the chicken. Yay for double frying! However, I wasn't able to fully enjoy the chicken because of the sweet aftertaste. The first few bites were spicy which was a plus. I can deal with spiciness but that sweet aftertaste was so irritating that I couldn't even finish the rest of the wing. It was a shame because I really enjoyed the fried chicken but the sauce ruined it for me. I'll try a different sauce next time.  I suspected a gochujang(y) taste so that might be the reason but don't quote me on that. 
Now for the mussel stew, it's a bowl of mussels in a broth with a few veggies. The broth and the mussels were great but $15 for that amount is not worth it. 
Overall I could see why my friends say that this is the place to go to for Korean fried chicken. Next time I'll try a different sauce.Came back again and had a chance to dine in. Service was actually quite nice - Food came out reasonably quick and the server was friendly and checked on us periodically.
The chicken wings were crisped to perfection as always. Got a mix of soy and hot, and both were flavored well. A friend also ordered a spicy rice cake dish with cheese on top. Strange combo, but it works! It had just enough spiciness to keep me coming back for seconds.
All in all, it was a very good dining experience. So good in fact, that I updated this review! Food was satisfying and the dine-in service was on-point. Korean music was still a little loud, but not distracting. Star bump!Phenomenal chicken wings and great Korean food, might even be the best IMO.
Doesn't matter what wings you get.. Spicy, Soy garlic or BBQ. You'll keep craving for more. They're super crunchy and perfect on taste.
It's far up in the Northeast but it's definitely worth the trip. You'll get your money's worth, believe me.So glad we found this place. The food is DELICIOUS and the service is awesome, everyone is super nice. Everything we've tried so far is great but my favorite are the wings. THEY'RE THE BEST EVER!First timer and the guys that helped us was really nice and helpful. We got takeout and even though we didn't get to eat it right away it was still really good! We got garlic, spicy and Korean wings. They were all very crispy and yummy. The garlic wings were my favorite. Spicy wings are actually pretty spicy lol a lot spicier than I expected. If you like the in between then Korean wings are definitely perfect, it's a great flavor. I want to dine in next time and try the boneless chicken :)Crispy Soy Garlic Chicken Wings are delicious. $20 plus tax a bit pricey for 18 wings but worth it.
- Found a hair in my pickled radishes when I picked up a take out order once.... yuck!
- I took the family out for a celebration, decided to sit in. Saw there was a huge projector playing music videos of Korean artist singing r&b, reggae, hip hop. Huge video images of half dressed women... guns... drugs... drinking... etc..
I never noticed before because I usually pick up take out. Had to strategically sit the kids with their backs to the video. 
- Limited menu items for kids. 
- I've had better/authentic Asian food at other local restaurants/cafes. *cough* H-Mart*
Not a family friendly neighborhood restaurant.
Kinda pricey and again... found a hair in my food once.
I stick to the Crispy Garlic Ginger Chicken wings.i am so disapointed of how they treated people in that place.
very rude they just kicked you out if you don't spent enough money in there place.
i will never step foot in that place again , even if there chickens come from heaven,Nice place it's a cool vibe the people that work there are very nice but the tables weren't clean before they sat us down. You can still see the food from the previous people who eat at the table and there were gnats flying around the foodJust do take out. The food is great but the service sucks. The Korean music is a lil too loud like u in the club.I had never heard of Cafe Soho but was visiting Philly for the weekend and some friends brought me and I fell in love. 
I tried the "special", soy and spicy chicken and they were all really good. The radish was a surprising compliment with the chicken as well. We also go the spicy rice cakes with odon -- which I didn't find that special. But definitely go for the wings! 
Personally, I'm a person who hates wings. I won't touch an American-style wing because they're greasy and messy but this is the place to go! You can't go wrong. 
Will definitely be going again the next time I visit Philly.Simply, AWESOME.
$20 for 20 wings? Unless something else comes along that tastes better than made-to-order hot wings it's worth it.
I'd say more but all this talk is making me hungryHad to get my Soho fix since I was in Philly. I got a Large (18 pieces) order of Soy Garlic Wings to-go, which takes about 35 min. It comes with one small container of pickled radishes. I would suggest adding another container, since there's definitely not enough to eat with the 18 pcs. I think they charge an extra dollar or so for an extra. Wings are extra crispy, flavorful and juicy.There was a time when I craved their chicken.  
On my most recent visit here, I was left a bit disappointed.  I don't know if my taste had changed or if they had, but the chicken didn't leave me with that same yummy feeling that it had in the past.  Plus, they seated my group of 5 at a really tiny table very inappropriate for us to enjoy a meal together.  When we asked to move, they gave some resistance but finally moved us to a larger booth.   I'll prob go again but not with the same enthusiasm as I had in the past.I was visiting Philly for a weekend (I'm from Maryland) and was craving some korean food. The chicken was really good. It was extra crispy and the meat was really moist.  The spicy was actually really spicy but thats a good thing.  It was a long drive because I stayed in downtown Philly but it was worth it. This is a really good place to eat and drink and drink and drink.Love their wings here! So crispy and the flavor is insane. Haven't been in awhile but definitely yummy. And you feel like you're in South Korea with the vibes.Whenever you have a hankering for Korean fried chicken the journey to cafe soho is worth it. It's not to far from where I live so it's always tempting to swing by or call ahead for pick up. The wings (which is all I get) are always consistently mouth watering. There is always the usual wait for Korean fried wings because of the way they are prepared (nature of the beast, deal with it). I've dined in on some occasions as well as called ahead for pick up and never had any issues with service. There is free on street parking which makes picking up a breeze.I think Cafe Soho has tasty fried chicken, but my last dine in experience was unpleasant enough to merit 3 stars. I was informed that it would be a 45 minute wait for a batch of fried chicken, so my growling stomach opted for another dish. I had a difficult time choosing another item from their menu because everything was so pricey. In the end, I ordered pork fried rice at $11. I believe it was one of the cheapest entrees on their menu. My food came out pretty quickly, but the portion was small. Even hole in the wall Chinese take out places give more fried rice for $5! 
The service is poor too. The waiter will never stop by your table unless he is flagged down via the little gadget on each table--a button that makes a beep. However, it is so loud inside the restaurant that the beep goes unheard half the time. 
The first time I came here was with a friend whom I had not seen in over a year. We were attempting to catch up, but found that difficult amidst the blasting music, televisions, and loud teenagers. This is definitely not the place to come for a first date. 
Going back to the fried chicken- yummy! I've tried the spicy chicken, soy sauce chicken, and special chicken. The spicy chicken had a definite kick to it--I probably had 5 or 6 small cups of water with 10 wings. The soy sauce chicken is crunchy, lightly coated in sweet soy sauce, and very juicy. The special chicken is sweet, sticky, and delicious. However, it is $20 for 18 wings, which is quite expensive.Good chicken bad services! Called in for the order, was told about 45 minutes. Show up an hour and she forgot to put my order in. So I ended up waited for another half hour.Great wings! When I got mine they were fresh! They stay open late enough too! Price is okay. There's a metered parking but after certain hour it's free.My sister is a fried chicken fan, so we decided to give this place a try...  DELICIOUS!!  Now I am a fan!
We ordered the soy garlic and spicy wings and spicy rice cakes with cheese... yum!  Taro blended drink was just okay, stick with beer.  Everyone left happy campers.
The decor is cute and comfy... nice atmosphere.  We will be back.It was about time I updated my Cafe Soho review from 3 years ago. I've watched this restaurant grow and prosper.. and more recently, decline in terms of business. Years ago, you would have to wait easily 30 minutes to get a table here. Now, that's not really the case (unless you're coming in during dinner and it just happens to be extra crowded). 
I am still a huge fan of their popular Korean fried chicken, but with competitive restaurants such as Bonchon located in Chinatown Philly, driving to North Phillly just isn't as appealing.
If you're a fried chicken lover in search of amazing wings, definitely give Cafe Soho a chance. Their flavors are exceptional and the quality of food is above average.It is a restaurant to visit SOHO Chicken. Drinks and other snacks are also delicious and the service is good. It is the same as Korean chicken but the watermelon shochu is the best.Yummmy!! I love Korean fried chicken and this place was good! The sauce was very flavorful and not too spicy or sweet. The regular fried chicken was also well fried. Get the spicy rice cake with cheese too... soo good!!Mmmm I went here last night and ordered one of the spicy wings and one of the soy sauce wings. It came out hot and delicious! Great place to go to with friends and you just order a pitcher with a few bottles of soju and have an awesome time while watching korean people sing/dance on TV.I wish I could give them five stars, because the flavor and quality of the food is always amazing. The spicy chicken was too hot for me, but my friends loved it, and I could finish a whole plate of the soy garlic chicken myself. (It's pretty much a unanimous agreement that Soho beats out the new Bonchon by MILES)
The problem is the service. They're perfectly polite, but we waited 45 minutes to get our first dish, and had to remind them several times about our other two dishes, which came about 20 minutes after that. (all 3 dishes were chicken, so the timing discrepancy was either a kitchen error or outright forgetting our order...after two reminders.) So in total, we waited about 1 HOUR for our food to come out. 
Keep in mind this wasn't a super busy time--there was one other medium party (8) like us, and maybe two or three couples who already had their food. I've been here before and I know that a 30 minute wait is average, but 1 hour is just ridiculous. 
I always want to come here, but knowing I have to spend 30-40 minutes MINIMUM just waiting for food is a big turn off.best chicken(9.5/10) and awesome ddukbokki(9/10). Prices are a bit steep.hello to the world of korean fried chicken!
this place has got to be one of the best korean fried chicken i have ever had, well besides san tung and so in san francisco. they give you various options for different sauces. we opted for the  spicy and soy sauce wings. all of them were fried to crispy perfection and slathered in a mouther watering sauce. it was so good and sticky. we also tried the kimchi pancake, that was good. it had a good amount of kimchi spread throughout the pancake!
Definitley try the watermelon and pineapple soju. its adorable how they use a real halved pineapple and watermelon to hold the soju. the watermelon and pineapple were both good. there was alot of fresh juice used and a decent amount of soju added it. it was definitley some good flavored soju. at about $15 for one, it is quite steep since it was shared between 3 people. Each person ended up with 2 shots per drink.There was a period of time where I went there every Thursday night for about a month. You cant beat KFC (Korean Fried Chicken) and some ice cold soju or a cold beer. And they're open late, perfect for late night munchies. I'm starting to drool just thinking about it...Super cute, prices seem to be reasonable. Atmosphere is trendy and fun. I had the shrimp roll, beef dumplings (not good) and mango bubble tea which taste like pure sugar. They don't serve bottle water, it comes in a plastic water bottle along with a faux glass cup. Music was everything!!! Totally googled some of those songs for later.At first, I admit that I love Korean food. But, it's not worth to order their Korean fried chicken, wings and oden udon. The foods, providing from Cafe Soho, tastes just like an ordinary Chinese food from a food truck or a Mall's food court. Their foods are not a most genuine traditional Korean delicious food. I think this is more close to a Chinese food and price is a little bit high for fried chicken and wings. Nothing in particular and most of foods are overrated.A few weeks ago, I was looking into local fried chicken places, knowing I'd be in town for 2 weeks...I wanted to hit a good place when I had the craving.  Well, with all the ranting and raving about Bon Chon chicken, I had to try it.
I stopped by there yesterday around 4:00 pm without calling ahead (forgot my cell), and was glad to see that the place wasn't busy. I ordered the half & half (spicy & soy garlic).  I sat in my car, waiting.  When I picked it up 20 minutes later, I immediately noticed how it smelled like Ramen Noodle seasoning packets.  That was an initial turnoff.  On the way home, I started to get a headache from the aroma emitted...usually that happens when there's MSG in an asian product since I'm highly sensitive to it.  Not sure if there was any in it, but thought I'd mention that.
Anyway, to make a long story short, got home, tried it, and thought it was above average, but not fantastic like some of the reviews made me think. It's definitely different, that's for sure. (It reminded me of some unique wings we have at a local Chinese restaurant.) The spicy one gave me hiccups on the first try around.  Then I switched to the soy garlic which helped cool my mouth down.  Went back to the spicy one, which didn't seem so bad the second time around.  Had a headache the rest of the evening.
I had plenty of leftovers, so today for lunch, I heated up a few of the spicy ones... so far, no headache today, so I think it may have been the soy garlic ones.  Anyone know for sure if they put MSG in it? 
Crunchy, spicy, not too oily.  The meat could have used a little more flavor, but the crust was good.  All in all, pretty good, though I think I'm going to stick to Popeyes when I want my fried chicken fix.Soho used to be so good before they switched the owner. When the new owner came in, the wings became 18 for $20, it was more expensive. I don't really mind it but for the fact that the wings are only flavorful on the outside but it's bland on the inside. Other than that, their noodle & other dishes are still quite good.The chicken wings are deeeelicious. Really I can't think of anything else that I've ever had there.  The atmosphere  is good and staff is very friendly.I went here for a friends birthday party, and OMG the wings were packed with flavor and the most crunchiest wings I've ever had in my life. There is also no need for ketchup or hot sauce for these wings so I would not bother
The place was packed when I arrived. I had a party of 10 which was about half hour wait on a Friday night. Music they have playing is good. Service was very one point as well. Good spot for a group of friends or a date.We were on our way to Hibachi and saw this place and decided to try something different.  We had never had  Asian fusion before and thought it sounded good.  After arriving we perused the menu which was very confusing and then waited for our waitress to come over and introduce herself.  Well after waiting we asked the first person we saw and she told us that we should have pushed the button for service.  We then explained to her that it was out first time here and asked what she recommended she told us the most popular dishes and we ordered based off her recommendations.  The food took almost an hour to come even the French fries that I had ordered for my toddler.  My friend ordered the udom noodles and they were gross but hey we were trying something different and that didn't work out.  We told the waitress and she told us there's nothing she could do about it.  Asked for the manager and he never came over and sent another waiter instead who told us that someone at home would eat it.  He also told us that he wouldn't take it off the bill and never asked if they could replace it with another item.  Isn't the customer always right?  When the bill came the fries were $7.00.  This place is overrated and underwhelming.  Their customer service is non existent.  We will never eat here again and we suggest you don't either!!!Only ever had the wings, which is what soho is known for. Korean fried chicken wings fantastic, probably best in philadelphia hands down.
They have other dishes, haven't tried em. Hence 4 stars. Place can get pretty packed especially on weekend nights so expect a wait, which is a downside. 
Place has a karaoke feel. Kpop playing on multiple tv's around restaurant. Don't be intimidated by this. Just come to get the chicken babyCafe Soho is the highlight to the Sunday football scene at our house. Someone goes and grabs a couple large orders of wings and brings them back downtown in time for 1pm kick-off. 
The meat is crazy good. This is a whole level of chicken wings. The meat is moist and flavorful while the outside is lightly fried and crispy. Great sauces, never over/under dressed. 
Our favorites: 
Ginger soy
Spicy chili
Sweet & Spicy boneless
Beware, you will probably eat your weight in this bad boysCome here often with friends and for takeout.  If the chicken wasn't so good, I would only give this place 3 stars cause the service sucks.  I'm from Jersey and this place is located deep in Philly but def worth the trek for the chicken.  As soon as you step in you notice the funny red statue and the bar like atmosphere.  The wait can be really long so we usually call and tell them to make the chicken ahead of time.  Last time we tried we couldn't do it.  I forgot why but its related to the new management.
All we get is the chicken and some drinks.  We get 2 large orders of spicy and soy garlic.  The wings are plumped and so juicy.  Biting into the crispy skin is the best part.  They have the perfect amount of sauce on the wings.  Not to little or drenching the wings.  The spicy wings are the most spiciest wings I have ever had.  They are way spicier that Bon Chons.  One bite and your mouth is on fire but you keep coming back for more.  Soy Garlic is the same without the spiciness and is a perfect complement to the spicy wings.     
Soho is def the best place for wings.  Not without hurting the wallet but def worth it.  I haven't had many complaints with new management and will still keep coming here to satisfy my chicken craving.So glad we found this place. The food is DELICIOUS and the service is awesome, everyone is super nice. Everything we've tried so far is great but my favorite are the wings. THEYRE THE BEST EVERRRR!The spicy chicken wings is fantastic. Feeds the beer that Koreans binge drink every night. So come for the crispy wings. Leave for the horse shit wanna be night club atmosphere that's designed to reel in Metro's.Best wings in town. Delish and 5 stars all the way. Take is $1.00 per wing and is well worth it.Their wins are incredible!!! Nothing like regular American wings. Taste a little sweet and garlicky, and so crispy! 
we have it at least once a month. That's how good they are.  
If you are ordering take out-keep in mind , it takes about 40 minutes for it to be ready.Chicken is good but do take out.  My most recent dine in visit I had to wait quite a long time for the chicken to be done.  Meanwhile for delivery they tell me it'll be ready in 15-20 min.  The inconsistency in wait time just isn't acceptable.  The service (or lack of thereof unless you ring the buzzer) just makes me miss Bonchon back in the DC area.All the Asian people at my school is always talking about this place Friday nights. Finally checked it out.
The outside looks like something I would probably just walk by the if you look inside, the design, the lights, and the colors are really nice.
The Fried Season Chicken was okay. Or I wasn't too hungry today. I definitely want to go back because the design was so cute so next time, I'll make sure I'm hungry! The guy did ask us if we wanted Sweet Radish which were interesting.
Oh! And they have a GREAT taste in music!! KPOP!Stopped by for some food and drinks after Black Friday shopping. We got an order of the soy wings and spicy wings that were SO satisfying. The skin was well glazed and had a great crispy crunch, and the meat was piping hot and delicious. It came out with a side of sweet pickled white radish, which added a really nice twist of flavor. We also ordered delicious watermelon soju (which came out in a real watermelon). Great music and vibe, along with friendly staff. We'll definitely be back with more of our friends!Chicken is really good! and reasonably priced! I would recommend the soy and spicy for chicken seasonings. The PahDahk was also really good.
Ddukbbokkee was OK ...other that those items, I wouldn't order anything else from the menu.
Just stick with the chicken (or alcohol).Cafe Soho has some of the best Korean Fried Chicken (KFC) I have ever eaten. While some may say the hot and spicy flavor is too hot, I think it's the perfect amount of kick. The chicken itself is nice and crispy as well. If you're in the Philly area, look no further for all your Korean chicken cravings.Best fried chicken / wings anywhere! OMG! is it amazing!! Sometimes i sit around and dream of the chicken from this place...Besides that  - everything else is average.  Come here for the chicken and you will be treated to chicken heaven.  Spicy wings are wonderfully spicy - so beware! But I love it!!  - guests we took with us on Sunday - had a tough time with it - 
We went last Sunday and the chicken ran out - we were able to get 40 - for a party of 10, this is really disappointing.   This is the only bad experience    I've had here.  The owner is great! The waiters are not the best...but hey - i am not there to socialize with them..but the chicken.
I was a little hesitant at first because of the safety of the location - but it is not bad as it once was... parking can be quite difficult - especially when it's busy.
It is $1 per wing - but that is the best $20 you will spend on food.
Highly super recommended!!   5 stars for the chicken and much less for everything else, service and parking.I'm not a huge fan of Korean food but I'm a sucker for chicken wings. If you love super crispy chicken wings this is the place to be! No matter how late or early you come they will not disappoint. I must warn you that no matter how hungry/hangry you are I promise the wait will make your belly happy. Even the kids beg to come here late at night (they're not with us tonight) but we have taken them out and they were whining about how hungry they were but once those wings hit the table all you feel is happiness. 
If you don't like waiting then I advise you to order to go, they still are super crispy!I went to cafe soho to eat with my friend who is pregnant n craving for chicken! This white server was like you guys can't come in because it's 1 am and kitchen close at 1245.....when clearly it said they close at 2... He said at 2, we start kicking people out. He was mean and we're very very disappointed:( arghhhhh ) clearly, they should change their operation hours bc people do drive 45 mins just to get some food.A review on the BonChon chicken (not necessarily on the cafe itself).
http://www.bonchon.com
Don't bother going there though.  There is absolutely no information that will help you recreate these transcendent wings at home on your own.
Also, if you live within an hour of this place and haven't tried the chicken wings, WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOR???
I have a friend who abhors fried chicken.  I'm talking about fried chicken like the old standby (Kentucky Fried Chicken).  I mean she has a point, the skin is thick and heavy, the grease get everywhere and it definitely passes the clear test if you rub it on a napkin (or a wall).  I happen to be a glutton and love the traditional southern fried chicken so I disagree with her there but I introduced her to these delectable treats this past Saturday night and she is in love!
They are crisp, flavorful and reheat nicely in the toaster oven.  What is there not to like?  The hot is a bit above average on the spicy meter but is nicely balanced by the sweet and vinegary daikon radish pieces provided.  The soy and garlic is tasty and not spicy at all.  The size of the wings are generous and not at all like most places' buffalo wings (which are more like pigeon wings).
Order at least 30 minutes ahead of time to pick up.  I live in NE Montgomery County but continue to come down to the area for my haircuts.  I ALWAYS make time to call up and get at least 2 boxes on every trip.  It's fun for the entire family.
20 dollars for a box of 18 (a bit expensive but *well* worth it).
Call ahead at least 30 minutes.
Bring cash for best results.
Bon appetite.Came here with a group of friends for my birthday celebration and I must say the wings were BEYOND AMAZING! My favorite was the soy garlic and the special fried chicken. I'm curious what other great food this restaurant has. I definitely recomend Cafe Soho!!