Highly recommended. Everything we ordered was excellent. The tamale azteca is superb, the cafe con chocolate excellent, and tres leches to die for. Riquisimo. Plus, I got the vibe there was a lot of attention to detail in the decor. We brought vodka and beer, and they were great about keeping our drinks cold for us. We stayed for 2.5 hours and had attentive service. Since it was such a beautiful night when we dined there, I half-wished that they had more substantial outdoor seating. Then again, given the neighborhood, perhaps I'm glad they did not. Either way, my only real complaint is that it takes a solid hour of public trans to get from west to 21st and Snyder. But hey, I ate enough that I needed that 7 block walk back to the sub. Overall, it's a high-quality venue with character.Came here with a group of friends and we all enjoyed it immensely. It was so so so good. We couldn't get over the nachos and then, the rest. One of us got the mole enchiladas and I seriously wish I sat closer so I could eat ALL OF IT. Everything else was delicious too and the cafe chocolate (with shot of espresso) TO DIE FOR. I could bathe in it. SERIOUSLY. 
Anyways, the food was great and the people were amazing. I am definitely going back for more. I have tried mexican food in LA but this place was one of the better mexican food places I have tried.Got the Huevos Motunlenos Especiales! Added chorizo on top and was amazing. Everything we got here was great along with the service.Cafe Y Chocolate is truly authentic old-country Mexican food.  The restaurant is a special gem in South Philadelphia, with a traditional and soulful menu of Mexican drinks and dishes.  The warm staff immediately welcomes you in for a meal, and it is a memorable meal every single time.  I have visited this place for so many brunches and dinners over the past few years, and I always leave wanting to come back again before the end of the week.  My usual meals often include Mexican hot chocolates, chipotle potatoes, homemade guacamole, vegetarian tacos, and their tortas (oh, man, the tortas!).  This ain't a meat-and-more-meat kind of Mexican restaurant--they will happily cook for any kind of eater, whether you are a vegan, vegetarian, gluten-free disciple, whatever.  The food at Cafe Y Chocolate is always good.  Always.This place is AMAZING!! Came to visit Philly for 4th of July weekend and we decided to give it try for brunch....Best decision of the weekend.  Their food is impeccable and exquisitely prepared. The customer service was a 10 and the serene family culture adds to the food experience. Please visit here if you are in town!This place is amazing! It's a diamond in the south Philly area. The drinks are dynamic and delicious. The food is on another level! Try the tortas or the empanadas :)We decided to try this place after reading http://philly.eater.com/maps/philly-under-the-radar-breakfast-restaurants-cafe instead of Honey's. That was a mistake. The food was very flavorful but, the bread was stale. I had the Huevos Motuleños Especiales that suppose to come with tortilla or bread. I had to ask for it. Then, we were charged $1.50 for it. We asked why the menu stated it was included, waitress couldn't give us an answer.  The  Huevos Revueltos con Chorizo was suppose to be paired with bread or tortillas, we didn't get any.   Service was slow. It took us about 10 minutes to get the check. Another 5 more minutes to get my carrot, Apple and ginger juice into a disposable cup. Then, another 5 minutes for our change. I was very disappointed driving all the way from northeast Philadelphia for that. I'll stick with Honey Sit-N-Eat and Cafe La Maude.Just found this place yesterday and went back again today!  Super fresh, super delicious.  Had the Huevos Rancheros both days (amazing verde sauce) and the fish tacos and chilaquiles.  Very friendly staff and delicious strong coffee to round out the meal. Cafe Y Chocolate is fabulous!!!!Food was 3 stars.. Service was terrible enough to bring the rating down to 1. 
Ordered coffees and received our food first. Not until we asked for the coffee a third time did we receive it. Forgot half of our desserts.. took 20 minutes to get the bill.. 20 minutes to pay..If you're a west coast transplant, this is the place to give you all the Mexican feels from home.A smaller place with great food. I recently when here with a bunch of friends for a late Sunday brunch. Even though the space is tiny- they were very accommodating in trying to seat us all together, which I appreciated. This is definitely a place where you can expect for things to take awhile. (Not in a bad way). Food and service  was excellent.  And I would definitely recommend this place to friends.Mexican brunch is the best brunch. This place is small, quaint, and feels like it could be a little coffee shop in a romcom. Their food feels authentic and that each dish was carefully crafted. The churros are a must try, and in my opinion, a sign of their culinary prowess. I would've drank the chocolate sauce if my friends would've let me. The best drink is easily the cafe con chocolate. Rich, generously portioned, and appropriately sweetened, I considered ordering another. The fresh fruit juice was also refreshing. The juevos revueltos migas and juevos motuleños especiales were the highlights off the brunch menu. I enjoyed the chorizo as well but didn't think it was necessarily out of this world. 
The bottom line: definitely worth the trip from center city. The drinks and brunch are particularly this places specialtyI highly recommend you check out this hidden gem.  The coffee is delicious and bottomless. I had the tinga torta and it was simply fantastic. The staff is super friendly and helpful, and the prices are quite reasonable. I will definitely be going back again and again.Came here twice so far.  I don't think you can go wrong with any of the Tortas. The Mexican cheesesteak and huevos con chorizo Tortas were so tasty, and the roll so deliciously crunchy.  I usually don't like beans in my food (somewhat ironic I know), but the huevos chorizo torta had such a nice mix of flavors from the eggs, avocado, cheese, tomato and lettuce that I have to make an exception...at least at this restaurant.  The lime juice that I had was very nice as well.
I also had the nachitos (nacho app), which was about average, but I won't judge the restaurant on that one dish.  
I will definitely be back.I've had this bookmarked for quite a while and within the last week I've gone twice! I think that says a lot. I brought several people here from out of town, and every person has enjoyed their food fully. I would like to think I'll come here regularly. Haven't had a chance to save room for any dessert, but the enchiladas con salsa verde have been my favorite so far.
cash only, with ATM on premises.This has been my favorite place for a while now. My boyfriend and I had our second date here, and we were blown away by how amazing the food was. And the coffee? The coffee will change. your. life. The culmination of my love for this place came a little over a week ago when I had my 30th birthday there. First of all, they were so helpful, and accommodating and awesome. They let us BYOB and we picked all our favorite things off the menu for our guests. People could not stop raving about the food. Did I say the coffee would change your life? Man, the nachos will too! This is hands down, some of the best food in the city. And the place is run by some of the nicest and best people in the city. If you haven't been here, what are you waiting for?Pro: DELICIOUS, authentic Mexican food. 
Con: the waitress we had was not as attentive as she needed to be (e.g. Forgot to give us menus, silverware, water refills, checkup on us throughout our visit)
Luckily everyone else there was supportive, and made it more of a team effort to take care of our table. Also, the food... serious props to the chef.Food was great, service was very nice too. Plenty of options for vegans and gluten free folks.Great food, small place that's sort of hole in the wall and a perfect place to go for brunching if you're in the mood for Mexican. Authentic, love their Mexican coffee drinks as well.This is a cutest little cafe! I went here for brunch earlier today and everything about this place from the outside to the inside brightens up your day! 
I ordered the nachos and my friend orders the molletes and together we shared the churros classico! The service wasn't the greatest we waited a while to be served and no one came around to ask if we needed anything such as water fill ups. (Water was like warm) not something I'm usually a fan of! 
The food tasted absolutely amazing and I have zero complaints on that level! Food outweighed the service concerns for me.This place is the best for an affordable brunch! Get the cafe con chocolate--just do it. The huevos rancheros are awesome as well (get 'em with the portuguese bread). Also, they serve la colombe coffee, a bonus for us coffee snobs. Added bonus: this place is adorable! A real south philly gem.I came here thanks to the incredible yelp reviews. I came on a cold winter day and was the only person in the restaurant. I enjoyed a FANTASTIC cafe con chocolate and breakfast burrito. I took my time and savored every bite and sip. The place feels very warm and welcoming. I didn't have any issues finding parking in the area. Staff was very friendly and helpful as it was my first time.  
I was curious if the delicious coffee and chocolate beverage was gluten-free and the staff took several minutes to look at the ingredients of the chocolate and unfortunately it was not so I can't share this amazing beverage with the GF. I am appreciative of the time they took to look into it. I will definitely be back.I crave this place and always want to go every weekend; however the length of time from sitting, ordering, waiting for food, and finally eating, (for even just 2 people) could end up taking 2 hours out of your day. Most of the time there is just one person in front (Is there just one person in the kitchen too?)  This is the one reason that keeps me from turning this into my go-to brunch spot every weekend. I just don't have the patience to drive out there and wait forever (once I've ordered). 
If you have 4+ people in your party, forget it, be prepared to come on off hours, and don't come too hungry because you'll be a drooling lunatic before your food comes. Also it does not come all at once.  I once got my Chorizo Queso Fundito, once everyone was done eating and we were asking for the check. I assumed they forgot my order, and was prepared not to pay for it, so I didn't even ask where it was. Unfortunately, it came with the check, and came with no apologies. I could have said no and argued the check, but that's rather embarrassing with your friends witnessing, and on your way out the door, when you've already stayed 2 hours. 
You can't take Queso Fundito to go! It hardens quickly and must be eaten on site. It is really sad that this was my appetizer for the table, and by now everyone was extremely stuffed. I forced everyone to still eat it, because it was silly to take it home once it congeals and the oil separates. So we ate each amazingly delicious bite, and held our tummies for the next few hours.
Other yumms - should you make the trek to the deep south philly:
The Molletes are an absolute MUST to get every time and always needs an extra bowl of that delicious too-spicy salsa for every bite. Add a fried egg, if this is all you feel like eating for breakfast. 
The queso fundido w chorizo is so great. You have to eat it quickly before it hardens. 
The various Tortas are delicious and is another go to of mine.. 
Huevos rancheros are right on.Not sure this place needs more love but I HAD to share just how much I love it!! 
Its such an amazing little hidden gem that the fact that it is "cash only" doesnt even bother me! Their Mexican Hot Chocolate is a trip back to my abuela's house! Their cozy environment makes you want to stay forever. Their churro dessert is a MUST HAVE! Their customer service is the best, you truly feel you are at their own personal house!! LOVE this!go and try the molletes. i get the roast pork on top. one of the best dishes in philly. period.This is the first time my opinion diametrically differs from Yelp majority. We were so excited to try CCC and finally had brunch there today. 3 adults and 3 kids. We ordered several dishes as well as the famed ccc. The place was less than half full yet our wait for food was surprisingly long. After about 20 mins, the server seemed apologetic and offered us an appetizer as we waited, we accepted (stay tuned for more on that later). The app was toasted bread with a refried type black bean paste and cheese melted on top, it was good, not great but the kids liked it. About 5 mins after that came the tamale dish of one adult at the table, no one else's food was in sight. She liked her dish. Next came nachos: as another Yelper stated, it was good but with too many cold components to make it great. It seemed each dish came out within 10 mins of the one before... My husbands migas especial came and he, who has NEVER in all the years I've known him, not eaten what he's ordered, did just that today... He just did not like the soupiness not the flavor of the dish...total surprise to me. So we are 45 minutes into this meal and 3 kids have still not received the 3 chicken tacos they ordered and I did not get my dish. I got up and politely asked the server if we could cancel those orders as the rest of the table was already done. I asked why there had been such a delay (btw, I speak fluent Spanish so there was definitely no issue with understanding one another). The server just apologized and agreed that small kids should usually be the first to get fed (especially really you g ones, since otherwise you'll have a nacho chip throwing mutiny). She gave us the bill and guess what, she charged us $6.50 for the appetizer she offered us what seemed to be a co cession for the delay. Sorry CCC, as newbies to the area and with places like Lift, Sabrina's, Reading Market and a bunch of Mexican places and trucks in Philly that blow you away taste and service I cannot drum up one good reason to ever return to you.Stopped in for linner (somewhere between lunch and dinner).
SOLID fish tacos and burrito (they accommodated my request!).  Lightly fried fish, crisp lettuce, buttery avocado, perfect crunch on the pressed tortilla.  They currently set the bar for fish tacos in the area for me.  Sorry Los Gallos - I may have gotten a bad batch from you, but I almost gagged the last time I ordered yours :(  Service was friendly, though a bit lackadaisical.  Yes, I know, it's on par with other neighborhood joints.
I'd like to give them 3.5 stars - why do you ask?  My churros (the main draw for coming here) were a bit stale and the chocolate dip was not thick as other reviews said it would be.  I'll revisit the rating when I revisit on a busier day when they're making the churros fresh :)the food was amazing. so many gluten free and vegetarian options.  the prices are great.  i had the  nachitos, vegetarian tacos, and flan.Came here on a cold day and was welcomed immediately by staff. 
Food was filling and tasty. Would definitely try out the specials they have.I was recently introduced to this place by a friend. I didn't have any expectations and yet was completely blown away. I'm seldom impressed by most places. I'm not even a huge fan of Mexican food. However, that might have to change.
The space is small, yet for the time being don't expect the kind of wait you'd get out of say Honey's or Sabrina's. I mention those two places, because honestly- even though Cafe con Chocolate only offers Mexican it's at par if not better than the fabled deliciousness from those two famed bruncheries.
The restaurant remains in largely undiscovered territory for most people. There's really nothing out in that direction. It's a good 6-7 blocks west/2 blocks south of even the South Philly Taproom. However, it's entirely well-worth the trip. I seriously can't recall if I've ever had better Mexican food.
I ordered the namesake beverage for the restaurant, a cafe con chocolate. It kind of took ages for me to receive it- not sure what the deal was with that. As slightly annoying as that was, however, the drink was phenomenal- made with Mexican hot chocolate. My waiting woes were eradicated with how great it was.
My group went family style and ordered a myriad of dishes, several types of nachos, something akin to tamales and molletes (buttered, toasted long rolls topped with refried beans, mozzarella, jack and queso fresco served with pico de gallo) - all of which were simply phenomenal.
I'm reading now that they've got some sort of Japanese fusion going on, that wasn't indicated from what I could see on the brunch menu- though I'm excited to perhaps return for dinner and try it out.Food was fantastic. Huevos Rancheros, delicious. Cheese omelette, surprisingly perfect. Nachos with scrambled eggs, brilliant. Cafe con chocolate, better than expected. 4stars because service was slow at first, but then it all rounded out. Loved this place."Where the heck is this place?!" , I whined, having just finished a tough shift at my place of work nearby. We were following Billy, a local, who raved about Cafe Con Chocolate. We were zig zagging (take note, Rickon!) through the back roads north of West Passyunk until we finally reached our destination, a brightly painted feast for the eyes, in an otherwise drab looking area. 
Sufficed to say, it was worth the trip, and Billy once again shows that he knows what he is talking about. 
Philly is a city known for the cheesesteak but the fact is, there are a number of worthy sandwiches that deserve more fanfare; The Roast Pork, the hoagie, roast beef, sausage and peppers , etc. But it's time to add a new one to the list, The Torta. 
The Torta is essentially a hot sandwich with your choice of meat (I chose the picadilla, seasoned ground beef w/carrots and peas), served with various veggies and cheese on ...and this is key...a long Portuguese roll. 
As a baker, I've long been a fan of the underused Portuguese Roll. Thick and hearty with a flavor that both stands alone and compliments anything you put on it. And at Cafe Con Chocolate, they aren't just putting anything on it. Their fillings were fresh , plentiful and delicious. 
They have a simple but eclectic menu. I'd love to go back and try a number of things but that sandwich is so good it would be hard to deny. The decor was charming and inviting, the staff was friendly and helpful and the overall atmosphere was very relaxing. 
I can't say enough good things about this place. Definitely worth straying friends m the beaten path to give it a try .I recently moved to this South Philly neighborhood and I kept seeing the sign for cafe con chocolate out of the corner of my eye.  Always while heading in the opposite direction.  Well today I discovered what I've been missing, great Mexican food west of the Italian Market area.  
After a late night of perhaps a little too much to drink, I stumbled out of the house in search of something good to eat and decided now was as good a time as any to explore the culinary offerings of my new neighborhood. Well I got about half a block before coming to cafe con chocolate.  I approached to find that this was more than just a coffee shop but a Mexican/Japanese fusion restaurant.  I had to check it out.
Once inside I discovered that the menu was mostly Mexican.  There weren't many Japanese offerings but other options abounded.  Upon the recommendation of another customer, I ordered the enchiladas with pork and a side order of the home fries, which were touted on the board outside the restaurant.  The enchiladas came covered in a delicious salsa verde with a side of rice and refried beans.  Everything was wonderful.  The pork was tender and well flavored and was complemented perfectly by the salsa.  The potatoes came out piping hot but once cool I found them to be well flavored and with a great texture.  They were nice and crisp on the outside and tender but firm on the inside.  They also were great when dipped in the salsa.  I wish I had more room in my stomach.  
The staff was friendly as well as the clientele.  The decor was warm and there was great art on sale.  My only complaint is that this place is not open more.  They are not open Mon-Wed and don't open until 10 am the other days.  I could see myself getting breakfast here most mornings. In any case I will return often.  I glad it's just around the corner.All was very delicious and taste don't wait more and go taste those plates 
Muy rico todo les recomiendo todo esta riquísimo y muy buen servicioThe food and the drinks are simply amazing but the server is what gave this place a 5 star rating. Been here three or four times and she never once disappoint me or the guest. No need to say more.Have been waiting to try it, and was sorry I waited so long. We had a chorizo empanada that was full of flavor, hubby had mole enchiladas and I chose the rojas, each came with sides of rice and black beans. Arturo our server was friendly and took great care of us. Very tasy meals served in a  style which is slightly different than the Sonoran that we are acustomed to seeing, a nice change. The room is cozy and welcoming. Arturo was singing along to the music playing. It was a good night.Can I just say that this may have been one of the best breakfasts I've ever had? My partner disdains what he calls "American" breakfast- sausage, eggs, pancakes... the like. He finds it heavy and repetitive, which is why I'm always on the lookout for 'alternative' breakfast options. This place was a perfect pick, and I loved how kitschy and cozy it is inside. The service was very friendly and I could not believe how quickly our food came out. We ordered the huevos rancheros as well as their namesake drink, the Cafe y Chocolate. I've had huevos racheros other places, but this place really hit it out of the park. There were three semi-fried tortillas with green salsa and a poached egg atop each. It was served with black beans on the side as well as a side of pulled pork which we added on. Each element was perfectly cooked and the combination of each ingredient really made for a filling and delicious breakfast. Between the two of us, we were very full splitting this dish. I have to say that you cannot leave this place without trying the cafe y chocolate. I'm not a huge chocolate lover, but this coffee drink is absolutely delightful. It is the perfect mix of coffee, chocolate and spices and is served in a giant mug which warms your heart and stomach. I would definitely come back here, if only for the cafe y chocolate. Our bill was brought in a little handmade sewn doll, which was a cute touch. Although we were only in the city for a weekend, I found myself eager to return for breakfast the next day even though there were other places I wanted to try. I would definitely recommend to others and would love to come back during my next visit.One of the best Mexican places I have tried in Philly, up there with Barbacoa and Prima. I had the best hot chocolate ever, very fragrant horchata, and a delicious carnitas torta on really decent bread. The homemade hot sauces were awesome. Bonus - you can play battleship while you wait!Cute charming place! We saw the great reviews on yelp and decided to check it out on a casual Saturday evening. 
Initially we had explored the menu online and I think we were kind of confused by the contrast between the name of the cafe, the food on the menu, and its advertisement for being Mexican and Japanese fusion. Regardless, we went and ordered the Enchiladas de Mole and the Special Tacos with chorizo to share. The food really lived up to the good reviews, and the service was particularly cheerful and solid, which made the experience even more pleasant. The mole sauce was new but I enjoyed it a lot! One side note is that it did feel a bit on the more pricey end for the type of food/advertised price category ($), but we decided that it seemed worth it. 
To close off the meal, we got the Chocolate Oaxaca drink instead of the classic Cafe con Chocolate since I don't drink coffee. This was a big plus for my sweet tooth - a delicious large frothy mug of hot chocolate! It wasn't overly sweet but still tasted fairly rich, with hints of cinnamon that made it really flavorful. We intend to come again!came here for brunch with my husband, brother, and his gf. the food was great!! my husband's from LA..and he really misses good mexican food. he got a steak burrito and said it was really good. i had the mexican cheesesteak..it was huge and freakin delicious! my bro's gf doesn't eat meat..so she got the tofu torta and said it was really good also... very good sized portions! as far as drinks... the horchata is the best i've ever had..! the cafe con chocolate was also very good! the only thing we probably wouldn't order again would be the caramel stuffed churros... they had run out of the plain ones. the server was a doll...super helpful w/ recommendations.
love this place!I really like this place--it's like a little oasis on the sun-scorched strip of Snyder.  Great food, friendly staff and cozy atmosphere.  Easy going place with great smoothies, coffee and food.  I look forward to breakfasts here--except for the walk down Snyder.Overall....This place is totally worthy of 5 stars. The food was excellent! We had a party of 7 on this mother's day weekend for brunch. There was a picky eater a vegan and someone lactose intolerant within the group. There was something for everyone. The beverages were spectacular and the service was kind and inviting. The neighborhood was pretty shady but I'll go back for sure! On top the of it all, the price was MORE than reasonable.I wish I could rate this place 10 stars!! 
From the moment we arrived at 10:50am for Sunday brunch to when we left around 12:20pm, our experience was just amazing.  My husband, our toddler and I were seated despite not having all 5 of our group present.  We were catching up with friends who we hadn't seen and weren't rushed to order right away.  Our toddler was treated so great by all staff and even customers at the next table which was quite close (not always the case in a small Philadelphia restaurant.) We all had either breakfast burritos or another breakfast entree and were so satisfied and filled with our food--great value too!  As for the cafe con leche (huge beautiful mugs!) and horchata drinks, the BEST in Philadelphia!! We weren't rushed despite their being a line at times since it's a small place.
You can't go wrong for brunch with this place! I'm already planning my next visit back!!   Go here ----you won't regret it!Really Tasty. I can't remember what I had as this is kind of a late review, but it is a really good place for latin style brunch food. Almost every dish comes with beans and there are spicy and mild options on the menu. Whatever I had I remember it being quite good and my girlfriend had the Horchata and I remember it tasting delicious. The one thing I do recall was getting the signature cafe con chocolat which was huge and delicious. I'd go again for sure.This place is amazing!! My husband and I went for brunch over this past weekend, based on a recommendation from my sister. 
We ordered:
- queso fundido (with mushrooms, poblano peppers and chirizo): pretty good, will skip next time. 
- breakfast burrito: really really good. Don't forget to get the hot sauce, definitely makes it. 
- cafe con chocolate: uh-mazing!
- cafe oaxaco: doubly uh-mazing!
- churros: great! they usually have the options of either caramel or plain. We compromised and they let us have half and half. I'm really glad we did this because the caramel filled was good, but too sweet to eat too much of. 
Overall, will definitely go back. We'll definitely come back for more brunch. We'll add it to our regular rotation for brunches.Great coffee and tofu options for brunch along with meat options. I have brought many different groups of people here for brunch and they all love it.Great brunch spot, esp if you don't want to fight the crowds at the more standard brunch-type places.  Not a huge place, so probably don't get a crew bigger than 3-5.I only had a cookie and a Mexican hot chocolate, but they were both the perfect addition to my day. The decor is cute and cozy. This place was unexpected.Just finished eating the vegetarian omelette. This place is great! The omelette was perfectly seasoned, and I love that they have a fresh salad on the side. The coffee was delicious as well. The atmosphere is wonderful- love the homey-feel and the music. I highly recommend this place for anyone who's looking for Mexican breakfast food.Great atmosphere and food. We had brunch here with live music. Highly recommend the cafe con chocolate.The mexican cheesesteak was likely the best sandwich I've ever had. All the food was amazing, as was the service, and I loved the atmosphere. I unfortunately only tried the horchata (which was great), but I'm excited to come back and try more.I was looking for a place to try out near me and this place just happened to pop up. When we got there it was painted pretty cutely on the outside and when we go it, it was still pretty quaint. While there, i decided to get the Cafe con Chocolate which to my surprise was amazing, and the portion size was huge. I also decided to get a burrito, although it was a bit cold and soggy, they did make it to my order of no tomatoes. My boyfriend got an empanada and so did my friend. I decided to have some and it was pretty good and bug for only an appetizer. After that we got an order of churros (carmel bc why not) and tres Leches. The tres leches was alright, but let me tell you about the churros, absolutely amazing. If you're planning on going to Cafe y Chocolate i definitely recommend you try the churros. Absolutely amazing! This place is so cheap and fulfilling, I would definitely go again!Very aesthetically pleasing little restaurant. I was expecting Mexican and Japanese fusion from the way people talk about it, but it's actually just mostly Mexican dishes and then 3-4 Japanese options on the menu. Service was very warm and friendly. 
For dinner we got an order of nachos (of course) and empanadas. The nachos are HUGE, so much so that I only took a few bites of my empanada afterwards. The nachos were good but had a few too many cold elements and no spice at all - cold cheese, cold sour cream, lettuce - it makes a bit of a funky taste, especially towards the end. The empanadas are very good and the chorizo comes with potato mixed in which I've never seen before at other Mexican places (I've been to far too many). 
I'd be interested to go back and try brunch here and have some Mexican hot chocolate or coffee, neither of which I got since I went in the late evening for dinner and it was about a thousand degrees outside.One time I took refuge here after long hours of community service and I fell in love with this place. I loved the atmosphere and the coffee is amazing! I also had the flan, and it was spectacular. Can't wait to go back!"Eek! Methinks not" sums up our experience quite well.
I can and can not believe all of the raving reviews for this restaurant, alas, we had a horrid experience! 
We had tickets to see Rain at 1:00 and decided to check out Cafe con Chocolate for brunch, which is basically Mexican cuisine, although they do have a small selection of Japanese, imagine fusion of a Mexican and Japanese menu...
The place is tiny, with probably ten to twelve small tables all pushed together and they were all either seated or dirty when we walked in, so we chose to seat ourselves at the counter, which had six stools. The restaurant is colorful with bright walls, decorated with paintings that are for sale and shelves holding both Mexican and Japanese pieces. The floors are old and unfinished wood, which even have knot holes allowing the light from the basement to shine through. 
They do their own baking, as I witnessed the cook putting up trays of cookies and baked goods, while also preparing folks meals.
The dirty dishes get scraped and piled up into the hand washing sink behind the counter or stacked on the counter still loaded with uneaten food. The kitchen is off to the right with a queer set up, there is a board that the food is set on to be delivered to the tables, yet when the server walks into the kitchen, she must duck under this board and then immediately go down one step.
I will give our server five bright and shiny stars, how she did it, I will never know. First of all they offer a huge variety of coffee drinks, chocolate drinks, including mochas, smoothies, fruit drinks. She had a memory like none I have ever witnessed and as tables came in, she would take their order, take it to the kitchen and then make drinks, which took her quite some time and if another table came in, she would then take their order and go back to making drinks for that first table. Expect your beverages to take 15 to 30 minutes!
We walked in at 11:30, ordered at 11:45, we got our food at 12:45, well not quite, as it sat on the board for a good five minutes until we finally stopped her and said our food has been sitting there, we're hungry, we have a 1:00 play and it is getting cold. One server, who kept apologizing, she was doing her very best, including take out orders for drinks and food. Until that point, we kept saying it was okay, no worries, but at that point we had enough.
I ordered the molletes, which I had never had before and they sounded interesting. Two long buttered rolls with a layer of black beans, cheese and a bowl of very good Pico de gallo was served on the side. I had added chorizo and over easy eggs to top the molletes. I made it a point to tell her that I liked my whites cooked but my yolks completely runny. 
Well my eggs came out over hard, no runny yolk whatsoever. I showed her that the yolks were hard and she was planning on taking the plate back and I said no, we have to leave, just bring me two more eggs cooked properly. I wasn't the only table who sent back food, even though I held onto mine like it was gold. The eggs came right out, I ate half of one molletes, the eggs and packaged the rest to go.
To make matters worse there was no chorizo on the molletes, but at this point I didn't even care! We were still charged for it, getting your check takes another 5-10 minutes, as she then adds up everything that you ordered. Rather than argue we paid for the sausage, since our play, which was across town, had already started. 
Michael ordered the enchiladas, of which you had your choice of fillings, he ordered ground beef, etc., and your choice of mole sauce or a green salsa Verde, he chose the mole and got the salsa. It was also to come with a side of beans and rice. Now if you want to take a look at the other posters pictures, we had envisioned Spanish rice and refried pinto beans, the black beans were great, but the rice? It was plain white rice, totally unseasoned, I mean totally and had corn stirred in? Which looked nothing like this picture http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/qaDImxPguQz0jToNYvB1Eg?select=59lHgE8PVzkzrLrV3iGtvQ
Portions are all huge and I enjoyed watching all of the food that came out of the kitchen. I watched as the owner/manager? Walked in right before we left and start to clean up the tables and dishes. One cook, one server on a very busy Sunday morning, maybe he should hire more help or come in quite a bit earlier. 
It's not located in the best section of the city, debris and litter everywhere and many folks who looked like they could be trouble. If you plan on checking out Cafe con Chocolate, I would suggest visiting on a week day or if going on the weekend plan on wasting a couple to a few hours.I specifically asked the hostess if I could be out by a certain time and they brought our food 10 min after that te. The hues Rancheros were very runny and difficult to eat.  The looked pretty bad worst I have had. My husband's burrito was a strong 4.Unexpectedly fantastic food. The last stop of a day filled with delicious food, and this was the winner. Ordered the fish tacos and it made me want to move to Philly. Sooo good. I believe the description said fried fish with guacamole. The fish was fried but definitely not greasy, it came out hot and flaky and delicious. It was also not a thick batter, but very light coating. The guacamole was not mashed like guacamole but rather small cubes of avocado, but was still good. Lastly I didn't know it was topped with chipotle mayo which I normally don't like but it was good and brought out the flavors well.
Horchata and tres leches were good too.Love love love this place! Food is absolutely delish!! You must get the cookies! Chocolate chip cookies are a must have at this place. The service as well was amazing. I think her name is Celine and she was such a sweet heart! Took her time explaining our questions, gave us suggestions and checked on us about 5 times, I give her a 20 on service!! Def will go back!!This was our second dinner at Cafe Con Chocolate, and I waited for the 2nd time around to write a review. I must say that this restaurant serves highly flavorful, and delicious mexican food. 
There were 6 people during each of our visit and everyone walked out highly impressed with the food, and the homely service. The experience you get is not that of a restaurant but that of home. Our waitress (Itzy?) was very patient, timely, and extremely helpful. For mexican food, this will be our restaurant going forward.
There are plenty of parking spaces on the streets. Since the restaurant is very small (5 tables possibly), I suggest you call ahead to reserve one for you.One of my faves... Get the carnitas ANYTHING. It's delicious. Yummy cafe con chocolate, chipotle potatoes, homemade salsas, etc. I can never come here enough to try everything that sounds good on the menu. Love the homey, cozy environment. My roommies and I love el jefe! Everything we've had was also delicious!I am lazy.  I don't like to venture outside of a 3 block radius when it comes to weekend brunch because a) I'm often hungover and b) I hate driving. Today I made the exception and finally trekked over to Cafe con Chocolate with a friend who's been insisting for months that I just HAVE to try it.  Well, she was right; it was totally worth the trip. What a cute place! I loved the look of it from the brightly painted outside to the warmly painted cozy inside with hammered copper tabletops. 
The place is pretty small and it was packed when we got there, but were able to snag a free table off in the corner.  I started out with the cafe con chocolate.  I figured a beverage must be pretty spectacular to name a restaurant after it...and it was! A big steamy mug of hot chocolate with a shot of espresso was exactly what I needed. Then came the food.  After what seemed like an eternity I was presented with a big delicious mess of a plate.  The Chilaquiles with mole sauce and scrambled eggs was delectable...and huge.  I sampled my friend's huevos rancheros which was also quite tasty.  We also shared a side of plantains (sweet fried deliciousness topped with cream and cheese) and home fries (perfectly fried and spiced with what I believe was chipotle).  
I was STUFFED by the end of this meal.  Portions are gigantic.  We had to utilize the table next to us for our sides of plantains & home fries because the main dishes took up our whole table. Despite my gluttonous state of brunch overload, I couldn't help but notice the nachos being served to the next table over.  Damn, they looked good.  I can't wait to go back to this place and try out more menu items!Delicious food and drinks.  I usually get the molletes and a smoothie.  All of the staff are super kind and we always love everything we get.Came here for a date and love the coffee and deco. Found a great place to go that is walking distance from my house but not love Brought my kids for lunch and we love everything we order. We all agreed that this is going to be a regular for usI just love this place. The place is small, very cute. The food is all very tasty! I have had a few things from the menu (food and drink) and have been very satisfied with all. Service is very good and the prices are cheap for the quality I felt. This is one my favorite places in South Philly.My favorite restaurant in Philly.  Food is always so amazing, giant portions and so tasty and authentic.  Service and food take a bit, so don't come if you are in a hurry.  I love to come here for brunch on a day off, get some fresh squeezed and also awesomely priced juice and some killer food.this place was way cute and the service was friendly and helpful.  what a neat concept for a cafe!  i loved the menu (lots of vege-friendly stuff) and it was hard to decide, but ultimately i went with the mexican menu and had nachos and an empanada.  i was surprised the nachos used that real mexican cheese whose name i can't pronounce.  great with sides of salsa verde and guacamole (which they didn't even charge extra for!).  my tofu empanada was a little bland but the nachos more than made up for it.  wish they had seitan or a heartier meat sub.  next time i will try the japanese menu.  i did pair my mexican meal with a japanese green tea which went down just fine.I was looking to introduce my boyfriend to the Mexican torta and to our luck the Mexican taco truck at the local park didn't show up. But we found this place! Reasonably priced, very mom-and-pop and cozy, which is exactly what I like about a place because it's usually where you find the best food. Don't let the neighborhood fool you into thinking this place is not worth it. 
 We had the huevo con chorizo torta and torta al pastor. Big serving, enough to have the other half for dinner. The Mexican hot chocolate was delicious. My boyfriend is an iced coffee addict and he really enjoyed the iced coffee.  For dessert we had churros. Churros are one of my favorite desserts so I know a thing or two about churros. The churros were crunchy and doughy, but lacked a bit of flavor.  The dipping chocolate was more liquidity than I was used to. There was a good selection of desserts, so maybe go for the flan or tres leches (another favorite dessert of mine). 
The staff was really friendly. We didn't have to wait long for our food. Overall, we had a great experience and I would highly recommend this place for a low-key, tasty meal.Wow what a cute little oasis of a cafe in a strangely not-so-nice neighborhood. The lady working at the counter is this super-sweet girl who provided excellent service. Don't get me started on the traditional Mexican coffees/drinks and desserts!!!
I got the Iced Blue Amaze and my friend got the Iced Cafe Con Chocolate, and both were delish! The blue amaze is a shot of espresso blended with ice, honey, cream, and this corn maize substance. I know - it sound strange, but the heartiness of the corn added an extra dimension to balance out the cream and espresso. The Cafe Con Chocolate had a rich chocolate base that brought out some of the coffee-espresso flavors, wrapped in some cinnamon. These drinks were so unique and ethnic (plus iced on a hot day) - perfect!!
And don't even get me started on the desserts - These are the BEST CHURROS I ever tasted, and really delicious Tres Leches cake. The churros were perfecttttt!!! They came out hot and piping with a careful blanket of sugar over. The churros is crispy on the outside and creates a gradient of crispy to soft/gooey in the center. Omgggg, sooo good! The center is so soft and delectably doughy, it melts in your mouth. Amazing!! I have to try the caramel ones next time. The chocolate sauce on the side was very light and liquid, not very rich. This actually worked perfectly because it let the churros truly shine, lightly flavored with cinnamon-chocolate.
The Tres Leches was also tres delicious!!! The cake was airy, light and fluffy, soaking up the condensed milk and cream at the bottom. It reminds me of how lady fingers soak up coffee in a well-crafted tiramisu. The beauty was the cake truly was light and took in the three creams, creating an almost cheesecake-like texture. The magic was that the cake was not soggy, but rather fluffed up from the cream. Yum!!! 
I'd love to come back here for brunch or more desserts! It's a bit out of the way, but a wonderful cute little cafe indeed!~Really cute place. Food was good and looked good. Really nice ownership and staff. I am looking forward to coming here more and more, getting more of the menu. I recommend this to anyone, no matter where you are coming from. Even though I have so many Mexican places where I live, I would still come back here anytime.This place is AMAZING. We went for brunch after the Broad Street Run with a large party and they accommodated us even though we had more people than our initial reservation. All the staff was very courteous and attentive. Also, they are BYOB and let you bring tequila which they prepare with margarita mix for you! It was so fun and the food was really great! Definitely would recommend and go back to.Nice place for a casual breakfast. Great coffee and tacos. Steak taco was good, but chicken one was a bit too dry. Coffee con chocolate was great! Made with espresso, milk, chocolate, and hint of cinnamon. Perfect balance and flavorful. I also saw a little band performed some songs which gave us a great start for our Sunday. CASH ONLY!!!!!!Grabbed a cappuccino with some mocha and a fresh chocolate chip cookie which the friendly girl said was homemade! Both were great! Good prices, quick service. Looking forward to try their tacos and hot chocolate.Excellent Food! Authentic food! Best tacos I have ever eaten! Nice small family restaurant!I've been quite a few times now, and the food has always been perfect. The breakfasts are great, and I love the fact there are some Portugese items too. The real treat is the combination of the food AND the many beverages they make (coffees, cocoa, juices, etc). Everything is very affordable and the hours are easy to deal with!Wow.  cozy, friendly, and delicious.  Brunch could not have been at a better place.
Espresso - awesome
Fruit juices - delicious
Heuvos - epic
Salsas - magnificent
Got some churros to go.  Perfect even cold.
Can't wait to go back!  A true gem.This is my new favorite restaurant. Seriously. Went for dinner without expectations, despite the amazing reviews here. It's in a totally middle-of-nowhere location, but it's right of 76. It's a tiny place, very unassuming. With a completely wacky menu. I guess it's Mexican, but nothing that's commonly served in an Americanized Mexican. And there are Japanese entrees too. And the most amazing hot chocolate ever. But I'll come back to that...
We went at 7 on a Saturday night and there was only one other couple there. There are small round tables for two, a homespun sort of feel in the "decor" with just-right lighting. A young woman behind the counter was super-nice and genuinely glad to see us. 
We ordered tacos with potatoes and nopales (cactus) - i know it sounds crazy - and a pork torta (hot sandwich). They came in plastic baskets. And the tacos were AMAZING! incredibly flavorful, just the right amount of heat. I could eat them every day and be happy. The torta was excellent too, but less interesting. It was large and loaded with pork, but not in that deli too-much-meat-in-a-sandwich way. The bread was deliciously crusty. 
The staff was absolutely charming. The cook came out and asked how the food was, not to be impressive like you get at upscale restaurants, but because she really wanted to know. She asked if it was the first time i'd had nopales (it was) and was obviously pleased at how much i liked them. It felt as though we were at a friend's house for dinner the first time and they really wanted us to like it.
We finished off with a cafe on chocolate - really hot chocolate. It was huge and absolutely delicious. As good as any I've had at the fancy chocolate shops. 
All of that for $21 and a very big tip.
I hesitate to share this find - but these people deserve to be outrageously  successful. So go! Next time I'm going to try the mole.
Oh, and they had Pandora playing a great mix. 
Really, other than replacing the plastic baskets I can't imagine what they could do better.I don't usually take the time to right a review, but this place is an exception so I must.  I honestly don't know why it took me so long to try this cafe, I've been passing by it for years.  A friend suggested I try it because they have vegan options, and I'm always looking for the next best vegan dish here in Philly.  Boy do I regret not going there sooner.  ABSOLUTELY THE BEST Mexican cafe in South Philly.  Not only does it have a great ambiance and wonderful and friendly staff, but the food is FANTASTIC!  Now, I can only speak for their vegan fare, but if they do vegan this well I can only imagine how great the rest of the menu is.  My go to menu item is the Tofu Torta; perfectly seasoned tofu on a crispy Portuguese roll with avocado, black beans, tomato and lettuce.  Their house-made salsas are to die for too!
Pick up a bottle of something tasty and make your way down to Cafe Y Chocolate, you won't regret it.Fabulous food!  We have been to Cafe y Chocolat 3x for brunch and 2x for dinner and it has been amazing every time!!!  Great huevos rancheros, enchiladas verde, fish tacos, Mexican coffee.    Never had a dish that wasn't fantastic.  Owner very friendly and he makes the experience wonderful.  Highly highly recommend!!!This place is remarkable! Its very authentic. Food straight from Puebla Mexico with class and style for us Philly Foodies. These folks did it right!  Not only quality but huge attention to detail.Delicious Mex and chocolate! The smoothies were excellent too-- thick, ice-cold, and oh so refreshing. Everything on the menu that we tried was spiced (or spicy) and flavorful. Excellent Portuguese bread side. Get it!So good ... I'm so fortunate to have this gem so close! From the deliciously fresh menu to the delightful juices, coffees, and blended drinks ... It's all wonderful! 
This place is very intimate and cozy, you may sit smack dab next to a complete stranger, but once your meal arrives you won't notice anyone or anything around you. It is THAT good. Service is always cheerful. 
I really ought to head over here more often!Delightful, cute place for breakfast/lunch. Very authentic Mexican flavors, which is always refreshing. Nice service. Had the mole enchiladas, migas, and churros con chocolate. All delicious. Will definitely return.Very friendly staff and delicious food.  Super chill.  I love to get the Vegetariano Omelette when I'm hungover.  Also a great place to get coffee.  Their chicken tacos are bomb too.Hands down the best roast pork & the best cheesesteak I've had in Philly or anywhere else bar none. If it was in a more centrally located area & a stand that only sold these 2 sandwiches they'd have lines around the block like other well known ones some of which are good but can't compare for $2-3 more... & they just happen to make the best hot chocolate as well.I loved the breakfast burrito, it was very filling and tasty especially with the salsa, not too spicy and flavorful.  The coffee is delicious and I'm not even a coffee drinker, lattes and specialty coffee beverages yes, but not  café con leche and theirs is amazing.I would say try their tinga empanada. Their empanada is an open empanada, though. Kind of like a fried taco, but bigger. It was very delicious. The tinga (shredded chicken) was very flavorful. I also ordered fish taco and it was good. The staff were very friendly, especially the guy (sorry I don't know the name), very welcoming and gave us 4 different sauces to try (they were all yummy too). As for the drink, I ordered agua de tamarindo (tamarind-flavored water with ice cubes), which was refreshing. Prices were I think very reasonable. I really like this place that I purchased another restaurant certificate and will come back soon. There was no wait for Saturday brunch, however we waited really long for the food to come out. I think this was due to the fact that there were 3 other tables ahead of us that were also still waiting for their food. I noticed that the other people that came after us did not wait as long as we did to get their food. So, overall, I like this place.Super impressed with the food and service.  You would never expect to find such a quaint, authentic and cosy atmosphere in this neighborhood.  The food was incredible. We tried the tilapia and chicken tacos and the flavor was popping.  I love the variety of sauces and the guacamole was chunky and perfect with tomatoes.  We are ordering from them for our Dia de los Muertos party this week since we were so impressed.It's so good. Nice little cozy place with just bomb food. The Mexican hot chocolate is amazing. The chilaquiles are delightful. Better than half the places in Mexico that i went to. My Mexican friends agree. The servers are super friendly too. That's all. Come here. You won't regret it.New menu includes vegan chicken and vegan beef. This place is amazing.  
Must have- Mexican hot chocolate. 
The tortilla soup was amazing as well. 
We had enchiladas with vegan beef and molletes 
Ask for the hot sauce for extra flavor. 
The mole sauce is a bit sweet for me, next time will get Verde sauce. 
One of the best hidden treasures in Philly.A nice small cafe located in a corner of a nondescript building. Variety of menu options and a friendly staff to make drinks. Prices are reasonable.Hidden gem? Yea I think so. It is definitely a place in the neighborhood that you walked by, drove by and not go in. But you should go in. The food and service is good here. That's all I have to say. Gotta stop going to those franchise and support your local businesses.I've been meaning to try this place for a long time, but I'm never conveniently at 20th and Snyder...mmm....I wonder why... 
Cafe Con Chocolate is not the type of place you'd expect to find in this part of town. It's something you'd find in NoLibs or Bella Vista perhaps. But I'm not complaining....in fact, I love that it's not. 
The place looks like any other coffee shop, cute and cozy. What sets them apart I think is their menu. It's a bit quirky, in a good way. Yes, the theme is weird, but you can't really dislike it if all the menu items are delicious. If a menu had foie gras, sushi, burgers, oysters, and pho, I would not mind at all. 
I ordered the tofu breakfast burrito, and regular coffee. I don't know what I was expecting, but this thing was huge.  I mean I still owned it...but it was pretty big. I usually instantly ask for hot sauce even before tasting, but after the first bite, I didn't even need it. Not that it was super spicy but it was flavorful with enough of a kick that made any additions unnecessary. 
I made one mistake in visiting this place though. I came on a Sunday, and now will have to wait until Thursday (when they open) to go back. What I should have done is try it on Thursday so I can return Fri, Sat, and Sun. Rookie mistake.WOW!  Went here for brunch today and was beyond impressed with the food (and drinks) we got!  First, my husband started off with a mango-guava-rasberry smoothie...delicious.  I had an iced hibiscus tea- SO GOOD!  We started off w/tortilla chips and pico de gallo, honestly blew any pico I've ever had way out of the water!  They somehow managed to pack 200% more flavor into it then I've ever experienced.  In fact, I didn't even mind the cilantro, which I normally hate.  For lunch I had the chilaquiles (no idea if I'm spelling this right) which turned out to be tortilla chips drenched in mole (you could choose the sauce) and smothered in cheese.  The mole blew my mind!! Other half had chorizo tacos which he said were delicious.  Both dishes came with rice and beans but it was not your average "eat them if I'm still hungry after my main entree" sides.  The rice had sweet kernels of corn and was perfectly seasoned and the beans were black beans, not your bland refried beans you normally expect.  All I can say is I will be back to explore more of there menu very soon!  This place is a mexican/japanese fusion so there is much more to taste!  Oh, and did I even mention that the service was EXCELLENT?  The staff was friendly, sincere, and unpretentious.  It was obvious that this place is strongly supported by it's local community; multiple customers were given hugs upon entry and the whole vibe was that of dining at a friend's house.  I've read reviews that said the food takes awhile....maybe we came at a good time but our food came out quickly and super fresh!! GO OUT OF YOUR WAY TO ENJOY THIS PLACE!! You will not regret it!I ordered the torta with Picadillo, and it was amazing! It's a pretty big sandwich so I shared with my friend. We also go churros and hot chocolate. Overall, a very satisfying meal. Would definitely come back to try out the rest of their menu!!Place is cozy and small. Large portions and fair prices. I had the blue huarache with steak and my Wife had the Tamal Azteca both were delicious. 
For dessert the cafe con chocolate and churros are a must. 
They let you BYOB, we didn't know but next time we will go preparedI loved my Tinga Flautas they are the best I ever had. As with many mexican restaurants it was served with black refried beans, I prefer refried kidney beans so a little disappointment there. Husband was a little put off by them not serving unsweetened iced tea. Seems as though there isn't a ice cube in the place. The water could have used some. So not a perfect experience but the meals sure were yummy.This gem of a restaurant is small and cozy but very accommodating to our party of 7. There is probably seating for about 35 inside. 
I ordered the cafe con chocolate (cold) and it was delicious. Sometimes the Mexican chocolate has overpowering cinnamon but not here. Not overly sweet either.
The Pico de Gallo and the tortillas tasted perfectly fresh and the balance of flavors was so good. Highly recommended! 
The huevos rancheros were flavorful but not what I've grown to expect from huevos rancheros. I'm used to crunchy fried tortilla base with eggs. Here, I got tortillas soaked in sauce with eggs. Not saying it was bad, just different but still delicious.
Caramel churros were very good, the caramel was like "dipping in hot chocolate".
The salsa diabla is hot and vinegary. I loved it but you should try a bit before committing. The Portuguese rolls are buttered and are essentially a thin version of Italian bread.Visited this quaint little cafe today for the first time because my sister was visiting. The neighborhood might seem a little scary at first glimpse, but let this cafés bright flower mural put you at ease. Once you step in, you're in a cozy, dimly lit restaurant where a nice waitress behind the counter will tell you to sit wherever you like. The menu is mostly in Spanish, but there's enough English there that you know what you're ordering. 
We started with a speedy Gonzalez shake and a hibiscus tea to drink. The shake was wonderful, great flavor, and very filling if you just wanted to treat it like a snack. My tea was perfect. Not too sweet, with a strong hibiscus flavoring. The empanada we shared as an appetizer was light and crispy, perfectly flavored chicken with vegetables and salsa on the side. Then came our meals. No time for pictures because it was just that delicious. She got a burrito that she swears is the best of her life, and I got a tamale that was smothered in wonderful chicken and peppers with a verde sauce. It was a lot of food, I couldn't even finish it, but it was so good. But of course, there's always room for dessert, so we got an order of churros. They came out hot with Mexican hot chocolate to dip them in, whipped cream, and fruit to top it off. These churros don't have the middles cut out, so they're nice and crisp on the outside, and fluffy and wonderful inside. I personally liked mine topped with whipped cream best, but there's no wrong way to eat these, and they are a must buy on every visit. 
Just make sure you have cash for this little diamond in the rough because they don't accept cards.Best little Mexican cafe in town! Lovely atmosphere! Huge cups of delicious hot chocolate and the chiliquilles was excellent, especially the mole sauce. I will be back!My friends and I went to Cafe con Chocolate for our Sunday brunch.  We went in a fairly large group with 7 people, but were seated right away.  Our server was an adorable and friendly young lady who was very familiar with the menu and explained all the dishes to us.  There was no tofu or Japanese food that day.  I ordered a cafe con chocolate, breakfast burrito, and homefries.  Food was delicious.  Cafe con chocolate was delicious, and HUGE.  Only complaint was how slow the food took to come to our table, and how long we had to wait for the check.  I figure that they are only busy on-and-off and can't afford to hire another server.  I would come here again!  They seemed happy to have us there to keep them in business.Didn't stay long but wonderful smoothie and great cookie! Definitely want to come back here for some Mexican food :)WOW!  How come I didn't know about this place sooner?!  Came here with my gf, sister and brother in law!  To start off....we had the biggest smiles on our face from when we sat down until we left....!  
The hostess/waitress is really nice and gladly seated us and explained the menu to us as there were so many things on there we had no idea what to order.  Everything looked so good!  We had nachitos,  tortas, and burrito.  My brother in law who grew up in L.A. eating Mexican food approved so that's good enough for me!  My tummy agreed.  Even their cafe con chocolate, and horchata were amazing (no powdered mix taste).  
Their portion are pretty generous and the prices are very reasonable.  
Please note the churros are not as good.  They were dry and did not compliment the quality, taste and freshness of the rest of our meal.  It tastes like warmed up frozen churros.  None of us enjoyed it and for that I would have to give this place 4 stars.  How can you have a yummy Mexican place with yucky churros?! :T  
We will most certainly be back and keep craving to find a time to come back!I love this place! The food is amazing (especially the mole), and it has a good atmosphere. I went here for dinner with 13 people and even though the space is small they made it work and everyone really loved it.I hesitate to write this review because one of my favorite things about Cafe Con Chocolate is that there's rarely a wait. So... don't go here. Don't have the amazingly delicious hot cafe con chocolate in the winter or the perfectly refreshing iced mexican mocha in the summer. Don't get the huevos rancheros that are served in a way like you've never had them before, and definitely stay away from the huevos revueltos migas 'cause it's just like the most amazing breakfast nachos you'll ever have. And is there a worse way to end your meal than by getting fresh churros with a chocolate dipping sauce? Probably not, so just don't even bother.A wonderful surprise!
We went there thinking that there would be great, authentic Mexican food with a few vegetarian options.  There were tons and tons of vegetarian items, and I think most were vegan, too.  We ordered just about half of the menu (not really, but we ordered a lot of food) and it was all so good!  Vegan mole enchiladas?  It is very rare to find a mole vegetarian dish, it was perfect.  The empanada was different then any that I have had before, it was served open rather than in a closed, dumpling style- similar to an almost closed, very thick shelled taco kind of thing.  I guess they are made that was because there are about 8 different options for stuffing and this keeps them fresh?  I don't know but it was great.  All of the tortillas are house made and are super fresh, doughy,  and yummy.  I would go back there again soon and eat the other half of the menu that we missed.  I was able to BYO beer and felt comfortable about that and, though it is in a bit of a random location, I ran into two good friends while eating there.  What a bonus! Our waitress was very sweet and helpful, too.The BEST authentic Mexican (Oaxacan) food in Philadelphia. This place is one of my favorites! It's quaint and very consistent. I'm a fan of the tortilla soup, torta , guacamole, enchiladas verde (with tinga), fish tacos, tamales, fresh baked cookies, cafe con chocolate, and churros. The service is personal, very friendly, and the food timely. I would come here for strong WiFi, but it's a good place to journal, read, or just chill out (during the weekdays). I come to south Philly just to eat here! Also, they take cards now! (Cash tip only)Very delicious little place! The food is delicious and inexpensive (my boyfriend and I both ate for $30). The Cafe con Chocolate is to DIE for. The decor is adorable! The staff is very nice. I don't know why people were saying that the service was slow... it was very quick and efficient! I am definitely recommending this place to everyone, and will be back soon!I just love it here. Small. Cute. Quaint. Veg friendly. Delicious coffees. Off the beaten path. Very easy to miss except for the beautiful floral mural painted on the outside. 
We came here for the first time on a lovely summer Saturday morning for a day date and sat at the one little table outside. We ordered a fresh squeezed duo juice which was beautiful. Hubs got a chocolatey, sugary coffee (cafe chocolate) he loved and I finished our meal with a perfectly strong espresso in a fab blue and white printed cup and saucer. I ordered the tofu scramble and dare I say it gave Sabrina's a run for their money. Served with black beans and oh so incredibly delish!. My husband got the huevos rancheros and liked his a lot too. 
The second time we returned we came with the kiddos and splurged, ordering a ton of goodies. The littles got fruit smoothies which they downed in seconds. Hubs got a meat burrito he loved and I stuck with my tofu scramble because it was such a winner. The kiddos split a veggie breakfast burrito and we all got chips and guac. This time I tried one of their incredible Mexican coffees! I was so happy they had soy as a non dairy milk option. Indulge in one! You won't be disappointed! I just love how veg friendly they are here!
The place is tiny and from what I understand is now cash only. Perfect little brunch spot. Never had to wait. Super random location. 
Nothing but a positive experience all around, every time. Service was pretty quick and nothing to complain about. We will have to come back for dinner or lunch,  but brunch has always been great. 
Fab way to start the day! Lively, colorful, filling and caffeine enhanced! Go!Yet another place that has rave reviews that doesn't add up. I'm not understanding people's taste in food. I've gone 3 times now and my husband is MEXICAN and he wouldn't even finish his food. Want to support local places but come on. Coffee was good thoAwesome food. I like the quesadillas and the Tacos Caseros. The people are nice. They brought a cake out for my wife and sung her happy birthday.Hands down the best Mexican brunch spot in Philadelphia! You can find a little bit of everything no matter your diet. The menu is quite extensive as well as the drink menu! Our waitress was so sweet and honest, the service was faster than expected based on other reviews, and the food definitely hit the spot! I would come here every week if I lived closer. I hope they open at another location!best thing to come to west passyunk. i had heard from multiple people how great this place was and luckily it was i. walking distance from my house, they even set up a cute table outside so we could bring our dogs. BEST mexican food in the city! best staff, best coffee. great vegan and vegetarian options. highly recommend the tofu scramble burrito and the potatoes. with a cup of coffee. the staff is super sweet so tip them well!Ordered the Portuguese roll (Torta) with seasoned ground beef and a Chocolate Oaxaca. Delicious. Service was wonderful as well. Attentive but not intrusive. Here for lunch but after 1:30. Not crowded.This is my favorite Mexican spot in Philadelphia... especially for brunch! The food is amazing, the signature "cafe y chocolate" is rich & delicious, and the owners are so friendly & tell great stories!  It feels like a little piece of home when I'm here.Cafe y Chocolate was a beautiful dining experience. The small brunch spot felt warm, welcoming, and authentic, with lovely decorations and simple, slightly dim lighting. I thoroughly enjoyed the Oaxacan hot chocolate (if you go, you must get it!) but it was served in a large mug, so it wasn't piping hot like I usually like. The rich taste compensates for this, though. My friend and I ordered the Enchiladas de Mole Poblano (it's listed as a dinner item but we ordered it at 11 am...why not!) and it was AMAZING. The mole sauce was perfectly sweet and spicy. We also ordered the molletes, which we didn't enjoy as much--we ordered it on a Portuguese roll, and it felt too bread-y. Overall, it was an extremely satisfying brunch experience. Can't wait to come again!Wildly decadent! I tried the Chorizo flautas listed as a special on the back of the menu, served with Mexican rice and beans. Delicious! The only thing that made the dish better was the house made hot sauces drizzled atop the crunchy tortillas. In addition, my husband had hands down the best tamale we've had in our lives. The salsa verde has the perfect complexity and level of spice.
Our new favorite place.If you have allergies, for I tomatoes, its not the best place. The past three times I've went or ordered out they've put tomatoes and although it does get resolved, i find it lacking that I have to reorder every single time.I've been here several times for brunch or dinner and everything on the menu was delicious. The staff is friendly and accommodating despite the limited tables. Truly an asset to the neighborhood.I love this place.  We've been here twice for dinner. We have tried the tacos, nachos, empanadas, flautas, enchiladas, and tamale.  Everything is so good.  The service can be a little slow at times but I think it's worth the wait.  The coffee is also very good!my friend and i tried to go to the Penrose Diner for breakfast this sunday, but it was packed and we were too hungry to wait.  a quick Yelp search on the iPhone reminded me that we had been wanting to try Cafe Con Chocolate, so we headed over to 21st and Snyder.  i am so glad that Penrose was crowded!
it is a tiny little cafe, but we sat at one of the small round brass tables and cooed over the menu.  plantains!  huevos rancheros!  migas!  i haven't seen migas on a menu outside of california, so that is what i ordered, and i received a huge plate of fresh tortilla chips, covered in eggs scrambled with peppers and ham and cheese.  my friend had the breakfast burrito, which was excellent, and the side of plantains was perfect- crispy and not greasy at all, which is often a problem with plantains.  
i see some complaints here about the service, but i thought they were great.  there are only about five tables, and the one server (who i believe is the owner) was sweet and friendly.  while we were waiting for our food, a group of six pre teen girls came in, and while they only ordered coffee and hot chocolate, the server treated them like they were valued customers.  our food was ready within a few minutes, and a mistake (we weren't given the plaintains we ordered) was corrected quickly.  
can't wait to go back.  i have friends who recently moved to philadelphia from la, and am looking forward to showing them we have good mexican food here, too.Probably the best Mexican food in Philadelphia. They changed their menu since the last time I was there, but oddly the food was even better. The new menu is more condensed and seemed more refined. 
Started off with the guacamole which is sinfully perfect. Homemade chips, fried to order with guacamole is a match made in heaven. Also ordered the small plate of nachos (for all you spicy food lovers: pro-tip get a side of chipotle sauce and diablo sauce and thank me later)
For dinner I had the molettes with chorizo. AMAZING. Perfectly cooked chorizo on top of a Portuguese roll topped with beans cheese fresh salsa and onions? Hell yeah. The chorizo is perfectly spiced with a crispy casing and dripping in juices. Get it
My friend got the pollo en mole which was mind blowing. Their mole sauce is probably the greatest mole sauce in Philadelphia. You can actually taste the chocolate, perfectly complemented by their blend of spices, with tender fall off the bone chicken. My god.
And don't forget the tres leche cake and churro served with an expresso chocolate sauce.  The perfect ending to a perfect Mexican dinner.
if you don't go just because of the location, you are missing out on life.The best fish tocos this side of San Fran. Amazing home made hot sauces. And you must try the Tamales. My current favorite Mexican restaurant.This used to be my favorite restaurant in Philly, where we would specially make a trip on the bus down to South Philly from center city for brunch once or twice a month. 
Since the ownership/management change in spring '12 the food is not nearly as good. The original owner/chef, Yoshi, doesn't seem to be working on a day-to-day basis anymore and the new chef can't seem to replicate her recipes.  My wife noted that even the Cafe Con Chocolate didn't have the same spicy flavor as it did before.  The pico de gallo that used to be Legendarily Good is no longer special at all. 
Overall, the service has improved (it's like a real restaurant now rather than a laid-back cafe), but the food is no longer worth the trip
. This spot should have to start a new Yelp ranking page because it is significantl diferent under new management and with new chefs cooking the food.Cafe con Chocolate might be my favorite restaurant in Philly.  I haven't tried any of the Japanese offerings, but the Mexican is out of this world.  I lived in the culinary capital of Mexico for a long time, and their food rivals the best of what I ate while actually living in Mexico.  While the chef makes lots of classics, she definitely gives things a modern touch and pretty presentation.  The mole and salsa verde are divine, and most things can be made vegetarian or vegan.  The Chilaquiles are probably my favorite, but then again, they always have been.  If you are thirsty, they hand make both the tamarind water (sweetened pulverized tamarind pulp) and Jamaica (sweet hibiscus with the actual flowers). Sooooooo delicious.
As for the service, I've only gotten very good, friendly service.  The location could be better, but doesn't detract from the experience.  Prices are also very fair.
I can't wait to go try their green mole, which I'm hoping is pipian verde (pumpkin seed mole)!Such a great place for an amazing brunch at an affordable price. Dont let the surrounding area fool you. Street parking is pretty easy to find. Its a cash only place! I had the best breakfast burrito from here. Service is very friendly and warm. Also tried their iced coconut latte which was very smooth and super delicious. This place is now my go to place for Mexican breakfast.We had a staff development nearby and while everyone else went to McDonalds and a shopping outlet, three colleagues and I came here. Cash Only is always a predicament, but we still ate like kings. The guacamole was homemade, so that's always a plus for me, and everyone enjoyed their lattes and coffees. I am mostly GF and was very happy they had several options for my diet. This is a place I would definitely come back to while in the area.Awesome food. We had a Groupon so I was able to try quite a few of their dishes. The mole sauce and the verde sauce were both delicious. I wish that they had some more vegan options - I'm a vegetarian who tries to eat vegan often and can't tolerate too much lactose. I'd definitely recommend the food to all of my veggie and non-veggie friends.The menu is so good, I had trouble picking just one entree to order! The mole was delicious.Wow, so glad to have checked this place out.  Went for brunch this morning and was blown away by the Tamale Azteca - really good salsa verde and the chicken was incredibly moist and tender.  My friend said her omelet was really good and she even took home the left-over pico de gallo she ordered with it (how many places can say that people have their salsa wrapped to go?). The cafe con leche was excellent, too, and the service was really friendly and attentive.  
I'll definitely be going back, next time to try the drinking chocolate!Have only gotten takeout from here, but have never been disappointed. The chicken tinga tostadas are my favorite- definitely get the different salsas to go with it.  Not only is the food yummy but it is so cheap! Just remember to bring cash.Cool Mexican brunch spot. Nothing to brag about. Cute and small with comfort breakfast foods.Amazing food! Fantastic coffee. Great service. Cute interiors. The only reason that i didn't give 5 stars is because it is cash only.I think this is probably the most unassuming restaurant I've been to in Philly and I've been to my fair share. The service is great, a little slow but for such a small operation that's understandable. The server I always see working (I don't know her name) is super cute and friendly. I also just love the decor, there are two paintings here that I fawn all over every time I visit.
I have only tried the Mexican food, not the Japanese but what I have tried has always been great.  This is the only place I've ever tried molletes but wow! They are delicious! I'm obsessed with these, I always get them topped with a fried egg, an order is 2 large pieces of French bread, I can only ever finish 1 so I always have lunch the next day. I can't compare their molletes to any other restaurant but I have attempted to make them at home a few times and they weren't even close to being as good so CCC is definitely doing something magical!Love this place. It is hard to find something on the menu that you would not like. Wide selection and variety. I go out of my way to eat here on a regular basis.This cozy little gem is good for breakfast, lunch and dinner and of course, oaxacan hot chocolate.
My boyfriend arrived in town, so I looked up a couple of well-reviewed breakfast places, and I thought this one would be the best for us. We stepped inside and immediately felt warm and cozy. This place doesn't have too many tables and there was a large group, but the server sat us right away. The menu has tons of options--including vegetarian and vegan, which was great for my boyfriend. He ordered the huevos rancheros and a cup of coffee while I ordered the huevos motuleños especial and the chocolate oaxaca. The chocolate oaxaca (hot chocolate with cinnamon) was rich and delicious, although I would have preferred it a little less sweet. The huevos motuleños were very tasty and the poblano rajas were a nice touch. The service may be a little slow if there's a large crowd, but you won't be waiting too long and the prices are really good.
The servers were a little lax here and there with attentiveness, but they were doing like 5 different things each and were very nice, cheerful and helpful--it happens sometimes in small restaurants and it all turned out perfectly fine.
Cafe Con Chocolate also sells baked goods near the entrance, which I was too full to try. I definitely want to come back and have the churros, which come with chocolate dip, and the plantains with cream.
Give this place a try! It's a must if you're in Philly.The service was good and the waitstaff attentive and laid-back.  I got the huevos rancheros and the mushroom empanada.  They were both excellent.  The salsa verde tasted homemade and the mushrooms in the empanada were well seasoned and a good consistency. The empanada was not what I expected.  I am used to the closed patty type.  However, it was pleasantly larger and delicious.  My husband ordered the chorizo empanada and the plaintains with cream cheese.  He slurped both of them down to nothing so I imagine it was quite tasty.  The only reason for giving it 4 rather than 5 stars was that our food did not come out at the same time.  I received my entree way before my husband and his plaintains came out when we were ready to go.  But they were well worth the wait!  I would definitely recommend this place and will certainly go there again.I have gone to Cafe con Chocolate many times and always loved their food but this was my first time back since the new owners took over in May 2012. We ordered the vegetarian flautas to go and they were SO good! I'm ready to go back again!Great cozy little place the food is fabulous worth the drive.  The music is just at the right volumeThis place is insane. A small quaint spot. Everything we tried was incredible. The coffee drinks & smoothies are delicious and freshly made. We tried fish tacos & the carnitas torta which were the best I've ever had. Strongly recommend!Después de encontrar este lugar en yelp , estaba muy ansiosa por probar , me imaginaba que seria un típico desayuno gringo ,pero no ;para mi alegría el sabor 
100% Mexicano !!!!
El café le gusto mucho a mi esposo y el capuchino ("café oaxaca") a mi me enamoro !! Hecho con productos mexicanos y sin exagerar del sabor dulce ,
SIMPLEMENTE DELICIOSO 
Como desayuno : chilaquiles Verdes  para mi y Rojos para mi esposo .
Yo termine muy llena y satisfecha .
La mesera fue cortez  desde nuestra entrada y a pesar de que comenzaron a llegar mas mesas estaba muy eficiente (pero una ayudadita creo que no le haría mal ) 
Definitivamente ansio regresar y probar algo mas .!!!Came on a Sunday. We were the only people in there. Waitress came and we placed our orders. Steak Burritos, Fish Taco, and Chicken Enchiladas.... Everything including drinks and churros were delicious! I would definitely recommend this place. Its small and reminds you of a small town Mexican café. Excellent home cooked food style.I was really excited to try Cafe Con Chocolate. When I had first heard about them they were closed and I went as soon as I read they had reopened.
I had chicken flautas. They were a little on the bland side but okay. I also tried the enchiladas with mole sauce. I had never had mole before so I wasn`t sure what to compare it to, but it was good. The portions are generous and everything was priced well. But, sigh,
I love flan. So much. I was super excited to have a good piece of it but unfortunately they were out. So, alright. An order of churros it is. Fried pieces of dough rolled in brown sugar, regular sugar, and cinnamon, maybe even topped with some whipped cream? Por favor. The place was empty besides two other people, who were already eating as my guest and I ordered dessert, so it shouldn`t have taken too long. Almost 20 minutes later they`re brought to us. And I`m sorry, but they were straight up gross. Minimal sugar, no brown sugar or cinnamon, and had a weird bitter taste from the grease they were fried in.
An overall alright experience. Would like to come back, but until then, you can find me kickin` it at El Jaracho for my Mexican food and flan kicks.If I could give this more stars I would. Ordered chicken tacos and it was mind blowingly goodPossibly my new favorite brunch spot in all of Philadelphia (don't worry Green Eggs, Honey's and Wedge + Fig, I still love you).  Well worth the trek for those living in Center City.  It was so good, that after noticing a row home for sale across the street, my husband made us look at it so that "Babe, we could eat here every day."
Highly recommend the huevos rancheros or breakfast burrito washed down by the Chocolate Oaxaca or the fresh squeezed juice.
Mmm!  Mmm!  Mmm!Loved the food here, pretty authentic and tasty. Try out the fresh glocamole and warm chips. Kind of pretty small place with authenticity.a gem! loved the café con chocolate as well as the chilaquiles when i went there for a sunday brunch. mad friendly staff and comfortable vibesThe food was delish and the presentation was nice but the service just want there. I definitely recommend ordering your food to go bc it will save you a lot time. Best breakfast item was the huevos rancheros. A lot of food for a great price.Such a great restaurant! We had amazing service. Food came promptly. It's was delicious. I am a huge fan of this place! I come from the west coast and good Mexican food is hard to find in Philly!!! But this is truly a gem!! I can't wait to go back and try more!! 
Today I had Tamal Azteca. My boyfriend had steak tacos. And we got churros to go!  
I'm just trying to figure out when we can go back lolThis little hole-in-the-wall Mexican brunch place is such a cute little place that has the flavor and quality of a restaurant much larger. I ordered the chilaquiles which were phenomenal, as well as the Cholocate Oaxaca. Both of these things were insanely delicious, and the cup of Oaxaca was insanely large.I am not a mexican food person, but this place is by far one of the best places I've eaten at. The prices are great, the coffee is pretty god as well. If you don't know what to to order the cheese steak mexicana is to die for! (Might even be better than a philly cheesesteak) but service is awesome.
Very small place on the corner, awesome artwork on the front. It's not a good place to take a big group, but it's an awesome place to do brunch on a sunday.
Definitely check it out!This place is such an absolute sweet find around my neighborhood! Delicious hot choco/lattes, mouthwatering Mexican food, and friendly staff in such a cozy, quiet ambience. However, the wait time to receive your order may take around 25-40 mins. Not even the nachos appetizer came in early. Food was good but it's really slow getting your order in that a couple of times, my family was thisclose to just storming out and getting Chinese fast food. They need to hire more cooks on the weekend.Delicious authentic food and superb service. Me and my boyfriend absolutely love coming here. The horchata is my favorite! Definitely a hidden gem in south Philly!This is now my favorite coffee, sorry Starbucks!
I'm always craving the Molletes and Chancla with steak. I come here with friends at least once a week. Owner and servers are always friendly.Wow!!! Wow!!!  That needed repeating!
The mole sauce is off the hook!! Not too much chocolate and the right amount of spicy. Can't wait to go back!Drinks: 4.5
Decor: 4
Ambiance: 5
Service: 4.5
Value: 3.5
We came for coffee and a snack, as that is what this place seems to be best known for. For that, they are a bit pricey. For a fully meal, their prices more or less seem on par with other Mexican restaurants in the city. But this place is cozy, and what they do, they do well.Thoroughly enjoyed it as did my fellow diners. A funky location, a hole in the wall that oozes character. The seating is snug. We went to breakfast on Sunday morning, we had to wait about 10 minutes to be seated, It was worth it. The service was warm and friendly albeit a little slow. Good coffee.  Nice vibe all around.  We all enjoyed our generously proportioned dishes. Lot of flavor. Great chocolate chip cookies, churros just ok. Thumbs up for the cuevos con chorizo torta, Great bread,  my veggie burrito with tofu was outstanding, the chipotle sauce was delicious. Cuevos Mexicana met my wife's approval and believe me that's not easy. Check this place out, it's worth the tripThis place is awesome. We had some time to kill so we stopped in for a coffee. The cafe con chocolate is worth a five star review on its own. I can't wait to try some food next time.Awesome food, attentive staff, and appreciative owner -AAAFantastic ambience and service. The food arrived quickly and was exactly as described in the menu. Altogether a delicious adventure and authentic Mexican cuisine.The food was wonderful!! Itzy was totally friendly and helpful!!! Please make it a point to visit!! Yummy!! : DThis is our new favorite spot!
I'm ALWAYS in the mood for Mexican, while my wife is always in the mood for Chocolate. Someone decided to answer our prayers with Cafe Y Chocolate.
The nachitos, and the "veggie" chicken burrito were both amazing. I wasn't crazy about the fish tacos, but can't wait to try their other taco options.
We also got some kind of chocolate espresso coffee drink that was delicious - not too sweet, just perfect. 
Great prices, cash only.Really great coffee and chocolate and really great Brunch food featuring all kinds of Mexican and Central American dishes. 
If you're looking for a more traditional "fine dining" experience try the owner's dinner spot across the street, La Mula Terca. It's the best "Mexican Latin" (heavily South America and Central America influenced) food I've had in a very long time!Love this family-run restaurant!  The charming duo of mother and daughter is chef and waitstaff.  I ordered the tamal azteca and chocolate oaxaca, and the portions are huge!  The tamal was delicious-- the salsa was amazing.  I'm normally not a fan of rice and beans, but these were delicious.Cafe Con Chocolate is one of, if not THE, best Mexican restaurant I have ever had! We went here with some friends of ours the other day and it was delicious. My wife and I both ordered the burritos, and they were perfect; good prices too! Our waiter was such a nice guy, I would go back just because he was so friendly! This place is small, and is not clearly marked; but it is such a wonderful hole in the wall restaurant. Definitely go check it out, you will not be disappointed!Has got to be the cutest little place to go. With only about 8 tables at maximum. It is small sociable..and the food is so good and fresh! Make sure to save room for dessert. You wont regret it!One of the absolute hidden gems of South Philly. They would be worth a visit just for their beverages alone. The fresh squeezed fruit juices (at great prices), their namesake served in a gorgeous giant mug, even their iced teas are all amazing. When you add in the food, service and atmosphere it's a near perfect experience. If there was one small criticism I've had on certain trips it's that with how small the interior is, a table of loud customers can easily bleed into your conversation and peace of mind. However the intimate space is part of the charm so it's a small price to pay. And the exceptionally warm and helpful service easily helps you forget about any noise pollution. In terms of the food I only have positive things to say. Every trip I've found a new favorite dish. Right now it's the tofu torta but all of their breakfast options are so good they are hard to pass up as well. And their homemade hot sauces are perfection. If you live in the Philly area, love Mexican cuisine and have never been to Cafe Con Chocolate, make plans to go immediately. You'll be back again soon after.AMAZING! This is a great little restaurant. Authentic Mexican Food that anyone can enjoy. My husband is from Mexico and this is by far the best he has ever had in all the state we have lived in. Just try the amazing enchiladas with Mole sauce.
The atmosphere is charming and relaxing. Prices are so reasonable considering the food tastes like it can from your own mothers kitchen. It is a little gem in this neighborhood and we can't afford to lose something so good. It brightens up the whole neighborhood. And we need more places with good food  and friendly people. 
Please stop on it and try it, you wont regret it unless you miss the chance to go.I stumbled upon this gem while precinct-walking for Obama in South Philly.  I was instantly impressed by the friendly owner, cozy atmosphere, and impressive coffee menu.  What a beautiful, warm and unpretentious neighborhood cafe!   Not to mention that they also serve the best empanada I've had since I left California.  I will definitely be visiting again!AMAZING little place!!!! I HIGHLY recommend the Cafe con Chocolate!!Came here to satisfy a sweet tooth I had that night and was not disappointed. I ordered an Iced Mexican Mocha which was nice and balanced. For me it wasn't to sweet and just right. I also ordered the churros which again I felt was also nicely balanced and not over bearing in sweetness. The chocolate dipping sauce with the churros was piping hot and just right as long as you don't drown the churro in the sauce.SOOOO good. Had to get a refill of their Mexican Hot Chocolate. Seriously so good. I also had a torta on Portuguese roll that was also muy bueno.The most entertaining and delicious brunch I've ever had.
Came in at around 11 on a Saturday and we were the only people in there, which allowed us to chat with Doug and Yoshi.  Doug is a chatty, swearing Irishman, and an equal opportunity offender who made fun of bottom-of-the-barrel Irish, and knocked on Yoshi the half-Japanese, half-Mexican cook who dished it right back. If you are easily offended, you probably would not appreciate Doug, but I had the one of most entertaining brunch's I've ever had.  He told us stories about growing up in Ireland, getting wasted in his early days, and getting stabbed in Fishtown.  
The food was fantastic.  To start we had tortilla chips and this homemade chipotle sauce that was just TO DIE for.  I globbed it up and shoveled it into my mouth until I had tears in my eyes and my stomach burned in pain, but I couldn't stop.  I got the scrambled eggs, chorizo with a side of black beans.  DELICIOUS.  The chorizo was big, plump flavorful pieces of goodness.  The service was also fantastic.  Between stories, Doug kept our water glasses filled and the La Colombe coffee flowing.
I can't wait to go back here to stuff my face and to chat it up with Doug and Yoshi again.  This place is definitely worth the schlep to.came here after hiking a couple miles at wissahickon. so you know we're a hungry duo! seated right away around 1pm. it got pretty busy after we came in. all tables then became occupied. there was only ONE WAITRESS, felt so bad for her!! she was running around like a mad woman, but kept her cool. the tamarind juice tasted more like cranberry juice (wtf)....the bf got his order of cafe con chocolate after getting our meals, only negative about this experience. i ordered the huevos rancheros....the salsa was banging!! if your filipino it'll remind you of sinigang...i know weird, i guess they use tamarind in their salsa. boy did i devour it. the bf got chicken "tinga" tacos. he loved it. cute small place for brunch. wish they could have more help to the wait staff. i'd def have to come back and check out the rest of the menu.My group and I thoroughly enjoyed our dishes. Sonia loved the Molletes, which was crunchy and the best she had ever eaten, outside of Mexico City. The shared Pico de Gallo with chips was super fresh with just the right chile. My picky 12 year old loved the hot chocolate and the pork tacos. My chilaquieles with chicken and mole was spicy and flavorful. The huevos rancheros were perfectly prepared. Save room for the churos and tres leches cake.Best Mexican food I have had in Philly. Yoshi, the owner/chef was a pleasure to talk with, and made the best Veggie Flautas and Churros I have ever had.
In the Flautas, the tortilla was crunchy-perfect, and the veggies were well spiced and cooked to order. The Churros were oh so much better than any place I have ever eaten before.
I will definitely be returning to this cafe. The ease of parking was also a bonus.off the beaten brunch path, better than any of the places that your average weekly paper would send you to. the wait is slightly longer than one might like, but god it's worth it. if it's there, order the blue corn granizo as an amuse bouche after your meal. it's the only vegan desert i've ever had and not actually pined for an animal product afterwards. 
the staff is awesome, the art on the walls is better than what's at your house. give them all your money.Words do not do justice on how wonderful this little corner restaurant is. The atmosphere is warm, welcoming with vibrate colors and music is delightful!  After every workout, I come here for the best well balanced veggie omelette I ever! The coffee is outstanding and fresh every time.  Great vibes, food, coffee and people! It's always. Pleasure!I'm usually not a "mocha" kind of guy, but I figured I'd try their namesake and order a Cafe Con Chocolate... wow! Nothing short of amazing... creamy, with great coffee flavors, and the Mexican chocolate just sends it over the top... cinnamon, spice... it was the high point of my day, seriously!
I also ordered Molettes, split Portugeuese rolls topped with refried black beans and melted Chihuahua cheese... fantastic... I can't wait to go back, although I wish they opened earlier in the morning. 
Try this place out, you will NOT be disappointed!My favorite spot for brunch and doing work. It gets a little busy at lunch time but for the most part, it's so cosy and quaint. I love the authentic Mexican food and the coffee is great. They also have soy milk which is a definite plus. I think the menu is extensive but not too much where I get lost. Awesome place to eat and relax!We were thrilled when I called and found out that they were open on New Year's day. So we drove down with a party of five adults and two toddlers.
The menu was surprisingly large for such a small cafe, and most items were delicious.
Overall, worth a drive out of center city. The food did take a little longer than it should have to come out though.
DRINK
cafe con chocolate - Mexican mocha, with cinnamon. Came in a nice big cup
chocolate oaxaca - sans the coffee, also refreshing.
conga tropical - probably give this a miss - it's just boxed juices mixed together
FOOD
pollo azado burrito - hmm pretty decent but I'd try a different meat in the future
fish tacos - fish was very fresh. went great with the salsas.
huevos rancheros - tasty tasty. try this.
huevos revueltos con chorizo - tasty tasty. try this.
DESSERT
churros de cajeta - the caramel wasn't too sweet, surprisingly. worth a try.I cant get enough Cafe Con Chocolate! Its my place to go unwind, chill with friends and set my taste buds loose. The pico is fresh made to order every time, the mole is addictive and mysterious as it should be. Tamale cassarole is mexican soul food for a chilly autumn night.
Aveno con Fruitas, the best breakfast smoothie you will ever have, fresh fruit and oatmeal form a deliciously filling liquid breakfast. Dont forget the namesake Cafe Con Chocolate rich mexican hot chocolate with a hint of cinnamon whipped and married with espresso.This place was amazing. All the food was delicious and the cafe con leche was the perfect after breakfast drink.Possibly the best brunch I've ever had, easily one of the best Mexican joints I've ever been too. 
Portions are huge, food is clearly all fresh and made from scratch, and apparently nothing in this restaurant tastes average. Loved the roast pork torta (gigantic, juicy, flavorful) and chorizo/egg breakfast burrito (gargantuan, oozing with happiness). Drinks were great too (mango smoothie, iced chocolate/espresso/honey blend).
Service was so nice and laid back. If you're looking for a quick place to have brunch, this definitely isn't it (and I mean that in the best way possible). Come with good company and enjoy a lazy Sunday brunch in a chill atmosphere with fantastic food (all very reasonably priced to boot).
Will be back ASAP!A year after coming here for the first time, this is still my favorite brunch place in the city.
I'm obviously masochistic, since I insist on yelping and telling everyone about how amazing their food is: which I've noticed has helped pack this place on the weekends....but I'll wait all day! 
At this point I've tried most the vegetarian mexican entrees on the menu.  Their mole sauce still rocks my world!!
I've also tried a few of the japanese entrees which are good as well (but I love the mole so much I almost always get something with that on top).
Also, try the tamarind drink if you're feeling adventurous, it's really good.
Love the food, love the vibe, love this place!Great food, fair prices, loved the uno cards, and the tortilla soup is delicious! Went with my brother and children and brother, will return!When I walked in, there were two older women, who either were still intoxicated from the evening before, woke up early enough to be borderline belligerently drunk by 10 am, or some combination thereof. Given the location, I was hardly surprised. So I grabbed a seat at the rear, and took a look at the menu. Tap water sans ice was immediately brought over, but there was no coffee order taken. Considering there were two employees working front of house and (including my table and the previously mentioned) a total of four customers, I was hoping to receive some coffee quickly. This is one of the first things ALL breakfast/brunch places should consider top priority. When people are awake on the weekend, they like to be caffeinated. I understand this is not universal, but for the brunch crowd it is pretty standard. So the waitress proceeds to not come over for about ten more minutes, while I scour the menu. All the while, listening to a strange smooth jazz play list of contemporary covers, and watching a computer monitor slideshow of said waitress on a trip somewhere. Two more people showed up, and I was worried all was lost. Would coffee even be an option now that there were six customers?
Well the coffee did come, however the order was taken with the food order. One Cafe con Chocolate (coffee with chocolate) and one black coffee, which took the same amount of time to get to us as the food. A huge issue for me. On a rainy day (or any day) when I am at brunch, I want to be sipping my beverage while waiting for my food. I would understand if they were backed up at the barista counter, but they were not. It was a huge disappointment. 
So the food came, along with the coffee, which was now too hot to drink until after I finished my torta. Oh yea, I ordered the chorizo and egg torta. It came on a crusty loaf of bread, and was HUGE. The ingredients were all tasty and included, sour cream and beans on one side of the bread, with chipotle mustard dip on the other. Packed in between was queso fresco, mozzarella cheese, tomato, lettuce, onion, and avocado, along with the aforementioned chorizo and eggs. The eggs were moist and not over cooked, and the flavors were all there. I wish the chorizo had more bite/spice, as it was quite mild. Overall, this was a pretty great breakfast torta. It was hardly authentic, but it was good, and at $8, a generous portion. 
My dining mate decided to be a bit more ambitious, and tried the huevos ahogados. It consisted of two eggs poached in salsa verde, with a side of refried beans, and chorizo was added to the order. On paper it sounded like it had potential (although I was skeptical), however in reality, it turned out to be a big flop. The dish lacked any kind of contrast of textures. It was basically a big bowl of warm salsa, with two poached eggs, some mashed beans, and chorizo. Everything in it was soft or chewy. It would have been a completely different story if there were some tortillas, or more reasonably, some chips served on the side. Or, perhaps even a spoon! Alas, there were none of the above, and the waitress then disappeared for about fifteen more minutes, and there was no longer any point. The flavor  was there in this dish, but the execution  was completely off point. There was no way to eat it, and the fork was very little help. It was a bowl of mush.
I like the idea of Snyder Ave. getting some love and offering something interesting besides the sadness that occupies most of the avenue west of Broad, but unfortunately, Cafe con Chocolate needs some work. I will try them again, but I will certainly have my coffee BEFORE I get there.What an enjoyable brunch. My husband and family are from Mexico and they thought the food was very traditional. We had the nachos with steak: molletes (retried beans on toast with melted cheese) and various egg dishes. They were all fabulous. Come early since it is a small restaurant.lots of parking and the service was greatExcellent Mexican place tucked away in South Philly. Great for brunch or dinner.
BYOB so bring some champagne or tequila. Otherwise get some cafe con chocolate (chocolate flavored coffee).
Brunch highlights:
- Molletes !!!!!
- Chilaquiles
- Huevos Motulenos Especiales
- Torta con Huevos y Chorizo
The service is a bit slow, but mostly because the waitresses are also the baristas making your awesome coffee.Pretty good stuff.
Pluses: Went for brunch, it was a beautiful day, and the restaurant is a nice little place with a pretty charming design. The people working there are really nice. Had two brunch dishes between us. The eggs and chorizo was decently good. The scrambled eggs with serrano peppers and tortilla chips was spectacularly good. I thought the serrano peppers were in perfect proportion, the dish had a nice amount of heat, and the tortilla chips were a perfect combination of crunchy and just a little mushed to blend with the rest of the dish. The coffee was good too.
Minuses: I guess the egg and chorizo dish could be better. Also waited quite a while for some of the service. The portions were borderline big enough, not small, but not huge either.Great service, Great place for food, and entertainment :-)
I was here for brunch to see a friend perform and delighted my tastebuds with their tres leches dessert, it was amazing!! Also had the agua de tamarindo, refreshing and perfect for hot days...come check this place out! You will love it!Thought this spot was ok. I got the iced cafe con chocolate and it was pretty good - on the sweet side, but still yummy.
I also got the fish tacos. They were only ok, though the two salsas we were given on the side were good. 
The service is really slow. My friend ordered a fanta and it took 10 minutes. From waiting for the table to be cleared, to being seated, ordering and getting food, we were probably at this restaurant or 2 hours. Great way to catch up with old friends, but annoying if you're hungry or want to get on with your day.Super great and friendly service, and very fresh ingredients. Empanada (which was open faced, like a taco) will make me not want regular tacos anymore. Highly recommend. Also got the carnitas torta, which was huge and delicious.Best Mexican food of my life and I'm from the Southwest. Every ingredient tastes fresh and the food is very authentic.This place is so unexpected. The menu is eclectic Japanese and Mexican and everything is made fresh to order. My breakfast/lunch partner and myself ordered the empanadas, plantain with cream and cheese, and the real breakfast boritto with choizo and cafe con leche. All I can say is DELISH!
Will be back for moreThe menu is loaded. Can't wait to go back. We breakfast.. Huevos RAncheros and Huevos Mexicanos... both great! Service was quick, friendly.. the decor is great. Would to see if they have outdoor seating... hope they add it!!Friendly lil' family owned Mexican joint.  Great brunch with reasonable prices.When I left Arizona for the East Coast in 2008, I figured I had left behind good Mexican food for good. I was mostly right, as the Mexican food in NYC and Philly tends to be one of two things: 1. Overpriced fancy fusion food (Lolita, El Vez, Distrito), which may be delightful but doesn't always hit the spot, or 2. 'traditional' yet uninspired Mexican fare that's gloppy and loveless. 
And then there's Cafe con Chocolate. What they do they do very well: simple, incredibly tasty Sonoran cuisine, with plenty of vegetarian options. The Mexican-style tofu torta, mole enchiladas, molletes, and chilaquiles are the best I've had since leaving Tucson. And the coffee here is great too. Add to this the fact that the restaurant space is lovely and that I've never had to wait more than a few minutes, and it's a can't-miss.Came here for Sunday brunch. This is my 2nd time dine in and the food is consistently perfect. Service is courteous and fast. The waitress seated us next to the door since it was quite dark and cold (powerfulAC )inside. I ordered Mexican sausage with scrambled egg and beans. On of the best I've ever had ! Their breakfast burrito is not my favorite tho. I will come back again.Was seated right away and given waters. We both ordered breakfast burritos, mine with beans, my husbands without and he added steak in his. Food came out quickly and was extremely fresh and tasted wonderful. They brought out a trio of salsas that were all extremely delicious. I also ordered an iced cafe con chocolate that was so amazing I wish I could have drank 20 more. Would definitely return.Love!! I got house coffee and juevos con chorizo and it tasted so authentic and amazing. I can't wait to some back. They have so much different kinda if food. Come for any occasion or meal!!