If I had to judge this place on the front desk order girl ~ it would be a "1". Seriously BAD customer service. We ordered 3 different sandwiches...chicken cheese steak, hot roast beef w/provolone cheese and beef w/cheese whiz. I can't give any great reviews...the beef was very salty...half the chicken sandwich was missing the toppings...no refills on drinks...and the girl is SO NOT interested in talking w/their  customers re: orders. truly terrible service...Ordered delivery. Food was tasty and they were careful with our special dietary needs. We'd go back.Great food, great service. Johnny has an good infectious attitude that really sets the tone of the visit. More Italian oriented, great Philly cheesesteak! 
#foodcomaMy steak was 10 dollars...way too expensive. But considering the fact that this is Center City, I should have known better. They use a really high quality of meat and the steak is juicy. But for me it was a bit flavorless and the chunks of beef were a bit too big. Although the bathroom was really clean when I had to take a "cheesesteak" in the toilet. It was quite funny when other patrons banged on the with their "cheesesteaks" too.Ordered out because I'm bed ridden with a stomach flu...and they delivered a $10 cold (cheese still in a slice form) and burnt grilled cheese. Pretty sure my 4yo niece cold make a better grilled cheese. Definitely won't be ordering from there again!I ordered delivery here through TryCaviar and didn't experience any problems in the wait times/quality of the food.  In fact, it came quicker than expected.  We got the marinated mozzarella sandwich and the wing ding buffalo sandwich.
I would agree with the other reviews that the sandwiches are pretty pricy (generally all were over $10), but you do get a lot of food.  I was a little upset with the roll because I ordered seeded Italian and got regular, which is understandable if they were out, but the rolls we received were not as fresh and soft as I would have liked, kind of like they were a day old.  Hence, why I dropped a star.
The fillings in the sandwich were delicious and on point.  I was not feeling meat that particular day, so I opted for their veggie options. The marinated mozzarella was absolutely delicious and covered in fresh tomato and a flavorful basil dressing - the mozzarella was super soft and tasty.  VERY salty marinade, but the acidic tomatoes helped cut through it.  My BF loved his wing ding sandwich and said it was very spicy and had a really good homemade blue cheese dressing on it.
After tax, service fees and delivery, it came to about $30, which is pricy for sandwiches so maybe next time we'll eat there instead and waive the delivery fees.Got the works cheesesteak but it didn't have bell peppers as it was supposed to.  The cheesesteak was alright but definitely not the best.  If you are wanting a cheesesteak walk a few doors down for a much better one.I know the reviews are mixed, but tried it anyway. No, the staff isn't warm and fuzzy, but when there's a line out the door and it's hot and humid, I don't think I would be either. They weren't mean, but matter-of-fact. The cheesesteak was very good; better than the other places I've had in town.Based on recommendations from some Philly regulars, we decided to avoid the long lines and rivalry between Pat and Geno. There were decent reviews about Campo's and it was located along our route, so we stopped here instead.
The good: My cheesesteak (Whiz wit) was decent. I'm not a big steak eater, so if I ever come back, I will likely try their vegan/vegetarian options and see if I like them better.
This location is also really convenient for tourists checking out the nearby historical sites, without the giant crowd of tourists at other popular cheesesteak spots. We didn't feel like we were missing out on anything. There is also outdoor seating.
The meh: We were there during Fourth of July, and although we were able to watch the parade from the comfort of the deli's indoor seating, it was still pretty warm inside. Maybe they had fans on, but the window was opened to allow best visibility, so any a/c would have been inefficient. I can't imagine what it was like in the kitchen that day.
Would I recommend to someone else? Yes. For someone like me, who just wants a decent cheesesteak but skip the long lines with lots of tourists, or for someone who wants to try a variety of cheesesteaks while in Philly, Campo's is a good choice.The service was quick. The quality of the meat was good. I guess my expectations for an authentic philly cheese steak was more. I cant really put my finger on it though.  I chose the provolone cheese, perhaps a messier cheese would have been better.My girlfriend ordered the philly cheese with the works while i ordered the godfather (chicken, broccoli rabe, roasted red peppers and parmesan cheese)
Both sandwiches where small for the $10 price but we both agreed that the cheese steak was delicious. The godfather was not. The chicken was flavorless and the taste of the parmesan was too much. As good as the cheese streak is i dont think i would go back because of the small portions.Went with a group of 4.  Menu prices are a bit on the higher side for a sandwich, but these sandwiches are out of this world!  They pack them with meat and condiments.  No one in my party had a complaint.  My only suggestion is to serve chips or something with the sandwich.  Everything else extra was just that - extra.Food was good.   Cash only.  3 stars because one of the employees told us to move so he can mop so they can go home soon.....at 730pm.  They close at 9pm.I visited this place back in high school on a senior field trip. One of my teachers recommended this place. The line was pretty long but it was probably because we tried to fit a bunch of high school seniors into a tight Philly restaurant. From what I can remember (it's been like 4 years) the steak & cheese sub was good but it's not the best I've tasted. If I were in town again, I'd stop by for a second time.I worked with Mia to help set up catering for a group of 60 people for an event at a venue in Philadelphia and she was a great help!  She was patient with me and great at consulting me about quantities and popular items.  The day of the event, I worked with Brianna, who was cheerful and tremendously helpful!  We had platters of cheesesteaks, chicken cheesesteaks and hoagies, as well as lots of salads and other goodies and everything was great.  Our attendees really loved the Cannoli dip tray!  I didn't get a chance to visit Campo's in person while I was in Philadelphia, but was very grateful for their service for our event.  They helped make it a success!  Thanks again.Don't do it.
Don't get suckered in.
Most disappointing cheesesteak I've had in Philadelphia.
You figure, hey, if they serve it at the Phillies games, gotta be legit, right?
WRONG.
The sandwich I had here was fatty, chewy steak (barely filling the roll), hardly-grilled onions, crappy American cheese and overly spicy peppers. Just completely dissatisfying.
Warning sign #1 should have been that the sign outside advertises "PHILLY cheesesteaks." I should have turned around then and there.
Oh well.Got the Italian hoagie:
Dilusso salami, ham capacollo, peppered ham, pepperoni, prosciutto, provolone. Bread is on point. Worth it.HORRIBLE EXPERIENCE. They have a vegetarian/vegan menu so I ordered their "godmother" sandwhich off of it because i dont eat meat. The young blonde girl working the register obviously misheard me because the kitchen handed me a "godfather" (loaded with chicken), so i took the sandwhich to the register and asked them to change it for a Godmother. I was met with an outrageous atitude and the girl insisted i ordered a godfather and after reluctantly taking the sandwhich back she riled up the rest of the kitchen staff who then also became angry that i had returned the sandwhich. Instead of making me a Godmother, THEY PICKED OUT THE MEAT AND HANDED ME THE SAME SANDWHICH BACK. The black guy who gave it back to me said somehing along the lines of "look. No chicken, see youre fine" with his own brand of attitude as he raised his arms on either side of his body, palms up.
I understand why someone might not realize how picking the meat out of a vegetarians dish is UNacceptable. BUT MY GOD THEIR ATTITUDES. I was very polite when returning the sandwhich and did not deserve this horrid treatment. When you screw up a customer's order you fix it, you dont throw the meal back in the customers face with an attitude. I was too shocked to ask for my money back but frankly i should have.2 napkins!  
Not bad cheesesteaks but they give you two napkins!  And when you go up to ask for more they give you TWO more. To top it off; one ketchup bottle at the counter.  There should be better ways to cut cost. Put an Xpressnap at every table and step your game up.Had to have a Philly Cheesesteak with whiz and onions while on a family vacation. Family joint that is pretty cool spot! My wife taking a huge bite!Came here at the suggestion of a waitress at another nearby restaurant that said this is where she takes her family when they are in town.  The Works Philly cheese-steak was very good here.I had been to Philadelphia once before, but never ordered a real "Philly Cheesesteak". Campo's was near where I was staying so this was where I popped that cherry.
The inside is small with some two and four-top tables, but they also have some outside seating on the sidewalk. I liked the huge window that was open to get the fresh air because it was hot that day so I needed it and it didn't feel like the place had any a/c at all.
The line is a pain here because it starts to get long and go out the door so you have to loop yourself around, walking by the register to walk back to it and the space you're walking through is tight quarters so again, on a hot day, isn't fun.
IT'S CASH ONLY. They do have an ATM onsite though.
I ordered "the works" a Philly with provolone, mushrooms, onions, and green peppers. The sandwich was around $11. When it came out I was a little underwhelmed by the size of it. I'm used to spending that amount and getting this huge sub/hero/hoagie/etc, but this wasn't that. It tasted fine, but it wasn't overloaded with any ingredients. The bread was the best part in my opinion.
Not a bad place overall, but I'm going to try my Philly elsewhere next time I'm in town.Campos cheesesteaks are really tasty but the can be pretty skimpy on the meat at times. They also don't take credit cards, which is a huge turn off.  But they do have beer, which turns it right back on again. Very small sitting area, but on a nice day you can sit outside and see all the people, if that's your thing.  Its not my thing, but apparently thats what people do..Campo's isn't the best pure cheesesteak in Philly, but they offer things you can't get elsewhere.  BBQ cheese steak?  Bacon, mozzarella and cheddar cheese?  Go here for something a little different.  Friendly staff, run by a family.  
It's a little pricey, but you have to think of the location.  Real Estate is high there, it's a prime spot.  Things will cost a bit more, but in my eyes it is worth it.  It's different and not as greasy as some other cheesesteaks.  It seems like a cleaner sandwich, but that isn't always necesarily better.  The roll is really good and compliments the sandwich well.  
I recommend this to more people visiting center city than any other cheesesteak place, because it's different and most people aren't impressed by just steak and cheese.  They want something a little bit more.My cousin and I ordered 2 cheesesteaks this afternoon around 4:15 pm.  We have eaten many cheesesteaks in our lives as we are both Philly natives and know exactly what a cheesesteak taste like.  Our experience this afternoon was bad.  Probably the WORST cheesesteak we have ever had!  Disgusting huge clumps of what they consider rib eye steak.  Meat and service is of poor quality.  They don't accept cash and the young portly blond behind the counter didn't greet us, and seemed totally disinterested in working and serving us.  They also have the nerve to show a tip jar at the counter.  $21 for 2 cheesesteaks and 1 drink!  It wasn't worth mote than a dollar.  A picture is worth a thousand words so see attached picture of the before mentioned glob of crapMy friend loved her cheesesteak, but my meat was tough and stringy.. I was very disappointed with my first  authentic philly cheesesteak.. cash only? weak. 
It was a far cry from my roast pork sandwich at Nic's.Good Philly cheesesteak sandwiches, but grumpy service.   Cash only, and she said I should have read the sign on the door, but there was no line and we just walked in and didn't read every sign.  Sorry.   Get with the times and take cards.  Probably a tax dodge scheme. 
Asked for a drink refill and she said they couldn't because of some new Philadelphia tax.
Sonny's down the block allows free refills and has excellent onion rings.  They take credit cards too.I walked into Campo's because I had spent the entire morning sightseeing and was very hungry.  I should have checked the reviews for the food before going in.  My sandwich was just short of awful except the three tiny pieces of green pepper which were very tasty.  I needed a magnifying glass to find the onions and the sandwich was sorely lacking in both steak and cheese.  After getting the cheese steak sandwich, I noticed that there was not much to it for the $11.00 I paid.  However, the taste was so blah that the poor value didn't matter and I didn't even end up finishing it.  I stopped by for a slice of pizza along Market Street (and that was delicious)!  There have got to be great places to get an authentic cheese steak in Phili.  Campo's is definitely not one of those place.Great Philly Cheese stake sandwich.   I love their BLT with gluten free bread.  It is refreshing to see a sandwich place offer gluten free option.My favorite cheesesteak in philly. Had it for the first time a cople weeks ago and I will say they did it up right. They weren't skimpy on the meat, it wasn't drenched in cheez whiz and the sauteed onions were cooked to perfection. I must say If they were closer to my house I would never buy  a cheesesteak elsewhere.So some friends of mine and I were walking down the street. We stopped directly between this place and Sonnys famous. Since we couldn't decide which one to go to, we split and I went to Campos. The place is cool, not very big but has outdoor seating. The menu has a decent selection to choose from, so I chose the works cheesesteak. It didn't take long for it to be made which was cool...but...
For never being to Philly before, all I've heard about was the cheesesteak sandwiches. This was one of the main reasons we decided to go. I don't know what I was expecting when I finally got my hands on one...but this most certainly did not live up to them.  I mean it had the cheese, onions and mushrooms but...underwhelmed is the best word that comes to mind. I didn't even finish the other half of it...that's how unimpressed I was. 
Maybe I had unrealistic expectations built up for an authentic philly steak sandwich...I dunno. But my friends that went to Sonnys licked their fingers afterward.This trip to find a a Philly Cheese stake led us to this spot by accident. It was very successful. Everything in that sandwich was in sync!!! Definitely check it out if you are in the areaWe asked the security guard at the Independence Hall where to go for Philly Cheesesteak and he asked if we wanted somewhere tourists go or we wanted Philly Cheesesteak. Of course we told him we want to go where he would go so ended up there. He was right, a lot of meat on the sandwich and it was one of the best we've had so far. Their BBQ sandwich was a hit with my kids. Always trust the locals when it comes to where to eat.Not impressed. The crab cake was dry and tasteless. Chicken cheesesteak was less than average, meat was not chopped up and  they were very stingy with toppings that you have to pay for( onions and peppers). Will not go againThe positives: service and atmosphere.  You can't go wrong sitting outside on Market Street when it's a beautiful sunny day and it's always a bonus when the person taking your order is willing to smile.
The negatives: food.  I ordered the chicken salad club.  $7.00 with nothing included (meaning no sides).  This was one of the most underwhelming sandwiches I've had.  It's so simple, I'm surprised it could have gone wrong.  The downfall -- bland, almost taste-sucking chicken salad.  Steer clear.
The person I was with ordered a side of the pasta salad with his hoagie.  I'm all for tortellini salads, but this was heavy, cheese-stuffed, slightly under-cooked pasta.  It was hard to appreciate any of the other elements within the salad while trying to chew my way through the first piece of pasta.  It's a dead-weight side.
All in all -- and only from two items from the menu -- I wouldn't return.
P.S. I think someone needs to put an end to sandwich places claiming they are the home of the "original" philly cheesesteak,  It only encourages higher pricing and lower quality meals.My first Philly Cheese Steak in Philadelphia, PA.  And it was great!  I wanted it made up the same way a local would eat it. The peppers, the onions, the mushrooms and yes .... Get ready ... Cheese wiz.  Really?  Who am I to say no. If this is what the locals eat - I'll try it. It was pretty good. Not sure if I'll do this back home - but here in Philly, why not.  You need to try it. The staff was really friendly, got to see pictures of the new born baby girl, very cute.  The place is a little  small, not many tables so get there early. Also -Momma's pasta salad is the best!!Came here to get a quick dinner after hanging around town all day. Found it weird that they didn't have French fries on the menu but then the cashier proceeded to explain to me that they don't have anything fried. My friends and I got three different sandwiches and we were all pleased. Very casual.I went here to grab a quick cheesesteak, which ended up being merely mediocre. Also the girl that took my order was rude and seemed annoyed that giving them my business.Tried Campo's for the first time on Sunday even though I've lived in the neigborhood for a few months now.  It's a little disorganized as far as ordering and paying goes - the area with the menus near the register is cramped which prevents any chance of an organized line.
The three of us all ordered cheesesteaks, whiz wit, and our sandwiches were ready lightning fast.  The steak here is chopped up and seems to be of decent quality, and not overly greasy.  The onions were a bit sparse but there was a perfect amount of fake cheesy goodness.
A little pricey for a cheesesteak in my opinion, but it's a touristy area where people are more than willing to pay a premium for a local favorite.  Also - cash only, but there's an ATM on site.I rarely ever write reviews, but ... Our experience here is making the former long-time restaurant worker in me speak up. The food ( we had a cheesesteak & a pizza steak) was good. Not amazing, but certainly tasty. But the atmosphere left much to be desired. We arrived at 9 pm, entering right after a family of four. The dining area is very small - maybe 10 small tables - so we chose a table a few over from the other family. A few minutes after we sat down with our drinks one of the staff members asked us to move to a table right next to the family,  even though all the other tables were empty and doing so crowded both of our parties, because he wanted to stack the chairs and sweep under the tables. While we waited for our food, four more parties came in and ordered --- and the guy didn't stop sweeping and stacking chairs! Customers were having to pull chairs out of the stacks just to have a place to sit! I get it that the staff were ready to leave, but they shouldn't have taken our money if they weren't willing to accommodate us. We felt very rushed and unwelcomed, and for that reason I do not recommend this place.3-31-3012 - Pretty damn good steak. Steak was good and hot, decent quality meat, broccoli rabe good, onions very good.  Roll was good quality local bread.  Counter staff were polite.
Mac & Cheese was just OK because kind of bland, and it was reheated by "Chef Mike" so there were hot and cold pockets. I would suggest that they either make smaller batches during the day, or reheat it outside of the styro cup and stir it once or twice while reheating before handing to the customer.  The ambience is good, it's warm and indoors for Californians freezing their butts off.
THE BAD: CASH ONLY - CASH ONLY - CASH ONLY. BE WARNED. DING THEM A STAR FOR THIS.My hubby is local and said he'd been looking for this place since his mom brought him as a child but couldn't think of the name, until recently. The service was fast and friendly! The cheesesteaks are awesome, The Fliers Philly cheesesteak is to die for babe ate it all in 30secs. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone looking for a good cheesesteak.Got cheesesteak #2 of the day, but this time with cheese wiz!!  It was tasty and The bread was soft and amazing.  I'm not one to eat cheese wiz all day long, but it really does make the meat moist and was a perfect combination..
We planned to eat this at the park across the street, but it started pouring rain!  After getting absolutely drenched, we ate this delicious cheesesteak under some bridge.  Everything got wet, but we saved the cheesesteak!!I was not impressed with the service, food or anything about this place. Maybe I caught them on a bad day.I really liked this place.
Not fancy, cash only and the cheese steak was quite good.Campo's is definitely good eats, with a fairly large menu. I like it for other reasons too.  We all know that going out to eat by yourself can be..."odd".  I take night classes at Temple, and when class ends around 9...I'm usually starving (no time for dinner between work & class).  So, rather than drive back to the suburbs and bypass all this delicious Philadelphia food, I almost always stop somewhere in the city for a sandwich & a beer. This is where it can get tricky. Most restaurants are closed (as if I would go alone anyway)...so that narrows my choices to cheesesteak and pizza joints, which gets old. Campo's has a nice friendly atmosphere, and I have no problem sitting at a table by myself with a sandwich to watch some of the Monday night game.  Good eats...and the best pizza on Earth is right next door!We were in Philadelphia over the fourth of July weekend for a wedding and the hotel concierge had recommended Campo's. This was my first ever Philly cheese steak, and man was it good. My buddy and his wife had explored the day before and tried another place and said this was by far way tastier. The bread was really good and the cheese whiz made it taste extra yummy. I would go again for sure. 
And yes, you have to have cash, but get over it, it wasn't that big of a deal no one on market street took credit and so you just had to yank money out once to cover some shopping (FYI I always use credit too, but know how to use an ATM.)our tour guide said better than gino pat and jims.    we tried it and loved it.   great cheese steak.    you can choose your cheeses and you dont need cheese wiz.First time in Philly and one of my bucket list items was to have a cheesesteak.  I would have loved to have tried Geno's or Pat's for the popularity, but they are a little out of the way from the Old City.  A tour guide recommended Campos which is conveniently  located at 2nd and market street if you are in the independence hall area.  First impression, no space.  This restaurant is tiny and very cramped.  The food was okay at best, but hey, it's a cheesesteak so I'll let it go.   But I have had better in small town suburbia.  Nonetheless I was able to strike off cheesesteak in Philly.   For the location, this place is convenient, but the sandwich alone is approximately $10 and not the best I've had.After a good radio 104.5 block party show with the Revivalist I randomly decided I needed to get a good Italian hoagie.  My buddy said this place was good but he also said east coast wings was good cos he was easily amazed by them having so many different sauces lol.  
When I asked which Italian hoagie I should get I was told the Italian Special was the best in the city.  So I went with it switching up for the spicier capocolla that's in the Mamma Mia along with the sharp provolone.  Friendly service and girl was helpful.  This is maybe more like a 3/3.5.  
Decent Italian hoagie but tough to say if it's phillys best since I haven't had a memorable Italian in awhile besides primos, Lees hoagie or sarcones.  This was a decent Italian but I'll have to try a few more spots like Paesanos, Patificios deli, Cosmi's cos as of now Sarcones n Primos is the best in my limited experience (wawa stinks,too inconsistently sloppy among all locations)My first ever Philly Cheesesteak, and I must say, Campo's provided an impeccable first taste. The staff were friendly, the food was ready quickly, and the prices were reasonable. Only accepts cash, though.Not worth it!  I wanted to try John's Roast Pork or Dalessandro's, but I was too lazy to make the trek, so I settled for Campo's.  I've had much better cheese steaks in Jersey and New York.  The steak was tough and stringy, and there wasn't enough provolone or onions.  The Whiz version looked slightly better.  My wife had a Reuben but it was a mess to eat - very soggy!  My Yeungling was $5.50.  $70 for five sandwiches, four sodas and a beer.  Cash only, too.  Never again!  Should have tried Sonny's just down the block.This was the worst experience.  I paid $12.50 for mostly bread and a soda.Not bad, selection of beer was minimal but the cheeze wiz steak was not bad, good atmosphere and friendly folks behind the counter.I made an account specifically so I could tell everyone my honest opinion:
Just had my first Campos cheesesteak and it was absolutely amazing.  Their cannolis are humongous and have the best filling I've ever tasted--I used to live in Little Italy in the Bronx, and yet Campos has better cannolis.  As an added bonus, the service was quick and the staff was super polite! 
Look out for Johnny, he's the man.  We talked for a good 30 minutes and gave me a lot of great life advice.  In the middle of our conversation, a homeless man walked in with a bag of change...Johnny helped him count it up and gave him bills in return.  That says a lot about what this deli stands for.  
My first experience was phenomenal and I can't wait to go back!Sandwiches are alright - I like the Mama Mia.  If you want a cheesesteak, go to Sonny's.  Honestly, I live in the area and would come here a lot more, but they don't take card and I don't like it enough to make a separate stop at the ATM so I can eat here.Really cannot figure out what the fuss is about.  Unbelievably overpriced and easily the worst cheesesteak I've eaten in Philly.  The bread was dry and hard and the meat and cheese had no flavor.
The service is also terrible.  When we walked in and realized it was cash only, the woman behind the counter said absolutely nothing and just pointed to the ATM in the store.  It also took longer than I would have expected to produce such a terrible sandwhich.
Basically, I was out however much the exorbitant cheesesteak cost plus the transaction fee from the ATM and left very unsatisfied.So this was my first time in Philadelphia so I had to have a philly cheese steak. This was not what I expected. I thought it would be cheesy and juicy and it just wasn't. I ordered it the provolone and onions,  luckily I grabbed some random condiments on the way out. They were needed. Maybe I should have ordered something else on the sandwich..there are several options for additional charge but I was trying to get the authentic version. Basically we had 3 steak sandwich in the 1 day spent in Philadelphia and this was not the favorite.Not impressed.  This was the second stop in a mini-tour of cheese steaks.  We ordered a cheese steak with provolone and onions.  We thought that substituting "upscale" cheese for cheese whiz might improve the flavor.  Not so much.
The bread was great.  The meat greasy.  I had to add pepper since there was no discernible seasoning.  The provolone was there.
And no fries.BEST PHILLY CHEESE STEAK HOAGIE EVER!! I wish they made it like that in NY.. But then again it is called "Philly" cheese steak ;) also.. They have all kinds of beer here! Stella, blue moon, angry orchard etc etc. love this place!!Really food philly cheese steak. They haste one called icy flyer that had Jalapeno and cream cheese with grilled onions.  Just make sure you have cash, since they are a CASH ONLY.Habe hier auf Empfehlung eines Freundes aus Philadelphia mein erstes Philly Cheesesteak gegessen und war begeistert. Die Qualität bei Campo's ist über jeden Zweifel erhaben und auch die Atmosphäre und Preise sind gut. Einziges Manko war, dass viele Tische nicht abgeräumt waren, worunter das Flair gelitten hat. Dennoch, absolute Empfehlung für ein unkompliziertes nettes Essen in authentischer Atmosphäre.Yummmm!! Great place for sandwiches! They have a lot of great classic Philly and Italian options but also some delicious unique ones. They don't have anything fried, so that's cool, you don't get that greasy grill thing. Homemade sides and desserts too. Seating is kind of limited, it's always crowded in there. Get the Valentine :)Located right in the heart of the Old City in Philadelphia and a short walk from Independence Hall, Campo's is a conveniently located place to grab a cheesesteak. That convenience, however, seems to be the only thing going for it.
A quick Yelp search on a handy-dandy smartphone led me to Campo's one sunny and warm Monday afternoon. Upon arrival, the place looked clean and tidy, but way too much like a chain restaurant than a local cheesesteak joint. Fighting my instincts, I entered and proceeded to order a "the works" and a cup of water. Then the water Nazi emerged: "I'LL HAVE TO CHARGE YOU FOR A BOTTLE."
I should have put my money back into my wallet and walked out the door. No place should allow their employees to behave with such absolute curt bitchiness to customers and continue to stay in business. But the money was already out and I'm not one to fight inertia, so I handed the unmotivated employee $10 dollars (WTF?!) for my sandwich and found an empty bottle of lemonade in my backpack and filled it up in the bathroom.
YES, the only water you can get to drink here is BATHROOM WATER.
And I needed all the water I could get - after waiting 10 minutes for my sandwich, I dug in with the first bite to get a mouthful of dry, stale bread and a few overcooked slices of beef. The cheese was negligible, and the only flavor came from the large chunks of semi-grilled onion interrupting every few bites. Despite these shortcomings, the sandwich was decently sized and one I couldn't stop eating.
However, even the best meal can easily be spoiled by rude, inattentive, and alienating service. Campo's, good riddance!Campos was awesome. The staff was nice and polite! This venue is cute, clean and decorative and nice to sit inside or outside and eat at. I really liked their Bacon Cheesesteak! The juice was delicious and the sandwich was the perfect size and flavor. Cash only and worth every penny. It's weird, but they also have the best bathroom door I've ever seen. It's like 1940s Tuscany or something! I would say they need to improve their slaw, it tasted too much like apples and was dry, but who goes to Campos for slaw? Lol 
Venue: B+
Food: B+
Staff: A
Cleanliness: AIn Philly for work on a rotation and stopped by Campo's as the first stop on my Philly Cheesesteak tour.
Stopped in on a Monday during lunch hour.  Pretty packed place, but ordered and got a table with a friend quickly.  I opted for the "wiz with", and an orange cream soda.  Was surprised as when I ordered the orange cream soda, they opened a vanilla cream soda instead.  When I told them, they actually gave me an orange cream soda.
The cheesesteak came out quickly, and boy was it good.  It had been years since I had an "authentic" Philly cheesesteak, and Campo's reminded me quickly of what I was missing.  The sandwich was the perfect size, and exactly what I expected.  I can't quite give it 5 stars, because I still have other stops on the cheesesteak tour.  A big positive is its only a few blocks away from where I work, so I will be back to hopefully try the BBQ Cheesesteak as well.Honestly this was a huge waste of my money. I got two veggie sandwiches, a grilled cheese and two fountain drinks and the total came to $43. After ordering they said they don't accept cards. Who the hell carries cash these days? Luckily they had an ATM machine, but charges $1.50 to withdrawal money. I ordered a grill cheese from the kids meal and asked if they came with fries and they said,  "we don't fry anything here" so I asked if it came with a side. After listing the sides I asked for the Mac and cheese (assuming that it just came with it), but after looking at the receipt I got charged an extra $4. Anyways, we began to eat and the veggies were bitter and the cheese was way too salty. We asked for a fountain refill and they said it's a dollar for a refill. If I could give no stars, I would. By far a huge disappointment and a waste of money. I would never eat there again.Can I go back now please? I have never had a true cheesesteak before and the hotel concierge recommended Campo's as we asked him for one within walking distance. I was not disappointed. I made sure to order with wiz as I have heard this is the way to go. The bread was really good and the cheese whiz made it taste extra yummy. I would go again for sure. 
And yes, it is cash only but it honestly seems as almost every store/restaurant we hit on Market street was cash only and they all have atms (what I can only assume is a big money maker) so if you don't want to pay the fee, bring the cash with you.I'm a big fan of most of Campo's hoagies, especially the cold ones and hot ones with grilled chicken.  My recommendations being anything with Italian cold cuts (Get some cold cuts!  Get some cold cuts!), or the Godfather.
They claim to have the best cheesesteak just like everywhere else, but just like everywhere else with the exception of Dalessandro's in Roxborough, they're lying to you.  But if you need a cheesesteak when you're in Citizens Bank Park you'll be pleasantly surprised to see Campo's has a stand there.  Good for you!  By pass the Tony Luke's stand and grab a steak from Campo's...and Crab Fries from Chickies & Pete's, but that's another story.The cheese steak whiz wit I had was very good. With onions, cheese and steak, it was just what I was looking for. The food came out pretty quickly and I was not disappointed. However, the staff seemed annoyed with all of the tourists that seemed to be around. The option of 'To-go' is great for here because there is not an overly large seating area. 
Order at the counter with their large and easy to read menu, snag the closest indoor or outdoor table and wait for your number. Their side items were nice to have while waiting for the sandwich and the bun it came on was delicious. While not the most exciting place to get a cheese steak sandwich, it is in a great location and got the job done. I left satisfied and far from hungry.Last night I had my first Campos cheesesteak. Honestly I was not that impressed. I would have to put this in the same category as Pat's and Gino's. Both of these places, while "icons" are not that great at making steaks. There are MUCH better places such as Jim's on south street, Dalessandro's, and The Pepper Mill. Campos' meat was a bit fatty and lacked taste. The roll was not fresh (which as most people know - REALLY makes a steak that much better). If you are from out of town, do yourself a favor and avoid Pat's, Gino's, and CAMPOs - there are MUCH better places in the Philly area.Good burgers that are really big.  Fresh Sandwiches.  Not amazing, but good if you're in the area.  Not as overpriced as some tourist traps.  Nice people.I was in the mood for a good cheesesteak. I got one. Nuff said. It had a small but cozy outdoor seating area, and a neat interior. I did not sample any of the desserts, so they did look appetizing.A good cheese steak. Large bread with a lot of meat compared to Sonny's. I got a sandwich from Sonny's and my wife got a sandwich from Campos. Sonny's was a bit smaller but more flavorful. The Campos while larger and meaty need salt and pepper to help it out.I wish there was an option for negative stars because this place deserves about 5 negative stars.  First of all when you are about to place your order that everything is cash only, for their convenience.  Then they tell you cash up front which I thought was surprising.  Finally, I get my sandwich on plain tasting bread with barely any meat.  If I had the time I would have stood at the entrance to show all the new customers this disgrace of a cheesesteak. I can't believe the arrogance of the owners.So amazing! Loved my cheesesteak sandwich and honestly the best pretzel ever! Great staff!Great place for food on the grab. If you want a quick fix but still want to enjoy fresh good food, step into campos. One of the friendly staff people mentioned the home made chunky tomato soup her mother just made as the day's special. I tried it and was not disappointed.I think that Jim's on 4th and South is slightly better, but I actually think that Lickety Split may be better than both!
I went here yesterday on my way out of Philadelphia.  Earlier in the day, I went to Jim's.  Jim's is slightly better (I rated it 3-stars) and their meat is more seasoned and minced/chopped.  
SUMMARY:  Philly Cheesesteaks need an update.  Anything that has CheezeWhizz as an option is bad news.  It's better to eat NYC pizza instead.Rude cashier, slow service. Whatever you do don't order their coleslaw its terrible. Sandwiches are good however if you want to deal with their crap.Don't waste your money here. There are so many other decent places to eat on the same street I regret choosing this one. 
The only reason I even walked in was because I saw they had vegan options but the sand which wasn't even good. It had no taste and they were confused about their own sand which on the menu. They change you to use the bathroom...and charge you for a refill. $15 later I'm still hungry.Campo's deli. I am very impressed with the quality of their cheesteak however I am disapointed in the size of the cheesesteaks. Overall im giving this 4 stars because it was the best cheesesteak by far that I have had in philly.
Cheesesteak /w cheese lettuce tomato onions mushrooms was $9.63. 
Its defintely a great place to get a cheesesteak, but let me warn you if your driving there u WONT FIND PARKING!!!Took several years of lurking to finally write my first review. But I just had a terrible experience and I had to get it off of my chest. I should've known what was coming as soon as I reached the counter. I didn't get her name but the redhead (not real)asked how can I help you and before I even got a chance to answer she turned her back and poured herself a red bull into a cup and took a few sips. We proceeded to order 2 vegan works which in the menu it clearly said "Loaded with sweet bell peppers, mushrooms, grilled onions provolone or vegan cheese etc. $10.50
I noticed I got charged 2 dollars extra for vegan cheese when it included it in the description. The girl very rudely said the provolone was free that the vegan cheese was 1.00 extra because on top it said vegan cheese 1.00 dollar. Made no sense to me since the provolone isn't even vegan..wtf?  I told her that was for the other sandwiches under vegetarian that included no cheese at all but she refused to budge. Said she can give me my 2 dollars back and put no cheese l. Hmm isn't that the point of a CHEESESTEAK? Upset with the service I asked for my money back completely which she gave me to me but very loudly yelled to the cooks "don't make the vegan ones because he doesn't want to pay for the cheese. Which I then told her it's the fact that it's misleading in the description and you're attitude is terrible. It was unfortunate because I really enjoyed my sandwich when I came in December(And didn't get charged extra) but I refuse to support businesses that are misleading and people who work up front who have no customer service skills.A really good cheesesteak but somewhat on the smaller side, also could have used some more meat. Enjoyed the meal, but not so much washing it down with a $3 soda. 
Try the pretzels with their mustard sauce. Watch out, though, it's super spicy (yet addicting)While touring the city, the tour guide recommended this place so we decided to give it a try. The lady taking our order was very impatient and I felt rushed to place my order without giving it much thought.  The cheesesteak was ok but I wish I would have tried something else. It was kind of bland and not seasoned well in my opinion. They only accept cash so how would a tourist be expected to know that?!?!  I had to borrow cash from my Mom and they got an attitude because they had to wait until she came out of the restroom. The cashier was rude and looked at you like you were crazy for asking questions!  The family behind us were also tourist and they didn't have enough cash and had to remove a few things from their order.   
They had a ATM in the store but that would require getting out of line. My suggestion to this business would to be stop being so cheap and start accepting bank cards as payment! This is 2016 and even vendors on the street accept other forms of payment!!!Definitely not close to the best. Chicken cheesesteak the works was very bland, as was the chicken heater. Will not be backThe meat was so flavorless, chewy and a little bit too grilled. We hate it.
Moreover, the cashier was unpleasant and not smiley. 
This place made us sick of philly cheesesteak!I am certainly not an expert on Philly Cheesesteaks (one word, I am told), but the wife and I were recently in Philly doing all the tourist things, the docent at the Powel House (great historic house, awesome docent) recommended Campo's for the local cheesesteak - we were close by and the South side places were too far to go....
I ordered the Philly Cheesesteak WIT cheesewiz since that is what locals do - have to say that it was great, not sure if I would ever order one again (I live on the West Coast and we are all into Mexican food), but I thought the food was great, the place had a good vibe, sat by the front open window, watched the world go by - it was a fun place with good food...
Again, I am certainly not the expert and can't compare Campos to the others, but I thought they deserve a "A" for all things considered....
The young lady at the order counter was also very nice......No fries, so-so cheesesteak, $1 refills, real skimpy on napkins,  cash only = sonny's a few doors over is much much better.  
Both are tourist priced but that's because of the location.The group of 4 of us all had something different & everyone thought they were good, but not necessarily the best ever. I had the chicken works and it was good, chicken was a little dry, but the sauces on it helped a lot. Husband had a cheesesteak with bbq sauce & bacon and seemed to enjoy it, but not loved it 100%!Cheesesteaks were really dry and not very good. Definitely not a good representation of true Philadelphia cheesesteakI can't really get a good cheesesteak in Texas so of course i needed to try the real thing!  
This place we just stumbled upon as it looked decent enough and established.  Bring CASH folks! cash only.  If you want water you gotta buy it in a bottle too (kind of lame).
I've had cheesestakes before and i enjoyed this one, wasn't greasy the bread was nice and soft/ plenty of meaty taste too.  Kind of pricey for a sandwhich but it is what it is... even in Texas they'll charge you 9 bucks for a cheesesteak; i guess i'd rather pay that much for the 'real' thing.Good cheesesteak but unfriendly service.  We got the works cheesesteak. The rolls were fresh and tasty but the cashiers must hate working thereI like that Campo's has some variety to their cheesesteaks, so that it doesn't feel like you're eating fast food.  Plus, their drink selection extends beyond soda and water, so that's great!  I had the Works, which was pretty good.  Mushrooms, onions, bell peppers.  The bell peppers were interesting.  I didn't quite like the mushrooms they chose to use, but the sandwich was pretty good overall.  The staff was very friendly and attentive.
It's a nice place to sit and relax and watch all the tourists run around while you eat your sandwich.  I wouldn't say it's the BEST.  I've yet to find the best, I think...Stopped by this place since we were in a rush to grab dinner before a show.  The sandwiches we got (wing ding and cold vegetarian) were okay, but the price is way to pricey for average tasting sandwiches.  I think about $9 was the average sub price.  Though I know vegetarian sandwiches are never really worth their cost there could have been something extra to give it that special kick, or it could have cost less than the other non-meat sandwiches. The wing ding was just basically just hot sauce drizzled on the white meat chicken.  All-in-all, go somewhere else.1 star for good customer service but -4 for the quality of the food. I've been to a few of the top cheesesteak spots in Philly and was really disappointed to eat this. The cheesesteak was super bland. The steak was not seasoned at all. And to make it worse they do not make fries. So all we ate was the sandwich (no side). It was like a pb without the j.My daughters and I stopped in here after it was recommended by a family member.  We got the Supreme and the Italian (With spinach instead of broccolini) cheese steaks.  They were able to grill the bun, which some places won't do.  The sandwiches were more than enough to share between an adult and 2 small children.  We also got the caprease appetizer, which can with a disappointing amount of bread to put the peppers, tomatoes and cheese on.  Good experience overall.  It should be noted that it is a cash only store, but there is an atm available.Had a regular Philly Cheesesteak with provolone cheese and onions while the BF got The Works. At this point we were so tired from our late bus travel and the intense rain going on in Philly. Our food came out quick which was good!
The portions are just right but perhaps I should've gotten whiz instead of provolone. The bread was soft and the steak was a little too dried for my liking. But with onions and cheese, it came together very nicely. 
I prefer this cheese steak joint over Pats & Geno's where the cheese steaks are extremely greasy and cheesy that you can barely pick up the sandwich. Getting a table here is pretty quick too! Much more relaxed here than the hyped up places as well.We ordered a normal cheesesteak with grilled onion and provolone cheese. It was OK. The onion was not good at all. There was a good portion of meat. Accept cash ONLY.Bad. 9.50 for a small, empty, dry sando. Walk 2 blocks to Gianfrancos on 3rd and Market for a far better sandwich, twice as big, for 3 dollars less! 
These fools at Campos don't even take credit cards, and its 2011, while other sands shops let you pay on phone. I think they have a deal with the bank who's atm is in the shop. They also had bad attitudes.So overrated. Stringy meat, average Amorroso roll. Filthy as well. It's really just a tourist trap for out of towners seeing the historic sites and getting sucked in for a cheesesteak. #SadMy first time in Philadelphia, and this was rated as one of the best.  I don't that this is one of the best, but I've realized that even the best cheese steak is not that good. 
My first complaint, no salt.  I understand that not everyone likes salt, but it sucks to take bite, get disappointed, get up look for salt, open the sandwich, blah blah blah ...
Second complaint, I ordered it with "The Works", which was not much of anything, a little onion, little pepper, little mushroom.  I guess I'm not a cheese steak person.  
P.S. Mr. Campos was very nice and friendly.In Philadelphia and want to sample the real local fare? Come to Campos to get a great cheesesteak from this family-run business. You might need to take it to-go because they don't have much seating.
Cash-only, but they have an ATM inside.I was in Philly for a concert and the Hotel Monaco recommended this place for my first Philly Cheesesteak ever! I'm not a huge sub person because I don't really eat bread- but I knew I was in the right place when the cheese they used was the Whiz. My friend got a "pizza Cheesesteak"(?) and it was yummy. I ate half of mine and packaged the second half for a homeless guy we saw on the way there. Mia (the owners daughter) talked with us while we were waiting and it was really interesting. Very nice establishment. The macaroni and potato salad was made by her mom. Love the local businesses and told her I would pray that the Eagles win so more prosperity can come to Philly.So for years my wife and I have been going to Sonny's right down the street from this place until one night we said hey! Let's give Campo's a try. Huge mistake!! The steak was not fully cooked it was extremely fatty and the bread was the worst! And to top it off we pre ordered via phone and when my wife walked up to the location this rude ass employee yelled out, We're closed! And literally two minutes after 4 more customers walked in of a different ethnicity and was allowed to order with no problem at all. Long story short we'll never eat here again. They don't even sell fries! What cheesesteak spot doesn't sell FRIES??????honestly should have a higher rating, the cheesesteaks are fantastic, barely greasy and don't make ya feel like shit after. Never as long a wait as anywhere else in the city to get a great cheesesteak.Horrible.  Do not eat here.  I have eaten here at least 5 times (due to its proximity to my office and my laziness) and have always been disappointed.  The prices are way too expensive and the sandwiches are way too small.  Who wants a $14 dollar lunch consisting of a bland cheesesteak, fountain soda and small bag of chips? Well if you eat here that is what you will get.  I feel sorry for the tourists who get directed to this sandwich shop for one of our famous Philly cheesesteaks; and I should be punished for voluntarily eating here so many times.  As you can tell, I am fed up with this place which left me repeatedly underfed.Terrible, over priced, CASH ONLY and an all around bad experience.
Worst cheesesteak I've ever had. We went to Sonny's a few doors down the night before, which was phenomenal. Decided to try a new place, which turned out to be a real bad decision.
Ordering is weird; no menu board, and the counter where you order is so cluttered with shit that I had no clue how to thread my money through the garbage and into the cashier's mitt. Oh, and it's cash only, yet they charge premium prices compared to other places that have no problem accepting those new-fangled credit cards.
Two cheesesteaks and some coleslaw that I was assured was amazing and freshly made was near $25. That's it; no drinks, no reach around, nothing. And the cashier made a point to tell me that they don't fry anything, so no fries. Wow, way to take a stand against the best accompaniment to cheesesteaks. Heroes...
Took an absurd amount of time to get our food. When we got it, it was a rather pathetic looking 8" sandwich cut in half and served in a wicker basket. Much smaller than Sonny's, but costs more? It must be outstanding then!
Nope. First bite was like gnawing on an old shoe covered in cheese. Meat was horrible. It's sliced thick, it was over cooked and wasn't a particularly good cut to begin with. I ordered the "Works" or something to that effect, and I think I saw one or two mushrooms in there along with the essence of an onion and what may have been a pepper. Very skimpy on the toppings. 
Ended up dumping half the steak/connective tissue off. Bread was actually really good, about the only positive I could find. My sister had the same experience with her creation; most of it went into the trash.
The coleslaw was wretched. Sure, it was fresh, but had as much flavor as soggy paper with a few carrots throw in. Inedible. What a waste.
Steer clear of this place. You'll find a much better product down the street at Sonny's, but I suppose I wouldn't know how good they are had I not had a basket of shit at Campo's to measure it against.This place is so warm and inviting, a real family operation. And the cheesesteak was to die for! They also have loads of homemade salads for sides. We had the pasta salad and it was delish-- very high quality with lots of goodies in it like sun dried tomatos, chick peas, olives.
John was awesome. He was so sweet and helpful and personable.
I wouldn't bother going anywhere else for that kind of food when in that part of town.Literally, the worst cheesesteak eva!  
Pro:  the bread and whiz were good...that's all I ate.
Con:  the meat was thick cut, what? and full of fat and gristle..inedible and disgusting.
How can this be in Philly?Decent roast pork, provolone, and spinach sandwich on a seeded roll. Girl behind the counter wasn't terribly friendly, nor did the price charged ($10.75) reflect the menu price of $9.25 + $1 for the spinach.The worst! We ordered food and an hour and a half later, we still had no food. We called to ask about it and they hung up on us. We called back and when we asked the status of our order, he AGAIN hung up on me.  We never got our food we paid for and had to contact grub hub for a refund. This place is terrible. Do not order from them!!!I ordered the Italian Special without cheese. It came to a little over $10 and I've definitely had bigger sandwiches for less. Still, Campo's made up for the size with their choice of meats, it had a slice or two each of surprisingly good prosciutto and capocolla. Their bread definitely required you to rip into the sub, I prefer a slightly softer bun that makes it easier to eat. 
There was a large group of tourists clustered up front peppering questions about the beer. There was plenty of seating which I appreciated. The front counter is replete with handwritten signs about desserts and sides on offer as well as t-shirts and bags. 
Ultimately, my sandwich was tasty but as a local who prioritizes quiet nooks over loud spots, I would go somewhere else.So this Friday was the second time in a row that I was turned away from placing an order.  Two of us arrived at 9:41 on a Friday night , just short of 20 minutes before the posted closing time.  We were stopped at the door and told that they were closed.  I asked what time do you close and was told now and was blocked from the door.  How is it that the locations in the burbs are open later then one in Olde City?!   Luckily for us  Sonny's  is just a few steps up Market Street.    Come on Campo'S,  you are supposed to be a Philly staple and a place we can recommend.  I only hope I can get in next time. From what I remember the food was decent. Then again there's always Sonny'sI would give 0 stars, if I could. Went all the way to Philly for a vegan cheesesteak and they were "out". How can you be out of something?! Awful experience!A little bit of South Philly on Old City, Campo's makes first rate steaks, hoagies, meatballs, etc. it ain't Tony Luke's or John's Roast Pork, but it is as good or better than anything else in South Philly.Horrible customer service, person taking orders was rude, unhelpful and very snotty in responses. Food okay. Mushrooms were canned, I was expecting a little better. One star for environment and locAtion.You know that feeling one gets when you're sitting at your desk and your stomach decides to do its best Harley Chopper impression? Its happened to the best of us, and truth be told it is the best feeling in the world for someone like me. 
Campos to the rescue, they will simply fill you up in ways that you need. This is your classic deli cash only spot, and perfect for cold cold Philadelphia weather. Especially in the Olde City area where there isn't the protection of buildings to shield you from the blistering wind. My recommendation is the Mama Mia, but I am bias since I love cured meat. 
If you're going for lunch please be ready to wait for a bit, because it is packed all the time. Also make sure you're not expecting to sit down, since chances are you're not going to find a spot to sit down.I live close to Campo's, so this is a go to for me as far as getting a sandwich or a salad.  I usually go for the hot roast beef and broccoli rabe-this sandwich is delicious!  The chicken heater is pretty good too.  As far as other reviews go and the statement of there not being enough meat in the sandwiches-I've never come across that.  I've eaten here a lot and I've never been dissatisfied with the portions.  
Try one of the browines at the front counter-pretty dang good.Horrible service! Cashier was not friendly at all! The order was place but marked incorrectly then they charged me for their mistake! It was 75 cents for their mistake and I had to pay for it. Absolutely horrible!
When asked for our number, after hearing her tell everyone else's number, told us to look at our receipt.  just rude!
And to top it off, the food is not great!Campos was amazing for food and service. Yummy eats for us since we're from out of town and wanted something authentic. They were absolutely amazing accommodating us, as we were a group of 23 8th graders plus chaperones. Meghanne was awesome at taking our orders and working with us. Thank you so much! I do this tour with my 8th graders every year but had never been here and now we're looking forward to coming back!The cheesesteaks here were average. Honestly it feels very touristy too. I wonder how many locals actually eat here. Had the Italian cheesesteak with broccoli rabe and sharp provolone, which was ok but not great. The meat was thick-cut and a little chewy for my taste. Also it's cash only which I find annoying. Much preferred Sonny's, just up the block!Another place where the reputation supersedes the actual taste of the food.  Is it bad? NO, but its reputation  that its one of the best places to get a cheesesteak in philly is just not true. Its avg at best.  I would actually recommend the roast pork over the cheesesteak. Bread is good though.  
At $10 for an 8inch roll its a bit steep and again relying on tourists.  
Have i been back yes, but i was really in the mood for a roast pork sandwich. 
Staff is nice but it does have the vibe of one of those places where they expect u know they menu and if u ask a question they look at you like you cant be serious.The food looked okay. The customer service is pretty bad. My friend and I were sitting there talking after we were done eating and around 7:45pm on a Tuesday, this guy comes over and tells us we need to move because he needs to sweep and mop. He didn't even say excuse me or even ask us kindly to move. I was under the impression they were closing, so I asked the lady behind the cash register to confirm they were staying open. She said no and I told her that particular man asked us to move because he had to sweep and mop. Her reply? You can have a sit on this side over here...such and such is just a little fiesty. No excuse. My friend and I left anyway and went to Sto's Bar a couple of steps down from Campos where we were welcomed by an awesome bartender named Kevin that served us with the best customer service I've seen in a while. I don't care how much people rave about Campo's Deli and the food they offer. As an establishment that serves people, if your customer service stinks, people will find another place to take their money. There are far too many places in Philly to get a good sandwich for any business to compromise their service by offering poor customer service.Bbq Philly cheese steak was awesome. I didn't give it 5 stars because honestly services sucked. The lady that helped us said "her mom made mac and cheese" and could be bought. Her attitude SUCKED! !!!  & it was a 1$ to refill like for reals. But the food was amazingReally quite good!   Not that my opinion matters, the lines are long at all hours of the day and night, except for 10:30 AM on a Sunday!!!  that's when we finally scored our cheesesteaks, and man they were good.    Will they knock your socks off?  Frankly, I've never met a cheesesteak that knocked my socks off, so lower your expectations and dig in.Great shop, food was fresh and awesome.  We had of course the works Cheese steak, homemade cannoli and it all was super yummy.  On top of the great food was the great service.  We were visiting Philly and they were happy to tell us about the other great touristy things to see within walking distance from the ship.A small group of us went here for a late lunch.  Most of us ordered cheesesteaks.  This is a counter service place and they call your number when the order is ready.  The cheesesteaks are average.  If you are looking for a good cheese steak, try Jim's, Pats or Gino's.  If you are near Campos, Sonny's has decent steaks too (but not as good as the three above).  One of the 5 steaks was full of gristle.
BTW, the sandwiches were $10 each and not large.  Kind of pricey.  
Apparently, their deli sandwiches are good.  We did not order them.Visited during when a friend wanted to do a "Tour de Cheese Steak". Bread was good. Meat isn't chopped well enough for me and onions are too big as well. Would place it on my Philly Cheese Steak list.My first Philly cheesesteak! I got the regular cheesesteak with cheese whiz. I thought it was pretty good, but my friend from Philly said that it was not the most authentic. Also, be warned... they charge you for ordering water!! 
I would actually give it 3.5 stars.Had lunch here with the office. It's not bad but expensive for the amount of food you get. I got the Godfather (grilled chicken and veggies) which was maybe 8" but $10.75. The sandwich was decent but you can get more and better sandwiches in this city. Also they'll only take credit cards for $20+I had a Philly cheese steak and rice pudding. My bf had The Works and a cannoli. Needless to say, we were very happy with the food.  The bread for the phillies were so soft and the meat was juicy. 
It's not terrible and I'm sure there are better places. But I am not disappointed for the quick stop here. :)Melt in your mouth cheesesteaks!
Yummy!  I had mine with white american cheese as recommended by the girl at the counter as her favorite.  Wash it down with a local brew - a perfect lunch for a day of walking around olde city Philadelphia.  
Family owned and the whole family seems to work here - great food, fun atmosphere - loved it.Guess I'll review this twice since it has two listings and is worth knowing about!  
Melt in your mouth cheesesteaks!
Yummy!  I had mine with white american cheese as recommended by the girl at the counter as her favorite.  Wash it down with a local brew - a perfect lunch for a day of walking around olde city Philadelphia.  
Family owned and the whole family seems to work here - great food, fun atmosphere - loved it.The cheesesteaks were missing an important ingredient: cheese. The portions are small, yet priced high. The CS were all bread, and had so little cheese, or chicken, I went around the corner to get a slice, because I was hungry. 
I'd never recommend this place, as there are better spots to dine on same streetTourists beware! This is like the quintessential tourist trap.  Expect to pay top price for your order here. Cashier's attitude, overly rude.  $10.00 + sandwich.  Want sauce on your steak sandwich? Sure $0.80 cents. Want a 50 cent bag of chips? sure, $1.35. Want lettuce and tomato on your sandwich? Sure $2.00. Want a cup of water? Sure, buy a $2.32 bottle.  Quality of the food, standard.  The meat was tough. The sandwich is very SMALL. 8" roll. Cash only. So many other close by places to have a much better experience. Again, Tourists beware. Avoid this joint!Campo's is one of the more famous of the cheesesteak places in Philly.  They give you a choice of whiz or American.  They also have lots of other hoagies.  They are cash only so come prepared.Went here for lunch to get an authentic Philly cheesesteak while I was in town for a conference. Got a cheesesteak with the works on whole wheat, and it was delicious. Everything from the bread to the meat and cheese to the veggies was fresh and flavorful without being greasy. In addition to the whole wheat bread option, "cheesesteaks" also come in chicken or vegan for those who want the cheesesteak experience without the guilt :-)
I was also pleasantly surprised by the great service. It's a family run place, and it feels that way.Delish!!!! Loved the heater mmmmmmm.. And the chicken salad was great, chicken was perfect.June 2018. This is my FIRST stop from the hotel.  Small mom & Pop shop with EXCELLENT food.  I'll be back every time I'm in Philly.So I went to Philly for my 1st real date with my now boyfriend. Being my sometimes simple minded self myself i just knew I had to try a Philly Cheesesteak from Philly!!! So after some searching online I came across a list of  "best Cheesesteaks in philly" and Campos was #6 outta 10 soo... why not (i figured #6 outta probably 600 cheesesteak joints the odds where in our favor) NOT! while the staff was a suuuuper welcoming group of people and the place definitely had curb appeal i left hungry :/ It all started when they said "we dont sell fries" WHAT THE WHAT??!! No fries! Meh ok im still in we ordered two phillys (provolone) the meat tasted dry, (knew I should got the cheese wiz) and it had no flavor, neither did the veggies, oh also if you want a refill....1.50 bro :p well like I said I did like the service. Oh the potato salad was tasty however...Why Campos, Why?Campos chicken cheesesteak was on point. Lots of cheese and onions, the way I like it. A little on the expensive side but worth it. Service was timely and Mia was very friendly.  Would definitely go back. 
Only negative is that the place only excepts cash. Did not get to try the Mac and cheese.Overpriced and unfriendly.   Had to pay over 2 dollars for bottled water because they don't have a cup of water.  One order, "hot beef provolone" was cold to touch.  Not worth it.Want to grab a quick delicious Philly Cheese stake?
This is your place. The service is bit rude, the place very crowded and they don't take credit cards. But you forget all of that when you taste their cheese stake.Absolute ripoff!
Shady business practices here:
Visited for lunch the other day. Ordered one sandwich, a drink, and chips.
I unknowingly paid for a "commemorative pope cup" (a month after the pope visit) for an extra $5.35!
I did not ask for a special holy meal.  I have no desire for a $5 pope cup or a $17.66 meal for lunch.
I will not be returning.Campo's you are a-ok. My total order consisted of a cheesesteak with provolone and fried onions, a chicken cheesesteak with american, and a coke. Normally it would be no skin off my ass, but $20 for 2 sandwiches and a coke?? CASH ONLY like many cheesesteak havens in the city. Overall not bad quality wise, but not really worth the price tag. A solid B if we're talking ratings on a grading scale. Next time I come back, I am warning my family that I will be slipping into a coma because I plan on ordering the Stockyard.Good. Wanted something quickly so we could go on with our day. Ordered the works with wiz. Good sandwich.Really good meat and bread. Not too fond of the peppers and mushrooms. Kinda bland. The desserts looked good but I didn't have any. They charge for refills on soda and it's cash only :/LOVE Campo's! Best cheesesteak and the sandwiches are great too! Rolls always fresh, ingredients always fresh!!!! Can't go wrong with anythingThe general consensus was the food was bland. It was also expensive for the quality of it. My daughter had mac n cheese and it was terrible. You could tell it was make ahead and warm up. Gross for $5 for a small plastic cup of it.
Vegetarian cheesesteak is available which brought us in. Cash only, which to me is crazy in a city today.Melty cheese and beef - we were hungry and decided to have lunch here before sweating it out in the heat. The cheesesteaks were HUGE, J and I totally should've shared. I wish they served fries... :PI agree with everyone that says it's touristy & expensive... but what place isnt that serves up Philly's #1 food in a touristy location? It's not a locals cheesesteak place.
As a vegetarian there is actually a few items to choose from- so if you have a visiting friend who wants a cheesesteak in old city, I'd suggest Campo's because you can actually order something yourself (unlike most/all cheesesteak places). The mozz hoagie is good & I even had the mac n cheese there- yum.  There is also beer available. On the other hand, Ive never suggested this cheesesteak place to a meat eater looking for a steak without a damn vegetarian to please. There's another place right down the street for that.The people were kind, attentive.... EVERYthing is made fresh to order... woohoo, LOVE that. My husband had the works cheese steak... and i was trying to be a tad healthier with my cheese steak (ha!), and had the chicken cheese steak with onions and provolone. DELISH!!!!! There was a ton of crisp onions and we were ridiculously pleased.Excellent lunch sandwich selection. Gluten-free bread options. Generous sandwich size. Fast service. Ample seating.Had to get a cheesesteak since I was visiting from out of town and was told this place was good. They did not disappoint. Breanna was the best and was really helpful. Great food and and even better service!Right on Market between 2nd and 3rd street.  Went there tonight for the first time and had a hot beef, broccoli rabe, and provolone sandwich with gravy.  The broccoli rabe was fresh, and the beef, cheese, and gravy combined to melt in your mouth as some of the previous reviewers attested.  
I sat on the street and enjoyed my sandwich, a good book, and finished it off with a cigar - BYOC (bring your own cigar).  They only take cash, and only sell bottled water, so I had to quickly run down a few doors to the Old City Market to use my last dollar to get a bottle of water as I waited for my sandwich.  Nevertheless, a great place to get an inexpensive (between $7 and $10) authentic Philly meal.Im from Philly and this is the second time of eaten here. The steak had no taste(low grade meat)the cheese tasted like a soft oil spurge in my mouth also no flavor. I dont no how a place like this stays in business. I couldnt even eat the second half. Never again felt like i was robbed for my $12.00 dollarsWild looking place.. set in the middle of a big nightlife atmosphere. Must be some show at 1am. Food was good.. large portion.. try the Mac and Cheese... Real good...Friendly staff, big cheesesteak selection, beer- wordI have been to Campo's Deli a few times and to be honest, the first time I tried it I thought it was amazing. I got the buffalo chicken cheesesteak, which is my staple anytime I'm in the mood for a cheesesteak. The first time I had it, it was cooked to perfection...well as much as a cheesesteak can be. 
The second time I was craving a cheesesteak, I got the same thing and was greatly disappointed. It was prepared very sloppily with the ingredients falling out and sauce spilling out of the foil into the plastic bag.  The sandwich was beyond soggy.  
I thought I would give Campos a third try, thinking the second time was just an off day, but the cheesesteak this time was just as messy and soggy, if not worse.  Unfortunately I will not be trying Campo's again anytime soon.All right, so I'm not a big cheesesteak or even a steak fan, but as far as cheesesteaks go, I have to say that this tasted as good as I could hope a cheesesteak could taste to me.  The bread had just the right consistency (chewy and soft with a bit of that resilient toughness - if that even makes sense) and the meat was soft, juicy and fatty - none of that ground meat and dry stuff.  Maybe the additional fat is just the goodness that makes a cheesesteak, who knows? Add provolone cheese to it and it was a great way to start off my weekend Philly trip, straight off from the bus and from the visitors center.  It beats Jim's Steaks in my book, which is the other cheesesteak place I tried during my weekend there - just two to save my poor clogging arteries.Was here Saturday with my husband and friends of ours. We drove in to go to the Eastern State Penitentiary for Terror Behind the Walls, arrived earlier than planned and stopped for a little history and a real Philly Cheese Steak. This place was one of the top ten listed on the city's website... It should have never been on the list. We were charged $15 for the worst cheese steaks ever. After one bite our friend tossed his out. We tried to eat ours but they were awful and we just couldn't choke them down after a few bites. Should have taken pictures of how terrible they looked. We will never be eating there again. Had we known about Sonny's, we would have gone there instead.My hotel recommended Campo's as a nearby place to try a steak and cheese sandwich.  The place was packed.  It obviously draws a large tourist crowd.  Still, -and my experience of cheesesteaks are limited- I enjoyed the sandwiches.  I tried another cheesesteak while in Philly at another restaurant and it was not nearly as good.  I would recommend Campo's in spite of the small seating space, fairly long wait, and crowds.I was expecting more from Campos. Unfortunately, it's an iconic restaurant that is fueled by history rather than its food. It may have been the best place for phily cheese steaks in the past, but I can't say that is now. There are better places that serve better cheese steaks than this place. I was sorely disappointed, perhaps because of the hype surrounding this place.Always on the hunt for a good cheesesteak, I was eager to try Campo's the next time I found myself in Old City Philly.   I had heard good things about it from a few people and had even seen one of their steaks featured in an episode of "Heat Seekers" on the Cooking Channel.
I'll start with the positive portion of the review first.  My wife absolutely loved her hot meatball sandwich -- she loved everything about it (except the price).
Now, sadly, on to the less favorable part.  I was thoroughly disappointed by their cheesesteaks, which, in my opinion, were undersized, overpriced, devoid of flavor and almost devoid of cheese.  Overall, except for being stingy with the whiz, I found it to be no different than the bigger name tourist traps -- worth neither the time nor the price.  Once is enough for me, but to be fair, the wife recommends their hot sandwiches.Went on a busy Saturday afternoon.  Got the works.  They use great bread, soft and crusty.  The steak was just greasy enough, and the peppers and onions were grilled perfectly.  You'll notice in the high-volume cheesesteak places, the veggies are frequently inconsistent due to the quantity cooked on the grill at one time.  Not here.
What impressed me most was a moment when several Argentinian tourists were struggling to make their order due to a slight language barrier.  The girl at the counter got a Spanish-speaking cook who seamlessly took over and got their order.
Knowing how a certain cheesesteak establishment tarnished the name of our city by spitting in the face of its non-English speaking patrons, it was great to see excellent service provided to tourists and guests in our country and city.Not Better then Dinic's but still a pretty good Philly cheesesteak. Grab a beer to go along with your meal and enjoy the view outside onto market st. A nice little hub that attracts some good business. I thought the cheesesteak could have used a little more salt... but I can add that myself. 
Bonus to going here is that there is plenty of things to do in the area.If you are looking for the full Seinfeld experience, this is it, right down to the loud and mouthy owner's daughter, the lousy service and the tough chewy steak.  Did you know they have no say over what the cow eats??  So, they tell me... Everyone knows that every restaurant worth it's salt has power over it's source of beef - and certainly, how long it is cooked - especially if it is their signature sandwich!  And if it isn't good, everyone knows, don't put it in the sandwich! This isn't rocket science - just good business. I gave mine to a homeless man, but even he looked dubious about eating it - like, oh, another Campos Philly? again?? Better move down the block for better eats.Over priced tourist trap. You can get a better sandwich in any hole in the wall Pizza joint in the tri state area. I love the Campos steaks out at citizens bank park, but was sorely disappointed by this location. Probably the worst sandwich I've had in a long time and the price was ridiculous.So my boyfriend wanted to try a real philly cheese steak, and since we were in town, we went out with some friends to Campo's. Basically, we weren't impressed at all. He said his was okay and he's had much better cheese steak in the DC metro area. I had the vegan steak with everything and it wasn't very good. It was the kind of dish where I start to gag by the end because of the texture of the "meat" (that's what she said?) Also, the girl at the counter was flighty. She seemed to have trouble taking one order and giving change before taking the next. She also gave us the wrong receipt (so wrong order number) and almost forgot about our sodas and we had to wait a few minutes to get them while we had to stand and wait for her to not listen to another customer. I would not return.Douglas K. : ME (not meaning "Maine", just meaning "me").  Reviewing Campo's in Philadelphia (PA).  
Campo's is good for one thing: the Chicken Valentine.  An amazing sandwich: balsamic-vinegared grilled chicken, provolone, grilled onions and red peppers.  I think that's what's on it.  
Only trick is you need it on a seeded roll, and they sell out of those during the day.  
Everyone else is right, there's many other annoying things about Campo's: the chips are in REALLY small bags, expensive drinks, etc.  They once had a place out in SW Phila. (do they still have it?) so they sorta came from the 'hood and they can have a little 'tude in there that comes out in scrimping on the accoutrements.  Making you feel a little like you're putting them out.  Etc. etc. the whole Philly thing. 
But you've gotta have that Chicken Val (seeded roll, remember). 
Seriously, when I bring my jaw-droppingly beautiful girlfriend Ephi B. here in a month it's on my short-list of must-stops.  Just don't bother getting all fired up over anything else on the menu.  I actually just had an italian hoagie here yesterday (they were cleaning their grill) -- it was like they don't know that Sarcone's and Primo's are their competitors.   I was in a hurry and wanted to give them the benefit of the doubt, check it out ... and it was just average.    
BOOM.  Another review finished!  By ME.  
Douglas K.I have to agree with the previous review and say it definitely melts in your mouth. It's a friendly, relaxed and non rushed atmosphere(unlike the rest of them). The only downside is they don't have fries BUT they do have homemade mac&cheese which is out of this world. I thought Tony Lukes was the best, this is slightly better. Gotta try it again just to be sure...and again...and again...I've tried a lot of the famous stops for cheesesteaks. This one will always be my favorite. Nice people, fresh food, and the steak had never disappointed me! If given the choice I'll make the trip to come to this place every time for lunch in Philly.The food here was horrible. The cheese steak was robbery, had no flavor and was full of grizzled. $10.50 went into the garbage. Ordered chiz wiz served with provolone  The mac and cheese tasted gross had a weird flavor. The root beer did not taste like root beer. The grilled chicken was rubbery and no flavor.  We spent well over $50 for food that I wouldnt serve my dog!Dont waste your time or money here. Go down the street to Sonnys you will be much happier!I came here once with my family since it was our first time visiting Philly. There were 5 of us and I explained my order to the cashier/host several times. I even told them what we wanted on each individual sandwich. (On the first sub I want this and this on it. On the second this and this....and so forth.) This should have made the order more accurate. However when we got our subs, they completely messed up on it. They probably got two sandwiches right and the rest they botched up. They forgot to put the cheese on the ones we wanted cheese on! *sigh*. However the cashier/host was very friendly and kind so I'll give them a thumbs up for that.
As for the food itself, it was pretty okay however the portions were small.F'n terrible - food ehh service SUCKS.
My advice - goto the deli and make your own sandwhichI was returning "home" for a visit to Philly after being away for 20 years! My kids and I were touring historic sites for the day. After checking out the "10 Best Cheese steaks in Philly" list, (http://www.visitphilly.com/articles/philadelphia/top-10-spots-for-authentic-philly-cheesesteaks) and wanting my 3 teens to have an authentic Philly experience while in the Historic district, I picked Campos. Location was key!  Across the street from Christ's church - perfect!
We ordered 2 cheese steaks and 2 hoagies.  
All went well until 1) I was asked to pay cash when I knew the website showed credit cards and 2) my son's order was wrong.
I paid in cash but said they needed to fix the website.  I was told that was for online orders.  . 
After we got the sandwiches and discovered the mistake in the order, I took the chicken cheese back up and politely (really..I was polite!) explained that there was some miscommunication. He wanted the steak even though we paid for a chicken. I was told by the young lady at the register that there was nothing she could do.  "There is nothing wrong with the sandwich." I had to pay for another sandwich to get the right one!  So much for great service! 
The Cheesesteaks are delicious however!  Just be sure your order is correct and be prepared to pay cash.I don't think I have ever been more offended by a cheese steak in my entire life. I had high hopes stopping in here; staff seemed friendly enough, I had heard good things, and I really liked the look of the inside. However, none of that can overshadow me having the worst cheese steak ever made. Each and every bite I took had an overload of cartilage to the point that I literally started gagging. I opened it up and through the cheese, I saw about 30% of my cheese steak was fat! A few pieces here and there are understandable and even welcome, but this was just poor quality meat overall. I will never, ever enter this place again.My family and I ate here while in town for the Pope's visit.  We wanted to try an authentic Philly cheesesteak.  What we got was an overpriced tasteless sandwich.  The staff was also very rude.  I do not recommend this place.  It is a tourist trap!I feel like my review isn't completely fair because I'm a vegetarian giving my opinion on a Philly steak restaurant. Reading this, please keep in mind I'm only rating one sandwich.
My husband and I ordered the veggie sub, which was okay but not anything to call home about. 
I don't recall the sub coming with chips or fries.
No space in the restaurant-you'll have to get lucky with a table or take your sandwich elsewhere.Eh. This place is over-rated. Of course, I don't give a shit about cheesesteaks, or famous cheesesteaks. I just like good sandwiches. 
The grilled veggie is alright, and the the eggplant parm is pretty good, though I still think that everything in this joint is over-priced. The sandwiches are also pretty huge - I usually split one with the BF if I can convince him to eat something without bacon on it. If it wasn't so close to the Ritz, and I didn't so love to take my dinner to the movies on cheap Wednesday night, I'd probably never go here. But as the situation stands, it'll suffice.Visiting Philly for the weekend and at the hotel we saw numerous advertisements for this place, which made us nervous to try it. We were visiting around the area and saw the sign for the location and decided to just try it. 
Of course, there was a line out the door and no tables available during typical lunch hours on a Saturday but we persevered and were happy we stayed. We shared a cheesesteak with onions and whiz. It was very good and not super greasy. 
The customer service was excellent and it was cool to see a family place with the family working behind the counter. 
I'm glad we ignored our "they advertise too much" initial opinion and gave it a go.This place is garbage. I went there once (and only once), and asked if I could have a cup of water with my meal. I was told "no." Any place that treats their customers this badly does not deserve my or anyone else's business. I recommend you stay away...We were walking down Market street for a place to eat. I had to use the ladies room urgently so we ran into Campo's Deli. I fully intended to purchase something after. From INSIDE the bathroom I could hear a worker yelling at my two friends who were waiting for me because the bathroom is for paying customers only. Her volume and tone was completely unnecessary. As I walked out of the bathroom I told her that I had sincerely intended to buy something - but due to her rudeness I was no longer interested. She made a few snide remarks as we walked out. I will never step foot in that establishment again. I will discourage anyone contemplating giving them service. I wish I had read some of the reviews below about the unfriendly staff before we walked in.  I would never employ someone with such poor people skills.Love this place. One of my favorite steak places in Philly. I stop by whenever I'm hungry in old city.  Usually I just get a cheesesteak and some of their stuffed peppers or stuffed olives on the side. Little pricey but worth it as an occasional treat.Campo's prides itself on it's Philadelphia flair. The hoagies (not subs) are  large, however the price matches the portions.  What makes the sandwiches great however is the Philadelphia fresh baked bread and the fresh meats used.  I would recommend Campo's if you're in the area and looking for a place for a deli sandwich, but I would and do choose other places for my classic Philly Cheese steak.Move over Jim's, Campo's is now my cheesesteak destination in Philly.
The first time I came to Campo's I had a cheesesteak with whiz and onions.  I thought it was good, but it didn't leave a lasting impression.  The steak seemed more of a "healthy" steak and it wasn't as greasy as I expected as well as not being completely stuffed with steak and onions.
I went to Campo's for the second time the other day and wow..just wow.  I don't know what changed but this was damn good.  I ordered take out opposed to my previous dining in experience.  This time, i succumbed to the "peppers or mushrooms on that?"  I like both peppers and mushrooms, but I always felt that a steak should be eaten with whiz and onlons ONLY.  This time, however, I did give in.
Soon later I definitely did not regret giving in.  The steak was beautiful.  I could already taste it just by looking at it.  Ahh, each bite was fantastic...just as euphoric as the moment I first had a Philly cheesesteak.
As of this moment, Campo's is now my go to place for steaks in Philly.  Thank you for such a fantastic steak.
P.S.  Could you lower the price of the steak down just a tad....that'd be perfect!  Thanks!First, they only accept cash. But there is no sign telling you that, and you are only going to be informed about the cash only policy when you finish the order and prepare to pay. This made the process of my purchase a little bit difficult.
I ordered "The Heater" with steak. It is too spicy that I can not tell the taste of steak and other ingredients. The bread is not good either, and the overall taste of the sandwich is just ok..i grew up with Campo's in Southwest Philly, 3 blocks from both sets of Grandparents on Wheeler Street;  went to West Catholic,  with Owner's Sons.
 The smells and sights of an Italian Grocery Store with the Meats and Cheese hanging from the ceilings was Heaven.
 My Aunt was close to the Family, i, once, saw preparations of large containers of Meatball Mix;  Sauce AND Gravy . Roasts of Pork and Beef waiting for the AuJus that went with them.
 The Hoagies were Killer, hope they still are, because I'm going 'Back'.
 The Church of Our Lady of Lorreto across the street,
 had Feast Day Processions of their Saints, continued into a large block party with Ferris Wheel, catching a  glimpse of The Tower Theater, from the top!
 A  Block Party supplied by Campo's, Mattera's Bakery' Sicilian Tomato Pie, too.
And don't forget the work done by the Fine Women of the Parish, making Mother Cabrini Proud.
Either Church Hall or ' Fare Grounds', Campo's always out did themselves.
It was the biggest Catering Job of the Year. 
Lavish Weddings.  Quiet Funeral Lunches.
Campo's was OUR (i know this guy's place).
I KNOW THIS GUY'S PLACE, Who i Wish Continued Success!This family owned and run business was welcoming, quick, friendly, accommodating and sufficient  and their cheesesteaks are awesome. I love the fact that  nothing is fried and they have healthier side options which are all home made. I'll definitely be returning my next trip to Philly.Not sure what all the hype is about. The sandwiches are below mediocre and overpriced. The young girl behind the counter couldn't be ruder. I'm sorry but if you're in the service industry, you need to get rid of the constant attitude. It's not LeBecFin, sweetheart.
I watched the clerk yell at a bunch of tourists (who didn't speak much English) because they mis-communicated their order. I felt bad for the tourists. The young clerk kept raising her voice to them and rolling her eyes. 
Living in Old City for the past 5 yrs, there are numerous places with better sandwiches and service. I don't recommend Campos.I think the food is better than average but not "award winning" as they , like every other cheesesteak place, claims.  
Also why do these places also seem to be run by grumpy disgruntled folks?  Right next door is another cheesesteak place (whose name escapes me) with equally as average cheesesteakes and an owner who is much more friendly.
When I first moved to Olde City, Campos was my delivery hogie place of choice.  Then one day they said they don't deliver to my area.  Despite my reminding them that I had them deliver to me a mere week ago my pleas fell on deaf ears.
Leave this place to the Market St tourists who don't know any better.Was visiting family and they wanted to try to place. First thing and most important thing to note is that it is Cash Only. They have an ATM on site with a "small" fee to use it.. I think the sign said it was $1.50; which could be much worse. The seating is somewhat limited inside with more tables outside in front of the storefront. The cheesesteak itself was pretty good. I got it with Wiz and Onions. The only thing was that I thought that the cheesesteak was a little small in size and that the onions were a little chunkier than I would have preferred. I wouldn't say that this would be the first place I would look to go get an authentic Philly cheesesteak; but I wouldn't try to avoid it at all costs. It's kind of a middle of the road kind of place that if you are near Penns Landing and looking for a cheesesteak, it's worth consideration; but would not be my first or second choice.This was my first Philly Cheesesteak in the city, and I was impressed! Standing in line I was able to see that all the ingredients were fresh, no pre-cooked meat to be seen. Every bit of my cheesesteak was delicious, and the service was exceptional. I recommend this to anyone who desires a delicious authentic taste of Philadelphia!Horrible service, everyone in there was very rude except for Damon the cook! And the sandwiches weren't even that great! Beware of their rudeness!I had the works. Absolutely delicious. The only problem I had was how they don't take anything except cash and there is no notice on the door. But the good is great!We were told to go here by my BF co-worker instead of the bigger named cheesesteak joints. They were very kind, the girl that waited on us at the front counter insisted her parents made most if not all of the dishes listed. I wanted soo much to love this place (I mean we did walk 1.8 miles from the Franklin Institute to eat here)! Sadly Cappriotti's Cheesesteaks far surpasses the taste and amount on the subs we got here. The macaroni salad was wicked dry and we tossed it after two bites. The canoli's were ok. Though again the little italian place in my hometown makes them better. :( Sorry.The Philly Cheesesteak was pretty good but I thought it was kind of small compared to Geno's and Pat's.(That's the only 2 other places I've been to.)The actual restaurant was a pretty good size but they definitey packed way too many tables & chairs too close together in that place to where you're literally rubbing elbows with the person next to you as you're eating.I could barely enjoy my lunch.We got the Philly Cheesesteak with onions & American cheese and a Grilled Cheese add tomatoes. The Grilled Cheese was really small for the price but it was good.The Cheesesteak too was small,the bread was good but I don't feel they put enough cheese or onions in it.If I came back to Philly I would either try a couple of other new places or go back to Pat's.I definitely wouldn't make a special trip to come back here.I love this place. First of all - take out beer, bitchin! The homemade mac & chee is to die for. But, what really made me love this place is the staff and the environment they create. When I asked the cashier for a recommendation, she told me that her dad makes the meatballs himself and her mom makes something else herself...I just thought that was the cutest thing ever.
Campo's rocks.The Heater. When the homemade cheese meets the meat and the hot sauce a certain kind of magic happens.  Love this place. Great sides, great food, and friendly service.I love Campo's! They give the right balance of flavor in a philly steak.
In Philadelphia, the SEPTA train is kind of the way to get around the city. This place is convenient in that way. It is right outside the 2nd Street Station on the Market-Frankford Line.
These steaks are so good! I don't really like cheese on my steaks, so I just got the steak & onion philly. It was really good. The bread was soft, the steak was really juicy, and the onions were perfectly caramelized.
Every bite of these Phillies are good!