I appreciate the restaurants that still offer a comment card. So here's my response to theirs:
Questions, Comments, Concerns:
I wish I had known about the once free parking lot across the street no longer being free. I got a $26 ticket, *&$#!)@($*^ PPA. Unrelated, I quite like your jukebox.
About You (they mean me):
Name: Well, Monica.
Birthday: December 27th
Favorite Food: Whatever's fresh and cooked for me. Unless it's beets.
Favorite Drink: Sidecar
Favorite Song When Drinking: Major Lazer "Hold the Line"
Favorite Song When Drunk: Only if I can scream it, Hole "Celebrity Skin"
Song that Makes Me Feel Cool While I'm Walking Down the Street: Folk Implosion "Natural One"
Song of My Hangover: "My Alcoholic Friends" Dresden Dolls
Who I Would Like to Meet: A dreamboat I can call my own.
Let me know when pitchers are going to be half-priced and other special events:
Yes.Came for dinner around 7:30 on a Saturday night and were seated fairly quickly inside. Outside seating would have been a 45 min wait. It's pretty dim, but the hanging lights are great. It was also very loud between the music and tables are pretty close together, which made it a little hard to have a conversation. It's definitely a laid back, fun atmosphere. All the serves and hostess were dressed in casual clothes. 
I'm not usually into margaritas so I can't say if it the strawberry margarita was fully up to par, but I liked it. 
We were given chips and two types of salsa to start. The salsas were alright.  The Costillitas-bbq pork ribs- were hands down my favorite part of the meal. Meat came right off the bone, super tender and really delicious with pineapple salsa and a little jalapeno for a sweet and spicy bite.  Enchiladas were good and Cabrito-slow cooked goat- was also very tender and tasted good with the pickled red onions, refried beans and rice.   Tres Leches Creme Brulee was okay, a little lacking in texture.  There is also a vegetarian option for dessert as well. 
Server was on top of everything throughout the night. I would come back for a casual meal or drinks at the bar and play tunes on the jukebox.Food is great and reasonably priced. I usually pay $8 for pork carnitas tacos which are quite filling. The margaritas are EXCELLENT especially the Blood Orange ones. I would recommend going for lunch or during non-peak hours since this restaurant gets really busy and the wait is usually out the door on weekends. Great Mexican food favorite!I love, and hate this place. It's a very toxic relationship.
Their drink list is fabulous! both the mango and blood orange margarita are made perfectly (get a whole pitcher) I think they're just as good as El vez. They also have tecate which is one of my favorite Mexican beers.
The food is always good when I go, spot on guacamole and excellent burritos! But, the servers are SO slow. Avoid Cantina if your very hungry because its quite a wait for your food, but worth it when it comes. Beware- It can get  VERY crowded here, very hipster-ish.Didn't have the food so can't rate it full five, but the guava margarita was superb. The patio was a little breezy haven for an afternoon drink. My friend also loved her nachos. Definitely would return for more margaritas. My Paloma fresca was just ok, though!First, nice things. Happy hour margaritas cannot be beat. Cheap, and they do the trick plus the service has never been anything but awesome. Now my issue is with the food. It stinks, it's too expensive, and it's made myself and countless of my friend sick. 
I guess if you like hanging out on a crowded sidewalk so people can see you while you eat, this place is for you. If you like good mexican food, just go across the street to El Zarape. That place is BANGIN.I moved out to the east coast some months ago and have noticed that the Mexican food is very much not the authentic Mexican food I have been blessed with in the Rocky Mountain region and west coast of the nation. I would say that if you are looking for the authentic Mexican dish, this is not your place and keep going a few blocks up the street on Passyunk to find your more authentic, less aesthetically pleasing set of restaurants. This place is fun and has a fun more American style Mexican food menu.The last time I ate here, I was with my best friend. We wanted to sit outside, but it was too crowded, so they sat us inside. We were the ONLY table inside, and we didn't receive a menu or water or chips for almost 25 minutes. When we finally got these things, we ordered drinks that also took about 20 minutes to arrive. We were pretty annoyed, and then, as we were eating our chips, waiting to order food (still), there was a large chunk of beef in our chips! As a vegetarian, this was a real bummer for me. I had to send the chips back and get new ones. We got our food, it was pretty okay, but the service was so bad, we barely left a tip. I hate doing that, considering I've worked in the industry before, and tips were how I made a living. But I worked really hard to earn it. This is not my first time receiving terrible service here.I never remember anything I order from here (although I never have a bad experience) but OMG the salsa verde. My man and I have been slowly tweaking our homemade formula to match this as closely as possible. Could seriously sit in here and just eat the chips and green salsa, it's soooo good. 
Nice neighborhood bar/restaurant. Frequently very crowded and noisy (so could be a plus or minus, depending on who you are). Solid.These folks won't get our business again. We are new to the neighborhood. Subletting for a month. Called to order take out. On hold for 5 minutes then they hang up on me. So I walked there to place the order.  Told the bartender he hung up on me. "Well, it has been sort of crazy around here". Then a couple minutes later a murmured apology. It took 20 minutes to get the food. OK. Then I looked at the bill. $41 for a burrito, fish tacos and guacamole and chips!  There is a excellent national chain chain where $41 would be 4 dinners. It wasn't $41 good.I love this place! The outdoor seating in the summer makes this the perfect place to enjoy some margaritas outside in the warm weather with friends. Their food is great and me and a friend have come to the conclusion that it's impossible to leave this place without that "food baby" feeling. They also serve a variety of different margaritas such as my favorite flavor, blood orange. They are normally crowded during the weekend but that's to be expected. I've never tried their sister location in Northern Liberties but Cantina is worth checking out!I went on a Thursday night during Passyunk restaurant week. My party of 3 arrived around 7 and was seated right away. Service was good. Complimentary chips and salsa were good. The restaurant week menu food was ok but everyone at the table said they thought their food would be different. The chicken "quesadilla" didn't have any cheese. The crema on the enchiladas was very sour. And all of our desserts were blanketed in powdered sugar, waaay too sweet. We ordered two pitchers of classic margaritas on the rocks. Each pitcher poured about 6 small glasses of margaritas. We all agreed the first pitcher was pretty good, but weak. We all agreed the second pitcher was way too sour, and also weak. I ended up having a sour stomach the rest of the night. The restaurant itself is pretty cool. It's a chill vibe in there, kind of dark and string lights strung across the ceiling. A little too loud for a date and no mirror in the bathroom.This place was great! 
I came here for brunch with a friend, and we had a great time. 
I had a blood orange frozen margarita, and it was delicious. There was such a wide range of options for drinks it took me a while to narrow it down to one. My friend had a pumpkin spiced margarita. I took a sip of hers, and it had cinnamon sugar around the rim. How special is that? So yummy too!
We both had a special item. The Southwestern brisket hash. 
As I'm writing this the next day I'm still stuffed! It was a huge portion, and everything about this dish was so right. The potatoes, the brisket, the black beans, the peppers and onion, and the two fried eggs on top... Um, words can not explain how delicious this was. I was in heaven! 
My friend also ordered a pumpkin cheesecake, and I had a bite of that. It was a little on the small side, but very rich. You will not be disappointed. It was sitting in a bath of either condensed sweetened milk or egg nog. We couldn't decide and didn't care because it we delicious! 
I had a very nice time here, and I can't wait to go back in warmer weather so I can sip frozen margaritas outside. Yes, there's epic outdoor seating. 
Some other highlights include clean bathrooms, multi-color lights on the ceilings, amazing artwork on the walls (check out the mermaid on the women's bathroom door ;)), free chips and salsas (green and red), and friendly staff. 
A perfect place to show off South Philly.Super duper yummy; cool interior with juke box and diverse crowd. Very nice service.I've been to Cantina probably half a dozen times.  I've walked out of Cantina blackout drunk only twice so that's a good thing, right?  Man, summer days sitting on their patio with pitchers of margaritas with chips and guacamole...does life get better?  Add in some hot chicks and I'm like a kid on Christmas morning.
Seriously, Cantina is one of my favorite spots in South Philly.  I've tried a number of menu items and each is quite good.  They generally have food specials so it can be fairly economical so long as you're not pounding pitchers of top shelf margaritas.
Service has always been great.  In fact a couple weeks ago I went up there with a buddy.  We sat at a high table close to the bar, had a few rounds and dinner.  Towards the end of dinner an intoxicated group (it was before 10pm...total amateur hour crapshow) comes into the bar area and kept bumping into us...yeah it's annoying but I''ve done plenty worse when drunk.  Waiter recognizes what's going on and tries to smooth it over by offering me and my buddy a shot on the house.  What a cool guy.  Wasn't his fault but hey it was a nice gesture and I'll always be a fan of Cantina.Saturday night eats with friends. Around 8pm there was no wait for the four of us to sit inside. Mostly full outside though. When the weather turns chilly, I imagine there will be a wait. Extremely loud inside - but if you don't mind noise, this is a great place.
Chips and salsa are great. Chips are a tad salty but that's how I like them. Served with two salsas - traditional and salsa verde. We shared a pitcher of regular margaritas, awesome. I also tried the kiwi margarita which was really strong but good.
The food is plentiful. Burritos are huge. Overall good selection including typical fare and salads. Nice amount of specials including ceviche.Awesome place, great atmosphere with the indoor/outdoor dining- didnt eat here but the food looked great as it walked by- amazing tequila selection with tequila flights available... had the Blood Orange frozen margarita and it was slammin!The vegan food options are pretty good, I really like the tofu taco. The margaritas are also out of this world. However, I give this place only three stars because of the atmosphere. It might as well be a night club. Want to have dinner on a weekend evening? Forget it! The place is packed with suburbanites acting all Jersey-shore and they even have a bouncer! Seriously, it's not worth the effort to even attempt to go in. I do really enjoy the vegan food they have, but when I go I try to go early on a weeknight to avoid being trampled by Snookie and The Situation.Cantina serves my favorite margaritas in the city. I normally don't even like margaritas, I'm just not a mixed drink kind of person, but these are really really great. Not too sweet. Not too expensive. It's hard for me to leave here NOT totally wasted. At the end of the night I will inevitably feel like I could go for one more drink, and someone else at my table will agree and then we'll say "We might as well get another pitcher then." And it's all downhill from there...
I love the location, I love the atmosphere, the servers are great.
I'm not that crazy about the food. The meat is just really dry. Eh, the nachos are aight, the corn on the cob's good. But really, I'm just there for the margaritas.I'm so disappointed on how this place went down hill!  My husband and I would go every Saturday night, it was our spot. It was fabulous and loved all the servers!! Now not so much!! The food was always delicious and again now not so much!  It's just slop anymore, they used to have really different flavors and moles now it's terrible.  I really don't know what else to say except that I will never return againLos Caballitos is a great place for outdoor dining. They are incredibly dog friendly.
But the food is really not very good. I'm really surprised by the number of people who say this is "the best" Mexican food. It's not. El Vez and Lolita are far better. There's absolutely no comparison to be made.
In general, the biggest issue is just a lack of flavor. Sometimes it's too salty, but usually, it's just bland.
I can't really speak for the drinks, because I don't drink.
This place is an anchor in the neighborhood, so I hate to give it a bad review. But the food is really mediocre.Great place.  The food is always good, the Guacamole is great, margaritas are strong.  Did i mention the Margaritas????
hahaha.  A big favorite of mine when ever I can get down to PassyunkCame back after a year or so and had a really great experience. They've added shade for their outdoor seating area, as well as paved the ground, which is a huge improvement. The mojitos, as usual were on point. Ordered a mixta salad with steak which was AMAZING. My counterpart ordered fajitas which were awesome (although a bit on the pricy side). Our server was awesome (wish I got her name) - she even bought us a round of drinks. Definitely changed my thoughts about this place from meh to great!Would recommend this spot to anyone. The food was incredable and affordable. Treatment was awesome from our amazing server who said she had just started working there and out of World drinks. Kudos to a great spot and definitely will go back.The Cantina is one of the more popular places in Passyunk Square. It has a hipster atmosphere to it and has a nice outside seating area for days with nice weather. On the inside is a little darker, nice for dinner but not for late night drinking as the atmosphere makes you more tired. They have many different flavored margaritas. All the ones I have tried have been very good; strawberry, pineapple and mango. I have also had the Bloody Marys here which are a little pricey but decent Bloody Marys. 
The chips and salsa here are delicious here. They give you 2 different types of salsa - a classic tomato one and a verde. The burritos are some of the best I have had in Philly. They are huge and will stuff you. My personal favorite is the steak and the run about $9 - $12. The tacos are decent too but the best value are the burritos. I also think this Cantina is better than the one in Northern Liberties.i've been at cantina honestly more times than i can count over the years. the margaritas were always sub-par, the food was never outrageous and the service has always been awful. recently i went with a group of friends for brunch on a sunday and we had WORST service i've ever had, i believe her name was evelyn. we had ordered drinks, and my friend didn't have her ID on her, which is fine, i get it- but the waitress made some snarky ass rude comment to her that was super uncalled for. if you have the time- take the extra trip and go to cantina dos segundos, the food is better, and the service is great.Cheap Good Mexican Food and Margaritas! 
Definitely try the Blood Orange Margaritas, Sea Bass Tacos, and Tilapia Empanadas!Went here for brunch on Sunday.  It's very similar to it's sister site, Dos Segundos in NoLibs.
We sat outside in the shade and were promptly served with waters.  The chips and salsa (two kinds) were delightful as we waited for our meals.
We shared the fried plantains with cheese and cream and they were absolutely delicious!  They came out so fast we wondered if they had given us someone else's order.  
We snacked on more chips.  He got the regular burrito with chorizo and subbed more rice for the black beans.  I got the breakfast burrito with the veg chorizo.  They were huge and filling.  Veg meat always freaks me out because, hey, what if they accidentally use the real thing?  Then again, what would really happen?  There wasn't much veg chorizo but what was there was spicy and good.  The breakfast potatoes on the side were just too oily to take me away from the monster of a burrito on my plate.
The only part that peeved me was the $3 upcharge for replacing the beans with rice.  1) We weren't told that it would cost us and 2) really?!
Total damage was something like $33+tip.  Delightful breakfast on a lovely day.The best Mexican food in the city hands down, the drinks are good an at a reasonable price so if you are in the area please stop in an check them out..Service was extremely slow and drinks were overpriced (about $11 for a shot of tequila). Not sure if it's because we ordered a lot of drinks but the server rarely came back for us to order more drinks and the bartender at the bar said she wasn't able to take our drink orders either. We were there for a couple hours during which a lot of waiting was involved.
We ordered the chicken nachos which came with two different salsas. They were a good size and tasted okay.Amazing place. Kitchen is open late (until 1am). We were recommended this restaurant by a friend. Heard phenomenal reviews from friends about the burritos and tacos. I went with the tortilla salad and it was delicious. Thank you to the Yelp recommender. 
The waiter was great. I ordered the La Apasionada and didn't realize it was made with habenero. Needless to say, it wasn't a pleasant experience. The waiter understood and offered to switch out my drink-definitely a first for me.  
All in all, I definitely plan on coming back. Btw: the music is solid. It's enough not to distract u from conversations your date.Really, really love the selection of food and drink here. Coupled with the friendly staff (Anthony was super nice during the pub crawl), the overall experience was great. The two salas (verde and rojo) are spot on with original flavor and have enough kick to keep dipping for more. We ordered the burritos (mine chorizo) and was insane. The size and the amount of ingredients in each burrito was ample enough for a small village. Overall great experience, I just wish their happy hour was pushed one hour up!I am a brunch fan of this place! Specials are always different and sound awesome. (Mexican Hot Dog, Gazpacho)  I did order the Huevos Rancheros. Amazing! The enchilada sauce on the eggs was delicious. I love that they offer vegetarian beans in place of the refried beans. There's so many other veggie and vegan friendly items on the menu too.
A guava mojito and blood orange mojito just put it over the top!Authentic? Nope.  Delicious? Not even close. Rude staff? For sure. Terrible clientele? OMFG yes! 
This is the kind of place you go to be cool, not the kind of place you go to have a good meal. Food is mediocre and over priced. Service is slow and disorganized, not to mention rude as all hell. While I recognize that everyone's tastes are different, if someone tells you this place is great (or even good) they are kidding themselves.
To be fair, drinks are pretty good. Brunch is decent too. All in all, this place is a blight on the neighborhood. The owners have a few other places that are worlds better. Cantina has passed its prime, get some new staff, and truly revisit the food.So being from California I am a stickler for some good Mexican food.  I grew up eating authentic Mexican dishes, at home, at least 3 nights a week.  That being said I usually don't love the big Mexican restaurants that mass produce my favorite food, but I do enjoy this place.  The Cantina is a place I like to frequent.  I really enjoy their burritos, they are huge...just like they should be.  The service is always good, no complaints.  I tend to go there when I just can't handle being at the pope.  The decor inside is super cute and if you want a Margarita, try the strawberry its on point!This is where you go for amazing Margaritas, great food and laid back atmosphere. The best part of all is the Tres Leches cake! Literally melt in your mouth, sweet and fantastic. We ended up ordering 3 because the first 2 went so fast. I also liked the creme brulee and for chocolate lovers definitely try the brownie cake!
O, they also have food. Awesome Mexican food. Everything is savory, cheesey, and delicious. The guac is also fantastic, with the perfectly accompanied salty tortilla chips.
In summary, come here with friends for Margaritas (1+ pitchers), chips & guac, some sort of entree, and top it off with Tres Leches cake.
Enjoy!Stopped by this popular place based on the constant traffic alone, place always seems busy. It was on Saturday night around 7 so no complaints on the brief wait for seating or slightly congested service. The chips and salsa and plenty of water before our meals came was a pleasant touch. She ordered the fish taco's and I went with the chicken quesadilla, both were well cooked and seasoned. I will definitely be back.Holy Moses this place was good...  We came here with friends we were staying with, who live in Philly and come here often, and it didn't disappoint.  There was some sort of street fair that Saturday, and because the streets were closed, we were allowed to bring a pitcher of Guava margaritas outside with us and enjoy it on the street (more specifically, sitting on the wall across the street).  It was very very good, and while we were waiting, we had a great time people watching and enjoying the last of the sunshine.
We were eventually seated and enjoyed the chips and salsa, an order of nachos (amazing), and another pitcher of margarita - this time, Blood Orange.  OMG - so good.  I ordered the Carnitas Tacos, which were filling and lasted me through the next day, and my boyfriend ordered the Goat Burrito.  I tried this item, and while it was good, I'm not sure I would have been able to eat the whole thing, had it been mine.  Goat is very gamey and rich in flavor, and my boyfriend ended up taking more than half of this giant burrito home with him, and finishing it a couple of days later.
The third margarita we tried (pitcher, again) was the Prickly Pear, which was also very good, but by that point, we were three sheets to the wind, and may not have been able to taste it effectively.  My table also ordered the Rebs vs. Frogs Tequila flight, and while I didn't have any of this, the boys seemed to enjoy it.
I would absolutely go back to the Cantina, and maybe not get an appetizer next time.They never disappoint. All of it travels well, even if you're 10 blocks away. I order from here at my friends house and my own when we meet weekly. The food always arrives nice and hot and none of the deep fried stuff is sought or too oily.
The fan is the best flan I've ever had. Sometimes we stop by just to pickup flan! I've never had any complaints about this place and recommend it to everyone I know. 
This is one of very few restaurants my vegetarian and vegan friends will order from.I visited the restaurant yesterday for a late lunch after an acupuncture appointment. The patio had several tables filled with the beautiful weather...probably 9 or 10 filled. However, as a former server with 16+ years of experience, I have to say I was EXTREMELY disappointed. From what I could tell, there were 3 servers & 1 busboy?? The 3 girls serving looked like they were hating being there. Even the brief smile my server gave me was gone the minute she walked away. I was there for just over an hour - for one person ordering avocado soup & 3 chicken tacos & one margarita, that just seems ridiculous. It took at least 15 minutes before I received my drink. I was never even offered chips/salsa - only got them after I asked the "busboy" for them. BTW, HE was fantastic & he kept busy helping other tables. If he was a server in training, the girls working as servers could've taken an example from him. I noticed that several other tables were unhappy. 3 tables were conversing about how long it had taken to get their drinks - or to even get the attention of a server. One of those tables had a young baby. They were seated before me, but got their food well after I did. This was definitely a disappointment.I went here with a group of friends, and it was perfect for that. Frozen margaritas were obviously a fantastic idea, especially because it was super hot and we were seated outside (which I liked a lot, actually.) I got a quesadilla, which was delicious, my boyfriend got a burrito which was HUGGEEEE, and another couple at the table split nachos which were super yummy. It's affordable, casual, and a great place to just hang out. Also, my friend was obsessed with the one waitress's knee tattoo (go, and you'll be able to pick out the waitress, if she is there.) The only real negative was that the waitress disappeared for like an hour and a half. Granted, we were just hanging out, but we could have used water refills and eventually had to flag someone down for the check. But otherwise, I was pleasantly surprised. It's definitely not a fancy place, but for a nice hanging out with a group, it's fantastic.I absolutely love the Cantina. You really can't go wrong with their menu, and they always have lots of tasty specials. I've never had anything there I didn't like, but I'm especially in love with their vegan fajitas- the smoked tofu is crazy good. They also have the best margaritas in town, and they come in lots of delicious flavors, created with fruit purees rather than artificial flavorings. It's a very popular spot and it does get crowded and loud sometimes, but it's a bar. That's what bars do. No complaints here!My girlfriend and I came here to celebrate her promotion last week and man was it good. After looking over the menu the goat burrito really caught my attention. I'd never had goat before and since I consider myself somewhat of a foodie I figured I'd better get on the goat train and add it to my list. 
It was delicious. The meat was tender and juicy but most importantly it blended with the other ingredients in the burrito perfectly. I'm not saying that I'll be looking for goat on other menus but on that night it was great. The waitress was super nice, and as much as II hate trying to park in South Philly I will definitely be back to drink, the atmosphere was a lot fun.Ahhhh cantina... The land of delicious food and drink, and the worst service philadelphia has to offer. South Philly 'attitude' is expected at some Places... But this place is ridiculous. 
We waited 20 minutes to be seated, not that busy, and the hostess rudely asks 'if she can help us.' We obviously reply table for two and say we've been waiting in an averagely filled restaurant for 20 minutes. Her response was some horribly rude excuse about speaking to her manager. 
Once again delicious food here, but the wait staff and front of the house management (or pure LACK thereof) certainly leaves room to be desired.Cantina knows what's up! It's a trendy spot down in south philly with great margs and delicious food. I've been around the block and I can say that I think this eatery has the best deals when it comes to happy hour. When it comes to pitchers, it's important to remember they'll only allow one per every two customers. So if you have an odd number in your party 3 people will have to share one pitcher. Not the end of the world, just don't get there right at the end of happy hour. 
I love coming here in the summer and sitting on the patio it's good vibes all night.Not much has changed since my last review - and that is a good thing.  I still order the burritos - for brunch or dinner - and the margaritas and bloody mary's are still killer. I could just sit and drink a pitcher of the green salsa.  So great - should be a stop on any Philly food tour.Delicious margaritas (blood orange, yesss), a TON of outdoor seating, great location, awesome food (fish tacos) & 10,000 beards.
I came here last weekend with a table of 10, late on a Sunday night.  Our server was such a gem.  He was so patient with us, quick to refill beverages, chips & salsa, and just a nice guy.
There are better and cheaper tacos and other Mexican fare to be found close by  but Cantina is still delicious, fun and you just can't beat sitting outside with a margarita on a nice night.Horrible. Too loud. Drunk idiots. Poor food. Neglectful service.Only been here twice, but I know I'll soon become a regular. The food is fresh and tasty. The prices aren't super cheap, but they're not outrageous either. I had a burrito, my girlfriend had some quesadillas, both were fantastic. The chips and salsa are great on their own, and the guacamole was good too. The decor is very cool too; simple and fun. This is a very relaxed environment; good for all occasions: brunch, lunch, drinks w/ friends, and dinner either as a group or a relatively cheap date. Go, and you won't regret it.Love the outdoor patio and margaritas are amazing! Chips and salsa are great. Wide variety of margaritas from simple to specialized that are delicious and not over-priced. Great outdoor space for post-sunset summer!Not-so-good:
People smoking outside gets annoying
Can get pricey
Good:
The BBQ seitan tacos are AWESOME!
The seitan/tofu fajita platter is terrific as well!
Servers are friendly and very knowledgeable about vegetarian/vegan options
Free/unlimited chips and salsa!Excellent quac, salsa and chips. House margarita is decent. Food above average depending what you order (salad good, lots of veggie & vegan options but tacos are triple layer tortillas & not enough filling). 
I highly recommend NOT sitting in the main indoor dining area. Extremely loud - so loud you will have problems hearing the person sitting across from you. Even if it's not crowded, the music is deafening-the acoustics are freaking horrendous & service is spotty. 
Sit on the patio in nice weather or in the bar unless you like shouting at your date.cantina, cantina, cantina....
how do i love thee? let me count the ways...
Ok, first things first...BLOOD ORANGE MARGARITAS. amazeballs. get a pitcher on the rocks. Then, get yourself an order of the Alas de Pollo. They are full of flava and come with the best freakin' dipping sauce in the world. I've begged (maybe even bribed) many a waitress for this recipe, but they won't give it away! Chips & salsa come standard @ the table, but do yourself another favor and get some guac. I've never been disappointed with any of the entrees. They are pretty big portions, though. The burritos are HUGE! 
If you do go on a weekend night, it's gonna be crowded so prepare yourself for a wait. Try and get a spot at the bar in the back near the jukebox to entertain yourself. All in all, its a good time at Cantina.O, the Dreamsicle! You are so white inside and so orange outside. I love your hip hip ways. Tempt me with your chicken nachos, and ply me with the happiest of hours. How can I separate the fact from fiction? Your food is Mexicannot in the most American way possible, yet still I dine. Why do the others heap scorn upon your young? I am hipster, hear me pour.Yelp, I can't do anything without consulting you first... I think this is turning into a major problem, because I almost didn't try Cantina Los Caballitos because it only had 2 stars out of 8 reviews! But you know what, I am so glad I went.
My food was delicious. My friends' food was delicious.  I had the stuffed avocado salad.  Super yummy and fresh! Another friend had the nachos- gigantic and delicious (this is a plate of nachos that is meant to be shared- and since it's $9 you'll want to share it).  My other friend had something... but he ate it so fast, I can't even tell you what it was (but I'll assume it was delicious). 
Also, I feel like a complete and total alcoholic because all day today I've just been thinking, "mmmm... i want another blood orange margarita... mmmm... yummy..." and then I follow that thought with a, "mmm... margarita..."  My friend prefers the city bike margarita, but seriously, folks, I would suggest that everyone order the blood orange margarita, on the rocks, with a salt rim. 
The service was good.  The atmosphere was nice and relaxed.  The one problem I have with the place comes with the jukebox.  I understand that Cantina is owned by the same people who bring us the Khyber and Royal Tavern, but if you're going to open a Mexican restaurant, maybe you shouldn't play an entire Led Zeppelin  album during dinner time on a Saturday night? I don't know, that seemed a little silly.Guacamole was great.  Chk tacos seemed bland to me. Sat at bar and service was great. Overall I had a nice timeThis was a nice place in south philly for brunch. I feel like it would have been better had I not gotten brunch and gotten a lunch item instead. I ordered the mexicana rancheras which was essentially about 7 eggs mixed with peppers and onions, black beans, pico and white rice. The rice was bland but they give you sauces to help with that. It came with 3 corn tortillas. I feel like either the portion needs to come down with the eggs or they need to give more tortillas. Either way the portion was huge! Again the sauce helped with the overall taste of the dish otherwise it was fairly bland.
The blood orange margarita was delicious! The drink menu looked great but only had one of those before leaving.I was here on a slow night so I didn't have to deal with the crowds.  I've lived in Mexico & on the West Coast where the Mexican food is the best and I can honestly recommend this place.  I love the fact that they have vegetarian &  Vegan choices.Came here Friday night for drinks and dinner. The service at the bar was very fast and our drinks were really good. The service getting our table was pretty slow but they were crowded so it was fine. Over all the food was good and margaritas were great! I'd recommend. Photos below are the special vegan Bowl and Shrimp Tacos.Very cool decor and ambiance (although it's a bit dark inside). Not the best Mexican food I've had. However.... the guacamole is very good! Although the portion is kind of small, it was very fresh! My mahi mahi burrito was too much tortilla and not enough filling. The mahi mahi was also not super fresh- tasted fishier than mahi mahi that I normally order elsewhere. The guava mimosa was delicious and unique- I thoroughly enjoyed it! The complimentary chips and salsa were a pleasant surprise (the salsa verde was so good!) 
I would definitely not go out of my way for Los Caballitos. We were in the area and were recommended to come here for dinner. It was enjoyable and overall a good dinner.Met a few friends here for after work drinks. I had been here before for dinner and found it loud and crowded, but happy hour was a welcome change. They have outdoor seating, which was perfect for the day's weather. We were seated promptly, allowed to move into the sun more, and our waitress was very accommodating to our needs. We got a few margaritas then decided to indulge in the happy hour specials- $15 pitchers of margaritas- which were so good- not too sweet, not to sour! The food offered many options for our diverse crowd- things that weren't too spicy, a vegan, a vegetarian option, and someone looking for a light salad. We were pleased with the service, but I unfortunately forget the girl's name. We will be back soon to enjoy some more margaritas in the sun.Liked this place a lot! Has an excellent slow cooked pork dish and a squash type soup that was very good! Definitely like the vibe and hustle and bustle. Good service on top of good food makes for a nice night out!We walked past this place on a Saturday evening. We walked inside and the place was pretty full of people. The place is a bit dark but don't mind that. We sat a table near the bar, the bartender was our waiter and I can't complain about his service at all. 
We ordered a few different frozen margaritas, all tasted good. I believe they were about $7.00 each which isn't that bad. I also ordered a steak burrito ($13.00). I wasn't that pleased with it for being a Mexican restaurant. The rice didn't taste that fresh and it was a bit messy to eat.
The interior design of the place was nice for the most part, they had candles on the tables, lights around the ceilings. There's a restaurant part in the room next to the bar as well. I don't think I would come here again to eat but would drink here next time I'm in the area. 
The bartender ended up giving us a free drink which was surprisingly nice of him, he was very social and checked on our table about four times. The crowd here was mixed but I would say on average people in their early 30s.After a long Friday night I always look foward to brunch at Cantina. Their brunch on a warm Saturday morning drowned in a blissful combo of margaritas and mojitos is absolutely perfect.Not too impressed with this place. The tuna ceviche was to die for though!! Guacamole was very fresh and brussels sprouts were also great. We also ordered the wings and a platter that came with rice, salsa, chicken mole, and steak. The steak was completely inedible, it was so over cooked I couldn't even bite a piece off. To make matters worse, when our server came to clear the table she saw our practically untouched plate of the steak and said would you like it boxed? We replied no, and said it was really bad. She didn't ask any questions and just took it to the back. Personally, I thought this was rude and unprofessional.One of my fav mexican joints with great outdoor seating. And a lot of beards. And beers. 
My usual/recommendation:
Steak caesar salad
Chorizo burrito
Blood orange margarita(s)
Side note:
I'm not a salsa girl and usually just eat plain chips. Cantina has awesome verde sauce. That shit is banging. I put it on everything. I bogart the little salsa dish. I contemplate bringing a tupperware to pour the leftovers into.
The Cantina provides great people watching too. I esp enjoy the stout spark plug of a man that works the bar. He's one of those good looking guys that knows how good looking he is and looks at you like, "yeah look at my pecs, you like that?" Yes. Yes I do.Food is lacking but the drinks make it worth three stars. Try a Mexican car wreck or a guava margarita.Didn't have the pleasure of eating here but the people ordering food around us seemed to be happy. I went here with coworkers for a couple of drinks. The beer selection is good. They have a nice selection of IPAs which is my choice genre of beer. My coworkers enjoyed their margaritas. The crowd, much like most of the South Philly bar scene, are the hipster- artistic type who I really appreciate the most of all bar crowds. Overall a good bar, good people, good drinks...
Good times.I ended up at Cantina for a birthday dinner with friends. We were told we could not be seated until our whole party arrived (annoying) so we ended up waiting a bit for a table.  At this point I was starving and a big crabby as a result of my hunger pangs. Luckily this place has Free Chips and Salsa and they do a great job of bringing re-fills of chips and salsa. Unfortunately that's the best part about this place... it's somewhat necessary to fill up on chips and salsa because the service is absolutely horrible.
Four different people helped us with drink orders, food orders, served us the food, got us refills, and brought our check. I hate not knowing who our actual server is and it annoys me when no one wants to help us because they're not "our" server. The staff was rude and really did not look like they knew what they were doing. The food took forever to arrive and it was a steady, but not crazy, Thursday evening. 
The food was average. The burritos could feed a family of 4 and the nachos are huge as well. I recommend splitting stuff here as the portions are huge (especially after you fill up on chips and salsa and margaritas).
I wouldn't recommend this place and will be sticking with my usual Mexican spot.I was actually surprised at how good the food was. I haven't had good nachos in a long time. 
The service is lacking though. The waitstaff is downright rude. The only nice person was the bartender. The setup was a bit confusing. It was lunch and we were all lined up like we were in grade school again. There was no sign of a host. Finally the guy who ended up being our waiter showed up. After saying I rather not be seated at the bar they flat out said no,you're going to be. I had to give my order and drink order to the bartender. I figured this out on my own. Not from the waiter. The bartender, like I said, was very nice and charming. He ended up leaving during our meal so he missed out on his tip. I'm sure he didn't get his share of it from the waiter.
Is this going to stop me from going again? No. 
I'm just hoping I got them on a bad night.The "Quesadilla Vegetariana" is hands-down the best quesadilla I've ever had. I usually don't care for Mexican food, but I loved this. Add the $10 pitcher special on happy hour Margaritas, and you've got yourself a winner!1) by far THE worst playlist you'll hear in all of Philadelphia.
2) I'm confused: a "Mexican" place with Asian fusion Ceviche and Salmon Pescado with Seaweed salad on top?  ...okay...  This is NOT doing it for me, won't be back.
Restaurant Quest #51I've been going here for years and years - it WAS a good spot. We recently went and had such an odd experience, not sure we will be back. The server took the order wrong and then brought it out; wrong. Normally, we might have just dismissed it but it was allergy-related. The waitress then went MIA the entire meal, I had to ask a hostess to please grab her and she looked at me and said something along the lines of "this is annoying" - really? I understand they're busy and it's guac season right now, but not needed. A couple of other things happened as well but it did not seem like there was a manager in sight. Plenty of other new spots in the area to go to moving forward.The only reason I'm giving Cantina Los Caballitos two stars is because occasionally they make a good stop in my neighborhood to have a margarita with some chips and salsa.  That said, I've completely sworn off of eating here.  The service is terrible - both times I was here in the last three months our server wandered off for long stretches (10, 15 minutes at a time), not just attending to other tables but nowhere to be seen.  Both times we waited for over thirty minutes after ordering before asking for our food.  And as someone who often eats vegetarian/pescetarian when ingredients aren't accounted for, I've never had a satisfying meal here.  The brick of melted cheese in the Quesadilla Vegetariana almost overwhelmed the taste of what clearly seemed to be mushrooms from a can, and the vegetable tacos are bland in stale tortillas.  There are so many good restaurants in Passyunk Square - this is a pass!4 stars for the margs, 3 stars for the food (so really 3.5 stars--but I gave them the benefit of the doubt for service and outdoor seating). Great spot for bringing large groups: always crowded, never packed. Outdoor seating provides a great view of east passyunk. The green salsa that comes w/ their tortilla chips is awesome. Get the original or guava margarita. 
Don't come here if you're looking for authentic Mexican fare.This E. Passyunk spot has a lot to offer.  The chips and salsa are very tasty, made in house from what I can tell.  They give a red and a green salsa to try... lacking on the heat but there needs to be wide appeal.
Seating is quite cramped.  When sitting down next to a couple on the first date I felt like my wife and I were on a double date... and it wasn't going smoothly.   I can see how this could be a cool experience if you end up next to a couple or small group who adds to the experience but I also see how this can turn awkward in a hurry,
Staff did their best but they seemed understaffed for the evening.  Everyone was rushing around and trying to keep up but to no avail. 
The food tasted good and that was our main draw... our friends really liked this place but overall I don't think it lived up to its hype.  Now that our expectations have been reigned in... we will be back at some point.Awesome, just awesome.  My girlfriend took me there for my birthday this year and between the food and beer selections, I hope she takes me there next year.  She had the fish taco's which were made from Tilapia and I had some sort of steak that would have been about two feet long if it was unrolled - no joke.  Make sure that you don't pig out on the chips before you're appetizers and en trees come out!
The atmosphere was amazing.  If you've ever been to Disney World and ate at one of the country's restaurants in Epcot (i.e., Mexico, Germany, Italy, etc.), one thing that makes them great is how well it's decorated and how much it resembles the country.  Cantina's got it down when it comes to the atmosphere and our server was extremely cool with menu suggestions.fantastic margarita ,good food, also very great place for hang out with friends and family ..Food is good but CUSTOMER BEWARE!! Furniture outside is not maintained chair broke!!! Water fell / rolled off tent onto the back of another customer. Such a shame since food is good. Sitting inside is too loud so I personally prefer outside but seriously won't be going back there. There are too many other places that have equal quality food but are much safer and better management of their premise.We were very pleased to find out that not only were they open for lunch (several restaurants on East P are not) and they serve Brunch every day.  Woohoo!  The poached eggs over that tasty cornbread hit the spot.  The service was exceedingly friendly and an overall pleasurable experience hitting all the right notes of tasty noms, great service and something more than ordinary.Sooo I absolutely LOVE Mexican food and I was so hyped to try a new place. I refuse to believe that there are only TWO good Mexican restaurants in Philly! So I decided to venture out and try a new spot. First, I had a watermelon margarita and it was just ok. I should have just gotten mango... Anywayz, they bring out the table nachos and they are cold and stale. Yuck! Next, I order my entree and it was also underwhelming. Unfortunately, this place was not impressive and I will not be returning.Great Carne Asada, but everything has gotten salty lately... Great margaritas and open space in summer.Went here on a whim about to Sundays ago. Boyfriend and I got there earlier than our friends so when we asked for a table of four, the hostess seemed like she didn't want to seat us yet and preferred us to wait at the bar --not a big deal but it was pretty empty in there so why couldn't we just get a table..?
Anyway we ordered some drinks which were great! Chips and salsa were ok-not fantastic but definitely edible. And then our friends arrived. I had chicken tacos, boyfriend had some wings and beef tacos. Our friends had a wing platter and some burritos. My chicken was dry for my taste so I smothered it with sour cream and guacamole in order to eat it. Wings were passable-nothing spectacular. Burritos were moderate size and our friends enjoyed their order. 
In regards to best tacos? Probably not. Good enough for us to walk a few blocks down the street and get some drinks in where the taste of food doesn't matter.With all of the great Mexican taquerias,  this is not the place to go for the food, but you can't beat the fun vibe and the great assortment of margaritas.Didn't know what to expect...  I read some of the mixed reviews.  But the place is constantly packed with a young hipster crew and it's on the block that I just moved to, so I had to try it.  As a first impression I was fairly impressed.  Free chips with good medium spiced salsa and good guac to start.  A poor bottle list, but I tried the potable Red Pig Ale which was suprisingly potable.  (I also noticed the $2 PBRs cans so I was happy.  I like a close option for cheap beers if necessary.)  Later noticed the draft list which was small but impressive (Avery IPA, etc.)  We ordered specials, the brisket taco and my girlfriend got tilapia tacos.  Her's looked great and she really enjoyed it.  Mine was sub-par.  The brisket sauce was tasty though the meat was chewy/not cooked enough.  However, as others here have complainedm I simply got brisket and sauerkraut in a softshell tortills with some limes on the side.  Pretty odd.  I was expecting some veggies...  Anyway, it wasn't too horrible...  Service was pretty smooth and friendly.  The area was pretty packed and loud on a Monday night after 10PM which was impressive.  Honestly, I liked the feel of the place.  Will definitely go back and try more beer and food.I like this place. Goat meat is very difficult to do right, and the goat burritos and tacos here are amazing! I have tried other things, too, and have been happy -- the chicken wings, the ribs, and the brunch here is good, too. Try the huevos rancheros! 
A major plus is their BOOZE. The frozen margaritas -- blood orange, passionfruit, guava, etc -- are delicious. (The only time I had a problem with them not putting enough alcohol in them was when I got the discounted happy hour pitcher.) Flights of tequila are good, too -- nice way to try and learn about tequilas. It's quite educational. 
Despite the fact that this place screams "hipster" (which you'd think would imply aloof service,) I really haven't had a single bad experience with the servers.We had a great experience eating at the bar. This is the sister restaurant to Cantina Dos Segundos in Northern Liberties. We love the vegan fajitas and the bottomless bowls of chips and salsa!Margaritas = 5 Stars
Normal Food Menu = 3 Stars
Daily Food Specials = 3.5 Stars
Atmosphere = 5 Stars
Tecate + Tequila Shot for $4 = One Bajillion Stars
The food is good, but not amazing. The margaritas on the other hand, are amazing. The Tecate Special (with the shot of Tequila for $4) is pretty amazing, even though it usually ends in a bad night for me, so I've been trying to avoid it. Free chips and salsa too by the way.Stopped by here for drinks after dinner. Our bartender was not friendly at all, and might even qualify as mean. I get the hipster thing, really I do, but he was devoid of personality entirely. Not sure how this type of person gets a job in the service industry.
Anyway, our drinks were cold and weak. Seriously, it's an alcohol bar -- not a juice bar. Throw some booze in there next time.
We're still going to try the food someday, but we'll stick to water with the meal and get our drinks at POPE.had a few drinks here with some friends. We were pretty drunk at this point. So can't really remember all that much. But we did have a great time. :-) They had awesome pricing on margaritas. We got pitchers of that stuff. I'll be back.I've been multiple times and I can say that it's always been consistently good.  Whether I'm sitting outside on the sidewalk.. in the bar area or the restaurant proper.....it's a hipster-run cantina.
The Margaritas are fresh and flowing....the happy hour is the way to go...
I love the tacos - pork carnitas were over the top.  There are many taco meats to choose from....
The salsa and chips hit the spot!  Yes to this place!We were seated at a table for 20 minutes and they still had not even brought us waters. When I informed the staff they did not apologize or make any effort to do anything. We left. I know they are busy but that is rude. I used to love this place, now I'll go elsewhere.My friend and I had a craving for Mexican last night for our girls date and she suggested this place, said that their margaritas were "bangin". So I decided to give it a try. It's very hard to go wrong with Mexican food and margaritas. 
The atmosphere left a bit to be desired as it was very noisy and hard to hear our own conversation. Out server had a bitchy attitude and didn't seem to know much about the menu or serving sizes. Thus lead to our order of the large chicken nachos for 2 that was clearly meant for 4+ people. 
We also ordered a round of El Caliente (the hot one) margs. They had a kick to them with the added red chile oil. The glass was even rimmed with seasoned salt and red pepper. I'm a fan of anything spicy, so naturally, I loved these. 
The chips & salsa were mediocre at best. They give you two salsas: verde (green) and rojo (red). They were both bland and rather tasteless. I rectified thus problem by adding the green habanero sauce to the verde and cholula sauce to the rojo. It was much better!
I ordered the carne asada as my entree and it was the bomb.com. First off, the steak is thick and juicy, and cooked to perfection at medium-rare. The monster piece of meat has got to be over 10 oz. The entree came with white rice, black beans, grilled cactus (that was gross), and sautd brussel sprouts. Everything was pretty good, but the steak was glorious.
I would definitely go back here for another go at that marvelous steak!Worst experience I've ever had at a restaurant. They sat us next to some loud older ladies. When I got back to my seat after using the restroom, the loud lady next to me had placed the hard plastic thing that has the specials on my seat. Needless to say I sat directly on it, tearing a hole through my pants and cutting me. She of course does not even apologize and actually gives me attitude about it. I ignore her, but eventually reach my limit and talk to the hostess. The hostess tells me that she moved here from Minnesota and it took her awhile to get used to dealing with a holes and that I was just going to have to start learning to deal with them too. What service! How she has job hosting I'll never know. So we finish our meal, the entire time I'm in pain and get up to leave. My girlfriend asks the ignorant loud lady who put the plastic thing on my seat why she didn't apologize. Instead of apologizing she started throwing a fit and the rest of her friends joined in even threatening us and trying to fight us. You have no idea how angry we are at this point. As we leave someone who works there asks us what happened, because of course the hostess hasn't told anyone, and we explain. He says he's sorry and we leave. I'll never go back there. Sure the actual incident wasn't their fault, but how they handled it, especially the hostess, is ridiculous.I love love love the decor of this place! Strings of Christmas lights make Cantina feel like a fairy land, and I'm all about it. The food is excellent and the portions are big, so I always end up taking something home. The menu also features goat, which I could take or leave but I know some folks who come here with that specifically in mind. Other highlights include crazy flavors of margaritas (try blood orange, thank me later) and a covered outdoor area for when the weather is nice. I also love the fact that they're dog-friendly, although dogs aren't allowed on the patio, only at the tables out in front along the sidewalk. Mostly though, I come here for the lights, because they make me so very happy!I have been here a handful of times and have always had a good experience. The chips and salsa are amazing. This place has the best margaritas in the city- cheap too! Great place to sit and drink margaritas and people watch.
The food is inconsistent. Their tacos tend to be flavorless but the last time we were there I tried chicken enchiladas and they were awesome! The entrees tend to be overpriced too. I've always found the service to be great. Overall, it's a nice place to hang out, get some drinks and just chill.I have been frequenting happy hour here lately, and I must say the service has been better.  I still find the food to be just okay, (with the exception of their nachos, yum) but their drinks are just so darn good.  I love sitting outside on a warm afternoon.  This place is almost always busy.  I wouldn't advise going with a crowd.  A small place is opening in my heart for you Cantina.I have been coming to this place since they opened - seriously, we were there when it opened - and it has always been good. Went back just a few nights ago with five friends and my two brothers and had a great time. Wings: awesome. Nachos: the best. Burritos are HUGE and always tasty. The margaritas are good (blood orange is my favorite) and the beer list is always really strong, lots of local beers and always a wide variety. Also great options for vegetarians and vegans. Staff is chill and laid back but always on point - I've seriously eaten here more than twenty or thirty times and I've never once had an issue.Hands down the best Mexican I have ever had east of the Mississippi!  Eat your heart out Rick Bayless!!!The Cantina is a great place to go in the summer. Late nights drinking the philly special outside (shot of tequila and a tecate for $4) were a regular for us last summer. The food is pretty good, although we rarely order food, (guacamole is great though) and its always lovely to munch on chips and salsa while drinking.I have lived in EPA for 6 years. I have never been to Cantina, possibly because I never felt cool enough and also because I don't drink. But when my date needed a burrito STAT, he said "the closest. Point me in the direction of the closest burrito and negro modelo." So we ended up there. 
Menu is super, prices are good, and I was able to get just a plate of plain grilled seitan, which was exactly what I wanted. Delicious. The salsas made me crazy trying to figure out how I could replicate them. Even the coffee was good, atypical for a restaurant that doesn't focus on coffee. 
          Service was good, and ability to speak and listen while I was on my date, not a problem. I really dig this spot. Solid.The Cantina has elicited many feelings from me over the last year: disappointment, hatred, rage.  But mostly confusion at the management's insistence on understaffing the outside seating area. (Seriously, just one more server would make more money for everybody!)
However, lately I have settled on the feeling of LOVE.  And that is basically due to the frozen watermelon margaritas and vegetarian quesadillas.  
You see, when that cold pitcher of booze and fresh watermelon arrives on the table, I quickly forget I waited almost 20 minutes just to order it. 
And with each earthy, cheesy bite of the mushroom and huitlacoche quesadilla that I smother with the addictive smoked crema, the memory of my friend finding a cockroach in his steak burrito becomes ever more distant.
So, you know what.  I've made peace with their many inadequacies.  And so too have many others, because the place is always bumping.Perfect on a surprise snowy Saturday! Cozy up to the bar and be nice to the bartenders... We even had them whip us up a delicious dessert drink which had better make it onto the drink menu! Who doesn't like patron xo, silver tequila, maple syrup and bacon! Bacon XOl - Vanessa is the best bartender ever!A friend and I went for Happy Hour. Loved the black bean soup, the white sangria was one of the best I've had (not that I've tried a lot of sangrias but so far theirs is my favorite lol). I also thoroughly enjoyed the free chips and salsa they gave us before our meal. We also ordered the wings, they were just ok. Our waiter was awesome and looked like Ryan Reynolds. I'll definitely go back!My husband and I stopped here for the first time over the weekend.  We just had a drink and a snack.  The margarita I had was pretty good, not too tart as some of them can be.  The service was good.  We had veggie tacos, and they were good as well.  Guacamole and pico de gallo cost extra on the tacos (and burritos), and I wish they would have served them on the side instead of piling them on the tacos.  The tacos then were overflowing and hard to eat. That was pretty much my only complaint about the place.  If we're in the area, we would stop in again.Overpriced for South Philly. You'll feel waves of hipster snobbiness coming off the staff and patrons. Seafood from this place is highly questionable. Oddly enough, there's another location (same management) in Northern Liberties, which has very high quality food and service. If you do end up at the Passyunk one, go for platanos fuertes instead of the soggy nachos.This is my favorite restaurant in the city. The food is excellent and the margaritas are made with natural fruit juices (not mix!). Great selection of tequilas as well.The Cantina is my favorite restaurant in the city.  You can't beat the blood orange margaritas, chicken tacos and grilled corn that is usually on special. 
Yes there is usually a wait to be seated, but that's because it's so yummy.  The service can be a little bit slow, but that's usually because the restaurant is busy. 
Ambiance indoors and out is always lively and fun. I love this place!I've been here twice and both times I have had a good time! The first time was on a weekend night and it was unbelievably packed. But somehow it was still easy to order drinks from the bar. And can I just say I am in love with their $4 special. A can of Tecate and a shot of tequila. Brilliant. The music is good and the crowd always seems to be having a great time.
The bartenders are friendly and easy to grab their attention. This place just has a good/fun atmosphere.
The second time I went here I decided to sit down and get dinner. It was on a saturday night and was packed so we sat at the bar and had a drink till a table came available. It was maybe a 30 minute wait which wasnt too bad.
The chips and salsa are excellent and they give you a good amount. I had the spcial which was 3 enchiladas. I had cheese enchiladas and they were excellent. The portion was huge and you get a lot of beans and rice as well.
Prices ae good here and the waiters were friendly also. I definitely need to come back and try their margaritas and get a pitcher of something to drink.
I am not sure about parking since we cabbed it there, and I am told there is an outdoor patio during warm weather so im excited to check that out.
For this being my first Mexican restaurant in Philly, I am pleasantly surprised!!!
And like I mentioned, Tecate and a shot of tequila for $4. Awesome!I've been to both Cantina locations and prefer this one because of the outdoor seating. It's the perfect spot for outside drinks and people watching. 
No complaints with the food. I always order the chix fajitas and I'm never disappointed. I prefer El Vez's fajitas if I'm being honest, but I'll still eat everything on my plate here-or attempt to! Reasonable food prices with big portions and the service has always been on point. 
I gave it 3 stars simply due to the fact that the menu is small. The tequila menu is actually larger than the food menu. Also, the ladies bathroom seems to always be dirty, despite the little chart on the wall saying it's cleaned every hour. 
I'll keep coming back when in South Philly and craving Mexican.While I am a fan of their sister restaurant in Northern Liberties called Cantina Dos Segundos (see other review), I really didn't enjoy my first visit to Caballitos on Monday night.
So the food is essentially the same.  Floppy but good tacos.  Big portions.  Free chips and salsa.  The red salsa while generally great at Segundos, was very runny and bland on my recent visit.  I don't know if they changed the formula or just had a bad batch.  Oh well.
The thing that bothered me about this visit was the atmosphere.  This was Monday night at 9 oclock and the music on the juke box was blasting in the dining room.  To the point where I could barely hear the person across from me.  Look I love music, but why don't you just keep it to the bar area.  This was a relatively calm night with few people in the restaurant.  It was just overkill.  I would have stayed and had another drink but it turned us off to the point where we just ended up leaving.
Anyway that was my big gripe... and you only get one first impression.This is my go to spot for Mexican food and margaritas!! They have an AMAZING selection of vegan options! The vegan beef tacos are a must try! Dog friendly too outside!At first I wasn't very eager to eat here as I'm not a HUGE fan of Mexican food. After my 1st trip to Los Caballitos, I am now sold! The cocktail list had several intriguing options. We decided to order the prickly pear mohito and the blood orange margarita (extra salt!) The former was really good however the margarita was the favorite choice on successive rounds. I strongly suggest you to try the margaritas if you do decide to eat here (on the rocks and opt for the whole pitcher...it will save you $$$ because you will want to order another after you have the 1st-it's THAT good!). I can't leave out my favorite part of the drink which was the neon straw that came with it (yes, I get excited by neon straws... super fun! LOL)
The place is very clean and has a wonderful vibe with the jukebox and the neon lights on the ceiling. Very hipster-ISH. You have both outside and inside seating options which is great, especially on a nice day like it was today! It is indeed quite loud inside, but I found it fun. Our waiter was very friendly and offered up recommendations (I'm sorry I didn't get his name so I could give him a 'yelp' shout out). 
Overall: Highly recommend to everyone (especially if you are trying to have a foodie adventure!!)Best vegetarian and vegan options! Margaritas are a little lite on the tequila but aside from that everything was outstanding.Let me start this review by saying that I think the food is the best thing about this place. The ceviche is always very fresh and well prepared. Tacos and burritos are great, try the goat! I can't say anything bad about their  menu and the drink prices are right in line for a joint like this. $3 for a miller lite bottle, great! But...the service is horrendous. It's absolutely the slowest moving wait staff on the planet. The crazy thing to me is that there are always 1000 (obviously exaggerating a little) employees. This place is losing tons of money on drinks. On multiple occasions, my group would've ordered one or two more drinks but they were no where to be found. I've also experienced that I was able to order by second beer and it took 20 minutes to get it. Not cool Cantina, not cool at all. I like this spot a lot but the only time we go anymore is when we are grabbing last minute din. The is a fixable issue and I'd live to be blown away next time and have my mind changed.Was here yesterday and I wasn't very impressed.  The best part of the meal was the free salsa and chips.  There were 2 types of salsa- both very fresh tasting and not too spicy.  
It was all downhill from there...my friend got the chorizo tacos and they were so incredibly salty he could not eat them.  I got the steak tacos which consisted of corm tortillas with tough, dry, unseasoned steak on them....with no sauce, no beans, cheese...nothing....for $11.  Really gross!  The platanos with queso had a nice flavor but were extremely greasy.  
I guess this is a good place to go if you want to sit outside and sip a margarita....but if you want something to eat, save your money and go somewhere else.I wa really excited about coming here with my friends, however they cancelled last minute so I treated my boyfriend to dinner. I loved margarita and my goat burrito which our waiter recommended. We took our dessert to go. The main problem with this place was the service and attitude of the hostess. We were seated next to a very loud table and while my boyfriend left out small table to go the bathroom, the ignorant lady next to him placed the plastic specials menu in his seat. I didn't realize it and neither did my boyfriend, who then sat on it. She didn't even bother to apologize for outing it on his seat just said can I have the other piece you're sitting on?   Well our night was ruined from that point on, and because he was pissed, my bf went to talk to the hostess. Her response to him was," we'll I moved here from Minnesota  and I had to get use to people being a-holes too, and you're just going to have to learn to deal with it" that is not an acceptable response to a customer. She didn't bother to mention it to manager. When we got up to leave, I simply asked the ignorant lady if it was that hard to give an apology. She then proceeded to say it wasn't her fault he shouldn't have say on it and them began to threaten and curse at us.  Needless to say we will not be going back. We both understand that the situation wasn't the restaurants fault, however the hostess should not have said what she said due To it being an unacceptable response in the food industry. She definitely could have handled that better or gotten a manager involved. It was also way to loud in there and I couldn't even have a conversation with my boyfriend.Apathy is served piping-hot along with a decent menu and an adventurous drink list. The ambience is well executed, and the use of space is solid. The outdoor seating in the summer is a Philadelphia must.
Margaritas are definitely worth it, but if you feel up to it, try one of their cocktails. You will not regret it. Also, don't use the Spanish names; the waitstaff will look at you like you are choking on something.The service is so slow and inattentive on a weekday afternoon that i can't imagine what happens when it's actually busy. 
It's pretty filthy inside but a drink at the outdoor courtyard is pretty great, so it gets an extra star for that.Best Margaritas Ever! Food was great! Great atmosphere! Can't wait to go back! See ya nxt Friday!Went here about a year ago with some buddies. Menu is very diverse, should please just about everyone in your party. (We had a few picky girls with us and even they found something they enjoyed). Now, for the main event-the margaritas. Excellent. Three types to choose from, we got all three because thats how we roll. (Golden, Classic, and Strawberry). Next we moved on to tequila flights because it always seems like a good idea at the time. Had a very nice night here, would recommened to those living in south philly. I need to come up with an excuse to venture back here.Happy hour margarita Pitchers are $15. But if you get the guava flavor, they jump the base pitcher price to $25 and another $7 for guava.
That didn't make much sense and I would have liked a heads from the waitress.
They need to change that.
Otherwise I love the place, great food great atmosphereI suppose I must be lucky compared to other reviewers, because every time i come here, I leave happy and (too) stuffed.  It's also the place I usually bring my out-of-towners when making a jaunt down to South Philly and we want a little bit more atmosphere.
Favorites: the salsas (traditional style - obviously those who think they are "watery" are used to the Ortega brand of salsa), the burritos, and the vegetarian fajitas, made with tofu and seitan chicken.  I've shared the fajitas with my veg friends and they are absolutely incredible, every time.  
Happy hour is definitely one of the Cantina's greatest assets.  From 5-7 on weekdays, they offer $2 margaritas and $10 margarita pitchers.  beers are also reduced in price.  And of course there's the cantina special - Tecate with a shot of Cuervo, which I also believe is $3.  So if you're looking to get good and drunk early, happy hour is yr ticket.
Never had a problem with service, though one should expect no-frills  from a hipster-established and oriented bar (owned by the same people who brought you the Khyber and the Royal Tavern).  It's not entirely traditional (see: Veracruzana and El Zarape for that) but it's just right.this version of cantina is better for outdoor seating...hence we dined outdoors on a nice summer later afternoon, early evening. their food menu also differed. they did not have my fave from dos :( but the drinks made up for it. i had their camarones al ajillo, which was not as garlicky as el jarocho but still good. my boyfriend really liked the "chuchanga" (chalupa like quesadilla) this location is a nice change of pace from the NoLibs area.  plus capogiro is literally a few steps down!
i prefer dos, only because they have the pulpo.I think that Cantina's South Philly location is my favorite Mexican joint in all of Philadelphia. This cozy/friendly hipster joint is always buzzing with people and the somewhat loud atmosphere isn't even annoying-- as it is in many restaurant/bars. I visited the restaurant last night and can't say enough about the waiter I had. He came to our table constantly refilling our waters and refilling our chips & salsa bowls as they became empty. The best part? My friends and I were only there for some margaritas and the kid still kept tending to us like were some high paying guests. Awesome, awesome employees!
As far as the menu, order anything. Really. You won't be unsatisfied. My vegan friend was with me when I visited last night and mentioned that the restaurant has a pretty vegan-friendly menu--so there's that for all of you vegheads. Drinks? The margaritas, in my mind, are the staple of Cantina. They're what keep me coming back! The $22~ pitchers are fantastic for sharing with a group of friends and the consistency of the blended drinks is impressive!
In the summertime, they have a nice outdoor patio where you can enjoy the weather and play with your dogs as you eat.
Very, very cool spot. Be sure to check out Cantina when in S Philly."The Cantina" is a place I have visited a few times, and overall i am a fan of the food, service and appropriate price for the quality and quantity of food you get.  Just to be clear there is very little "Mexican" about this place, it very much reminds me of what a person who has never been to Mexico would imagine Mexico to be.  
As I said before the food is good but aside from one or items there is nothing Mexican about it. In fact i would call it an American play on Tex-Mex food.  There are some elements of Mexican food and a few ingredients but they are used to appease an American taste.  An example: for brunch the only truly Mexican item out of about 10 choices was Chilaquiles.  But they did have eggs Benedict, a breakfast burrito, and a standard side  of  potatoes and onions for every order.  the quality of the food was good and  the price was right ($8-10), but it just wasn't Mexican.The service has been great every time and the servers are very nice.  Good drink specials too.  
Even though its not authentic I still come across the the city to come here so it is worth the trip it in my opinion,.Sigh.  I long for the days of good food from the Cantina.
The staff has always been awesome, and the drinks have always been delicious, but seriously guys..  I don't know if they lost a chef or continually piss off the kitchen staff, but I refuse to eat here anymore, and it's across the street from me.The cantina is one of the only places that I will wait  over 40 minutes to grab a table outside.
Iove the decor, amazing drinks, awesome happy hour, great brunch, super nice waitstaff, and solid food. 
I often day dream about warm weather sitting outside and sharing veggie nachos and a pitcher with a friend. Luckily warm weather is back, enough with this day dreaming.
Prices seem fair to me, and even though the pitchers are around 30 bucks, even after sharing with a friend, I always leave slightly blurry eyed.
People can complain all they want about the hipsters...welcome to the neighborhood. Really they are harmless.One of my very favorite places in the city.  It's where I trudged for drinks during the 2010-11 blizzards, and where I sidewalk dine with margaritas in the summer.  There's always great vegan/veg options, yet most of my carnivore friends can happily find food as well.  Sometimes the portions are a bit large, but I see no reason to complain about that!  Best of all, sitting there on a Saturday morning I can watch the fresh produce roll in.I've said it from jumpstreet, there is 100119019019x's better mexican food in this neighborhood, but you can't beat the vibe for drinks. Save your cash and go to El Jarocho at 13th and Ellsworth, and visit Cantina for the La Onda margarita, or the Tecate/Sauza special. Your wallet will be happy you did.One of my favorite Mexican places in Philadelphia. I only take one star away because the hipster service can he TERRIBLE (worse than its No Libs sister) ...but the food and delicious margs make up for the hours you'll wait... Love the steak nachos, shrimp tacos and mahi mahi burritos. I've only once had mediocre nachos here the biggest issue is the inattentive waitstaff. But, the overall experience keeps making me come back. Living in Philadelphia, I've accepted that hipster waitstaff equates to bad service but try to see past that because the food is delicious.Came in for lunch, good guac, ample chips and salsa, loved my vegetarian quesdilla... bartender, got the job done but was reading the backs of CDs while my thirst was building, I mean, customers first....the music was hipster crap but then got better when sam cook came on. I mean, people can listen to whatever they want to and i may not even be opposed but whatever they had on was just not appropriate for a semi quiet lunch hour or dining in general.  Just moved to the neighborhood, always hear good things about HH, will be back to try it.Went here for brunch today and had a wonderful experience. Their mimosas were perfect in my opinion. Their wet goat burritos were great. The waitress recommended a tres leches cake, which I've had in the past and this was by far my favorite. It was well balanced in texture (which is a thing for me). 10/10 Would recommend for both food and drinks!short and sweet review.
i thought the food was excellent and they have a decent amount of vegetarian options and also thought the service was excellent.  i notice a lot of reviews complaining about the service seem to be from when the place first opened?  i went tonight for the first time so no problem here and i will definitely go back.Just had a great breakfast. The breakfast burrito isn't great but it's big enough to satisfy the largest belly.One of the best mexican places in the city! I love this place. I am a huge fan of mexican food so my standards are quite high... I would definitely recommend this place to anyone visiting philly looking for mexican. A great place for brunch, especially because they have it everyday!
It can be rowdy but it's part of the fun! Great atmosphere and staff.Overall their food is great especially steak tacos. Just watch out for their dessert, it was a bit of disappointment due to the lack of flavor.... Last but not least they have a great menu of alcohol beverages ( it can be a bit STRONG in taste). I love the hipster vibe they have.Cantina! Cantina!
Pitcher margaritas!
A hipster manana!
Girls wear bandanas!
Eat fried bananas!
Only if only,
At the East Passyunk Cantina!
Where only White people
Exploit the cultures of Mexican.
PS: If you want real authentic Latin American food that isn't served by kids out of a "Belle and Sebastian" documentary please go further down East Passyunk to the real people suffering to make a bit of our American dollars, especially the kick-ass burritos at Taqueria Veracruzana. At an awesome price and right off of 9th and Washington. 
Now take it I don't hate the Cantina and heck it's marketing a decent product. Mexican food is becoming a huge deal over the last few years, especially the word "Chipotle!". God, even KFC is marketing something with "chipotle" in it, now is it "chipotle"? That's between you and the corpse of Col Sanders. 
Now back to my point. Real Mexican food should be managed and served by just those people, especially to us ever ignorant "speak English!" Amoronicans. It's bad enough we have to admit to our failures in choosing the people to lead us and the food we are responsible for... Pat's and Geno's. 
So yes, I did eat here. Yes, the food is actually good. And no it doesn't bother me that kids that want to be Brooklyn savvy work and serve there. And well, if someone actually Mexican prepares the food  in the kitchen, more power to them. But my friend worked their and their chef is rockin' the Caucasian thing. Just don't forget there are other burrito bars lurking about with just the same goodness and at a better price too.I love this place for the location, frozen margaritas, chips & salsa, and vegan options. The vegan fajitas are the best thing on the menu, perfect to split with a friend if you're not starving. My problem is this: they need a $1-2 extra "make it vegan" option for the nachos. If you want vegan cheese and vegan crema on your nachos, they will charge you an additional SIX DOLLARS, which is ridiculous. You've been warned.Their food is good but not out of this world good. Decent service. Chips and salsa are unreal. Would definitely come backThis place is great. 
What makes it so great is the service. Yes, the food and drink are wonderful, too, but my server or bartender or in last night's case, the manager, always takes care of my table with charm and quickness. 
The frozen margaritas are delicious and you can get carried away trying flavors; the blood orange was awesome. I've had the nachos more than once and they are a heaping serving, a small for $5! 
They always have great specials and it's the kind of place that you feel comfortable spending your money. I'm a devotee and will be coming back again and again.I've been going to the Cantina for years- before it gained its current popularity. It is a spot that coworkers and I would attend after work, and a spot that my 8-year-old and I would get brunch after church, on Sundays. My son became familiar with some of the staff there, and he would even go back and forth telling corny knock knock jokes with a few of the ladies. The food was always great, and service for the most part was always fair to good. 
On February 11, 2017, I decided to take my friend to the Cantina. It would have been his first time going, and we arrived around 11:45 AM. Of course on a Saturday morning, it is not packed and crowded like how a typical Saturday evening would be. I requested a booth from the hostess. She explained that booths are for parties of 3 or more. This was not news to me, as I have been a frequent patron of the Cantina for years. I told her that I knew about the rule but that since it was not too busy, I was hoping that my friend and I could grab a seat where we weren't sitting right on top of the people at the table next to us. The hostess reluctantly went to speak to a manager to ask if we could have the booth. When she returned, she told us that it was not possible. I decided to let that go and requested that we sit at a table near the bar, where there was literally no one sitting. The hostess claimed that those tables were reserved, and she offered us seats at the high top tables. I am only 5'2"- high tops are not my thing, okay? So I turned to my friend and asked him what did he want to do. He told me that he didn't mind a high top, but I said to him, "Let's just go somewhere else." The batty hostess lightly touches my arm and says, "Yeah, you should go somewhere else. It's not a good day. Sorry, love you. Bye-bye." After my friend saw my facial expression he grabbed my arm and turned me around and said, "OK love, we're leaving. Let's go." That little chickadee was spared. She did NOT want to hear what I really wanted to say to her- I would have given that poor girl nightmares... Anyways... 
Being born and raised in South Philadelphia, as well as a resident, I am not oblivious to the fact that staff at the Cantina treat locals differently from their yuppie crowd. I try not to read into this too much, since it has happened to people around me more so than to me. However, this was one for the books- I have NEVER in my life been told that I should go to another restaurant. Immediately upon leaving, I called the restaurant asking to speak to the manager on duty. She reiterated the 3 or more party for booths and said that she would talk to the host- THAT WAS IT. 
I waited another week to catch another manager, named Meredith. I explained the situation and she was very apologetic. She told me that she does not want to lose my business and asked for my address to send me a gift certificate. She addressed her flighty hostess and apologized on her behalf. This made me feel a bit better. 
Today is March 18, 2017 and I have turned in my towel. I never received the gift certificate or a follow up about this matter. This is the worst customer service that I have ever experienced. When I made a Facebook post, my friends claimed that service at the Cantina had gone down a long time ago. The sad part is I have so many memories and great times being here. I have so generously tipped servers, even when service was not great. I am extremely disappointed in the way my situation was handled and my friends and I will never set foot in this place, again. Staff and management at the Cantina need to be trained in customer service and in just being good to people- especially neighbors of the Cantina. 
I expected more from you, Cantina. You've lost a loyal customer.Great drinks and and atmosphere. Love the outdoor seating! The food on the other hand leaves something to be desired.Stopped here on a whim, looking for weekday brunch. Here are the highlights:
Lovely patio, generous chips and salsa, interesting and flavorful entrees. 
We really enjoyed the chicken wings and the Mexican Eggs.Their seasonal margarita flavors are so good. I really liked the Spiced Pear! I will go back again to try the pumpkin one soon! 
I tried a few appetizers and everything was tasty. Guacamole side was a large portion and the chicken nachos were huge! I really enjoyed the smoky flavor of the chicken on the nachos. It was full of flavor. 
Service was a little on the slow side but that may be because we had a large party of 7 people. Otherwise, friend staff and good spot to go for dinner or drinks. 
Cheers!I was in south Philly about 2 years ago getting a friend's moped fixed. This was right after I had moved to Philly, so I asked where some good Mexican places were. He suggested we try Cantina since we were vegan/vegetarian. I have yet to find a vegan taco that is more delicious!
They have a surprising amount of vegan/vegetarian options on every part of their menu. They seem to change their menu quite a bit too, so I have rarely had the same thing twice (which is wonderful). They also have a good selection of delicious vegan deserts that aren't the standard overly-iced, disgustingly sweet cakes you would normally find. Oh, and their drinks are superb enough to make you want to dance with maracas to the well-stocked jukebox.
Unfortunately, I am convinced that vampires own this place. The only light comes from small candles sitting on the walls, so seeing your food in all it's glory is not an option. While the jukebox is pretty kick ass, it is also way too loud. So loud that I couldn't even hear the drunken screams of the women at the table next to me (which could be a plus, but still really loud). Because this place is always busy, service can be pretty slow. I usually go into a food induced, light deprived coma before my check arrives. Also, I know it may matter to some people, this place definitely draws a certain crowd.
The jukebox turned up to 11 and the lighting are definitely something you can easily adapt to. The food is worth making the trip. I leave so full every time that I am seriously forced to waddle out of the door.
Arriba!This is my favorite restaurant in the city. The food is excellent and the margaritas are made with natural fruit juices (not mix!). Great selection of tequilas as well.  I love the mixta salad as my staple meal when I go here but there are tons of options and always awesome specials as well.Food is always really good. Service is not always the same. It is like hit or miss with service here. Sometimes it is good. Sometimes bad. Never exceptional. 
The atmosphere is super chill and if you have the time to and are not starved check it out. There are always chips and salsa to hold you over. 
As a vegetarian it was super easy to order here and I appreciate all their options. Drinks are amazing and worth your visit.Each visit is worse.  The food is a notch above a chain and really inauthentic.  The tortilla chips tasted greasy, unsalted, and looked like the dregs from the bottom of a bag.
Since when are Mexican entrees sweet?  Truly sweet, including the guacamole and salsa.  The fajitas were almost inedible.  The peppers overwhelmed everything else.  The limeade was flavoring and sugar.  Sugar.  Sugar.  Sugar.  The desserts were so-so.  From the looks of the strawberries topping them, the desserts had been made early in the day and refrigerated.  Also, super sweet.
Service was uneven.  The wobbly table took 3 fixes.  The waitress inattentive and, frankly, better suited foray other than customer service.  The bathrooms were dirty, with urine and paper on the floor in the men's room.
Overall?  Pretty disgusting and disappointing.  A definite NO!How do I not have a review for this place?! We are here a few times a month...hipster watching, getting tipsy on blood orange margaritas, laughing a lot, and eating way more than we should. It's a great option for a chill, laid back night outside with super tasty food and fab margaritas. It is always delicious!! Always satisfies!! 
With vegan options galore!! 
The seitan skewers are by far my favorite!! They are perfectly crispy on the outside and soft on the inside.  Sprinkled with sesame seeds, with a flavor that is absolute perfection! Served over a spicy quinoa salad with peanuts. So yum! My meat eating hubby orders them they are so good. I highly recommend them for anyone. Vegan or not. Once anyone tastes them, they're sold. We usually get one order and everyone at the table has a taste. I promise you, you will LOVE them!! Give them a taste!! Bangin' 
The Mixta salad is another dish off the regular menu I'm very fond of when I want to keep it healthy. It's mixed greens, avocado, jcama, orange sections, radishes, almonds, piqun chile vinaigrette. The salad is light, but somehow still filing. Very flavorful and perfect for hot summer days when you want to keep it cleaner. 
They always have great specials as well as the creative dishes on their regular menu! Some vegan favorites over the years have been cauliflower tacos and shredded jackfruit tacos which were served with crisp red cabbage and carrots! Crunchy munchy! Last night I indulged in the vegan buffalo chicken burrito. It was spicy, huge and filling. A tad sinful, but oh so flavorful! 
Everything I have ever eaten here has been incredibly delicious!! I have not one complaint. 
Hubs gets the Mexican hotdog which he loves. What makes a hot dog Mexican? Not sure. I guess the cheese and pico. Jalapeos too. He loves it but always orders one of their very reasonably priced sides to go with it as the dog doesn't completely fill him up. 
We have never had anything but very attentive, informative servers. 
Start with the free chips and salsa and margs of course!! The salsa verde is spicy and perfect! Blood orange is a favorite margarita flavor! Passion fruit and pineapple are runners up. They offer both frozen and on the rocks, sugar rimmed or salt, sold by the glass or pitcher. Go ahead, get the pitcher! Many a gorgeous warm weather nights nights have been spent here getting tipsy on their margs. So chill. 
The prices are reasonable and portions, generous. 
We always find parking right out front, but it's quarter meters so come prepared. Free on Sundays! 
They do not take reservations, but will text you when your table is ready. We have never had to wait too long. 20 minutes tops, if that. The patio fills up first so worse comes to worse, you may have to sit inside with a larger party or if you don't want to wait as the wait time is shorter inside. In cooler weather, just start your margs at the bar while you wait. 
Fab Philly Mom says:
Totally bring the kiddos! They will love the fun lights and doodling on the chalkboard in the restrooms. We order basic quesadillas or tacos for them to split and some of their sides like black beans, corn or Spanish rice. Our kiddos love it here!Where do i start, I ONCE had some really good food here. Other than that, i have had really disappointing food here (ex: steak tacos - burnt steak in a soft tortilla with onions, that's it, no salsa or sour cream or lettuce or anything). then there's the drinks. i love their pineapple margaritas, but they are so weak unless you order a top shelf tequila which means you are paying $12 a drink. Unless you are in the mood for a little atmosphere or some outdoor seating, don't even bother, it's pretty disappointing. Plus service is rather slow.I have been coming here for a very long time. It's a great go-to place for when you don't really feel like mingling outside of the South Philly area, or when you're just craving those delicious tacos, burritos or nachos with everything on top at a good price. I love the margaritas and their wide selection of different margarita recipes. I enjoy their outside section the most for summer time, and I love sitting at the bar too. 
I haven't ever had a complaint, or a problem. The service is always good, the only thing is that it's pretty loud...so don't come here on a first date expecting to hear your entire conversation from each other, but I don't really mind that. I love the atmosphere both inside and outside, and it's pretty happening. I will still keep coming here since it is familiar to me, but also because I love the drinks and the food.I am forever in love with Cantina. 
I've written glowing reviews for their location in nolibs, but i gotta give a shout out to the cantina that caught my heart first.
delicious margaritas in an array of awesome flavors, endless chips and salsa, plates of huge nachos, VEGAN BEEF BURRITOS, good service generally (i have rarelyrarelyrarely had bad service here), the most delicious breakfast potatoes (mexican brunch!), half price pitchers of margaritas for happy hour.
i am always a happy happy (and very full!) lady after a trip to my favorite restaurant in the whole city.I was having one of those days and wound up at cantina on a whim. All of the staff were incredibly pleasant. A good crowd for a Saturday night, but not overwhelming. Great drinks and service for a totally reasonable price. The food was good, nothing special, but I'm giving this place 5 stars for the atmosphere, drinks and service. I'll be back!This place is awesome! Go for happy hour (~$10 margarita pitchers) and stay for the food. Everything's excellent--from the free chips and salsa to the tacos and enchiladas to the mexican hotdog special--and they have a huge tequila selection.
The only thing holding me back from a 5-star review is that the margarita's taste a little light on the tequila sometimes.
Get there soon so you don't miss that hotdog special!Wouldn't have thought to come to S. Philly for good Mexican, but what a good surprise. Took up the suggestion of a friend to meet here for some dinner and drinks. I got the chicken quesadilla and a white sangria. The chicken quesadilla was actually made with pulled chicken. I don't recall reading that on the menu, so I was a bit surprised when I bit in; I'm used to grilled in most. I'm not too fussy when it comes to chicken, so it didn't throw the meal off all that much. The chicken was well-seasoned and tender. I did notice that the quesadilla got soggy pretty quickly. Probably a hint that it is a bit too greasy, so prepare to use the knife and fork all the way. The white sangria was the first one I've ever had, so I have nothing to compare it to. I will say that there was a chunk of some unrecognizable fruit in there, which was not pleasant to the eye. Next time, I'll probably be going with the red. OK, this would have gotten another star if not for the waiter dropping my friend's food when he tried to make her doggy bag. He came and fessed up to it, but that meant that she went home empty-handed: not cool. Just make sure you clean off your plate when you go there. On a side note, they have a real nice patio/outdoor eating space; would've requested that had it not been pouring outside. And finally, they could use better lighting in there; wasn't really feeling like it's exactly the establishment for romance, so I'm guessing most patrons, like myself, just want to be able to see their food.GOOD FOOD... FAIR PRICES...  WOULD VISIT AGAIN IF IN AREA. 
Food:  The food is good and is fairly priced. The theme is Americanized Mexican food. The sopapilla French toast is excellent!
Ambiance:  Nice restaurant in the Passyunk area of south Philly. Definitely fits in with the vibe of the local neighborhood.  Lots of outdoor seating. 
Service:  Friendly staff and usually very timely. However, this one time the delivery of the food took more than 35 mins. 
Definitely worth a visit if you are in the area!  However, I wouldn't go extremely out of my way to just eat brunch here.I just moved to this area a few weeks ago.  The kitchen in my house isn't finished so I tend to dine out frequently.  I have been to the Cantina probably 6 or 7 times in the last few weeks and I have to say, I love the ambiance.  It's kind of loud but very fun.  I like that the restaurant as a whole is dark but not too dark.  I like that they play good music usually (sometimes a bit too loud though).  I also enjoy the complementary chips.  
One thing I'd have to say is that the food is not really that great.  I feel like I could get better stuff at taco bell, let alone across the street at that wonderful little place called el zarape.  That and the bill is always very high, usually a lot larger than what I would expect to pay.  The place is clearly very popular in the neighborhood, I just think they need to up the quality of their food or lower the prices just a bit.Food and service suck. Better to go to Garibaldi on Washington and 9th for the authentic Mexican food. I'd come here just for drinks.Ok, I can understand that a Friday Night brings a lot of waiting for a table... but COME ON!  I went through 3 Tecates in about 1.5 hours before my party and I got seated.  Then once we got seated they lagged on giving us those great Chips and Salsa... which were undeniably delicious.  I ordered a Chicken Burrito which honestly... I've had MUCH better at Chipotle and paid 3 bucks less for.  The burrito lacked flavor and I had to douse it in sriracha sauce and the left over salsa to get some flavor.
I MIGHT give you a second chance Catina Los Caballitos... maybe on a Tuesday afternoon when it should be less busy.One of the most consistent restaurants in Philadelphia.  Food, drink and service are good. Does not claim to be "authentic" mexican food.  I visit cantina way too frequently.I'm torn in writing this one. Their salsas are FANTASTIC...sometimes I stop in and order something just for the chips and salsa. Their plantains are also amazing. Their entrees in my experience are hit or miss. I've had great juicy fish tacos, bland carnitas, greasy chorizo, and A-ok burritos. Their outdoor seating is where it's at, indoors is LOUD. They're great for dog owners and even bring pups their own water dish. Friendly staff, can be busy with a wait at times, but on a cool evening, outdoors under the tent with the pup is a great place in the neighborhood to relax with some appetizers.Minus a star because the indoor area is too loud. Sometimes after you eat it takes forever for the waitress to remember to bring the check. Huge pet peeve. Tacos are GF! Food is really good margaritas even better. Go on on off hour. This place gets PACKED.Pros: South Philly/ East Passayunk Square location; Decor; Accepts credit cards, outdoor seating, Frozequis, wonderful bartenders, lots of babies to make faces at
Cons: Inauthentic Mexican food; Hi noise levels regardless of congestion; prices; variable food quality, stroller derby in the warm months clogs the aisles
[Update: 11/14/2015
I just can't quit you, Cantina. I'll keep this brief:
Order a frozequis. And the ribs and plantain. And then another frozequis. DONE. Expect salt.
[Update: 1/21/11]
I really wish there was a half-star increment, because the Cantina's 'frozequis' could get this place to 3.5 stars on its own. Half frozen marg, half Dos Equis draft, all FrOMG. This is the reality that (I imagine) tequila-flavored beers pretend to simulate. I could (and do) drink these all day. Oh yeah, I rode by here last Cinco de Mayo or thereabouts and saw a hipster brawl outside! Full-on emo fisticuffs... so surreal. Tequila will do that to you...
[Update: 10/14/07]
I am bumping these guys up to 3 stars, because I continue to patronize their establishment, and their quesadilla suizas are pretty good. Still overpriced, but they have a good tequila selection. It really is just The Royal serving Mexican food. C'est la vie. 
[Update: 12/14/06]
Against my better judgment, I've been dragged back to the Cantina twice since my original glowing review. They seem to have indeed wisened up, with some minor changes to the menu and reduced  music volume. I'm not changing my rating, because it's still overpriced and the soundtrack remains too cool for skool. They've even co-opted the 'shot & pbr' gimmick from...everywhere, with a $4 deal that nets you a shot of low-shelf sauza and a 12oz can of Tecate. I don't really understand why they would front on a value cocktail when everything else costs as much as it does ($9 for a so-so chicken quesadilla). But hey, this place is all about fronting. The passion fruit aguas frescas was pretty good though.
[Original post: 9/16/06]
First off, let me say that I'm not a hater. I really appreciate that the Royal Tavern (which I dig a lot) folks are branching out and providing Mexican fare in South Philly. 
Ok, now that I've gotten warm and fuzzy, let me vent on the 'Cantina'. My wife and I went there tonight for dinner, and were pleasantly surprised to find it not overrun with hipsters. We got there around 8:15 and were seated immediately. The decor is simple but way above standard Taqueria level, with nice tables and chairs, candles and a distinct absence of cheese. However, this is a Mexican restaurant run by gringos for gringos, so the pleasing appearance is actually quite shallow. My seat was located near the door, and bobbed up and down every time someone walked past. 2 demerits.
The next thing I noticed was the music. If you frequent the Royal Tavern, the Cantina's sister-establishment, you're familiar with the indie staples that you'll hear once again at the Cantina. It's not that I don't like Built to Spill, but how about something with more...Latin flavor? We were positioned right under a down-firing ceiling speaker, and felt absolutely punished by some gratuitously long and shrieking nouveau-psych-rock jam guitar solos. Conversation was not only difficult, it felt like it ran counter to the vibe they are after.
We flagged a waiter and asked if he could turn our speaker down. He agreed that it was too loud but management dictated that it stay at that level. I asked if there was someone I could complain to, and he said that there was no manager onsite, but he could give me a phone number I could call. What the F is this? They want $30 for a pitcher of fruit-flavored margs but can't take responsibility for the deafening music? Unacceptable. If the place were crowded, maaaaybe the music should be that loud, but there were a lot of empty tables and no rowdy groups. I'm just sayin', that considering the circumstances, we felt insulted to have to go deaf over dinner.
Oh, the food, right. It was ok. The guac was tasty but there was too much for two people, and the empanadas and chicken nachos were alright. It was hard to appreciate them because they are overpriced, and those high prices chased me away from the very short list of entrees. This is the type of restaurant I ate at A LOT in San Francisco, which supposedly has a higher cost of living, and the Cantina managed to outprice my SF haunts across the board. Our pitcher of lime margaritas ran $24 and SUCKED. If you like marg mixer and heartburn, get busy with one of these. The two of us killed a pitcher and left stone cold sober. UNACCEPTABLE. 
The Cantina needs to wake up and smell the hipsters aging: Lower prices, manage the environment better and put more booze in the drinks. I have no plan to return to this restaurant.Cantina where the staff is too cool for customer service...
Listen I used to go to this place A LOT, but lately the service has completely gone down the drain. Yes the food is really good, but that will never account for how bad the service SUCKS here! This has been the 3rd time Ive have to walk out of this place because its been so bad. 
One Wednesday night I call to see if theres a wait, guy tells me that he cant tell me that over the phone, but if there is a wait to just have a drink at the bar (what if I was a recovering alcoholic?) I go in anyway. They say its a 15min wait for a party of 2 wait 30 min then ask again when we would be sat, hostess says 30-45min so we leave. Another time Saturday night we get seated right away, but wait 20 min and nobody came over to greet us take our order or even a drink order so we walk out again. I overheard the staff saying that they were swamped and the kitchen was backed up (not the 1st time Ive heard this BS excuse) and the inside wasn't even crowed. Other times Ive been here the service has been hit or miss most of the time has been waiting forever to put an order in or to receive my food. I don't wanna call everybody out here Im sure theres some good staff that work there but most of them are straight up rude and weird. Too busy being cool and messing around than to worry about what their table needs.
Its sad that I can count more bad experiences Ive had here than good ones. They need to just clean house and get a whole new staff. Go to the one in NoLibs Ive never had a problem there yet. As for me I will NEVER be back to this god awful location!!Ok where do I start.  I have been coming to cantina since it opened.  I used to come every Friday or Saturday night with all of my friends. Sometime we would have parties of 15+. The food has always been and still is an A+.  Kudos that's are hard thing to do. I am in the food and beverage industry myself.  So I am very picky when it comes to food preparation, restaurant cleanliness and customer service. I have never had a problem until today. And it unfortunately brought this 6-7year bromance to an end. I will never return.  Now obviously the place was busy the broad street run just ended its Sunday around 12 May 3rd 2015. I was told the wait was an 1hr to an hour and a half. That was at 12:50 at about 1:50 I go in to check and see if we are any closer to burrito time and to use the bathroom. I was told there were 7 parties still ahead.  And as I walked through the restaurant I noticed about three to four tables empty. Including some Booths and tables that could seat 5 plus.  I shook it off and figured they would be seating people. I went back out front to sit on the step next door and wait. And I waited. A half hour goes by and at 2:30 I go back inside and ask what we were looking at. And I was told there was still 6 parties ahead of us. Then I noticed even more empty tables. Well I was outside with two kids my wife and we all just completed a run we were tired and hungry and I was furious. Furious enough to cause a little scene big enough for a manager to come over. (Immature yes but I was pissed) there were two booths one table of five three tables for two (that could have been pushed together for bigger parties) and then the whole wall had just cleared out where the bench seating was against the back of the bar. Not including the four tables out side that were clear for use as well. So there was a good 12-15 tables available we can say a total of about 24-30 seats. So at this point I was fuming. I spoke with the manager. (I literally have nothing nice to say about her competence) she told me they weren't seating people because the kitchen was so backed up people were waiting another 30 minutes once at the table. So basically her logic is sit out front scattered up and down the block in the sun. That way u don't sit at one of our tables and get mad the food is taking long.  I couldn't even look at her anymore she was very convinced and adamant that what she was doing was a civil service to the patrons. Ma'am. You are a moron.  Cantina has lost a customer they have had from the beginning. I gave this spot a 2star because the food (that I didn't get to eat) is that good. It's just a shame the restaurant has a manager and a hostess that does not know how to run a floor. Guess I'm going to chipotle.Great atmosphere, fun music, friendly staff, and best of all... Deliciously tasting, and pricing, Mexican food! Yay :D I'm so happy I found a great place to grab some good Mexican food within walking distance of my home.
Definitely recommend trying their margaritas. Some of the best in the Philly Area. Next time I visit the Cantina I'll have to try their frozen ones :)
As for food... the most memorable thing on our table was the Guacamole. We practically licked the bowl clean. I'm very picky about my quac... I don't want to see some avocado and sour cream thrown into a blender. Yuck. I like tasting the chucks of avacado, onion, tomato, and tasting all the different spices that make it a worthy Guacamole. Kudos Cantina. Kudos.
My Chicken Tacos were quite scrumptious as well. But nothing to really get too excited about. That is unless you ask for some Guacamole on top :)We live in the neighborhood and we've had some good experiences here, but the last two times sealed the decision that we won't be back.
The same thing happened last year and this past weekend -- my husband-to-be and I sat at an outdoor table intending on getting lunch and drinks. But the drinks took so long to come out, as did the chips and salsa, that we just gave up, paid for our drinks and left. No lie, we were there for about 45 minutes before the server asked us what we wanted to eat, and we just asked for the check. 
With so many restaurants on East Passyunk, it would be in this restaurant's best interests to get its act together. The food isn't good enough to wait that long. Sorry!This place gets better every time I go...bar tenders know their cocktails...service fast and efficient...food always good...just want to add that after trying their hotdog 3 separate times...it's delicious...well cooked...roll fresh and Mexican condiments on top are perfect quite the taste sensation...I highly recommend you give it a try if hot dogs are up there on your to eat list.
Just an add...I've taken to try stopping in at least once a week for the hotdog!The food is good for lunch and the margarita pitcher was good. It wasn't the best margarita ever, but it was good.  Their salads are pretty big but food that is supposed to be hot comes out just warm.  I do like this place due to its outside seating. You can people watch or take in a night under the stars. 
The wait staff is a little aloof- they take a bit of time to take your order and they forget the essentials- like dining utensils, appetizer plates, napkins, etc.  overall, it's okay- not stellar.Great atmosphere.  Love coming here during the day or at night to hang out with friends at the outdoor seating area.  They almost always have a long wait, but its worth it for the chicken nachos and the margaritas!Went there tonight and had a delicious meal accompanied by even more delicious blood orange margaritas. I had the chorizo tacos which were enormous and super filling for 9$ plus a dollar extra for guacamole. Charming outside patio and it was pretty packed for a Wednesday night. Only complaint was our service was slow but we weren't in a rush so it wasn't a big deal and all the staff was very friendly. All and all great experience and I will most certainly be back.Sorry. A swing & a miss. I finally got here for lunch with a friend who practically lives here.. and now I am not sure why
.
Let's start with.. the place feels sticky. Yes, we were here on the 1st HOT day of the year.. but the place, the table.. sticky. 
I saw Mojito's..so I was in. A pitcher of Raspberry for us, please. Total miss. Hardly any flavor and watered down. Chips, red & green salsa were delivered promptly.. both salsas tasted, again. flavorless and watered down.
The only saving grace were the plantains. They were perfect - done with a drizzle of cream sauce & melted cheese.. I should have just ordered those, because my burrito was also very bland.
Don't think I'll be back for a 2nd chance.I'm upgrading to 4 stars because my last experience was great, probably because we went on a Sunday afternoon for lunch and it wasn't crowded and hipstery.
The server was awesome and as always, every dish we ordered was spectacular.  This is becoming my one of my new favorite places!Stopped in for lunch. They brought chips and two types of salsa. Both salsas were delicious. Had chicken quesadilla. The filling was delicious although the outside of a couple of the pieces were a bit soggyAfter hearing that the wait for Bing Bing would be an hour, saw this place just a across the street and, having a cousin whose craving for tacos could not be stopped, stopped in last Saturday. Atmosphere was laidback an service was fairly attentive, so credit due for that. As far as the food goes, it tasted overwhelming average. Split the chorizo tacos, and had a taste of some of the wings as well, and while all the food tasted alright, for the price point you could definitely do better. Especially as far as Mexican restaurants go, where if you search you can find some really authentic and delicious tacos for $2-3 or so each, the food as Los Caballitos was just a bit too average to really stand out. The Chorizo tacos were 3 for $9, and there was a decent amount of chorizo on them, but little else. And when you consider adding cheese, guac, sour cream, at $1-$1.50 each, you can get a pretty hefty price tag on what were once simple tacos and burritos. My cousin got the chicken burrito and while he said it tasted alright, at $10 at its base price he expected a bit more inside beyond just meat, rice, and beans. Wings were good on the other hand, and free chips and salsa, while honestly a bit expected at these places, is always a welcome perk.
Fun location, and the patio seems nice to down a few margs on. Wouldn't mind coming back, and would probably get some tacos while I'm at it, but in no hurry to swing by anytime soon.It seems ridiculous to review this restaurant because it is perfect. I resist coming here because there are many South Philly venues worth my attention and cash. But I rapidly became a regular because the food is so great, the drinks so inviting, the service is impeccable, and the outdoor patio is an oasis from the concrete city. I keep coming back and am happy every time I did.In an area saturated by so many Mexican restaurants this one stands out more for it's decor and clientele than anything else.  Their food is good, though, and their kitchen is open until 1 am. It's a great spot to grab a beer and a few tacos late at night.If possible I'd give negative stars. Wings stink, people stink, margaritas taste like fake sugar, the whole building smells like rotting carcasses, probably because majority of the people who frequent there rarely bathe. The waitresses armpit hair fell in to my guacamole.This place is pretty great.  The drinks, food, atmosphere, and service are always great.  It is a really hip joint without the hipster "holier than thou" attitude. 
The only reason that I give this place 4 out of 5 stars is because the ceviche, although delicious was such a small portion for the price.  That being said, everything else is spot on.Great Margharitas and Burritos... we loved it... We go there to lunch very often.  Again, LOVE the Margharitas!!!!  They are the best!I can see how people would complain about certain aspects of this place but I had two fairly positive experiences.  The first time I sat at a table during the afternoon and got great service from the waiter.  I especially appreciated the fact that my water glass was never allowed to become empty, and I drink a LOT of water at meals.  The chips and two salsas were great and as I was alone I had the bowl to myself.  I used the remaining salsa to augment my carnitas burrito, which I found pretty tasty.
It was not at all busy that time, but I also experienced no problem with service when I went the second time on a Saturday night.  I sat at the bar and the food came quickly, and the bartender was very efficient, helpful, etc.
It's not the cheapest place in the world and yes it's pretty yuppie-ish but it's a nice play to enjoy food and drinks and their products taste good.  If I want "more authentic" Mexican fare and cheaper prices I can of course go to one of the many taquerias in the area, but Los Caballitos does have some good qualities such places don't have, too.Considering that I went there 5 times last week, I decided it is time to give them 5 stars. Nobody frequents a place that often if they don't really like it. I wish I could give 4.5 stars, because I am sad that they took away the Tecate/tequila special. Over the past few months the food and the service has been more consistent and the drinks are my favorite in South Philly, if not the entire city.Cantina was not our original destination this afternoon. We were supposed to meet at Stargazy and Sam was sold out of pies, so we settled on Cantina, which was nearby. 
It was a beautiful fall Sunday afternoon, and we decided to eat outside. We 6 were sat immediately and the menu held some interesting brunch choices. I was immediately glad we chose this place. 
We ordered beers, sangrias and Bloody Mary's and all seemed good (the beer was anyway). I really liked the idea of a breakfast burrito but eventually settled for steak tacos because I hadn't had one in awhile. 
I liked them, but I have to say, through no fault of cantina, I realize that I grew up on flour tortillas and I just don't like corn tortillas as much. Still the steak and fillings were to die for. 
This is a great weekend brunch option if you are in the area. Definitely go when you can enjoy the patio area.Delicious watermelon margaritas and the bartender was great, offering to remake something for my friend who ordered something she didn't like at no charge. For what it's worth I liked her original drink too! Later we met other friends and all got a table and ordered and every single dish looked amazing. The vegetarian stuff was especially awesome.Went to Cantina Los Caballitos for drinks and dinner some months ago & it was very noisy. I couldn't hear the person sitting right next to me. 
Margaritas were very sweet.
Nachos were okay. 
Salsa was pretty good, especially the green salsa.
I ordered the grilled salmon & it was disappointing.  The salmon itself was overcooked to dryness and badly burnt at the edges (although I'd specifically asked for the fish not to be too cooked).  The accompanying greens were good -- it seemed like a mix including chard, broccoli rabe.  Green rice was fine. The fish was topped with a nice and fresh "salsa" of sliced jalapenos, scallion, onion, and seaweed.
Food generally seems overpriced for the quality you get.
2.5 starsAbsolute horrible service!!!!!!  Unfortunately the standard at Cantina is very poor!!! Starting with the hostess and ending with the rude chef and manager everyone was rude! Maybe it was because we had children wit us or because we were a party of 11 but we waited over two hours to be seated at our table, the hostess keep telling us every time we asked 15 more minutes and when we asked for the manager she was rude and ignorant. At one point the chef came into the dining area and someone in my group asked if she was the owner and in a disturbing voice replied no I am not rolled her eyes and walked away. The bathroom was very dirty and smelled like sewage. I never complain out a restaurant but I feel that the service we received was horrible and I think it should be know!!!!!!This is my favorite place in Philly for margaritas! They often are crowded and the seats area little close together so don't go expecting a lot of personal space. But the food and drinks are excellent and reasonably priced. I also really love the weekend brunch!Terrific food, but it is on the spicy side.  Ask in advance if the recipes can be toned down.  You always add spice.  The beverages are good.  The Trs leches cake is truly delicious.  Good service.  Reasonable ambiance.  Beware the noise level can be obnoxious.The food and drinks were great, but most of all I want to shout out to our bartender. Typically when I sit at a bar I expect to get slower food service and less attention, particularly a bar where all the seats are full. Dylan was AWESOME. By far the best service I have ever had especially sitting at a bar. Drinks were strong and never had to wait for refills on our water, drinks, or chips. Will definitely be back!I go to this place all the time. It's really laid back. The food is great and they have a good selection on alcohol too. The servers don't wear uniforms or anything it's just whatever and I love it. No snobs no crap. No overpriced things on the menu just because it's a cool place and there is fun lighting and it's hip. Just a nice place to go with friends.A magical place!
Marg pitchers are delicious
And so is the food!!Went there last night for the first time.  My husband wanted to sit outside, and the weather was nice, but we also were occasionally surrounded by smoke.  However, when I went in for a minute, inside was dark and loud, which I guess a lot of people like but I don't.
I've been in search of interesting tacos since I had beef tongue ones at a Norristown place over the summer, and this place came through.  We got an order of goat tacos, and an order of mahi mahi, and split them.  They came three to an order, and were filling.  We also got a side of guacamole, which was very good.  Two kinds of free salsa, which came in much larger bowls than the average place.  And the service was good.  I would go back.Terrible service, got our order wrong, bartenders could careless that he got my 20$ order wrong, so I paid n leftThis is an awesome spot. It's located right by my apartment, so if I decide last minute that I want to go out, this is my go to place. Margs are great and there's a good selection of beer. I love any dish with goat in it.I gave Cantina two tries to give it the benefit of the doubt for the loud music, average food and slow, impolite service. However, now I have been enlightened about the health inspection report from a fellow Yelper...http://www.phila.gov/health/units/ehs/pdf/ehs_inspections_-_s_1008.pdf...page 475. Yeah, I'll take my humble little El Zarape across the street over Cantina any day.Loved this place. The ambience was great: dark lighting and good music, if a bit too loud.  The tilapia tacos were sensational and I will be going back for more.  The speciality margarita were very creative, fantastic, and likely made from scratch. Whoever said they were mediocre must have had there standard margaritas. I had the endless summer ( jalapeno, cucumber, and some other stuff) and the city bike ( much mellower, guava and other awesomeness). And they were both under 6 dollars!!! Big, big fanChorizo tacos.
It's been years since I have been to Cantina.  I came here once before when I didn't even live in Philadelphia.  It was odd that my friend from New York heard about a place with great Margaritas in South Philly.  After a phillies games, we investigated.  So glad we did.
Fast forward a few years.  I know live in walking distance of Cantina.  I know plenty of people who are regulars.  It's been on my list for a year now and I finally went after a run one night.  Delicious.
I love this space.  It's got such style.  It's theme is so approachable and there is a soul to this restaurant that makes you feel good.  The chips and salsas (two of them) are both delicious and make it hard to leave room for your actual meal.  These tacos were amazing.  The tortillas were perfect and the chorizo had great texture and spice.  I know I could have eaten 10 more of them.
The menu is so reasonable and the place is just fun and inviting.  Our waitress was extremely personable and I know that I'm gonna become a regular here.service is always kind of weird but the food is consistently delicious ! love the nachos and guac! good prices and good margaritas !!The Cantina is a nifty little neighborhood joint - great place to get blood orange margaritas and free chips and salsa.  The outdoor seating is great on those nice summer evenings.  It's pretty dark inside - which i guess is great for the evening crowd - but makes it a little dismal for brunch.  Still, it's a nice location for meeting friends and having a few drinks.