I've eaten here a few times and the food was mediocre. Cucumber jalape침o margarita is amazing though I must say. But tonight my friends and I had the worst experience. We came with a party of 10 and was told that in an hour we would be seated which we were fine with. We hung by the bar and ordered drinks happily. After an hour we asked if our table was ready when they told us yes we have you at two different tables across the room from each other. Since we all wanted to sit together as a last night together before our friend moved, we decided to squeeze all at one table. The staff was so annoyed at the fact we all wanted to sit at one table that no busboy or server came over to our table after 30 minutes of sitting there. We asked multiple servers and hosts to send our server over but nothing. When we finally decided to get up and talk to the hostess she was so rude that we all decided it was time to leave. Sad to say that as locals we will have to take our business to a friendlier and more accommodating restaurant.What's better than getting your drink on starting at noon-thirty on a sunny Friday afternoon?  Getting your drink on starting at noon-thirty on a sunny Friday afternoon... outside!
While it's not plentiful, there's seating on the sidewalk in front of Cantina Dos Segundos.  And given that it was midday on a Friday, that not-plentiful seating was plenty enough for us to wash down some enjoyable munchies with a whole pitcher of blood orange margaritas (on the rocks, of course).
They don't screw around with the margaritas here.  It may sound frou-frou, but our blood orange margaritas were not light on the tequila.  Plus, we each had our own little plate of rimming salt (or rimming sugar, as the case may be) for handy personalized re-application between drinks.
Oh.  That's how our meal -started-.  It ended with two "specials" - a.k.a. "especi치ls:" a can of Tecate and a shot of tequila.  Needless to say, after three glasses of margarita, this seemed like a good idea.  And when our server decided that he wanted in on the fun that we were obviously having without him, he decided that he wanted in on another round of tequila shots with us.  That -also- seemed like a good idea at the time.  In retrospect, this may have been detrimental to my overall productivity for the remainder of the afternoon - just don't tell the higher-ups!
Outside of unnecessary amounts of alcohol, my salad mixta was solid.  It didn't look like much but a pile of lettuce, but once you dig down past that, it's chock full of fresh goodness, including creamy avocado, tender hearts of palm, and tangy slices of citrus fruit.
...And the boy's room is sexy.  Not in a dirty sort of way.  It reminded me a little bit of the bathrooms at the old Patois in Brooklyn.  Down a set of stairs and down a corridor, the light in there is covered with what appears to be custom sheet metal with little star cut-outs.  The scented candles above the sink add to the sexiness.
I'd be willing to return.  Bring on the 'ritas!I love the vegan fajitas.  They are a huge portion with enough to lunch the next day, and they fill it up with roasted veggies, smoked tofu, and grilled seitan.  They usually have a vegan special too.  
My only complaint is that its usually too noisy.For some reason I always neglect this place even though I walk by it every singe day of my life coming home from work.  Anyway, me and the babe decided to do brunch on Sunday morning after I read all the mostly decent reviews.  Unfortunately brunch does not start until 11 a.m. so we pretend slept until 10:30 to quiet the hunger rumbles from our stomachs. 
Got there and were seated immediately by a very friendly waitress.  She talked me into getting the bloody maria which is an AMAZING bloody mary just made with tequila. I ended up getting three because it was so good and refreshing.  Our meals were freaking fab.  My bf got some type of sopes with bacon egg, hollandaise sauce and I got the obnoxious breakfast burrito.  The eggs were fluffly, the rice, beans, salsa and cheese  were just perfection but also totally gross and my stomach said wtf are you doing.
Definitely hit up this place for an awesome laid back brunch.  We were both so satisfied.  I should mention that we went back and immediately fell back to sleep for three hours due to hangover, too much food, etc.  But thank you Dos Segundos for the best bloody Mary I have had in the past three months, and that is saying a lot.Vegan beef nachos were amazing and I'm not even a vegetarian! The margaritas are amazing -- everything's amazing. Come wearing loose clothing!Third favorite Mexican restaurant in the city. I always end up eating too much but I have no regrets.I've been here twice. The first time, the food was great and the service was awesome. The second time, the food was great and the service was poor. Common denominator = great food. 
The salsas have depth, but I wish they were a little chunkier. The vegetarian veggie tacos are fresh and good but will leave you hungry- even if you add the cheese and some pricey chunks of avocado. The tempeh bacon is smoky and sweet, but it's tempehness still can't be masked- so no trying to trick your carnivore bf into thinking it's real. The vegetarian bean tacos I had at dinner were really delicious and filling. They were stuffed with tasty Mexican rice, flavorful whole beans, and salty cotija cheese and topped with some fresh lettuce and tomato that gave them some crispness. Their corn tortillas don't seem homemade, but they get away with it when the filling is that good.
When we went, they had a special mahi-mahi fish taco. I was skeptical seeing that it was rolled in a flour tortilla and I'm partial to corn tortillas, but they were delicious- just a little spicy, a little creamy, a little crispy, and a lot fresh tasting. Not your standard fish taco but one worth trying.
If the service were more consistent, I would give it one more star.Quality spot for tex/mex.  It can't compete with Distrito or Taqueria Veracruzana, but its a solid pick for a cheap night out.  Young crowd, good service, and big drink selection is a plus.This restaurant offered some very interesting (and very tasty) menu options - ones I've never seen at any Mexican restaurant! Also, their cucumber margarita's are amazing!!Came here on Labor Day and the bartender Althea was great. I was surprise to see a nice chill crowd on a holiday. Food came out fast as well. Would def come here again.Food, drinks and service were amazing. Wesley was our server and he was awesome. We will definitely be visiting again soon and requesting Wesley as our server!Amazing vegetarian and vegan options. Blood orange margueritas are amazing! Seitan wings and nachos with vegan beef are my favorite two appetizers. So many great choice for dinner too. Service was fast, so fast in fact that apps and dinner arrived at the same time. Nice, friendly staff and finding close parking in March wasn't hard at all!Mahi mahi tacos good good, and I really recommend the guava mojito 
I love the guava!I had a good meal at Cantina Dos Segundos - the fish tacos were delicious and my margarita was great as well. It's a bit noisy so it is not the best place to go for a quiet dinner, but a good for casual food or just drinks.Never had a chimichanga, it's pretty good here yummy. Definitely recommend frozen margaritas over margaritas on the rocks. (There's more alcohol in them). Service was pretty fast for a Saturday night with a line out the door.Good spot with a decent beer selection.  The drinks aren't bad.  Did not have any food so cannot comment on that.  I was here with a group to get drunk for a birthday evening.  It worked out well and we were serviced well by the staff.  if you are in the area and you wanna get smashed somewhere, then this is your spot.  
By the way, they have a jukebox that place older tunes.  Was actually a great piece that complemented the tunes of yore.  Nice touch to the spot.I went in here today with a few friends. The service was excellent and the watermelon mojitos that our waiter mark recommended were a hit among us. The food was good and prices were fair.This place was so amazing. I went with two friends for dinner. The ambiance was really nice. Their outdoor patio looked amazing but was full, looked like the best seats in the house. The music was great and the food...fantastic. Even the bathrooms were clean, which is a big deal for me! My fellow vegans, they have a great selection of vegan options. You get complementary chips and salsa.  This restaurant looks like a great place for late night drinks, but the drinks were really pricey. I got a 6oz drink for $12, and that was an average priced drink. If they have happy hour, which I didn't notice if they did, I would definitely come back and bring more friends.I really liked this place and thought the food was excellent however I don't understand why its so expensive and why they are not flexible on the menu. 
For one mexican food should be cheap, I was pretty surprised when I came here and saw the prices of the speciality items especially the enchiladas (I think they were approximately 18.00) Sorry thats way too much for enchiladas. 
I ordered the 3 taco special but couldn't mix and match meats. They have so many options such as goat, lamb, beef, steak, chicken, carnitas but when you order the 3 tacos you're relegated to one selection of meat. I understand that it may be difficult to prepare the tacos with 3 different meats, its just disappointing that you can't do it.Food is decent but I honestly only come here out of necessity as it's one of the few places open late in my neighborhood on days my boyfriend works late and needs to eat after 9-10. The only times we have a good experience are when we don't have this one guy as our server (pretty sure his name is David) but unfortunately it seems like he works that shift often. If you're a group of girls he'll make sure to pay loads of attention to you and even sit at your table to flirt, but if not then be prepared to have him disappear for endless periods of time. 90% of the time we have to ask him for the chips and salsa (which other servers bring out right away), and have to ask him for water and for water refills. He forgets if he already took your order, brings you another table's check instead of your own, the list goes on. Sometimes we even walk past and try to see if he's working, and we go somewhere else if we see that he is.Love it here! Good drinks, pretty good service and from everything I've tasted really good food too. Definitely try the beef empanadas, nachos, tacos, chimichangas... mm I could go on and on.  
Only complaint... brunch.  I was so excited for their brunch, but it definitely fell short. The bacon is the oddest and quite gross. You almost have to try it to see what I mean.  Whereas the portions of lunch or dinner leave me full the brunch plates seem awfully small. I've tried brunch twice and then had to call it quits, but I will definitely come back - after 2pm.My absolute favorite thing about this place was that they had Allegash White Ale.  But the more places in Philly I went, the more I realized that was normal.  The Guac was pretty good and the Fajitas were just ok.  But the Guac was good enough to push me from 3 to 4 stars.There are so many good things I could list about Dos Segundos, including the $4 special (Tecate and a shot of tequila), the tasty margaritas, the nachos, a certain cute server I know, etc., but I'm afraid I'd be here forever. And ever. And ever. 
Anyway, you're catching my drift, right? Just go to Cantina. Experience it. Drink some tequila. Eat a taco. Have a time. Call out of work the next day (you might have to). Go back for more once you sober up.
Smoochies to you, Cantina! You're my BFF.Had dinner here last night . The tacos were great, I highly recommend the carnitas and the Carne asada. They came out hot and very flavorful.
The ambience of the restaurant was great too, very busy all night, you can tell it is a very popular place.
The service was great as well, although it felt like the waitress was serving the entire restaurant and the wait for a table was over an hour .
Overall I recommend it .The food was good(pork and sweet potato tacos). The service was lackadaisical at best. I have seen more life out of a Walker on The Walking Dead.. Also, the atmosphere was not what I thought it was going to be.. For example, when you go to a Mexican place to eat Mexican food at the price you are going to pay, you would like to hear authentic music playing in the background, not Black Sabbith and other 80's metal.. Typical hipster northern libs..Best Mexican place in Philly. Sorry El Vez and Distrito. The menu is great because there are tons of options, no matter if you're a meat-eater, vegetarian, or vegan. Their burritos are huge, and their empanadas are delicious. But my god their margaritas are perfect. Seriously, I doubt you can find a better one anywhere. All of their flavors are great.  If you don't go back for dinner AND drinks then we're not on speaking terms.After living in Mexico for several years and saying a Mexican woman for more, I had high hopes when I saw a restaurant that was Mexican with such high reviews and actually served chicken mole...even at $21. I ordered it to go and was psyched to eat it. I opened the container and was mildly put off, but figured maybe it just tastes killer; man was I wrong! Worst mole I've had, really. It was a plain, average sized chicken breast with a watery mole sauce that didn't taste like anything in particular and grilled Brussels sprouts on top. My girlfriend, the aforementioned Mexican, ordered the flautas and said they were really just meh as well. I called twice to speak to the manager on consecutive days and was given the third degree about wishing to speak with him/her by the woman that answers "well, who is this? Why do you want to speak with the manager? What's this regarding?" Which was really off putting. Apparently, just by sheer luck (can you imagine?) the manager had just stepped out. I left my number and name both times and never (in two weeks) have I received a call back. I wanted to give them the opportunity to make things right and they just failed all around. Can't recommend you go here for anything except meh food and bad customer service.The best Mex option in Northern Liberties, even if it is run by "gringos." I've been to a few midnight dinners here, and have since returned for several lunches. The staff is always nice; food usually good. Okay, so the tuna burrito I had last time was 100% tasteless, but everything else has been great. Hell, I just love the fact that you can GET a tuna burrito.
Speaking of tuna: the seared tuna tostadas are where it's all at. Then you balance that out with chicken tacos. The shredden chicken is good, albeit a little over-seasoned. Dos Segundos also has THE best complimentary chips and salsa I've ever had, IF you're lucky enough to get them piping hot and fresh out of the oven (otherwise, Las Bugambilias owns that distinction). The red sauce is a little too sweet and runny, but the salsa verde is angelic (??). They'll even give you your remaining chips and salsa to go in plastic tupperware.This place is definitely an awesome find. Within minutes of being seated we had water and chips on the table. I mean who doesn't like free chips and water? "Me!"... said no one ever. 
My cousin ordered some wings and the sweet plantains for our apps and we both ordered the cabrito platter for our entrees. Now I've been to a number of Mexican restaurants and this was my first time ever seeing goat on the menu and as a West Indian, this was greatly appreciated. 
The food was lovely and the service was equally great. Our server was attentive from the minute we sat down until we walked out of the door. He did forget my bag of chips for my to-go box, but I forgive him because I didn't need it anyway.Food was good. Drinks were great. Service was awesome.
Ok fancy fake mexican. Worth going to especially in Philly where its hard to really get good mexican or tex/mex.
I got the cucumber jalapeno margarita - awesome. get it. Not quite the drinks at Amada but good stuff.
Our waitress was kick-ass. Super nice, patient, and real. Nice to have a waitress thats not acting. nice to go to a restaurant where they dont make everyone dress the same and act unnatural. She was an incredibly cute hip blonde girl (description is for her to get recognized not objectified).
dig this place.I called in an order of small vegan beef nachos to go. They were a little sloppy, the nachos were a little soggy and definitely outnumbered by the generous delicious toppings. Maybe next time I will remember to order a bag of chips & hot salsa on the side, and a fork.I was really excited to check this place out because I love "Mexican" food, love a spot that has brunch until 4pm, and love that it's conveniently located near to an El spot. 
On a particularly blustery day I rolled in to meet friends at about 130PM. The place was almost entirely empty. Bad sign or bad weather? I ordered the Huevos Mexicanas which were, well, OK. I perhaps should have thought more about the fact that I don't like scrambles eggs that much. Friends got the enchiladas (pronounced "fishy" and "sweet) but the Huevos Rancheros looked great. 
My bloody mary was, well, nontraditional. I couldn't put my finger on it. Then our very attentive waiter informed us that the drinks were made with fresh "salsa" - aha! Much more of a tomatoe juice etc. base than the classic, thicker, V8-type version. Not bad, but I guess I prefer my brunch beverages classic. 
In the future I'll stick to the delicious margaritas, and give one of the many other vegetarian-friendly dishes on the menu a shot.Mediocrity at best- To start the service wasn't very customer oriented, the hostess gave us attitude about changing where we wanted to sit in an empty restaurant. We sit down and get served what taste like bagged cold tortilla chips, sauces were average. After look at the menu we waited a half hour for the waiter to take our order. We ordered some margaritas they were really good and had the trio of wings they were fried nicely and good sauce. I had the tilapia tacos it was a very large portion meal the idea was nice but the execution was sloppy ! Less is more. My friend had the quesadilla and they were also a large portion the flavor was there but presentation wasn't as good. Our bill came to about $60 complete with 7 $1 charges that include pico, guacamole, sour cream, cheese, to be a Mexican place I thought some things would come standard. I may return if I'm with friends for good drinks and maybe wings but it wouldn't be my first choice for a Mexican spot.Delicious vegan options!  I got the vegan beef burrito with yuca. The seitan is from blackbird. It was a really interesting combination. They also offered vegan chicken tacos on the daily specials. 
Frozen margarita pitcher was delicious. I ordered the white peach. It was not too sweet. I'll definitely be going back!Solid Mexican place in Philly. I had the Chicken Quesadilla and Cantina Margarita. Soooo good! The best thing was how fast they were to serve the food after we ordered. I swear we must have gotten our good like 5 minutes after we ordered. The only thing I wasn't feeling was some of the music. A mixture of bebop, cheesy 90s rock, and decent Indie.The Mexican corn was very obvious that it wasn't fresh and it was canned. The vegan wings looked like French toast sticks you were given as a kid in elementary school and were literally just fried tofu, no breading or flavor what so ever. Extremely disappointed in the gentrification of Mexican food at this restaurant.My friend lives in Philly and he always talk about this place so when I came up for a visit, this is where we ended up for dinner and a pitcher of margaritas. My friend is a hardcore vegan, but I am the opposite. I have nothing against vegans, but I also have no desire to cut meat, milk, or any other animal products completely out of my diet. However, for this dinner, I opted to eat a truly vegan meal. They have a pretty good selection of food for vegans, but they also have plenty of meat.
Anyway, back to the restaurant. When we came up to the restaurant it was very lively and pretty full of people. The weather was nice and there was outdoor seating all along the sidewalk. We chose to eat inside and our hostess sat us down at a table and we were given two kinds of salsa (red and green) with a basket of fresh chips. They were both great, but I have to say that I liked the green salsa better. We ordered a pitcher of frozen margaritas and our waitress brought it out with two glasses and a plate of salt and cut up limes for us to put around the rims. 
For our dinner, we ordered tacos with vegan beef and and tacos with mushrooms, the latter was a special for the night. Our waitress brought out more chips and salsa for us while we waited for our food to come out. Both of our entrees came with three tacos and we each switched one taco so that I could have a taste of them both. While the mushroom taco was tasty, I preferred the vegan beef. It was delicious! If I didn't know that I had ordered vegan beef, I would have thought that I was having actual meat! I highly recommend trying the vegan beef, even if it's not your thing. 
The food is good, the pitcher was enough for us to each have about three drinks and the service was nice and friendly. The atmosphere is cool and laid back (there are Christmas lights hanging around the entire dining area) and the bathrooms are clean. The stalls even have chalkboards and chalk so you can leave a little message for future visitors ;-)I recently came on Saturday night as a group of 5. 
The food: It was ok. The chips & salsa were probably the best thing we had. The nachos weren't bad, but I've had better. The platanos machos would have been better if they weren't burnt. The guava margarita was ok, but a bit too bitter. The food was also very overpriced & so "a la carte" with all the extra costs. 
Service: The main reason why the rating is so low. The service was just not good. It took at least 15 mins before chips & salsa & water came to our table (mind you not by our actual server). Then, it took another 15 mins before our server came to our table to take drink & food orders. The food also took long to come out after ordering & all we ordered were appetizers. She also had general lack of attentiveness for the rest of the time. We would have been able to deal with it more if we had at least been acknowledged but earlier after being seated. 
I don't think I'll be returning anytime soon.I took my mom here while she was in town and we both loved it! I ended up getting a Shrimp Burrito and she got a chimichanga. Both meals were delicious and filling. We also had guacamole which was very good as well. My favorite part of my meal was the cucumber jalape침o margarita! It was so good that I would even go back for drinks before heading out in the city. Cant wait to go back!First off, let me say, 'Wow". I was with a couple friends in Philadelphia for the day yesterday and they wanted to go here for a friend's birthday. It was crowded when we got there and really dark. The restaurant was lit only by candle light and string lights along the walls. I am glad we got a table in the back by the window because I don't think I would have been able to see anything sitting anywhere else. I ordered the Enchiladas de Pollo and it was wonderful. It's sort of funny because I always thought I didn't like mole, but it's because I've never had Dos Segundos's mole. It wasn't overly sweet, it wasn't overly chocolaty, it was very good and the chicken was cooked so tender. My hat off to the chef! Also, I typically never like margaritas, but that was until I had Dos Segundos Blood Orange one. It was served in a small glass but the constancy was perfectly smooth. I'm used to places making them like smoothies where you can taste the ice pieces. I don't typically give people 5 stars but I cannot really say anything bad about my experience. I mean the check took really long to get to my table but they were busy as heck so I understood.Key Mexican place in NoLi. We haven't had a bad meal yet. Great thing is they offer whole weekend brunch! Check out the specials board when you walk in. You can't go wrong with anything on that board.
Ordered: chips and green and red salsa is served on the house. So addicting. margaritas are a must. Try the seasonal ones, mango, watermelon, etc. my fav is the mango. As for good... don't miss the piggy wings with blue cheese sauce. It's a special board item and are out of this world. Imagine the favors of buffalo wings, with the neatness and tenderness of ribs. Yum! We usually go for the tilapia fish tacos, shrimp tacos or carnitas. Yes we love our pork. Oh... the guacamole is a must. They come with different thicker corn chips.
Service: everyone here is great and on point. Always looking out for refills on waters and chips and salsa.
Overall: must try. Our go to Mexican restaurant in the area.My girlfriend got off work early, around 15:30 on a Monday, and we decided to venture out on a whim. The place was just about empty, we first sat near the bar. The bartender was very cool. We drank Tecates until happy hour (4-6) and we moved to a table near the window because there was room to do so and my girlfriend thought it was dark near the bar. I was cool with it but......the waitresses were attentive and nice. I had empanadas and my girl had the wings with some passion fruit sauce, I think. I tried some, it was good but they tasted a bit like pork. My beef empanadas with guac were awesome, and we also got watermelon margaritas half off during happy hour that were GREAT. I would definitely come back. Why four stars then, you ask? My only reservation.....and maybe it's nothing but.....we were pestered by flies terribly and it was a little annoying. Two and three at a time when we first got our food. And so....yeah. Idk what that was about. Next time I'll request a seat on the back patio.This is a review for a recent brunch experience I had here, so perhaps as a bar things are different. We had vegan french toast and mexican style eggs. The orange juice tasted especially from-concentrate that day. The french toast was almost inedibly sweet, and it seemed that bananas were involved somehow. The eggs were middle-of-the-road, with beans and rice. They were not bad, and not special. Service came from a harried waitress with many other duties to perform. I do not think I could return willingly.Unfortunately,I did not read the "details" associated with the restaurant description. It is hipster and indeed loud. The decor is wood so at noise generated will reverberate and amplify. Was looking for a quiet pace to dine / chat with a friend and this was not it. Horrible.
Food- was OK but every item we ordered, including a watermelon marguerite, had a strange aftertaste. Could not put my finger on it but it was there and I have experienced it before, just could not remember. Tried the goat because I have had it in Barbados. Way not the same, heavy barbecue. I will compliment them on the chicken wing appetizer although not worth $11. Then, after I paid the bill, I noticed the margarita my friend ordered started at 5.50 plus 1.50 because it was watermelon ad another 1.00 because it was frozen ( use the term loosely). And the drinks were not large enough to warrant the price.
Doubt I will revisit. Food quality is not enough to overcome the other drawbacks. I can't imagine how loud it is on busy nights.
Also, menu shortened by great deal of vegan items. I am pretty much a foodie purist, if you want vegan, go to a vegan restaurant.
MEH!Enjoyed the empanadas, taco, guacamole and cervezas. 
The waitstaff was nice. Enjoyable place to get some food.The service was pretty bad. But the wet burrito al pastor was solid. But will try to revisit, to see if the service will be better next time.Such great vegan options, attentive and knowledgeable waitstaff, Such high quality food!! I can't believe I hadn't been before but I will definitely be back!Ambience is fun and music is festive. Nice back courtyard. Menu had a lot of options even for vegan and vegetarians. Server was nice and friendly. Service was fast earlier in the evening but then mid-way, it got super slow once the place started getting busy around dinner time. 
People in my party enjoyed the veggie options but I wasn't too impressed. Veggie quesadilla looked limp and tasted bland. Seitan tacos were just ok...I've had better at places like V-street or even food trucks. Drinks were small, watered down and pricey! 
From the reviews, and my own experience, I notice they have the tendency to slip in unsuspected charges without letting you know (substituting vegan sour cream cost extra; they also charged two different prices for the same dish that three of us ordered--and insisted they served us the special even though it looked and tasted the same as the daily version, which ended up costing an extra 12! 
Overall, it is a fun place to hang out with friends..chips and salsa were awesome and food prices were reasonable so can't complain. 
Make sure to give yourself enough time to look for parking as that neighborhood gets packed with residents and visitors alike.Everything here was on point.
We had fajitas and a special of garlic shrimp and quinoa. They were excellent. We also had pineapple bacon guacamole which was amazing. Their house baked chips are dope.
We drank a pitcher of seasonal margaritas which went down but was a little sweet for my taste.
Good background music. Fun atmosphere with a ton of space. Good service.Nice ambiance, though the outdoor seating is lacking at this northern liberties sister location of its south Philly counterpart. Occasionally you might fall victim to hipster service, though on the whole this establishment offers pretty standard Americanized Mexican Fare.  Free chips and salsa also a nice touch.  Highly recommend the pollo tacos and the fried plantains.The food and margaritas at Cantina Dos Segundos is amazing! Although I was very upset at first because my reservation got screwed up, the hostess was so kind and quick to resolve the issue for our group of ten.
Service was a little slow but they were busy. All of our friends raved about the food and drinks the whole time. The environment is very chill and dark. I love northern liberties and the fact that the Piazza is close for parking. The bar area has a large space with plenty of standing room and some high tables while the other side of the restaurant is almost a seperate sit-down area with lots of tables. There are tables for large parties and as far as I know, a nice outdoor area.
I love that they accept reservations even on Saturdays. Food everyone tried: chicken nachos, tacos, enchiladas, quesadillas, chimichangas, chips and salsa, chicken wing sampler, tres leches cake. Everything was fantastic. I am excited to go back for a date night!I am so in love with the thres leche dessert cake with real fruit.  Highly recommend their dessert and spicy margarita.  Enjoy it outside in their intimate back patio.Dos Segundos is an excellent neighborhood spot with amazing frozen margaritas. They have cheap happy hour specials, but be sure you get there early because they end at 6. The staff is very friendly. This place has a casual/trendy atmosphere and excellent food to back it up.I really enjoyed Cantina Dos Segundos, and was referred by my bartender to join yelp and write a review. 
Excellent margaritas, tacos, and absolutely love the salsa verde.
Can't wait to go back!Pros: 
-bottomless chips & salsa (free)
-exceptional micheladas
-friendly staff
-clearly noted vegan & vegetarian menu items
-great drink menu
-tasty guacamole
Cons:
-uhhh.........none? TBD?
This is quickly becoming one of my favorite spots to eat in the city. Great for brunch and dinner, great drink menu... I've gotten different stuff each time and haven't been disappointed yet. So far my favorite has been the chimichanga. If I had enough money I would eat here everyday.This is by far one of my favorite restaurants in northern liberties. The brunch items are awesome, and happy hour specials are great too! They typically have half priced margarita pitchers for happy hour, and every flavor I've tried has been delicious. I've had a ton of items on their menu, and have never been disappointed with my choice. If you're in the area, definitely a place to stop and try...you won't be disappointed!Ever since my bestie moved from Rittenhouse to NoLibs, I've been venturing more and more to that previously unknown land. One of my more recent treks took me to Cantina Dos Segundos. My friend and I have that level of understanding where the first thing we did was look at the margarita list and wordlessly agree to order a pitcher of the watermelon and basil. That was a good call. They were a bit weak for my booze-hardened tastebuds, but that might be due to the fact that it was a pitcher and, therefore, prone to the ravages of time-induced dilution. In any event, they were delicious.
As were my chicken tacos, coincidentally enough. I nom-nom-nom'd through the whole trio in between frequent pauses to relish in the chips and salsas. Both the salsa verde and the smoky, red chipotle salsa tickled my fancy en una manera muy sensual.
Needless to say, I plan to return to this lurvely Mexican joint on the reg.Went here for girls night drinks. Let me say that I HATE tequila. ( I know, I must be the spawn of satan or something.) Anyway, we had a pitcher of blood orange margaritas and a pitcher of passion fruit. Both were good but the Blood Orange stood out. 
We also ordered Black Bean Nachos and an order of Fried Plantains. The Plantains were sweetened, then fried, and topped with a cream sauce, cheese, and scallions. YUM YUM.
Looking forward to dinner here some night.This place is a good spot for some drinks and hang out with a large group of friends. This place feels very dark inside, but the food is good. I had the tacos americano and it's hard shelled tacos. Very tasteful and melts in ur mouth. It's location is nearby all the nice places as well.Not Mexican more like tex-mex, good salsa though. Not going back for really expensive meals that are not worth it. 2 stars because they try hardSolid veggie burrito. Good beer selection, and a nice, chill atmosphere. This is everything that the South Philly location should have been. There's better Mexican food nearby, but those places (Taco Riendo, Que Chula es Puebla) don't serve drinks.I was just looking for a bathroom, but I stumbled into here. We've walked past this place many times, but the external aesthetics didn't have the same nouveau appeal that many of the more refined Philly Mexican joints have, e.g., Tequila's, El Vez. 
We sat at the smallest, most illogically-placed table possible. However, when the chips and salsa came out, that part was forgotten. The red was smoky with a chipotle depth and front-of-the-tongue heat. The green should be bottled, so that I could use it for my breakfast eggs each morning. It tasted so fresh! I've tried to make tomatillo salsa, but I've always found that they can be very bitter and finicky. Places that do it well get my vote. 
The entree(singular, we were full from the salsa) was a double wrapped shrimp taco. It was simple, not grilled, and topped with onions and a tangy crema. I wish we had ordered another so I could be eating them for breakfast. Again, freshness was the key. That goes so far with Mexican cuisine. I also added the bacon-wrapped jalape침o appetizer. Three large peppers were filled with some sort of cheese concoction and topped with bacon and a tangy mayo-chipotle(?) sauce. The peppers were sweet, not hot.  But they were a little too firm for me. Maybe that was by design. I'm not supposed to be eating cheese. Especially to the extent that those things were filled. 
We also had some awesome drinks, but I'm tired of writing about the food, and again, hungry. I'll post s picture of my tequila flights. 
We left feeling full, satiated and craving dessert. Too much richness would have been even worse for me. I'm glad I abstained. We'll be back. If not for the entrees, than the chips and salsa.I had heard about the two dollar taco tuesdays here for quite some time before I managed to get to one. I'd tried in the summer and fall but it was always packed and super noisy. Having finally made it on quiet Tues, I was saddened to learn they only gave 2 options for the taco special, both of which had bbq sauce, which (as a gluten-intolerant) I avoid due to high probability of flour. But instead I ordered the goat taco's and was pleasantly surprised by the quality and quantity! I was scared to pay 10$ for taco's but I got 3 gigantic taco's with additional pico de gallo only an extra .50 cents! Plus the endless chips and salsa was another wonderful aspect. I will definitely be back, and definitely recommend it if you like meat and have a gluten sensitivity, you may not get the special but they have very tasty food!This use to be one of my favorite quasi authentic with a twist Mexican restaurants.  I could put up with the really low light and and extremely loud environment (hard to talk to people) because the food was consistently great.
This evening I ordered take out with a simple chicken chimichanga minus the rice stuffed inside and a side of sour cream.  Here is how that went.
1st order
Only chicken inside and no sour cream
1st call
On hold 5 minutes and a hang up on their end.
2nd call
"We will make you up a new one"
Actual 2nd order
Actual beans with the chicken but the side sour cream still missing and the side lettuce and tomato nearly absent
3rd call
"Yes, sorry about that, we apologize (if tenor of the voice suggested they couldn't give a rip) and a long awkward pause.
I finished the conversation with "sounds like you guys are having a rough night,  you might want to have a talk with your chef, thank you, bye."
I understand things can get screwed up.  No problem.  Perhaps if they turned down the music just slightly, got some sound abatement they could actually hear the orders if they are not going to read them.
The problem is that they are way too expensive to justify any of this nonsense.Came here while visiting Philadelphia for Memorial weekend. I had the carnitas which was ok and my girlfriend had the chicken which was shredded and very flavorful.
The margaritas on the rocks where very good and only $5.  I also had a tecate en una lata that was $2.50.
I would recommend this place to anyone looking for good mexican food with a nice atmosphere.The food was decent and the drinks were ok. The service was slow and awful. Everyone was nice and polite but just slooooowwwwMy bf has been raving about this restaurant for a few weeks so we finally decided to go last night. The atmosphere is nice and cosy. I wasn't a fan of the music. I was expecting, idk, mexican music? They were playing rock/alternative but whatever.
I ordered a pineapple margarita that was just okay, not much tequila in it. They give complimentary chips and salsa which was REALLY good We shared beef empanadas as an appetizer. He LOVES them, I thought they were just okay but I can't quite put my finger on what was throwing them off for me. The quac that came with the empanadas was excellent, however and I ended up scarfing it down with the chips!. I got a chicken chimichanga as my entree and it was very good! My bf got the steak fajitas and he also LOVED it. I tried the steak and must say it was delicious and perfectly cooked.  
I wouldn't say the staff was "friendly" but they were attentive and efficient, which I actually prefer over someone friendly and incompetent. Overall it was a good experience and I'm sure I will be going back in the future.Cantina, I love you. I've loved you for years, and I want to keep loving you. Your chicken nachos are one of the select few foods in philly that I find myself craving. Your blood orange margaritas never, ever disappoint. Free, fresh chips and amazing salsa verde keep me coming back to see you.
But we need to talk. 
Talking is something that humans do. Sometimes they do it at restaurants. Sometimes they talk, hypothetically, AT restaurants on the internet and hope, for the love of god, that someone is reading it, because it's a sad situation when CONVERSATION IS IMPOSSIBLE AT THIS RESTAURANT. Someone on every shift clearly believes that the music (albeit usually very good) MUST BE DEAFENING. AT ALL TIMES. 
Last night I found myself screaming at the top of my lungs at my friend who was sitting approximately 1.5 feet from my face. I became slightly short of breath and a little dizzy. I had been asked to repeat myself approximately 6 times before I gave up. When you start thinking of things to say that are easily lip-read, or just don't even bother trying to explain something because you know that it will take 8 tries to get your point across the vast expanse of SCREECHING BACKGROUND DIN, and you will probably pop your lungs from the effort of the sentence, there's a problem.
Cantina, please turn down the volume. Or else I'm going to have to leave you for loco pez. Regrettably, for realsies. You're breaking my stomach's heart.I think I heard they have great drinks here. I wasn't drinking alcohol at the time I came here last week (lent season). 
I was here for lunch. I don't know but I felt like the menu was missing a few tasty items. Nothing really grabbed me to eat.
I ended up getting the ribs (Costillitas) dish which was okaaayyy. I took the rest home because my party and I were short on time. Even at home it wasn't all that.
I did want to order the fish tacos but I had some not-so-satisfactory fish tacos the night before and that left me too bruised to order it again (even though I had it at a diff place).
The chicken Quesadilla my friend got looked tasty but I didn't taste it. He liked it.
Oh the corn on the cob was great.Came in hungover and wanting some great Mexican food and a good drink. What I got definitely met my expectations. Right after we were seated they delivered perfectly salted chips and two great salsas on the side. I ordered a passion fruit mojito and the other half got a bloody Maria. I LOVED my drink, he was ok with his. Seriously if you like mojito give this one a try. For food we did a breakfast burrito and a small order of nachos. The breakfast burrito was perfectly stuffed and had some really tasty rice in it. Now, we are big eaters and even the small nachos were a struggle to get through. They seemed like the never ended!!! As nacho aficionados we thought these were pretty good, but there are other places in the area where you can get better ones. Overall, it was a really solid option for Mexican in an area with a lot of great choices for Mexican. Definitely give it a try!This place has one good thing.  Marinated pork chimichangas.  everything else i have had there is sub-par compared to anywhere else.  the service is extremely hit or miss, and the crowd is about the same.
old review :
good burritos, decent jukebox, good quesadillas and great guacamole.  The prices are a bit hit but the quality and the service is good.  the service is much better than the south philly originator, maybe they learned from their mistakes or maybe things just go smoother on the other side of market.....ooh burn.
take out is great and their bartenders are fairly nice while waiting for some good take awayThe food was amazing and the service was exemplary. My only qualm was that the food menu was shorter than the drink menu. Despite the lack of options, I was pleased with my meal and I would definitely go back.Always delicious!  I come here when I want to be out and about as well as grabbing good Mexican food in NoLibs.  The place is cool and you can easily walk right by it without even knowing.  It's a dark intimate setting which I think is great, when you're stuffing your face filled with Mexican food.
I always get a flavored Margarita on the rocks with salt here, each and every time, delicious.  Which can become dangerous.  I love the fact they always have Mexican corn in which many places don't do or stop serving.  Everything I've ordered here (I try to order things on the Specials of the Day menu) and it always delivers.  How often can you get jerk shrimp tacos or watermelon soup!?  They were both fantastic.
I usually always order side of garlic kale.  SO good with anything you order and adds the extra kick.
The service here is good too.  Every time I come, the waiter or waitress always remembers my order without paper.  I find that to be so intriguing but they get it right all the time.  If not, they don't feel bad asking it again just so they make sure it's right.
Always a fun time here, and always a happy and full belly.One of my favorite Mexican spots in the city. Started coming here over the summer when I moved into the neighborhood and it quickly became a weekend staple. I absolutely love everything from the staff to that chipotle sauce(more on that later)
The food here is great. First off, the chips and salsa seem standard at first. But I promise you you'll start craving them after you leave just like I do. The chips are the perfect amount of crispy and I end up pouring half the sauces at the table on top of them. They offer tobasco, sriracha, chipotle sauce(drool) and I think another hot sauce. I appreciate this because I am a spicy food lover and I love drunkinly creating hot sauce soups(Ugh, sounds so gross. Drunk me promises it's not). I'm a vegetarian and I think I've tried all the options here. My favorite hands down would be the vege quesadilla. AMAZING. (FYI the portion is huge so I always end up splitting with a friend) 
Now on to the good stuff - THE DRINKS. The pitchers of margarita. Um hello - do I need to say more? The flavors range from blood orange to pineapple and they're all equally delicious. I remember one night my best friend and I ended up downing 2 pitchers( to test out the flavors..all in the name of Yelp) and we had a great time. That was also the night I tried their dulche de leche cake (awesome btw)
All in all, this place is amazing. The atmosphere has that standard hipster vibe complete with the chalkboard menu that is handwritten, the music is nice, the food is great and the drinks are even better.
I do want to say it has a tendency to get very loud so I won't really suggest it as a first date place! Unless of course it's warm, and you get to sit outside and people watch..and eat those chips...and drink those margaritas.Great place- I occasionally stop by in here for a preworkout beer when Body Arts is not open yet, but since me hand is fractured I will just stop in for their kickass happyhour- I probably should stop by here more often now that I think bout it. Anyway the happy hour, both the regular and the late night (9-1am)have 1/2 off pints and margarita pitchers- late night is not vaild fri-sat. Personally not a huge margarita guy but they are better here then at el camino real-a lot stronger.  I probably would only give this place a 3 based on food, but since most eastcoast places produces more Mexican't instead of Mexican grub, I'm gonna curve it to a 4 partiall b/c their jalepeno and cucumber margatita is a pitcher of kick ass.  I have tried quite a few of the steak, chicken and pork dishes. I am more partial to the steak dishes esp the steak nachos, although every wait staff has hyped up the pork which actually is my least favorite filling out of the 3. But that is just my opinion, what is also disappointing is they don't use corn tortillas which i prefer esp w/ my tacos. Either way a solid pick to grab some nachos and a drink.*WORST SERVICE EVER**
We had reservations here for dinner for a large group. My friend and I arrived there a bit early so we decided to get a drink at the bar. After I ordered drinks, I realized that I didn't have my ID and the bartender told me she couldn't serve me (totally fine, I didn't argue). We sat there for 10 minutes assuming that my friend will get served because the bartender didn't say anything to her. So we asked her where her drink was and she goes "I thought you were leaving". NO we didn't say we were leaving. Then she takes her drink order AGAIN to serve her and then comes back 2 seconds later saying she can't serve us at all because I didn't have my ID (fine, whatever). At this point, we were just gonna sit at the bar and wait for our friends to come so we can sit at our dinner tables when they arrive because 6 people needed to be there for us to sit. 10 minutes later this bartender brings my friends drink and serves her (I thought she told us that she couldn't serve her either.). And then another 15 minutes later, she comes up to us and tells us that we cannot sit at the bar AT ALL because it's "the law). I would have been totally ok when she told us that my friend and I cannot sit at the bar or order drinks when I told her that I didn't have my ID in the first place. If she knew so much about the laws, she didn't need to waste 30 minutes of ours to tell us what the law is. 
The only good part about their food is their green and red Salsa. Chips were just weird in texture and flavor. I tried the Chimichangas and Veg. Quesadilla and I couldn't eat any of it after the 1st bite. 
Watered down and weak margaritas. I felt like I was drinking fruit juice with their margaritas. Like common, I'm paying $9 for this, and the glasses aren't even that big. 
Raven, our waitress was awesome. She kept filling our empty glasses and was always around when we needed refills on Salsa. The food did take pretty long to come out, but maybe because we were a group of 15 people. 
I'm giving this place a 2 star. 1 star for our awesome waitress Raven, and another one for the green salsa. This place deserves nothing more.
I will never return back here again.I heard they were starting to do brunch daily so I came in shortly after noon on a Friday. It was a nice day so I sat outside. I was handed the menu (one side breakfast, one side lunch/dinner items), but my waiter did not offer up whether or not there were any specials. 
I wanted the Huevos Rancheros with a side of chorizo. My waiter was apparently confused by this addition and pointed out that there were also Huevos con Chorizo on the menu. That's not what I wanted - I wanted the Rancheros because I wanted the black beans & mexican rice - & I tried to explain it again. He told me "ok well I can give you the chorizo on the side." Ding ding ding! There we go! You got it! Why was that so hard? 
My food came out and was delicious! I made little egg, bean & chorizo tacos with the tortillas my platter came with. The rice and beans were soooooo good, I wish there had been more. I had a pineapple margarita which was a little on the weak side but not so bad. (I'd been here another time with some friends and we ordered a few pitchers of margs that were strong and on point, so I was a little disappointed.) The place wasn't very busy but it was still kind of hard to get my waiters attention & waitress who was waiting on the table next to mine kept checking up on me & she wound up bringing me my check instead. Meh.
I would also recommend the chicken chimichanga: it's amazing, huge and only $9!Great Mexican food.  Probably the closest thing to authentic "street" Mexican food that I've had in Philly.  The brisket tacos were to die for.  The ribs were great.  The jackfruit and carnitas tacos were great.  Decent enough beer selection.  Salsa was good.  Arrived late so didn't get to try the guacamole.  I'll be back for sure (and I'll write a better review after the next visit--it's 3:15am right now).We have been to this restaurant multiple times and have always had a great experience. However this past weekend was very disappointing. From the moment we walked in the door the hostess try to talk us out of taking a table even though the restaurant was empty they were only two other parties at other tables and the bar was full but very noisy and she encouraged us to sit at the bar because the service at any of the tables would be nonexistent. We decided not to take her advice and to sit at a table and we were served promptly and very professionally. The food was as good as always however a pitcher of margaritas tasted like there was no alcohol in it , so that was disappointing. We also noticed that the same hostess appeared to be profiling people as they walked in the door , we watched three different groups of people walk in only a couple of minutes apart from one another and two of the three were people that she told the same story to , that there was no service available and that she didn't recommend them taking a table , another party came in and she sat them immediately.. we will not return here ..Dos segundos is our favorite Mexican place. Authentic food with a twist that caters to people who have allergies/preferences etc. we had Raven as a waitress and just wanted to let everyone know she was amazing!!!Just tried this place out tonight. I normally dont go around the piazza/no libs because I cant stand all of the rich suburbanites playing 'city life' but i decided to check this place out. 
I was really surprised, the prices were great, (3 people with drinks came out to 45$) the service was excellent and the atmosphere was nice. I couldnt believe a restaurant would have $3 kennizigers and yuengling. Unheard of. 
The food was delicious as well. I am hispanic myself and everything was awesome. The guacamole was fresh, the sliced avocado tasted like it was marinated in lime (awesome) and the vegetarian beef tacos were great and made on corn tortillas just like they should be. 
The margaritas that were ordered for the two women with me seemed like a rip off at first because they are the smallest margaritas you will ever see, but it turns out they are extremely potent so it works out pretty well.
Definitely will be going here again. My only complaint was the annoying white lady sitting behind me who kept complaining about 'broken sidewalks and dirty streets in the ghetto'I love this freakin place! The Piccadillo empanadas are by far my favorite thing on the menu, however most of the food is really yummy. The tequila selection is TOP NOTCH. The margarita flavors are standard. Love the atmosphere and the crowd. Nice central place in NoLibs if you want to go out in the area!Food is good, service is quick, and the drinks are great! It gets crazy busy on typical night's just like every other place around the area, but if you go for lunch or on a Wed night, it's good times.Stopped here randomly on our (drinking) trip through Philly. Great food, great drinks & very reasonable! My only "complaint" would be our server, as he looked and seemed like he was on something. Also, our drinks took awhile to make and it wasn't that busy. Otherwise, everything was great! The food was awesome and you couldn't beat the atmosphere. They also have vegan options which is always great to see. Will definitely come again next time I'm in town!This place is great!  
I actually came here based on Yelpers reviews and you did not lead me wrong, thanks fellow lovers o the Yelp.  
We had margaritas, mojitos, and chimis.  We loved every single minute of this place.  The food portions are HUGE!  You will not be disappointed.  The drinks are wonderful.  But the best part IMO is the red sauce they give you for the chips, I think it has a lil chipotle in it.  Yum.  
Check them out, you will adore this one.The most terrible experience! My company made reservations for 20 people. Upon arrival, we were told to wait at the front until half of our party arrived. If you haven't been, the entrance is extremely narrow and hardly fits 4 people comfortably. In addition to the heavy traffic coming and going because of happy hour we were the elephant blocking the entrance while people attempted to enter and exit. One of our employees asked if we could be seated because we made reservations ahead of time and we were blocking their entrance with no where to sit or stand without being in the way. The manager had pink hair (I can't remember her name) she was extremely rude and unaccommodating. Once half of us arrived, we were then escorted to our table. As an FYI most of my colleagues use English as a second language,
they are much more comfortable speaking in Spanish (keep that in mind). My CEO asked for at least triple of all of the appetizers when we were initially seated as well as 3 pitchers of sangria and a bottle. The server was extremely impatient, pretended not to understand, rolled her eyes constantly, cut my colleagues off as the attempted to order and was extremely snappy with my CEO regardless of how nice he was to her and how much he was about to spend. She clearly knew that gratuity would be included due to the size of our party and didn't seem interested in being a humble server. When my CEO ordered 20 shots, the manager was called. She came over and used her pen to point and count how many people were at the table, she informed my CEO that she could only provide 16 because the rest of the party had not arrived.  Pretty odd when we asked for more appetizers than necessary... that was fine. When we ordered more sangria than necessary that was fine as well. However the 20 shots with only 16 people at the table at the time was unheard of and unacceptable. He asked for the 20 shots because of how much time it would take for the server to come back and attend us. Not one person in our party was carded at any time. Our marketing director came a bit late after the other half of the party had arrived and she was hassled for for identification. She walked in without issue, she ordered a Margarita from our server and the server walked away and got the manager. The manager came over and requested her ID. Which was really strange since she walked by a hostess and placed an order with the server, instead of the server politely asking for ID she was a bit dramatic and decided to get the manager. After about an hour and a half my CEO left however he left his card open so that we could all stay. My colleagues continued to order food and drinks. By the about an hour and a half later we were told that we had to leave. I have been to unlimited brunches where you are only allotted 1-3 hours to sit because of the specials and unlimited alcohol however to tell paying customers that they have to leave because they have overstayed their welcome is completely insane to me. The message I received is that our business was not wanted... which is perfect because we will not be returning and as a warning, you should think twice before going as well. 
As far as the food. That wasn't Mexican food. I'm not sure what I was served. It wasn't great authentic food. El caminos a few blocks away is much better with good service.I definitely enjoyed my visit here recently.  First, I just love the Christmas lights and skulls and saint candles and everything else they have going on here.  Super cool.  The chips and margaritas are what make a Mexican restaurant for me, and they were both spot on here.  I highly recommend the passion fruit margaritas on the rocks...very refreshing!
The menu was a little strange for me.  Nothing really stuck out, so I ended up ordering a seitan burrito.  They have great vegetarian options here, by the way, this dish being one of them.    It was a very complex burrito, with peanuts and other crazy ingredients, but they all worked very well together.  I enjoyed it immensely.  
My only issue with this place is the accessibility of the menu.  It is easier to find goat than, say, a quesadilla.  Maybe some people like the more exotic dishes, but every now and then a girl needs a fajita!  Other than that I quite like this establishment and see many return visits in my future.Food is good but I mostly go for the drinks. During happy hour $15 could get u drunk for the rest of the night. Definitely one of my favorite happy hour spots.So, I guess I lied when I wrote in my last review that I wouldn't gorge myself - because I definitely did just that last night. As a matter of fact, I was asleep by 8 p.m., that's how liquored up and full I was.
I'll keep this short - last night we got a pitcher of blood orange margaritas since I didn't get to sample that kind last time. They were good, but I think my favorite is definitely the passion fruit.
In terms of food - the goat chimichanga with cheese was OUT OF THIS WORLD GOOD.
I'm considering docking a star because they serve such large portions and it makes me want to die. On the way home my husband said, "I thought I was going to have to pull over to vomit for a second there."
It's pretty much impossible to leave and not feel gigantic. This would be a great place to break a fast...I've never had anything bad here. Actually everything is delicious. Say goodbye to El Vez if that's your thing because the guac here is seriously so good if not better, not to mention the chips it comes with. The food is authentic, but I am a picky eater and I've liked everything I've had so far. Bottom line: dont leave without original guac.
Now to the drinks: I love sweet drinks. The strawberry margs..yessssss. The regular margs, my bf loves and so do all his friends. 
also its a lot better than the place down the street. This bar/restaurant has more character and seems less gimmicky, also the guac...dont forget about the guacWe had a great time at Dos Segunods with a party of 10.  The only downside was that their toilets were all out of order when we went there last Friday! (this is kind of funny if you think about it).  
With our group of characters the waitress was attentive enough, and laughed at their stupid antics.  The burritos were great, salas was good, and the tacos also looked fabulous.  
I had the shrimp taco special at our servers' suggestion, and they were just a little too sweet for my tastebuds, but not bad!
For a fun night, with a reasonable priced menu, I would definitely go back.  
Also, albeit a bit sweet, their sangria was fantastic.  And their beer prices were not bad.BRUNCH!!! Summer 2011 I lived at the Boone Lofts behind the Piazza and frequented this place literally every weekend...twice. Their brunch is SO good, or, at least and/or specifically their huevos con chorizo and the margaritas. Now, with regard to the latter, I should mention I am no margarita snob by any means I just like them ...love them...for their GIANT pitchers, variety of flavors (prickly pear!!) and the strength, which by the way is better when frozen. The huevos con chorizo is the most perfect scrambled egg dish ever and comes up with rice, potatoes, beans, tomatoes and ketchup. Add a little habanero sauce, mix it up and chow down, I am drooling just thinking about it. They also have a yummy green salsa and chips to snack while u drink and wait :)An old favorite in the growing section of Northern Liberties, you really can't go wrong at Cantina for brunch, lunch or dinner.  
While my go-to for this is place is the mahi mahi tacos, I've also had most of the other items on the menu and I've been satisfied. The free chips and the green and red salsas are fantastic as well. 
As for brunch, my favorite is the chorizo and eggs. 
The ambience is a bit dark with colored Christmas lights, so it can be hard for you to read the menu at night if you have eye problems or you're sitting in an odd spot. 
Overall the service is on point and can be better or worse depending on the day. 
Decent bathroom facilities. 
Unfortunately this has now become my #2 fav mexican spot since Loco Pez has opened, but it's still a great spot.My favorite place to grab a pitcher of passionfruit margarita and some nachos. Actually... it's probably my favorite place to eat food in Philly. I have a hard time leaving this place sober and hungry...Even decent mexican food can be hard to find in Philly... but Dos Segundos nails it. I've had brunch, lunch and dinner here (many times) and am ALWAYS happy. I highly recommend a pitcher of frozen passion fruit or blood orange margaritas and anything that includes chorizo. This place is worth heading out to if you're anywhere else in the city and want mexican.Dos Segundos has great food, I have never been disappointed with anything I have ordered. I specifically enjoy the $7 nachos, it's the "small' order but definitely enough to get your nacho fix. Like others reviewers have pointed out -- while the service is great, their staff does seem really busy. I took one star off because I was charged the full price for a virgin margarita.  I am pregnant and was craving margaritas so my husband and I went there last night. We got two - one virgin, one not - and were charged the same price for both. I think the bartender could have taken off a couple of bucks so I definitely won't go back for virgin margs.Good food, good service, good atmosphere. Music is loud as shit. Could hardly hear myself think. Maybe I'll give it another try, but I almost walked out of there.Looking for good food and good margaritas?  For someone who loves Mexican food, this place is a great find for Philadelphia.  I have been here many times, but I always seem to order the goat chimichanga.  Why?  Well, it's deliscious for one, and it's also cheap.  Having fresh guacamole to go with it is also a plus.  The only issues with the restaurant is that it can be crowded and very loud, which also leads to having to look for your waiter/waitress quite often.  Other than that, it's a great place.
Enjoy!I ordered a Chelada. I had to describe to the bartender how to make it. It's not difficult. He was unable or too lazy to follow my instructions. He'll not be going to the Chelada World Championships anytime soon. You'd think that a bartender at a Mexican joint would know how to make something as simple as a Chelada. 
I witnessed the same bartender drop a glass while stocking glasses, pick it up off the floor and proceed to put it on the shelf with the clean glassware.
This is what you're up against.Ordered guacamole here last night to accompany our margaritas and the portion just didn't seem like it used to be.  Lots of chips and peppers, but very little guac.  Not sure what's going on.  Have the price of avocados gone up significantly in the past few weeks?  Anywayyyy... I had the papaya margarita and it was delicious.  Perfect balance of flavors and not overwhelmingly sweet.  Bartenders are always friendly and working together to make sure your glass is never empty for too long.
The bacon at brunch is a must-have.  I think it's fried with liquid smoke or something because it tastes like it came off a grill.  Amazing.One of my favorite restaurants in philadelphia.  The food is amazing and the prices are very reasonable.  You have to get the Mexican corn if you go!  The tilapia tacos are also amazing.  My only complaint would be that the bathroom seems a little too dark and smelly sometimes.  I've been here a couple times with a large group and I have noticed that they tend to mess up the orders often when there are more then 8 people.  The food is so good that this small gripes don't subtract a star from my review.This is the neighborhood spot that I always forget about for some reason.  I was craving Mexican and didn't feel like leaving Northern Liberties (but lets face it, when DO I feel like leaving Northern Liberties??). I thought "If only there was Mexican food within a few blocks of my house- OH WAIT, there is!".  We headed over on a Saturday night around 8.  After a short wait at the bar, we were seated.  
We started out with the complimentary chips & salsa and ordered some guac.  The guacamole is good, but at $8 for a little bowl it's a bit pricey. I normally go with the vegan beef tacos but I was feeling adventurous and went with the seitan taco special.  It had Caribbean flavors of coconut & mango.   It was ok but I much prefer the vegan beef tacos.  I've realized that I really only like seitan when it's crispy. If you're going with a meat substitute, go for  the vegan beef tacos...delicious and simply presented with white onion and cilantro (I add cheese).  
My bf, also feeling adventurous, ordered the shark tacos.  He seemed skeptical but the waiter assured him that if he didn't like them, he'd hook him up with something else. Luckily he did end up liking them. 
Dos Segundos is a great neighborhood spot for Mexican/American snacks & a good margarita.  Yay! I'm a fan!Went for lunch on Labor Day and it was pretty busy! I had the wet burrito and a watermelon margarita as well as a cucumber margarita. I was impressed by all. It's a very dark setting inside, would have loved to sit outside in the back "garden" area. Loved their chips and salsa. I would definitely go back.Can I just say Meredith changed my life? I was ordering on Caviar and he actually ordered online from here before, but was not aware of all the vegan options that Meredith enlightened me too. As a new found vegan who LOVES Mexican it has been difficult to compromise when friends suggest Mexican. I have found the perfect solution!! You can sub vegan mayo, vegan sour cream, vegan cheese for pretty much anything. Love love loveI love Mexican food - LOVE IT - even when it is just so/so it's still pretty good. I found this place to be on the low end of so/so.
First the good points:
- A huge variety of tasty drinks
- We were able walk right in on a busy Friday night and snag one of their few remaining open tables, sans reservation
- Fairly unique menu items
- Good chips and salsa
Now the bad:
- Holy hell, this place is loud! I had to try to read my server's lips anytime we interacted, and she was standing right next to our table! The difficulty was compounded by it being dimly lit.
- The servers seemed a little overwhelmed by the crowd, so food was slow to arrive and it was difficult to get anyone's attention
- My tacos al pastor did not sit well with me at all later that evening 
I know that Mexican food is one of those areas were people feel compelled to lay down their creds to show that they have a valid opinion -- eg "Well, I'm from San Diego, bro, so I KNOW Mexican food" -- so I humbly offer that I dined out almost every night for a year in Phoenix, AZ. Those are my creds, I guess. Take 'em for what they are worth. All I know is that I can eat at the Mexican equivalent of Denny's in Phoenix and enjoy my meal about 10x more.
Based on food alone, this place certianly wouldn't get my return business if it were located in Phoenix. Here, in Philly, eh maybe, but I just didn't really care for the loud/dark vibe of the place, so I probably won't be back. 
If you're looking for a high-volume/energetic place to eat and you are ugly you would probably like this place. The excellent margaritas will make other people percieve you as being at least a little more attractive than you really are, and the darkness will take care of the rest.
So to tally this up:
Good drinks: +1 star
Ok tasting food: +1 star
Unique menu items: +1 star
Ability to walk right in and get a table: +1 star
Loud/busy/dark atmosphere: -1 star
"Digestive distress" afterwards: -1 star
Total: 2 stars. This place ain't for me.I liked the food and drinks, the location is great, eating outside is wonderful, BUT, the chips are too thick. That may sound like I am being picky, but the meal starts with the chips.Mmmm, goat tacos.
The waitstaff is certainly on the super duper hipster side of the fashion aisle, which often enough translates into apathetic or incompetent service (it's often true, I'm just saying it is all) but that is not the case here. 
The margarita I ordered was good but not really amazing or all that special. 
But, seriously, mmmmm goat tacos.I come to Cantinas once a season, usually on a nice night for drinks with friends outside. Cantina is great for just that. On a nice night, it is a great place to pull up a chair with friends and hang out for hours, ordering occasional drinks and food. Cantinas pitchers of frozen margaritas are amazing. I love going here for drinks. However: two major complaints. Their tacos are really gross. I don't know what it is about it but they smell and always taste weird. Also, the service is basically always sub par and slow. They make no effort to offer tabs for individuals and so the check always just turns into a mess of craziness. They are slow to bring out food and refill water as well.3.5 stars. Bleepin Yelp.
I went here last night extremely hungry after working late. First they gave me chips with TWO bowls of salsa. So that was nice and a change from most of the other places here that charge you. The chips were allright, pretty much equivalent to those I've had at Qdoba with some lime flavor crystals/salt. The red salsa was very fresh and had some good flavor to it, though it was on the mild side. The green salsa was very sweet, maybe a little too much cilantro and/or lime. 
I ordered a Super torta, which has carnitas, chorizo, cheese, refried beans on a bun. When they say super, they aren't kidding. It was humongous. And I"m not talking about the Beyond Thunderdome guy it was that big. The meat and cheese and refried beans were so so good. And they perfectly toasted the torta buns. Total heaven.
My service was decent. My server did pay attention to me but she wasn't hovering over me at all. I think she could have come around a bit more, but at the same time I was the only guy indoors at that time of night.  And she did refill my water glass while I was visiting the Men's room.
Its not real mexican, but whatever it is it was tasty overall.
Oh yeah, if you are female, do not wear high heels and drink in this place. The bathrooms are located in the basement so you have to traverse a series of wooden stairs. I thought the drunk woman behind me was going to fall on her ass. Thankfully she made it.
I'll be back.
Oh yeah the name of this place had me singing the lyrics to that A Tribe Called Quest song "I left my wallet in El Segundo". Evil, evil, evil.My partner and I have just begun making a post-paycheck ritual in the last few weeks of paying a visit here that we have no intentions of breaking anytime soon. The absolutely incredible food-- I will forever be chasing the high of actually being able to finish our entire plate of nachos and will never stop over-ordering-- could easily be served by reprogrammed Roombas and I'd be more than satisfied, but instead we have the absolute pleasure of speaking with such kind and fun people that serve us, couldn't fail on providing great drinks and great recommendations... I would continue, but I'd be singing redundant praises. For others-- don't skip the nachos, trust them on their tequilas and absolutely get the flights if you're invested in a good time, and for your own good, try and fail to restrain yourself from filling up on chips and salsa. For the cantina-- you'll be hard pressed to ever get rid of us, and thank you! :)Great Mexican food, I also really like their BBQ. The margaritas are awesome! It's close quarters and loud but a decent place for a late dinner.Don't go here if you want a quick dinner, or even good service. Every time my boyfriend and I come here, we're hounding down our waiter every time we want to order, need something, want the check, anything. The food is good, just a shame that it is not accompanied with good service. The inside is dark and loud but they do have outside seating in the front and back. Happy hour ends earlier than everywhere in the neighborhood. It's hard to enjoy this place.Went here on a Thursday night in the prime of summer.  Inside was relativity empty while the sidewalk out front was packed with people hangin', eating and drinking. 
I went in with my dining partner and we were seated immediately. The first thing I noticed how loud it was. I could barely hear my thoughts or my dining partner who was sitting directly across from me. I thought to myself, I must be getting old if I can't hear that well anymore.
Our waitress was polite and quick and served up a delicious margarita. It was very cool and refreshing and I wish it lasted longer. The flavor was very sweet and I could have drank 100 more. 
I ordered a carnitas burrito. It was very disappointing because it tasted like it came from Chipotle. I was expecting something a little more authentic. It was a good burrito but not great. Also they need to go to burrito wrapping school, if Chipotle can  wrap a burrito just fine, then Dos Segundos could probably do it just as well if not better. 
I would like to come back here and try some of the other dishes since I do love Tex Mex food and there was so much on the menu I would like to try.Their house margarita is great. Their veggie burrito consistently has great vegetables in it; not just the standard onion and green pepper mix - were talking squash, asparagus, portabello mushrooms, and so on. It's great. 
Unlike many mexican restaurants - if you get Guac to go they give you a huge serving (and they charge you for it - I think it's something like $7-8)  and I do love that.
It's very, very loud in here. Especially at night. I hate that. So I don't love to go out to eat here, unless it's warm and I can sit outside. But otherwise, this place is great.Hands down favorite Mexican place in Philadelphia. I only take one star away because the hipster service can he TERRIBLE...but the food and delicious margs make up for the 2 hour wait you'll sure to experience... Love the steak nachos, shrimp tacos and mahi mahi burritos. I've never had a bad dish here- only bad service.Outstanding service! I've walked by the place several times but resisting the urge to go in. They serve brunch all the time, the feel is quaint and authentic with a hipster vibe. I highly recommend the Plantinos Muchos . My tastebuds exploded. Also - pork belly tacos changed my life! Throw some jeans and a hoodie on and come down - you won't regret it.It is SOOOO GOODDD!!!  It tastes like Mexican food I have tried in CA. Damn good!!! It is the best in Philadelphia!!! 
And, I ordered to go. The service is good as well.  Highly recommended!!!Food was excellent! Service could've been a bit better. Only complaint was how loud it was in there. Will definitely be back though.Who knows how good they are?  The bartender waited on everyone but us.  I do know that it was too loud and all surfaces were sticky.  After 10 minutes of watching her work the bar on either side of us we left and came to Jerry's.  MUCH better service and vibe.Im fairly certain that Cantina is the reason I moved to Northern Liberties.
Nowhere else in the city can I get a completely bangin  margarita (frozen blood orange, you cant go wrong) and delicious food with a nice sit down vibe.
While I mainly come for the excellent margaritas, my go to snack is the black bean and plantain empanadas.  They are simply to die for.  The guacamole is amazing as well, and the chips that are served with them are thick and delicious.  Honestly Ive never had a bad dish from their place.Margarita pitcher fills nearly 8 glasses .. talk about value!
Got the beef empanadas, they are generously filled with beef, and chunky homey guacamole on the side. The two ladies who got burrito/chimichangas had half their plate to spare! Their meat is definitely quality, and the chips keep coming. 
They are usually crowded, but the super friendly and speedy service make the wait much more bearable. Great Northern Liberties alternative to El Camino Real!I went to Dos Segundos for the second time a few days ago, and I have to say my feelings are mixed about it: 
1. No complaints about the food. I had a burrito and it was flavorful, even tasty. Mind you, I wasn't expecting a gourmet meal from a Tex-Mex spot in Northern Liberties staffed by a bunch of people who probably can't pronounce half of the stuff on their menu, but it was good nonetheless. 
2. I ordered a frozen blood orange margarita, which was ok. My only complaint was that I guess the waiter took too long to bring it over because it wasn't very frozen when it got to the table. I know it was crowded, but please - if I'm paying the extra dollar for a ridiculously small margarita, there is no reason why I shouldn't get what I asked for. 
3. Are the servers really too lazy to tell their tables about the specials? The hostess quickly pointed to a chalk board covered in messy writing that was, for the most part, illegible since someone was a little heavy handed with the dimmer switch. 
4. Maybe if they turned down the music a couple decibels I could hear both the waiter - and my date. It was so loud the windows were shaking. Between that and all the people talking, it was impossible to have a conversation. I sound like my grandmother, but its the truth. We found ourselves screaming to keep the conversation going. 
In summation, I'll be going back because I was happy with the food and it seems like a nice place to chill with a group of friends. It would have been a nicer overall experience if the staff were a little bit more friendly - out waiter had no personality whatsoever and was awkward at best when he came to the table. Maybe he was new...?I like this resturant, I had the seafood ceviche, coconut shrimp, and seitan burrito. Very happy with the dishes, the drinks are also well made, I suggest the Endless Summer and the Margaritas. Happy hours in the summer are fun here.I love the chimichangas here. They are so fillinf. I can never eat the entire thing. The mango margaritas are awesome. This has become one of my favorite Mexican places to visit.Great taco spot that I visited on my day trip to Philly. I had the goat tacos and they were great, not to hard to chew either. They also have a great tequila selection as well!Very nice place, it's located right in the midst of I guess what you could consider "fishtown" on 2nd street. Nice sized bar, indoor and outdoor seating. We came for dinner a few hours before closing on a Sunday night. Opted not to sit outside because it was a little chilly,we took a nice window seat instead. My only complaint about our seating,was that the table was too small for all of our food! Lol the meal started with chips and dip(awesome) and we ordered chips and guacamole so good!
Our next item was elote (corn), although too charred it was pretty good especially the spicy sauce they played it on. For our entrees I ordered Tilapia tacos   so good! My gf ordered the faghita, it was so good she had to order extra sides. I'd definitely recommend this place, I'm looking forward to our next dinner dateOne of my favorite casual places in the city to go! Food is always good and reasonably priced, and the margaritas are awesome! The staff is always friendly. Not the fanciest place in the city but I highly recommend it for a casual meal.One of my favorite Mexican spots in the city.  The food portions are rather large, I almost always have to doggie bag it.  The salsa verde....yum.  Cucumber jalapeno margaritas...delicious and deadly.  I might have fallen down the flight of stairs leading to the bathroom last time a group of us had a handful of pitchers!  
  Of all the places I have been in the city...this spot has the largest selection of tequila.  Maria one of the bartenders is super knowledgable and will breakdown tequila with you for days!  She knows what's shes talking about!So I use to come here a lot but last two visits did not go well. Their margaritas were once really well made but lately quality has gone down! We got a pitcher and they were completely watered down last two time. When we told our server about it at the very beginning he said that they are fine but he could get shot of tequila for 5 bucks per person which would technically make the price of pitcher close to 55 bucks! They were not even apologetic about it. Seems like quality is trending down and they don't care about it!Great place. As I am a big fan of tequila, the fact that this place has an entire wall of it made it quite endearing.
One thing I found myself searching for is whiskey. I understand the effect of a whole wall of tequila, but whiskey should never be left out of the equation. Maybe it was there and I didn't see it, but I searched for some time and it's a bar so brightly lit it is not. They also have great mojitos and margarita if that's your thing, often having a special flavor too. The blood orange mojito was something new and worth a try. The bartender is great; a charming asian guy is usually there and even remembered my ex-girlfriend the last time I was in there, which to me is why I tip well, so the next time I come in I can get the same drink I had last time with nothing more than a nod of the head. 
I liked the interior space; it has essentially two rooms, one all tables and chairs seating and the other was a mix of high tables & chairs with a bar tucked in one corner. The rail that separates the walking space is a nice touch when it gets a bit more crowded. The outdoor seating is nice but the last time I was here they were doing construction with scaffolding and fencing on the building next door which didn't provide the best backdrop but what can ya do?
As far as eating here, I am a big fan. First off, any place that gives you housemade nachos and salsas while you decide is alright by me. They give you a bowl of chips and I want to say some adobo-based salsa and then a tomatillo (tiny green tomato) salsa which are quite good. On my first visit to this place I started out more speculative, trying dishes I know you can't mess up, ala a burrito. Not let down, I returned on many an occasion to sample a good deal of what else was left on the menu. Steak, chicken, salad, etc. and they're all great and unique in their own little ways. One item in particular that caught my eye was the fact that they had goat. And in my last visit I see they make a shirt that notes the fact adorning the wall. So I chose to get a goat burrito and some fried plantains (Platanos machos) and a nice Chili beer. The goat burrito was great and had a good balance of ingredients inside, unlike most places where you're getting about 3/4 rice. The fried plantains were great and could really be eaten before, during, or after a meal, it didn't feel like dessert as I'd previously inferred. 
And as far as the beer, it has a pickled jalape침o in it which made the beer rather spicy. To put this straight: 
1) I like spicy things, jalapenos pickled or fresh are more than alright by me.
2) I like beer. It's a battle of hydration & dehydration but I like the fight.
That being said, it's never a combo I'd like to try again. I don't really care for Bloody Mary's either, so maybe that's a sign that I missed.
The jukebox is relatively up to date (Girl Talk) but had some great classics on it as well.
All in all, you'll be seeing me again Dos SegundosCame here Saturday night around 7. The restaurant was packed both inside and out. We were seated near the front next to a large table of 8. the first thing we both noticed was how loud it was. Too loud. Our server took our drink order shortly after we sat down and the chips/salsa came after that. The chips are the best I've had on the East Coast, the green salsa is amazing and the red is delicious as well. The Marg's were weak and the lime juice tasted off.  We both ordered the tilapia taco special. They are loaded with yummy fillings.  The chipolte sauce was perfect.  I asked for mine spicy so they threw some jalepeno's on top. The order included 3 tacos, and it is a lot of food. I highly recommend, the tacos are by far, the best Mecican food I've had in PA.I had the pleasure of dining here tonight,upon arrival i was warmly greeted by a most friendly and helpful hostess a young lady who seated me promptly & was rather very pleasant and i couldn't help but notice keeping very busy busing and setting tables and efficiently seating people simultaneously.
My server was equally adept at her duties as well as i was promptly served complimentary generous portions of chips and 2 rather tasty dips.
I ordered the chicken chimachanga  ..it was also very tasty with obvious high quality ingredients.
All the patrons seemed to be enjoying themselves and there food all looked delish.
I passed on the drinks and dessert perhaps next time..which will be soon..Very good mexican food.  Fun bar/restaurant atmosphere.  Chicken tacos were delicious and burrito was enormous.  Vegetarian and carnivore friendly.  Decent beers on tap and nice sangria/margarita/cocktail menu.  Look forward to going backGood authentic Mexican food, great beer selection,good salsa, fresh ingredients,nice atmosphere, good location.An all around nice dinning experience with good service and fair prices small menu with specials board and some real good soups and margarita's.I've been here many times and have not been disappointed yet...Enjoy.
    Visited January 2012All their margaritas are pretty awesome. I would highly recommend the blood orange one on the rocks. Their salsas to accompany the chips is what really draws me to this place. Its got a unique taste to it. The food is also great, its one of the better places in the Northern Liberties area.Went with the empanadas, and chorizo tacos. Everything came out quickly; however, they forgot my side of fried yuca. Sadly, I forgot all about it until after we left. I will say that the margaritas were wonderful and the food was also quite tasty. The atmosphere is a little loud though, so be prepared for having to listen intently to the people in your party.I love it here.  I've gone many times but I can't stop getting the same thing every single time.  That sweet, spicy, generously-sized octopus appetizer, and those goddamn chorizo tacos with jalapenos.
Sometimes I skip the appetizer, but I never skip those chorizo tacos.  The meat is just so perfectly browned, dripping with juices and so beautifully spiced, the doubled-up tortillas are so good I could eat a stack of them by themselves, and then I add jalapenos for some added kick.  Wow.  So good.  And there's three of them!  That is precisely one too many!  But I don't care, I try anyway, for the love of the taco.
I only wish I had the self-control not to fill up on those free chips so I could somehow save room for a different dish.
I should also mention that the carnitas tacos are delicious, I've tried them many times because my girlfriend is similarly afflicted with a Cantina addiction.  So delicious.
I should also note that I may have lied above, I've tried a few other things, but I can barely remember them, I only have eyes for the chorizo.Randomly stopped in as I was visiting from San Diego, and was blown away by how delicious the food was. The chips and salsas, and my meal - hickory carnitas - were all AMAZING!We went here for dinner on Saturday night. The outside was packed, but not the inside so we were seated inside. We ordered a pitcher of a white sangria which was really good and we really liked free chips and two salsa dips. 
Overall, the food was pretty good, experience was just ok, it seems like this place over hyped. The music and place were so loud we had to shout at each other.
We may go back there if we are in the neighborhood, but I would go out of my way to eat here.This place is am-ah-zing! 
Complimentary chips and epic salsa that is paired ever so perfectly with their wide variety of margaritas.
Fabulous authentic Mexican dishes and a great ambiance; low lighting and a good crowd with the ability to still hold a conversation with your dining partners.  Get the Mahi Mahi tacos or their enchaladas! Good Mexican is hard to come by, but this place hits the spot!Great food! Stopped here for dinner on Memorial Day. Ambiance was young, urban, if a little on the loud side. Started out with a pitcher of Sangria. It was good for about 6 glasses of drinks. Stuck to the main menu as I didn't notice the specials board until after ordering. 
Chip sauces were yummy and plentiful as were the chips themselves. I prefer the thinner chips and these were my kinda chips.
For an appetizer tried the wing mix which was three types of wings. I loved the chipotle-barbecue. But wow, they were pretty messy.
Steak tacos were delicious as were the sides of Mexican rice and black beans. My favorite side was the Mexican greens. Not oily in the least with great flavor and super healthy.
Dance of joy - healthy selections, vegan and vegetarian options, not overly oiled or sauced
Weeps and wails - maybe a bit loud sometimes
Overall...the crowds tell the tale. This place is always crowded. Why? 'Cause it's awesome.I enjoyed the atmosphere of this place, the decorative ceiling to the details. The food is not that crazy expensive as in other CC Mexican restaurants & they also have a brunch special for drinks If I recall correctly; any day of the week from 11-4pm with $4 bloody marys, although the bloodys were overly spiced up it was a more than a decent price. 
My husband and I have been there 3 times already, all the times for brunch. We have tried, The Tacos, The Salmon Benedict's and Chilaquiles which they haven't disappointed evrytime. The prices are reasonable and nothing too expensive. The upcharge for the extra stuff on the tacos brought up the price to a point that we paid  the same for the tacos and the Benedict's $15. The best thing is the chip and salsa! Thank you!! I have visited some other  Mexican restaurants and I dont recall the Chip and Salsa treats, at least here in Philly. Most of the places Ive been in Chicago and Milwaukee they do provide them at not charge so, thank you! It's always nice to munch on something while waiting and your salsas are really good! Trust me, Im Mexican. 
The service was forgettable those 3 times we've been there. The last waitress we had seemed rushed. Trust me, we are not picky, or one of those annoying customers who complain and ask 1000 questions ( when most of the answers are on the menu). We sit, order, eat and go. There's room of improvement there. 
Overall ! This is a place to go if you're in No Libs. We have never waited to be seated and Food, Drinks are at a good value !I want very much to like this place. Sometimes I go there and have great food and good service. Others I have okay food and marginal to downright bad service.I love a restaurant that has a diverse range of possibilities.  Come here on a date and sip on a romantic margarita.  Join a large group and get rowdy with a pitcher.  Or, just sit at the bar and eat by yourself.  I agree with reviewers who enjoy this location more than the South Philly location.  The table arrangements actually allow for a conversation and I found the service to be better. 
I came here on a Saturday night around 9:00 and there was a half-hour wait.  No matter - we strolled around the Piazza and came back to be seated.  I had vegan beef tacos which were delicious.  The yuca fries were standard aka delicious.  For dessert we had the peanut butter bomb.  Don't ask questions - just go for it.
This is quality food with a lively but not too overwhelming atmosphere.I've been here so many times and can't believe I haven't written a review yet.  Even before moving to Northern Liberties, it was one of my favorite restaurants in the 'hood, which is a difficult feat.
It has a great vibe, with a small bar in the main room, and a long dining nook to the left.  I've had decent service every time I've been there.  Their bar isn't much of a 'sports bar', as they only have one TV and it's fairly small/quiet.
They have a ton of vegetarian options and I've had many of them.  From their guac to the black bean soup to the veggie wings...their apps are delicious.  The vegan cheesesteak burrito is amazing and huge - definitely can share it with someone.  They also have great drinks, including this spicy margarita that just hits the spot.
Overall, a solid Mexican place that's not completely Mexican...homestyle dishes in a fun/unique setting.Good food. OK bar.  Nice environment.  Not quite as good at its counterpart on Passyunk.  Good place for DJ afternoon parties, Mexican celebrations.Going to Dos reminds of my time when I lived in SoCal...if I really did live there.  I've had some legit Mexican food but not in the east coast until now.  You can't go wrong with any of the items on the menu.  The portions are huge and the chips and salsa are never ending.  The tequila is also really good.  Great for happy hr!  What more can you say?  Just give this place a chance and you'll come back for moremusic was ridiculously loud. we waited 15 minutes before we got our menu. food was good. our beer was flat and our waiter mike didnt take it off the bill.  service was bad. not worth it. and it looks dirty.The chips and salsa and fair beer prices were the best part about it.  The food was definitely mediocre.Came on a Tuesday night and was seated right away, which was good! However, upon ordering, waiter was rude and very condescending when I asked questions about the menu. My friend ordered the Asada (medium rare) and I ordered a wet burrito with asada. My friend's asada was a quarter fat and the asada in my burrito was very burnt. This made the burrito difficult to eat. Also, food was overpriced compared to the quality of the food. Two stars for ambience, very chill.Delish. Had vegan fajitas and every part of them was perfectly cooked and tender. Soup was flavorful and just popped with flavor. Couldn't ask for a better meal except that the drinks to go with them were fantastic as well. :) 
Mojitos in case you were wondering. 
Server was the best.We had a great experience here last night. After being screwed over by Bar Ferdinand (renigging on our reservation last minute), we were a group of hungry ladies who wanted to get a little wastys and eat some delicious food.
Low and behold as we were walking up second street, we decided to give the Cantina a try. Even though it was 8 on a saturday night, they said that if we hung out for a little while they could seat a party of 6 in 20 minutes. SCORE.
So we swagger over to the bar and order up some delicious blood orange and strawberry margaritas! I am known to enjoy a delicious sweet frozen drink every once in a while, especially on a girls night!
We got seated shortly after we finished our first drink and the service was swift and efficient. Our table was happy with our food choices. Empanandas, burittos (I got the chorizo burrito, a little salty and bloat inducing, but pretty good all around), mexican hot dogs, fajitas, quesadillas. Every one was pleased. 
We also probably went through the entire flavored margarita menu ordering some mangos, some prickly pears and a few that  I cannot remember. 
For 6 of us with full bellies and a few less brain cells, the bill was only about $150. Not a bad situation. 
I highly recommend this place, just wish they would stop being so heavy handed with the salt.
xoOne of my favorite places to go in northern liberties. Bartenders are always friendly and knowledgeable and their food and drinks are to die for.
I usually get some arrangement of of nachos , corn on the cob, guacomole & white chips.. 
Their pitchers are also a huge reason why I go there. Their happy hours are the best and if the only tequilla you've ever had is Jose quervo PLEASE try one of their flights, you'll be so surprised.Jalape침o margaritas are delicious. Ceviche is on point. Great nachos. The churros leave much to be desired.Fried Plantains with quest fresco sauce. Wild mushroom quesadilla.  These are the things to live for.  This place can get really crowded and cramped, even in the outdoor area. Definitely not a place to take kids. As such, service can be on the slower side when they're slammed. The food is do worth it though. Generally pretty good music playing in there tooThe service here is great. They work like a team, everyone's friendly and works hard, but when I showed up for brunch on new years day 2017, it seemed that several people had called in sick with the hangover "flu," because it took about an hour for the food to come out. My dish of eggs and chorizo wasn't anything special- they were scrambled together, and served on a plate with white rice, refried beans, and pico de gallo.  seriously, nothing special.  However, after waiting an hour to eat, I scarfed the plate down.  I'll go back, since it's in the hood, but I'll probably stick to drinks at the bar and maybe a snack- I can't wait that long for brunch.Margaritas are good. That's it. Want real Mexican go to taco Riendo at 5th and Thompson. This places blows, it's not even good Mexican American. The shrimp tacos were white. Shrimp is supposed to have a tan or red color to it and you can tell how frozen and old there shrimp was cause it was pure white. They were chewy and flavorless. My boyfriend ordered the chicken tacos which seemed to have flavor but were incredibly dry.The synopsis - Food is good, I will come here again.
For appretizers, we got the mexican corn (elote). I'm used to getting it from a street vender and it seemed a little pricey (being about ~$3) but it was pretty good but a little small which is why I kind of have reservations about the price (kind of a cheap-o sometimes).
I had a watermelon margarita on the rocks (manly I know) because they had a special on it and it was great. Not candy but not tossing back straight up tequila either.
We ordered chimichangas and they were GREAT! Large, delicious, and oh so crispy on the outside. I got al pastor as my meat and it wasn't the best al pastor (not enough marination) I've had but everything else about the gigantic fried burrito was delectable.
Damnit, my mouth is watering...I love Mexican food.  Other than pizza, Mexican food is what my brain always craves no matter what other cuisine I attempt to introduce to my palette.  My boyfriend is also from Mexico, so I'm pretty spoiled to have amazing, authentic Mexican food prepared for me on a regular basis.  However, there are those times that I venture out for Mexican food and Dos Segundos is right around the corner and is pretty cheap and consistently good.
I have been here more times than I can think of, and I usually get different varieties of the burrito, if I don't unintentionally fill up on the chips, salsa and margaritas first.  I am fairly sure it is seasonal, but they sometimes have a spiced apricot margarita that is amazing.
I recently had to plan a dinner outing for 10 people, and the group included extended family members, my divorced parents and their S.O.s, siblings, etc AKA an outing that needed to run smoothly.  I picked Dos Segundos based on the fact that they take reservations and has a pretty laid back atmosphere, and I was reasonably sure everyone would be satisfied.  Thankfully I was correct, and everyone got acceptably toasted on tequila and not a single person had a complaint about their food.  Even my boyfriend was pleased with the Half Chicken Mole Rojo, a decent compliment since he hails from the Mexican state that is famous for Mole.  The waitress was also incredibly accommodating, which is another plus to this place. I have yet to experience bad service.  
My only complaints would be that the Al Pastor I chose for my filling this time around was not even close to spicy.  I am not 100% sure that spicy is a requirement for Al Pastor , but all the other times I have had this type of pork it has required a napkin to mop the sweat from my brow and a healthy dose of Tums after, which is the way I like my food.  So I was slightly bummed that there wasn't even a hint of spicy.  Also, the acoustics in this restaurant are god-awful so if you are going with a large group of people be prepared to yell "WHAT?" a bunch of times.  But whatever, there are far worse things to endure in life.The food was good but but very authentic. Thw margaritas were very small and for what I call a regular size they up charge. .thwy up charge for frozen, it's just ice in a blender. This place is good but way overpriced. And waiter did not pay much attention to us. I don't think I'll go back.Dos Segundos is truly glorious. As a California transplant, I was wondering how I could survive on the East Coast without my beloved Mexican food. Fortunately, Dos Segundos appeared to answer my prayers. I had a fantastic birthday dinner here, which makes a great place for good fun and cheer. I wouldn't recommend the burritos, which fall short for my standards, but the enchiladas and tacos are excellent. Don't miss this amazing find in NorLibs!Great food. Even better drinks. Music is way too loud. Like, I-can-barely-hear-my-thoughts loud.... No, seriously. Not a good spot if you want to catch up with friends. REEEAAALLLY LOUD!! But food, drinks and service are really good.Called almost a week prior to make a large reservation for my girlfriend's surprise birthday dinner. Someone took my reservation, said, "Okay see you Saturday at 9:00 pm," and left it at that. Show up Saturday at 9:00 and they have no reservation on file and we were told it's a two hour wait. Thanks guys. Happy birthday to my girlfriend.If you're ready to drop 40$-50$ on a meh meal and syrupy overly alcoholic margaritas then Dos Segundos will suit your fancy. Or if you're a hipster looking to branch out from the PYT crowd of Northern Liberties. 
I came to Cantina with several friends and my little sister. We were served plenty of chips and salsa (which was very boring and generic), and the waiter was very friendly though difficult to find... We ordered two pitchers of Margaritas one Mango and one regular. The mango tasted nothing like anything other than tequila and syrup. The traditional margarita tasted like tequila, lacking lime and any other flavor. And, for a frozen margarita it was pretty darn watery. My vegetarian friend ordered quesadillas for a starter and was served spicy wings instead, and when we asked the waiter he just shrugged and walked away, not to be found for another 30 minutes.
Everyone enjoyed their meals, but at that point we were starving so the fact that our food was 80% rice wasn't weighing on us too heavily at the time. The entrees were wayy overpriced, and had very little meat or veggies. The waiter pushed two more pitchers of margaritas on us without even asking (...that's 65$ more). Luckily, I was definitely feeling those margaritas by the time I ventured downstairs to use the bathrooms- which were dirty. But there were chalkboards and plenty of chalk... a group of tipsy girls' delight! Bottom line, I won't come back to Cantina for food, or drinks. Maybe for the fun, dark, and young atmosphere, If I feel like spending a weeks paycheck to be spotted by skinny jean wearing, Urban Outfitter wannabe models.I was in town visiting a friend and we stopped here for breakfast/brunch.  Friend got the huevos con chorizo and I got some huevos with something else (really, I forgot the name but there was pico de gallo, mexican rice, black beans, a shit ton of jalapenos).  He said his eggs were good, but mine were a little bland.  Just a little salt and pepper cooked with them would have made them fucking fantastic - but who likes bland eggs? No complaints about the rest of my food, coffee or free chips and salsa for breakfast.
Woman next to us was nasty and impatient, but our waiter Kevyn was pretty great with her and us.  It's surprisingly hard to find good service, and he was awesome, as were his lobster shorts.  It's enough to make me go back if I ever end up in Philly.Plaintains! PBR! Prickly Pear Margaritas! 
 A little crowded, a little loud, but with a group and good food all is forgiven. I was turned onto prickly pear margs at the other Cantina on the south side of town, so seeing the option here I jumped on it. Not too sweet, not too sour. The Nachos were passable, but the plantains were delicious. Fair prices, and some football on TV in the bar, made it a solid evening.The vegan cheese steak burrito was the most unique burrito I've eaten!. The Yukon potatoes stuffing was what actually made the difference, added the perfect crunchiness to the bite. The Tresco leches dessert cake was yummy too . The classic lime magherita was simple and good, and was not too strong. Service was really quick and prices were reasonable and proportional to taste.Ah, Dos Segundos. I've had many a great meal here, whether it be in honor of a friend's birthday or post work blood orange margaritas at the bar. If you happen to be in the Northern Liberties area and are looking for great Mexican food and relaxed atmosphere that doesn't break your bank, look no farther! I've been coming here for at least the past two years and have never had a bad experience, ever. 
Their menu is pretty diverse offering vegan dishes as well as other options. For me, I personally love their chicken chimichangas, definitely fills you up. The waitstaff and hostesses are always pretty friendly and attentive.Had a reservation for 12 people on a Saturday night and we fit easily into the restaurant. Ambiance was very cute with candles and fun decor and upbeat music playing. The waiter and other staff were able to keep all of our orders straight and brought out the food in a very timely way. By all accounts the food was very good and we were all pleasantly (if not overly) full by the end of our meal. Prices were reasonable, drinks were good, well placed in Northern Liberties neighborhood - all in all a great choice.Can't say enough how much I love this place! Everything is delicious and they have the BEST margaritas. Even when ordering take out, the food was wonderful.So, so happy that we stumbled upon this place after drinking at Frankford Hall. The Californian in me loves Mexican, but cannot stand higher-end places like Tequilas or El Vez. To me, Mexican needs to be tasty, rich in flavors, hearty and NOT $20 for three teeny tacos.
Hubby and I thoroughly enjoyed our date night dinner here. Guac is the usual, but the braised shortrib tacos were AMAZING (mixed with sweet potato on the bottom, and topped with garlic greens). Highly reco these if they are offering this special - the portions are huge and I was stuffed after 1.5 (granted, I had a bowl of chicken tortilla soup before-hand).
The soup was super rich and flavorful, with large chunks of avocado and shredded chicken - this was not the usual, watered-down chicken tortilla soup that you get at most places. I literally slapped my husband's hand when he tried to take a bite (oops!).
Hubby ordered the pork shoulder stew w/potatoes (Tinga Poblano de Cerdo) which was slow-cooked to yummy-ness. The flavors were deep and soulful...it was a super homey dish.
This place is a slight trek from Rittenhouse Square and parking is kinda meh, but I highly reco checking it out if you're craving Mexican!Tried this place last time I was in Philly.  I'm a vegetarian so philly is my heaven for food.  So many choices.  Their seitan here is awesome.  Got it on a salad and loved it.  The veggie cheese steak burrito is definitely HEAVY but delicious nonetheless.  Would go again, but my favorite Mexican food in NoLibs is definitely El Camino!I have not been here enough times to determine if the place deserves 5 stars, but so far it has been amazing.  
The food is great.  The crab and egg enchiladas on the brunch menu were fantastic.  The green salsa is absolutely perfect.  I could easily drink a pint  of it.  The burritos are huge, and well worth the money.   Both varieties of pork are quite good, I prefer the carnitas, but the marinated pork is just as good.   The tacos are great without being overpowering.  
The prices seem fair, but there is quite a jump in the prices of brunch/lunch and diner entrees.  Most of the brunch/lunch options are about $9-$12, but the entrees seem to be in the $16-$22 range.  
The mole sauce was ok.  It was good, but it did not really have that certain something extra to it to make it stand out.  
The draft beer selection is great and they usually have a good variety.  They really cover all of the bases from dark ales to light lagers.  The mararitas are fantastic.  
And the three times I have been there, the staff has been absolutely amazing.  Really nice bartenders and waitstaff that are not afraid to give out free drinks.  That always goes a long way with me.  Really friendly and helpful, and welcoming.    It's a really good place to go with people you know, but are not friends with.  Like people from work or school, with the margaritas you will really open up to eachother.  
My only complaint is the lighting in the bathroom.  It can be quite dark sometimes.I think I really built this place up in my mind since my last visit. 
The plantanos machos were as amazing as I remember, and the tres leches was the best ever. However, the rest of the experience left me feeling kind of meh, and after 2 pitchers of margaritas split 3 ways, sober.
We ordered a Blood Orange pitcher, and a Strawberry  pitcher. Both good, but I think they forgot to add the tequila, or at least were extremely conservative with the pours. 
A friend and I split the Mahi Mahi chimichanga ($12), which our server kindly had split and plated for us. It was good but not amazing.  My boyfriend had a steak burrito ($11), which he said was bland and he would have preferred qdoba or chipotle. Also, when I'm paying over 10 dollars for a meal without sides, its pretty annoying to have to pay extra for cheese, sour cream,  or pico de gallo.
I think if i go again I will stick to apps and dessert. I will give the margaritas another shot, fingers crossed.Great Salsa's!!!!
Cool vibe and nice menu.
I love Northern Liberties and this restaurant definetly takes on the vibe of the neighborhood!I've been to this charming restaurant quite a few times already, and it seems that all of their authentic Mexican food is delicious. Their fajitas don't come out sizzling like you'd typically expect, but they are still really good. I am always full by the time I leave especially since they leave plenty of chips and salsa on the table. I like that they have a lot of vegan options. 
I also like that their servers are so helpful that you can place a custom (off-menu) order and they create something perfect for you.  
I usually order my custom margarita (simple syrup and no sour mix). My husband orders the same custom dish every time which is adding goat to one of the salads. 
I would highly recommend this place if you're in the mood for Mexican.Initially the plan, as usual, was to have some lunch at the local pizza restaurant Pizza Rustica. Luckily for us Pizza Rustica was closed (Pizza Rustica is also delicious), and forced us to try out the nearest restaurant which happened to be Cantina Dos Segundos. 
I honestly didn't expect much, I went during lunch hours, the interior was rather dark and old looking. With the main source of light seeming to shine from the outside. Though the staff was very pleasant and helpful at all times. Immediately on the wall of the restaurant is written in a chalkboard the specials for the day. Nachos with tomato salsa and salsa verde are presented to you at no extra charge upon arrival. The tortilla chips seem to be homemade and I cannot say enough about the deliciousness of the salsa verde. The Salsa verde was so incredibly fresh and tasty I absolutely loved it. Another thing to note is that they did not skimp out on quantity and provided liberal amounts of both types of salsa. 
As I looked through the menu I saw "goat" as an option for a chimichanga. Lets just say I have an affinity to goat, lamb and wild boar meats. Though they offered a vast variety of meat choices up to 6 or 7 I believe. So naturally I ordered a goat chimichanga and my brother ordered the chicken burrito. 
A burrito/chimicanga tests many aspects of a mexican restaurant. You get to test out the quality of the rice, beans, vegetables, cheese, meat and MOST importantly the construction of the burrito. 
They passed ALL aspects with flying colors! My chimichanga was the most perfect chimichanga I have ever witnessed in my life. While the outside crust was perfectly crusted, there were no marks of any burned surfaces. The chimichanga was perfectly square and about an inch and a half thick. As for the construction of the chimichanga, the goat meat was perfectly layered on top while the rice and cheese rested nice and evenly on the bottom. The crust on the outside was flaky enough to be cut, yet solid enough to not break apart when i punctured it with my fork. A very well constructed chimichanga, perfect balance of 1/3 rice to 2/3 meat and a light layer of deep fried tortilla to hold everything together.  
Taste wise the chimichanga and burrito were fantastic! Both my brother's chicken meat and my goat meat was pulled to perfection. The meat was in the form of threads which felt light and airy when it entered my mouth. Sometimes when I eat a large quantity of a dish I tend to get sick of the dish when it comes down to the last few bites. Cantina Dos Segundos flavored their meat with enough depth to last and taste good, so that I wanted to finish even though I was already full! 
Dining tip: I flavored my chimichanga with the incredibly fresh salsa verde they provided for the tortilla chips. The salsa provided an incredible flavor on top of the already delicious flavor that came with my chimichanga.
Even now my mouth waters to taste the goat meat.....but next time I would like to try out their pork and see if they can convert me to enjoy pork with my burritos. Since I dislike pork with my burrito. 
Highly recommended~!!!!As a last hurrah before leaving for my deployment, Justin and I snuck away for a weekend with friends in Philly. Naturally Mexican food was on the list of places to try and we found ourselves at Cantina Dos Segundos on a rainy afternoon in August, starting our mini vacation off right. 
We arrived a bit later than anticipated after some mishaps including a bleeding toe and a coffee headache but that didn't stop us from ordering a healthy amount of food for lunch. We came at an off time so it wasn't crowded at all and we sat inside towards the front near the open full length doors. We opted for the guacamole ($8) as a starter. It was a big bowl and was served with chips pierced into the guac. That was more of an annoyance than helpful since we had an entire bowl of chips we were already eating with salsa and we had to take out chips to be able to scoop enough guac for a single chip, let alone the dozens that were stuck in there. So, the presentation was cute but not at all practical.
As a main I had a chorizo burrito ($9) and Justin had the steak fajitas ($20). I had probably had too many chips with salsa and guac to begin with and the size of the burrito (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/cantina-dos-segundos-philadelphia#4xfTeFI5V8ZMvzI55TE0iQ) did its share to further spoil my appetite for dinner that would be just a few hours later. It was well worth it though and I found enough room in my stomach to sneak a few bites of Justin's black beans as well. The huge dollop of guac that accompanied the fajitas (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/cantina-dos-segundos-philadelphia#V0O6C3ORRBs8IZ8sdGd1Dg) made us wish we'd skipped the appetizer all together. 
Dos Segundos is a bit more fusion-y than our order suggests and in a lot of ways is downright hippie/hipster/whatever the current term for it is. There are vegan alternatives to meat (wild mushrooms, seitan, vegan "beef") an entire brunch menu (which they kept suggesting we order from), and other non-traditional items like smoked mushroom ketchup and kale as a side dish. Most of the time I want good old school Mexican food but Dos Segundos hit the spot and I was pleased that unlike most chorizo dishes, my burrito was not particularly greasy, instead it had all of the flavor of the meat while allowing the other flavors to shine. 
I'm surprised at the amount of Yelper comments complaining about service as our server was nice and helpful, with just enough sarcasm to keep us amused while still being professional. We shared that we were from out of town and he answered all of our questions about the area and volunteered some info neat neighborhoods and places to check out.Generally okay. I usually have bad service but we have had a few great servers. Today i got the vegan breakfast burrito with no guac. I think there was a mix up because i got no vegan scrambed eggs and instead it was filled with vegan cheese, but in a giant clump throughout. I had to pull out the cheese it was that gross.This is hands down one of my favorite places for happy hour. Half-off pitches of margaritas as well as half priced appetizers which are both pure quality. If you are looking for solid drinks and a quick bite; I suggest you go here. The environments and staff is amazing too. My only problem is the entrees, to be honest they lack any real "wow" factor. Everything else holds up though!Stopped in here on a late night in the middle of the week.  It was well decorated and dimly lit.  It wasn't too crowded I'm assuming due to the time and day, but it had a great vibe.  We sat at a table in the bar area, and were immediately brought a bowl full of chips and two types of salsa.  We already had dinner so when the bartender came out to take our order, we ended up just getting a pitcher of their blood orange margaritas.  They were great and helped me forget the lack luster experience that I had during dinner at a spot a few doors down.  I will definitely be back!  
The drinks were great, the staff was attentive, and the atmosphere was perfect for a late night hangout with a friend.I had the Philly cheesesteak (VEGAN) tacos which were very tasty and I was thrilled at all the vegan options on the menu.  My son, the meat eater, had the chicken quesadilla and liked it, hey Mikey (he's quite picky).  The complementary chips and salsa were fresh and a nice start to the meal.  I also had the blood orange margarita which was very refreshing and I am looking forward to trying the other flavors.  Also, the prices weren't crazy as with most places in N. Libs... this will be my new go to spot especially since my son is a barber at Duke (see Tyler for a great cut and ladies.... he is awesome at pixie cuts) right down the street (apologies for the shameless plug).Went back last weekend and they sat us by the door (it was maybe 35 out) - which the hostess *assured* us wouldn't be cold. 
Like hell it wasn't. 
I froze my ass off every time someone came in, but because they were packed, we were committed to the table. Plus, we were all hungry and trying to make it to a show in Jersey right after ... Still trying to regain feeling in my limbs.
I get that extra table is making you money and I'm sure it's fine when the weather is nice out, but don't LIE to people to get them to settle for that miserable ass table in the winter.Walked into this dimly lit restaurant craving good guac and chips. We were seated at the tiniest table in a room full of empty spots! We barely had enough room for our elbows midst the stuff on it!
We were served complimentary tortilla chips with 2 kinds of salsa( green cilantro & spicy tomato). Finished the whole thing before our ordered food finally arrived!
We ordered original guac for the table and split a chicken burrito. The guacamole was pretty simple with not much tanginess. Tasted great with the fresh chips. The chicken burrito was packed with rice, black beans, guacamole, and veggies. A perfect quantity for 2 people who aren't super hungry but will be content.
We left feeling great but not too full! The lighting was too dim to my liking. But all in all, a great Mexican joint!Ok ... Three time's the charm. I've never been super disappointed with the food here; mainly it was the overall experience i.e. crappy table, long wait, crowded and loud. 
Today, however, brunch tasted amazing! We quickly got a great table, it wasn't very crowded and our waitress was super nice.
I do like coming here, I just wish there was some consistency to the experience.Came here on a Saturday afternoon to celebrate my Mom's birthday. The place was pretty empty at 1pm but it meant quick friendly service from not too busy waiters. They were very easily able to accomodate out party of 6. The dining room decorations are very colorful but the ambience is dark. I think it could work for date night as well as a meal with friends.
They offer free chips and salsa (unlike a place down the street) which tasted delicious and fresh. We went with a pitcher of mango margaritas to start. Perfect place for my mom to have her first margarita ever! They did make us salt/sugar our own rims - for me this was no big deal. 
I ordered the vegan seitan tacos and they were super awesome and pretty cheap ($10). The veggies in the tacos were crispy fresh and I'd highly recommend paying extra for guac. I definitely want to try the vegan beef next time. We finished our meal with vegan carrot cake to celebrate my mom. The waiter couldn't find candels but we still enjoyed the heck out of it. If I wouldn't have known it was vegan I would have never guessed. It was dense and moist - definitely a happy ending.If it isn't El Camino, it's Cantina in Northern Liberties. I love this spot, regardless of how small it is. Wait staff has always been friendly and of course the food delicious. 
Mango margaritas and Mixta salad, forever!A perfect blend of top-notch Mexican comfort food and hipster dive bar. And the music playing throughout further sets the tone for the latter - it's an eclectic variety of garage, rock, funk, etc. I don't know how many conversations I've had get ruined there because we were chatting then have to stop mid-sentence and just start belting out singing because of whatever great tune came on next.
Last time I was there was for my birthday. We called ahead to see if we can get a table and they told me they can't do that, but then asked how many people, put me on hold, came back and said they would work something out for us so there wouldn't be a big group waiting a long time on a busy Saturday night. HUGE props (do people still say that?) to them for doing that. 
They are run by the same owners as the Cantina Los Caballitos on Passyunk, which is just as good. 
Final note: get the blood orange margarita. It'll do wonders for your night out.The coldest food I've had. Such a disappointment . I order wings and a quesadilla and everything was cold and tastelessLove this place as a summer go to for drinking & mingling!!! I've been going here for few years now after my gf took me here one summer night years ago. It's really casual. I always get pitcher margaritas drinks and one or two of those can get you happier. Lmao. It's good for groups but come early to get seated outside so you can people watch (like me). Fish tacos is my only go to here. Haven't really ate too much of the food. There's a open area in the backWe've lived in Northern Liberties for a couple years now, and this is still one of our favorite local places. We bring friends here all the time, but the problem with that is when we bring someone here, they never want to go anywhere else next time they visit! 
You can't go wrong with this place if you're vegetarian or vegan. There will always be multiple options for you. Make sure you try the plantanos machos (fried plantains with crema, cheese, and scallions - yum!). There is usually always something fabulous on the specials board, but favorites from the regular menu are mahi mahi tacos, sopes sencillos, and black bean burritos. My fiance can't get enough of their goat chimichanga. My only "beef" with their food is their "vegan beef" which suspiciously looks and tastes just like morningstar brand. I'm sure if their chef tried making his own it would be great!
This is also a great place for drinks. They always have a creative seasonal margarita (most recent being pear and clove) which is sometimes a little too sweet, but usually delicious. Service is usually friendly and attentive. I can only think of one time when we had poor service, and the waitress just seemed miserable and like she didn't want to be there (it was a Saturday night, so I get it, but still).
Overall, this place is fabulous and you shouldn't think twice about giving it a try!I have a love-like relationship with this place.  I used to love it.  I took my wife there on our first date because I knew it would appeal to her vegan sensibilities, and for a while, we were regulars.  We always got the vegan fajitas - one order is enough for two people and the tofu and seitan are really flavorful. The used to also serve vegan cake from Vegan Treats in Bethlehem, PA, and that was really the icing on the meal.  They stopped doing that a while ago and maybe in protest, we stopped going for about a year.  We tried it again recently and the fajitas are still on point.  They also give you bottomless chips and salsa which is a plus.  Just bring back Vegan Treats! Nothing compares.At the bar, beware of the "can I hold a credit card for the tab" question...more to the point, be aware that they only ask black folks for a credit card. They also put a hold on your cc even if you're paying in cash. When asked about this the bartenders response was "I've been stiffed way too many times and now always ask"...when I mentioned this was not true bc the other people around me at the bar hadn't been asked she said "well I know them so" and then lied about taking other patrons cards when I told her she hadn't asked any one else in the hour or so I'd been at the bar. Unfortunate that this practice continues!The food is great!  Don't fill up on chips and salsa before your meal comes.  I made that mistake and the tried to stuff my meal in because it was sooo good.I think about Dos Segundos chicken burritos at various times throughout the day. And my mouth waters. It's so good. I wish it were closer to my house.What kind of Mexican place charges extra for cheese on a burrito?Amazing fish tacos and margaritas. The restaurant has a lounge atmosphere and is the perfect date spot. They have lots of specials. If you are looking for something different, this is a great place.After my third visit here - this place definitely deserves a review! I've had the pleasure of having brunch, lunch, and dinner at this No Libs gem - all of which were delicious. Great margaritas - I recommend "The Corazon" which is sweet but spicy at the same time. I have to make an effort to make it here for happy hour when they are half price (pitchers as well) The chips and salsa are always great (two salsas btw) to which I preferred the green, as it has a hint of guacamole. The service is always fast and everything is fresh.I love this place!!!  My boyfriend and I moved right down the street from here and decided to go eat there tonight.  The service was awesome.   Our server had a lot of knowledge of tequilas and his recommendations were amazing.  It's a cute place with tasty food and LOTS of tequila!It's been about a year since I came here but just wanted to say:
Best tilapia tacos I've ever had.
Even after all the fish tacos I've consumed in the past year, CDS still triumphantly holds that title. The seasoning was just right and they did not skimp on the quantity/quality of tilapia. Highly recommend!