Terrible, terrible service. Entitled hipsters who confuse orders, give attitude, and ruin customer's experience. The new manager is also frumpy and has awful music taste; think awful 50s - 80s rock/reggae music that's disappeared for a reason, but blared close to full volume. Softer, more neutral music would be greatly appreciated. Terrible consistency with orders too, they don't have consistent standards with coffee etc.
Customers are mostly Penn students, business types who interact with the school (recruiters from NYC etc) and visitors to the area. It's almost as if the staff feel some kind of insecurity or have pride issues serving almost always polite patrons. 
Gelato is pretty good and coffee is pretty good but can be sloppily made (I.e mix your own iced latte). Also slimmed down portion sizes and got rid of the bar. The place has a great location and nice open feel to it, but so much potential is lost because of really shitty staff with terrible attitudes. So many frequent customers but the staff make no effort to get to know them (and trust me, they try). I can't emphasise enough how much the staff and manager need to change.The service is always on point and the coffee is the best.  Not to mention the great snacks and sandwhiches.  They put alot of hard work and time into making this place a great neighborhood spot.The No. 1 gelato in the WORLD? In Philadelphia? You've gotta be kidding me.... 
As someone who has studied abroad in Italy, I was skeptical when my long-lost college friend and her fiance brought me to Capogiro.  But boy am I glad they took me here....I was dead wrong to question this place!
I'm usually a strawberry and chocolate kind of girl, so perusing the selection of flavors I was disappointed not to see a single berry flavor.  But then I caught a sign that said "Avocado (trust us...)", and being the avocado lover that I am, asked for a sample.  IT WAS AMAZEBALLS.  Seriously.  I ordered a small cone with Avocado & Nutella (you can never go wrong with nutella anything), and I can hands down say that this was the best gelato I've ever had. Creamy, smooth, and packed with refreshing flavor :)
Only complaint is that a small cone costs $5....for a poor med student, it's a steep price for some sweet indulgence!Great dessert place after eating a great meal downtown.  The selections vary but you can get any gelato that your heart and tastebuds desire.  I got the bitter almond and sweet Amish milk,  it was great combo and rich milky gelato.  
Skip the mediocre dessert at the restaurants and get some top class frozen gelato.The best way I can summarize Capogiro is that it's a great luxury dessert. Small portions with phenomenal taste. You don't eat Capogiro's for sustenance or to fill up, you eat it simply to enjoy the taste. 
I think Capogiro's real strength is that it manages to create great texture without compromising the integrity of flavor. 
That said, my absolute favorite is the pomelo/grapefruit. Very sweet and tangy without tasting artificial at all.The staff is so so sweet and friendly and really makes this place as fantastic as it is. The coffee is great, and their amazing grilled cheese and baked goods make for a great afternoon bite. They have a good selection of tea and a great atmosphere -- also try their pizza place Capo Fitto in old city if you want a fabulous dinnerMmm, in all actuality, I give this place a 3.5, but a 4 it is. The person working was very generous with samples and in the end I decided on nutella and dulce de leche. Oh. Man. I went back for the avocado the next day, but lo and behold, they change out their flavors daily. Wow. I got the chocolate and hazelnuts (I was still craving a nutella-esque flavor) and sweet amish milk (!!) instead. Divine. Woe that it's $5 a pop for the smallest size. I'm on vacation, though, and if I can't blow inordinate amounts of money on frosty treats now, especially ones that taste this good, when can I? Run, don't walk.I feel like everyone at Penn has had a coffee chat at Capo sometime through either a club or a recruiting event, but to be honest, outside of these subsidized occasions, I rarely came for dessert or coffee. While the gelato flavors are admittedly always unique and creative and delicious, I just never felt justified in spending so much for what it was that I got.
When it isn't crammed with student groups or recruiting events, the location itself is a nice place to get some work done and people-watch along that block of Walnut.Oh man, it's a good thing Capogiro didn't open until before my senior year, otherwise I would have blown so much more money on their tasty (but pricey) gelato.
First things first: the gelato is truly incredible. They have a huge selection of rotating flavors, and the flavors tend to match with what's seasonal, so you will have stuff like Pumpkin and Chestnut in the winter and fruity stuff and berries in the summer. However, they do have a fairly stable core of flavors like Nocciola Piemontese (Hazelnut), Fior Di Latte (Milk), and Cioccolato Scuro (Dark Chocolate) that are available most days. They will let you sample as many flavors as you would like before you place your order, so take advantage of that if you don't know what you want (or, if you already know what you want, if you just want some free samples). Since I love pretty much anything that has peanut butter in it, one of my favorite flavors was the Peanut Butter gelato, which was peanut gelato with a swirl of peanut butter mixed in - SO GOOD. Others that I really liked include Bacio (chocolate and hazelnut gelato with caramelized hazelnuts; it tastes like Nutella with crunchy hazelnuts tossed in for good measure), Chocolate Scuro (seriously dark and rich, this is the gelato of any chocolate lover's dreams), and Turkish Coffee (a really perky coffee flavor with a hint of cardamom giving it a nice kick), but really, I don't think I ran into a flavor that I didn't like. They also have some rather interesting flavors using alcohol and rums - Cucumber with Grey Goose, Dark and Stormy, etc. 
Okay, so I really love the gelato here, but honestly, the prices are pretty steep. It costs close to $6 for a medium cup, and even though the medium lets you get your choice of up to 3 different flavors, that's still a really expensive cup of gelato. Oh well, I guess you get what you pay for, as the quality ingredients used in the top-notch gelato here make it worthwhile to come here for an occasional splurge.Discovered this place as a new Philly transplant. I love how the gelato flavors change daily, and always such a wide selection. Definitely one of my new favorite sweet destinations!Better than most. Unique flavors, but just not the same as  what you had in Italy.  Its not bad for a casual snack but don't expect to be blown away by the flavors.The dulce de leche gelato is absolutely fantastic, except when paired with Brooklyn Brown Ale.
The cones are nice, but not as amazing as you would think, considering that they are handmade in France and smuggled into the US by pre-pubescent teens that are summarily executed if even one cone is cracked.*
There is nothing emasculating about having another man buy you ice cream. Especially if you call him Daddy for the rest of the day. I swear. 
__________
*I may have made part of this up.While I didn't think the pistachio was anything terribly spectacular, the thai coconut milk flavor was more than fantastic enough to make up for it - so much so that I'm desperately trying to find a way to get something similar back on the west coast.
I also wished we had planned out our choices better - between the three of us I think we ended up with four flavors.  The dark chocolate was pretty good, but I'm not much of a fan of cold and chocolate together in the first place so I don't think I can make a fair judgment there.  We also tried pineapple mint, which might have been a limited-time-only deal. If you are lucky enough to stumble across it, though, I would highly recommend it.The place is decent, but a bit on the pricey side. The iced mocha was okay, but a bit bland in my opinion. I did enjoy the Big Toast with nutella; that hit the spot for a basic morning meal. I may stop by and give their gelato a shot if I am in this area.Good gelato but the coffee was just okay (I expected something better). The beans and milk can be better.I've had gelato before, I've had water ice, icies, slurpies, slushies, Italian ices, ice creams, and really this place is definitely on my list of favorite frozen treats. If you've never had gelato and you like to savor your ice cream using small bites, this place is for you.
This gelato is delicious - very smooth and either rich or light depending on the flavor. I had the dark chocolate which was like eating chocolate cake batter. It was a little overwhelmingly sweet for my taste, but still very good. I have the coconut milk one as well which was creamy and was definitely the defining characteristic of gelato: smooth and refreshingly rich. The last and most surprising flavor was the grapefruit. It was my absolute favorite and I am very happy that I picked it. It was tangy, yet creamy and very smooth. I found it to be incredibly refreshing and light and definitely a worthy flavor. 
The flavors were reminiscent of European ice cream shop soft-serve flavors, which was very nostalgic. 
What I did not like: the price. It was just way too much. Sure they use quality ingredients and it is locally made, and it's trendy and a nice spot- but really? $7 for a medium (which is equivalent to about half a cup.) Not a place that I would go every day, that's for sure. Definitely much better quality than the over-priced LA-NYC chain Pinkberry (I'm only comparing the two because of price otherwise they really have nothing in common.)
What it is good for: If it's a hot night and you're with-in a five block radius and have a group of friends - everyone is destined to find something they like there.Cute gelato place. One of our go-tos. The staffs are very attentive for people who want to try different flavors - thats part of the fun! I always just go for a chocolate with fruit combo. It never fails me either.I was going to give Capogiro 4 stars but changed it to 5 for one practical reason and another more romantic reason. First of all, let's get the basics out of the way: the gelato is really good, the service is swift, and the place is clean, bright, and delightful. The gelato isn't quite as good as at Pitango Gelato (our favorite in the DC area) but it's extremely good all the same. Their banana chocolate flavor is particularly excellent! So, based on the gelato, Capogiro gets 4 stars.
But it's rated higher in my estimation because, first, it has lots of seating, inside and out, and free wifi. Ice cream, coffee, and free wifi? If I could marry it, I'd be on my knee in half a second. The more romantic reason for rating it higher, though, is that the place is built on the site of an old Baskin Robbins at which yours truly worked for a summer when I was courting my beloved (my future wife, not Gold Medal Ribbon ice cream...though that rated very high in my affections at the time, too, because I essentially lived on the stuff, being a poorly-paid itinerant). It's extremely pleasing to see a fancy ice cream store here now. It's like it and I have matured whimsically together.
Highly recommended, but do visit Pitango if you're ever in DC.This is a great place for ice cream, food, or even a drink.  The scene is on again / off again, but the staff are super helpful, and everything I've ever gotten here is delicious.  There is ample indoor and outdoor seating.  This is my favorite Capo G in the city.Let's start with the negative.  It is mobbed during the school year, especially at lunch time.  The prices are insane, I mean a 16oz. frappe for $6.78 tax included?!?!  The bar service is slow.  People act like tourists inside, milling around like it's their first time out of doors and there is no organization to the queue.
But the positive makes up for all of that.  The gelato is fantastic and the flavors are constantly rotated.  If you go this week, and then again next week, you will not see the same selection.  I have never had a "bad" gelato here.  The texture is correct, the flavors are creative and interesting, and it's not too rich.  Grab an affogato (drowned) which is gelato with a shot of espresso poured over it and revel in the decadence.  Frappes are great. 
 If you are depressed or lonely or unhappy, this place will remind you that, indeed, there is good in this world.  
I never tried any sandwiches or lunches here because I think the gelato is enough to calorically sustain me until dinner.I will gladly pay $5 for two smallish scoops of gelato. However, what I had here was not gelato. Too icy and airy. Gelato is creamy and dense.
My semantic quibble could have been redeemed by flavor. Unfortunately, there wasn't much. Actually, the pistachio was completely flavorless. The sesame seed had a nice nuttiness, but wasn't nearly sweet enough to classify it as a great sesame seed dessert. 
The space itself has a nice ambiance and plenty of seating including an outdoor patio that is probably great for people watching. I would gladly meet friends here for coffee (assuming Capogiro doesn't miss the mark there too). But even if someone else was buying, I wouldn't partake of the gelato again. Too disappointing.My review is biased. I only tried 3 flavors. 
Decor: 4/5
-lots of seating
-some of the tables might be sticky from gelato
Service: 3/5
-only one guy serving gelato and checking out.
-Expect a wait especially when you can have samples
Gelato: 4.5/5
-There are just so many flavors that I wanted to sample them all
-Jamaican coffee caught my eye and it had a strong coffee taste. If you're a coffee lover, I'd recommend the Jamaican coffeeWe came to cap off our dinner with a bit of gelato for dessert. All of the flavors in the display case looked so delicious and inviting, that I couldn't decide what to choose. Luckily, the worker was kind enough to humor me and allow me to try a few samples, and to ask a lot of silly questions, before deciding.
We were told that all of the gelato was made from milk from an Amish farm in Lancaster County, and that the sweet Amish milk flavor is the base they use for all of the other gelato flavors. Because there was so much to pick from, we ended up asking which flavors we should get. He suggested gooseberry if we wanted to get something local that we can't get elsewhere, or strawberry since they're in season and from Lancaster County... I ended up with miniature cup of toasted almond and strawberry terragon, and they were delicious. Before filling up my cup, he asked if I liked terragon and gave me a sample to make sure that I'd be happy with my choice.
I also requested to top my gelato with free panna per the sign on the counter, not exactly knowing what it was... it's whipped cream. A friend said that the panna here was amazing, but I didn't care for it and could have done well enough with just the gelato, instead.
All in all, I enjoyed my gelato and I appreciated the good customer service! Too bad it's a little expensive... and that I live in Los Angeles.The atmosphere is very modern without feeling cold. Good music, good vibes. The coffee is great and the gelato is to die for, so many great flavors!
I ordered a small gelato with blueberries and cream with coconut, and I think I could've eaten a warehouse full of it, so delicious! The iced coffee is refreshing and well-brewed. 
The reason I will not come back here is the sandwich. I ordered a BLT, and watched the staff member cover it in aluminum foil and nuke it. Its the prettiest microwaved sandwich I have ever had, but I'm currently sitting here with a sandwich I've eaten 1/4 of because it's soggy and warm where it shouldn't be - the lettuce and the tomatoes are HOT. Not just warm, but hot. It's actually really vile.
So although the coffee and gelato are great, I'm concerned about the process of food preparation here if they're selling microwaved garbage for $7.50.Best cappuccino I've ever had and of course the gelato is amazing. I would have given it a 5 star but I had to wait a long time for the barista to set up the gelato station and he didn't seem to be in a hurry AT ALL, even seeing that I was waiting with a small child.The gold standard of Philadelphia Gelato arrives in West Philly! Truth be told, I've never been too clear on what gelato is, and I'm even Italian. Isn't it just thick ice cream? 
Whatever it is, Capogiro does it better than right and this new location is no exception. The flavors and selection seemed in line with what you would expect; of course, they are all delicious. There were a lot of people working there for a Wednesday night, probably because it just opened, but the staff was very friendly and eager to get the small crowd of customers to try out some flavors. It should also be noted that this location has a liquor license and has beer and wine available... or at least I saw a beer tap, I'm not sure if they've flipped the switch on that portion of the business as of this writing. The space is nice inside and there a few seats, but there's also a cement courtyard area that's part of the enclosing apartment building where you can sit on the steps away from traffic and chow down on your $5 gelato. 
I think this Capogiro is a great addition to the growing 40th and Walnut area and just as Chipotle turned the nearby Q'doba into a ghost town, I expect the superior Capogiro to do the same to the poorly run Ben & Jerry's down the street.Their lattes are quite good but sometimes not consistent depending on who makes it and if they use whole milk. Most of the time it is cold which is a bummer. Pastries are so-so. Service is also so-so and generally quite slow. Their paninis, especially the prosciutto and the tomato mozzarella, are yummy if they haven't run out or if they've actually made them for the day. Gelato is mediocre - definitely not the best in the world as they claim. Also melts easily.The gelato is obviously the highlight here. Every flavor I've ever gotten here has always been top notch. Great after dinner spot to wind down and relax with plenty of outdoor seating.
The guy who took our order was extremely friendly and very helpful describing all the different flavors to us.The Best! 
I don't normally eat dairy, but this place is so amazing, I can't resist.  It truly is the best gelato I have ever had! 
Maybe one day they will have vegan or coconut milk options.i really only come here because i work so close by. aside from their delicious affogato, i've also had good lunches here (try their anti-pasti salad bowl!). oh, and the gelato is good here *duh!Dear Capogiro, 
This time you really got me. It's the middle of winter and it's colder than a witch's tata so do I really want gelato? Honestly, yes I do, but the reasonable person in me says, "no." So, instead I decided to get a latte and the boy went for a combo of the gelato-espresso special. 
You have won over that last star, Capogiro. That was a perfect latte and that espresso gelato thing was like fireworks in your mouth. It was the dark chocolate gelato with hot espresso poured over it and it was served with whipped cream (not the fake canned stuff, either!)
It was incredible and reasonably priced, too, which I found surprising. 
One word: Ambrosia. 
I would also like to add that their happy hour specials and beers on tap are also reasonably priced and they offer a decent selection. 
Thanks and much love, 
AddictedI think this is one of the most overrated places in University City. Their gelato simply isn't good enough to justify the very high prices they charge. It wasn't bad in any way, but was not spectacular either. I think it is over $5 for a small, which wasn't very much gelato.I had always thought of Capogiro as just a gelato place, but it actually has a lot of other great things on the menu.  The gelato is definitely the main offering, and is always good.  They have a large selection of flavors, and I've loved everything I've had (coconut and burnt sugar stand out in particular).  We often get afogatos (espresso over gelato), and since Capogiro has both awesome gelato and awesome coffee, it's really delicious.
Their coffee really is superb, and it's always made with such care.  Their skim lattes taste almost as good as whole milk lattes at other places!  The bagels (which are rumored to be trucked in from NYC on a daily basis) are excellent, and the cream cheese is definitely something special.  Nothing store bought about it - I'm always so disappointed when you order a bagel and it's accompanied by a packet of Philadelphia cream cheese.  This is the real stuff - creamy, but light, and not a hint of sour taste.  
The staff is always really nice, and there's plenty of seating!After many, many visits to Capo these past three and a half years, I'm finally ready to write a review. 
It's on the pricier side, but I'm always completely satisfied when I leave. The flavors are always crazy and unique; alongside the standard flavors, I've seen whiskey sour, cactus pear, concord grape, bourbon butterscotch, avocado, and thai coconut milk. They have a great rotation, so even if you find yourself in need of some gelato despite having just visited a few days ago ( ...or yesterday), there are always new flavors to try. 
The staff is great with samples and are always cheerful. In terms of general ambiance, it can get noisy sometimes with recruiting or university events, but it's usually manageable enough that I can bring friends who are visiting Philadelphia here to catch up. Some reviewers have complained about the service, but I've never had subpar service, nor have I ever been chased off the premises after finishing my gelato.
In terms of the other menu items, I'm usually too distracted thinking about which gelato flavors I want to try to consider ordering something else. I've enjoyed a latte or two from Capo, but unless it's late in the evening, I usually prefer to grab one from Hubbub.Always love coming to this place for high-quality gelato. A lot of reviews will complain about the price - about $5-6 for a small - but I'd justify that you're definitely getting what you're paying for.
Top flavors I've tried so far include chocolate bacio (chocolate and hazelnut with candied hazelnuts), tiramisu,  peanut butter stracciatella (PB speckled with chocolate), and pistachio. Just be mindful that sometimes, the flavors listed on their website may not be provides at the actual location.delicious, air conditioned, outdoor seating, and rich flavors. these are the highlights. ample of indoor and outdoor seating. i loved the hazlenut and peanut butter & chocolate flavors.I will pay through the nose for capogiro gelato. But 1.50 for a tiny container of cream cheese? On top of the cost of the bagel? If it were gelato cream cheese, fine. But it was 2 tablespoons of plain, run of the mill cream cheese. What a rip off.Im from italy. Ive been here in the US since I was 7... this place is amazing .... not a lot of seating...but as close to a genuine italian gelato place as could be .  The flavors change every day . Staff was curteous .. cant wait to go backQuality, creamy gelato in West Philly. I think the chocolate- and coffee-based flavors are best, but I also think that's just a consequence of my personal preference. The coconut milk gelato is also pretty great, but it melts quickly If you're looking for lighter flavors, I'd order a sorbet, which is usually also pretty flavorful. The only major downside to Capo is that it's pretty expensive. I think I ordered a two-flavor gelato cup that came out to over $5. The drinks aren't cheap, either.
FYI, you need to thaw their ice cream sandwiches for a bit. I definitely bent one of their forks trying to stab the sandwich last time. Also, I've never successfully connected to their wi-fi. All in all, Capo is a good place to chat/catch up at night (closes around 11PM if I'm not mistaken) over some gelato.
Tl;dr: Good gelato but pricey.For my first trip to Philadelphia, I knew that I absolutely HAD to visit Capogiro because of its "#1 gelato in the world" ranking by national geographic magazine. The decor of the restaurant was  festive and I enjoyed their lanterns and lights. After sampling a few flavors, I decided to go with the hazlenut-chocolate gelato. Initially, I expected this to taste like nutella, but was surprised when it didn't. Instead it had a nutty flavor with a hint of cocoa, which I  enjoyed. However, though this gelato was flavorful and soft, I felt like it was lacking something. Being a chocolate lover, I expected more of a body and richness to the gelato which I did not get. That being said, if you are in the area, I would definitely give Capogiro a try!The gelato have Unique & rich flavors which you could explore by imaginations. Though you would find some flavors taste similar and are sweetened over the top. MOST employees there are friendly but one interaction with a female employee really disappointed my clients and I. She was EXTREMELY impatient as my clients were deciding on the flavors. We were curious about how excellent could "the best gelato in the world" (by Nat Geo) be? And the service was disappointing.The gelato here is very good but it's a bit overpriced. The pistachio flavor and chocolate cappuccino are both so good. They also give tons of free samples. The gelato here is extremely creamy so i like the textureThe gelato is solid. The atmosphere is not.  If you're in the mood to stop in to a cafe, sample a few different flavors, pick your fave combination (I love the ciocolatto scuro), spend $5 on a small, and leave, Capogiro is a really good choice. If you want to hang around for a nice date or to get some good coffeeshop work done, it's not. The music is loud and hipster-ey. The lattes are good and the teas are okay, but the coffee is bitter. The service is also pretty questionable; it takes anywhere from 3 minutes (on a good day) to 15 minutes (on a bad day) between ordering your drink and having the staff put it on the bar and yell out your order. I like the free wireless but hate the lack of outlets. All that said, my biggest issue with Capogiro? The floors make this loud, *awful* noise when you slide your chair back. It sends chills up my spine.  Really good gelato, though.When National Geographic listed the top ten places for ice cream on the planet and ranked Capogiro #1, it became apparent that their editorial staff had only visited a total of 10 ice cream parlors in the world. These guys don't come close to Sorveteria Sokoro in São Paulo, let alone half the gelato joints in Italy that they're trying to emulate. But okay, since you are in Philly, why not? Me, I just want more dairy-free.This is as good as it gets for gelato, sorbetto, etc outside of Italy.  Their service can be slow and indifferent for coffee etc..but damn the cold goods rock.Love love love their gelato! My mom insists we come here every time she visits. Their coffee is also quite good. It's rather expensive but very worth it as a special treat.This place is pretty much the worst. They run out of sandwich ingredients like they're going out of business (wouldn't that be nice), the staff is either mindless or just outright rude, and they haven't figured out how to use wax paper - sandwiches will stick to foil and you'll loose half of it.
Just don't go.
The gelato is good. I added a star for it.Very busy and a little noisy.  Excellent soups.  Hearty and warm. Delicious bread. Love the variety of sweets as well.Best gelato I have had in Philly! To be clear, I believe this is one of the locations that makes the gelato on-site. I have been to the Capogiro on East Passyunk and they have their gelato delivered from the main stores...it is really such a travesty because it completely messes with the consistency. And consistency is KEY when it comes to gelato. 
This place though? Never had any issues. The gelato is creamy and delicious every. darn. time. 
Yes it's pricey, we know.
But if you're a fan of gelato, you're going to be paying about the same amount as you would for Ben & Jerry's, so you might as well go to the gelato place instead.  Plus, even when you get a small they really pile it into the cup. I must say my favorite combo is the Mocha and Dark Chocolate. Amazing.
Plus, the staff is so friendly and I appreciate that a lot. There is ample seating for studying, or meeting with friends, or just sitting by yourself and enjoying some gelato after a hard day...because I do that a lot. and the best part is, no one has ever judged me for it!
this place is the best!They don't have almond milk, so I've stopped coming here for coffee, but their espresso is pretty good on its own! 
Gelato flavors are unmistakeable -- a citrus-flavored gelato will be perfectly citrusy, a nutty gelato will be perfectly nutty. Gelato lovers will find heaven here, although I might prefer their affogato because I'm never satisfied with ice cream portions ever.Rosemary Honey Goat Milk, Champagne Mango, Caribbean Sunrise Papaya, and Lime with Cilantro have been our latests favorites. Capogiro really has some of the creamiest, delectable gelato you may ever try outside of Italy. Fortunately for us, it's easily accessible, and they have 4 locations around the city! How we don't come in every time we walk by, I really have no idea - but the reality is, we can only resist for so long! If you come and try you'll get hooked too! But just do yourself a favor and just come in and get you some!Poor poor poor. That's how my wallet feels but also how the service was! After ordering two scoops of Matcha and their dark chocolate flavor, I imagine it would be refreshing after being outside playing soft and it was to a certain degree. What left me a bitter taste in my mouth was the cashier's service.
For such a more expensive price, I imagine the service to match. It did not. It feel beyond measure. I politely ask for spoons for my friends and the cashier slammed, yes slammed, his hand into the bucket of spoons and handled one to me. I did ask for some spoons since only one of my friends was with me and I had more friends waiting for me outside that I wanted to try their gelato flavors. He handled me one by one angrily.
For the level of service and price he gave me, I could've just went to the McDonald's down the block and received more ice cream and the same level of service. 
Overall, I'll stick to my McDonald's! The ice cream was alright. The matcha tasted ok but the dark chocolate was definitely alot better.Came here after a meal at a restaurant nearby. They were friendly and let us sample as many as we wanted! We ended up getting the mexican chocolate (really spicy) and hazelnut gelato. I was a little sad cause we ended up getting more of the mexican chocolate than the hazelnut gelato (it was like 20/80).
Good gelato, never fails.Best gelato in the U.S! I have been to Italy and lived in Spain, and I haven't had better tasting gelato than at Capogiro. When you walk in, the decor makes you feel like you're in Europe. At first, I thought it was just a gelato place. Then, the friendly man behind the counter informed me that they also had an espresso and alcohol bar! If that doesn't satisfy every craving... 
The first time I went I had the dark chocolate and lemon. Dark chocolate gelato just like what I tasted in Rapalo, Italy, and the lemon was so refreshing-- not too sweet either. The second time I had nutella and grapefruit. Both were delicious, but I don't recommend this flavor combo. I just couldn't resist trying both flavors!
Last time, I went to Capogiro for a drink. The beers were a little pricey, so I thought I'd spend the extra $1.50 and get a raspberry daiquiri, made with raspberry gelato, white rum, and lemon juice. It was so pretty that I took a picture! Our server also mentioned that the milk used for the gelato comes from Lancaster County and the flavors are seasonal and the fruit is locally sourced. I will definitely be back to Capogiro soon.I go here for the coffee on any given weekday, which I believe is expertly brewed, considering I order mine black and notice imperfections typically hidden by loads of sugar and cream. The only thing I can critique is the snobbery of some employees. Perhaps working at Capogiro's deserves more acknowledgement, and the baristas/gelato scoopers feel their worth shirked by unappreciative, poorly tipping customers.
But if you want gelato that's beyond compare, this is the place to go. You will not be disappointed!Woot wooot!!!! Dulce de LECHE FTW!
Great place to hang out with friends and chat till the wee hours of the night. After 8pm, Walnut street is free parking, so no need to keep track of time or set an alarm to refill the meter.
The only issue is people just loitering in front of the case. I'm a short person, so I had to walk around them a few times to see what other flavors were offered in the display case. Also, why can't people decide what they want?!?!?! Else get samples.... others decisive people WANT gelato, so get out of the way OR stand to the side!!!!!Very friendly and attentive staff. I think that paying $5 for a small gelato (granted it's two flavors) is kinda expensive. I had the pineapple mint and the papaya. Both of which were really creamy and rich. It's tasty, but I would probably come here once every blue moon.I've been to Capogiro many, many times since I started college. What people don't usually know is that Capo has some pretty good lunch food too. 
Gelato: Very, very good. I really love the flavors and options. I love that they let you taste some before you buy it. It IS a little pricey but if you don't have it very often, it's perfectly fine. My favorites are pistachio and hazelnut. 
Lunch: I'm a vegetarian so sometimes it's hard to find a good veggie friendly sandwich. I really love their hummus, cucumber, tomatoes and pepper sandwich. SO GOOD!
Drinks: Okay, so I'm not actually a big fan of their drinks, hence the lower rating. I just really don't think they're that good. I don't know why. 
Ambiance: Love it. It's so cool, warm, hip and a great place to hang out. I wouldn't necessarily study there since there are people who just hang around and talk and there are some background music. Definitely a great place to just hang out. 
Service: The people are friendly, nice and polite. They aren't super chipper but they get the job done. I'm not one for chitchatting. 
Overall, I think Capogiro is a good place to hangout and spend time with people. I would recommend coming here with friends at least once in your lifetime.This place has not gotten any better. It should not be 6.75 for a "large" iced coffee and a tiny bagel. Also for an artisan place, you should update your seats because they have rips and tears in them. The coffee was overly bitter, so I tossed it. They are not worth the inflated cash for basic food I can get at a mom and pop coffee shop.I've never been disappointed with my choices at Capogiro. Everything tastes so good! I would recommend it any day, and suggest to try anything even if you think you might not like it. You'd be surprised.It is sad to say that despite the past three years I have lived in University City I have never tried Capogiro until today. The gelato is delicious! I do not like particularly sweets, but I find the gelato to have a perfect balance of rich creaminess and sweetness. 
However, the service was not on par as usual today. The servers were somewhat impatient and rushed my party, I don't think they were able to thoroughly sample their choices so no one in my party was particularly satisfied with the flavor combination.Authentiques glaces italiennes, parfums assez surprenants mais délicieux tels que litchi, rangoustan, chaï (à se damner).
On paie au poids et c'est plus cher que ce qu'on peut trouver au hasard d'une rue mais c'est vraiment de la qualité.Really expensive, really small portions, but really worth it. Capogiro gelato is to be slowly enjoyed with their minuscule sized 'spoons'. This is my favorite dessert in Philly. Granted I am no gelato expert but the flavors are intense and the ice cream very smooth. They also have a very natural flavor taste, not artificial flavor taste. This is especially noticeable with the mint flavor as it tastes like mint I just picked from the garden. Plus, they let you sample flavors and they are very patient with letting me sample nearly every flavor before making up my mind.Yummy gelato but really bad work environment most of the time. The waiters play really loud yelling music and turn it up as it gets later. As a Penn student I've tried to work here because it's so close but never could unfortunately :( try green line on 40th for a better work environment. Also the food is pretty over priced but the gelato is worth it.A nice spot to sit and work - I came early on a Sunday and basically had the place to myself. I just got a bagel and tea so the food was pretty standard. A little bummed they ran out of the veggie cream cheese but that was my only complaint really.Capogiro made my life when they moved into the ground floor of the Radian. Amazing gelato PLUS a bar with happy hour specials? Yes, please!
The cucumber and Grey Goose sorbetto is absolutely phenomenal if you, like me, adore the flavor of (nearly) unadulterated cucumber. And vodka makes everything better, so who can argue with that?
The seating here is good too, with outdoor tables and some comfy couch-bench-things in the back.When I asked my roommate whether she preferred gelato, ice cream or frozen yogurt, I was shocked to find out she never tried gelato before. So I proceeded to yelp the nearest gelato location and took her here ASAP. We walked over, ordered pistachio, bacio and Thai coconut. All of the flavors were yummy and creamy. Out of the three flavors, I liked coconut best even though I loved the crunch of the nuts from the other two flavors. My roommate enjoyed it, even saying she prefers this to ice cream (although froyo is still her number one). I know gelato tends to be pricey, but it still hurt when a small serving was about $4-5. 
I am proud to say that I took my roommie's gelato-ginity.Cute little place on/near UPENN's campus and not too far from Drexel University.
This place is alive at night (there's a bar on top).  My cousins and I went here for some gelato and to take a quick rest stop before heading back to the car and back on the road to Jersey.  Their gelato is so creamy and delightful, definitely a good pick me up from a long day.  You see plenty of people pass by, everyone having conversations, students walking around, cops walking around, it's a pretty safe neighborhood minus the bums that ask you for change. But it brought me back to the Chicago environment I'm used to.Really good gelato.. but other than that they even know what kind of a cafe they are. They are definitely trying to be a cute coffee shop where people sit down for hours and read, but at the same time they are offering happy hours every evening..Decoration is a little bit cold, wooden chairs/tables could have been a better choice of furniture. Since there are no other alternatives on campus I use capagiro as a coffee shop  but they just covered their outlets so i am not sure if they want people come and sit there of hours..I came here with my friend and ordered a medio gelato that included strawberry and cream, lychee and mango. It was definitely worth every penny and tastes so delicious much better than the ones I've tasted. Thank you! I will definitely come back for another visit :)I went back again recently and it was delicious, as usual, with very courteous service even though I was there with my party of 3 and a relatively busy hour and we requested a couple of flavors to try.Capogiro is honestly such a great establishment. I'm not sure I've found gelato in NYC I love as much as I love Capogiro (thus I've resorted to buying pints of Talenti gelato instead) and I was so excited to get Capo when I visited campus again this past weekend.
The gelato here is extremely refreshing and unique. The flavors rotate fairly frequently, to the point where I've come here multiple days during the week and see new flavors every day. the shop itself is extremely clean and very modern. The staff is friendly and allow you to try as many flavors as you want. A small is around $5 and can hold two different flavors. Honestly, you can't come in here and NOT find a flavor you like. It's impossible.
My favorite flavors include blood orange (a seasonal flavor that blows my mind every time--Talenti blood orange gelato just isn't as good... I miss Capogiro dearly), Mexican coffee, lemon for those hot summer days, dark chocolate, mango, grapefruit, and pretty much almost every other fruit flavor / chocolate / coffee flavor.
Great place to catch up with friends, go on a cute date, etc.I've been here several times and was hungry for lunch after going to library to pick up my reserved book. I was almost going to get a sandwich next door and then I saw tables available. I ordered soup, which comes with bread, a vegetarian panini - mozzarella, pesto, tomato. yum! They also serve La Colombe Coffee, which excites me so you can get as many refills as your little heart desires or can handle.  They also serve homemade gelato, which is really good and have free wifi. so you can sit and linger if you can get a table. They even have a bar which serves alcoholic beverages. Cool, cafe. I prefer this location over center city because I feel this one caters to students and they let you linger....I'd actually give Capo 2.5 stars, but that's not possible on here and I'm not willing to jump up to 3. Here's why - Capo is insanely OVERRATED. It's expensive for such small portions. I mean, 5 dollars for two measly scoops of gelato? 
Not worth it.
On another note, they have just about the grumpiest staff imaginable. I mean, its one thing to have to fork over 5 dollars (no pun intended), but to have to give it to a staff that could seriously care less about your business is even more disappointing. When asked what his flavor of gelato was by a friend of mine, one prominent staff member retorted 'Honestly, it really doesn't matter what my favorite flavor is.' 
Convenient place to study, but not worth a special trip - that's fosho.Summary: Gelato heaven, pricey!
Pricey for sure, but definitely worth it. It's less crowded and busy than some of the other locations, and is located smack in the middle of UPenn's campus, with City Tap House, the Rave movie theater, and some other fantastic places nearby.
Capagiro has some of the most unique and awesome flavors that I've ever come across. As I write this review, I'm enjoying my pint of mixed grapefruit and papaya gelato. Unfortunately, it ran me over 11$, but I personally feel that it is ABSOLUTELY worth it. Just giving the warning, though.
Come here with a friend as a nice ending to a day, bring a date here, or just bring your laptop and use the free wi-fi to study - the choices are endless. If you're in Philadelphia, however, Capagiro is an absolute must-visit!I was charged $13.57 for two small gelatos. Not sure why. They don't answer their phone.I've never been to Italy, but I hope to go one day (thanks to Julia Roberts in Eat, Pray, Love.. really, I want to eat gelato all.day.long.) This gelato place is nowhere near Italy. In fact, it's really close to UPenn, so if I were a Penn student, I'd be careful... this place is dangerously good and enticing! 
Anyway, Capogiro Gelato, you are close... even though you aren't my absolutely favorite gelato place. You are very close and I can probably eat you all.day.long. I ordered pistachio paired with Straciatella (Italian-style Chocolate Chip Ice Cream). Oh, delish. Definitely, no doubt, delish. For a small, it's about $5.. yes, definitely steep $$, but I think it's worth it. However, keep in mind, this is someone who loves ice-cream, gelato, sweet treats in general.. and always has room in her stomach for sweet things.
There's plenty of seating in the store, so don't rush this gelato experience. Enjoy it. Eat your gelato. Have another. Or if you're done with sweets, have some coffee to balance off the sweet.Great in a "2-visits-in-1-day" sort of way!  Easy walk from the Inn at Penn.
Cappuccinos are served traditionally, so don't come here asking for a gigantic 24oz mug.  Loved the cappuccino and the macchiato, both were powerfully delicious ...and both in the top ten of the best espresso drinks I've ever had!  My bride really dug her decaf Shakerato (iced espresso drink), although she might ask for half-sweetened next time.
Gelato was creamy and intense, just as we had hoped.  I'd strongly recommend the dark chocolate and Thai coconut combination, although the pistachio and pecan flavors were amazing as well.As a sad lactose intolerant person, their chocolate sorbetto owns my soul. I splurge on a pint a few times a year despite the exorbitant price. It's worth it! 
Their fruit based sorbetto are usually good, but occasionally a bit too sweet for my tastes.I could have sworn I had already written a review for this place, but I couldn't find it....It's simply AMAZING.  They don't just have one or two good flavors, they have a huge variety, including some that have local ingredients, and they are ALL AMAZING.  I'm bordering on addiction to this place.  The staff is always so friendly as well, I can't help but drop them a dollar in the tip jar.  Taste any flavor you want before you buy for free!I had a cup, a scoop of Thai Coconut and a scoop of Cactus Pear. Don't get me wrong, it was good, but not the greatest gelato I've ever had. Certainly, not for over $5. 
It was pretty busy with what seemed to be college kids. I guess it would be a fun hangout on a Sunday night. At least there's ample seating.some of their flavors (especially hazelnut/chocolate) deserve more than 5 stars. on the other hand, i've been disappointed by some (such as mocha).  but they are generous in allowing you to taste flavors before ordering.  last night there were even street performers just next to the outdoor seating at the west Philly location ...I wanted to like this place so much :( They have some pretty good flavors and the service is really friendly.
But.....I found shredded pieces of plastic in 3 different flavors. The first time I found it, I didn't want to cause trouble, but my friend convinced me to tell them so that I could get a new order. Then I got the new scoops...and there was more shredded plastic in it :( Really ruined the experience because I ain't about that Pica life. Used to eat paper for fun when I was like 6, but I'm over that.
The flavors I enjoyed before the plastic were bacio, pistachio, honey, and starfruit lime. There were good, creamy. The texture wasn't my favorite though. It felt a little too heavy and even denser than most gelato. I like the rich, creamy, silky type of gelato, but Capogiro's felt a little icier yet heavier. Strange. Might give this place another try, but only if Yogorino is closed or something :pMy college age son & his girlfriend stopped at the 20th St. Location over a month ago and forgot his good, pricey raincoat. He normally shops at thrift stores, so this coat had been a splurge.  Today he realized he left it there and called the shop.  THE MANAGER HAD HELD IT IN CASE THE OWNER RETURNED.  I'm so impressed and appreciative of her ethics & empathy. BTW, their gelato truly IS OUTSTANDING!I wish I could give this place 0 stars. 
While the food is delicious, 
the service is malicious. 
Never have I been treated with such disrespect by these employees. God awful.Went there the other day and it was amazing! I've had gelato in Florence, Rome, Sienna, etc. and Capo is just as good as any that can be found there. One could even make a case that it is a bit better because they seem be a bit more experimental with their flavors. Now, down to business. When I got there it was busy but not horribly so( although, while waiting in line a group of 15 sorority girls got in line) Before I made my choice I was torn between gelato and sorbetto so I tasted the heirloom apple sorbetto, which was amazing. It was like biting into the juiciest, tastiest apple I have ever had. Then I got a taste of the thai coconut, which had a perfect creamy, coconut-y flavor. I went with the gelato just because I was in a creamy mood. I decided to get the dark chocolate and amish milk to accompany the thai coconut. It was great. Just what I wanted. Next time, maybe I will go for lunch and have a sandwich before my gelatoOh, Capogiro.  Trying to lure us into a false sense of security by writing "gelato has 1/2 the fat of ice cream" on your cups.  I'm onto you. You're not fooling anyone into thinking that your sweet, creamy, delectable gelato is good for anything in my body other than my dancing taste buds.
Classic flavor selections, with a few seasonal, quirky gems thrown in here and there to keep things interesting.  Love the Bacio!I love that it's in University City, always walk here when I'm dying for gelato. I often ask for specials, or limited taste, always satisfied with all my choices. I recently got Pumpkin, it was good, not too sweet. 
Always coming back for more!The gelato was good, but overpriced in my opinion for the amount you get. They have a bunch of interesting flavors though.I love Capogiro, and think really highly of their gelato (god knows I ate enough throughout all of Italy to trust my sense of quality). They certainly know how to choose locations that will rake in the $$$, especially with this one right in the heart of UCity, and on the main drag leading from UPenn/Drexel campuses towards the movie theater and all of the restaurants and bars. 
The main crowds consist of students (which of course can range from the nice to the obnoxious, depending on day/time during the week) and also all of the residents of UCity and those that come to the movie theater. But regardless of the guaranteed crowded location, while schools are in session and especially once the weather gets warmer, you are at least also guaranteed the same high quality, scrumptious gelato melting on your tongue.I agree that the gelatos are GOOD. However, I did not feel that their flavors were particularly unique. Also it is PRICEY. 
On my single visit, I tried: pear, grapefruit, coconut, sweet amish milk, dark chocolate, irish coffee and butterscotch bourbon. Recommend grapefruit for something light and dark chocolate for something rich.Although they have coffee, breakfast options, and grilled cheese here, I have only sampled their main draw- gelato- before it gets too cold to do so. 
The staff is attentive and friendly and offered me samples before making my extremely important decision- which flavor shall I try? I really wanted pistachio but also wanted something else. Ah ha! They have chocolate mint made with locally-grown mint. Sold!
A small gelato is $5.50- kind of expensive for me. But this isn't an everyday treat; it is a rich, flavorful experience to be savored. The pistachio was just perfect- creamy and full of flavor. The chocolate/mint tasted strongly of fresh mint leaves, but not so much of chocolate. Overall it was quite good, but the mint/chocolate wasn't as satisfying as I had hoped. 
There is plenty of seating inside and outside of this store, which takes advantage of high ceilings and pane glass walls to create an open space. 
The ambience is relaxed, and the music is a bit loud to study/read to, but it is a nice place to sit and relax (and enjoy your coffee and/or gelato treat).
I will be back to try other gelato flavors- in the spring.One might think you can't top gelato & liquor in one place... but then Capogiro manages to dish up a mojito gelato! Best of both worlds.
The gelato is great, but the drinks are pricey, so go during their weekday happy hour (4 to 7 p.m.). Free WiFi & outdoor seating for those non-heat wave days. 
Only complaint is the floor... moving the chairs is like nails on a chalk board..  ick.What better to combat the sweltering summer heat than gelato...artisan gelato at that!
The wait staff were very friendly.  I arrived 20 minutes before my friends and the employees had no problem with me sitting in the AC before I purchased anything.  The wait staff were also very pleasant while I sampled a number of flavors before making my decision: White Peach (not be confused with the regular Peach flavor) that had refreshing little chunks of peaches. 
I also sampled the Avocado (surprisingly nice flavor but *way* too rich and creamy, even for gelato), Thai Coconut (delicious, but a very strong - you have to love coconut!), and Banana Rum (my least favorite as it did not taste like a natural banana flavor).
Though pricey ($4+ for a small cup), it is delicious.  For a single person, you really don't need anything bigger than the smallest size as it is so rich.Not going to lie, the gelato here is very, very good. 
That said, it seems as if the location in U City is having a bit of an identity crisis. It's like they're asking themselves, "Are we a hangout space or are we a retail space?" Trying to walk the middle ground has done strange things to this place, such as their current policy of covering up all the outlets? There were more than a few disgruntled people walking through with that complaint, me one of them. How else am I going to get tasty ice cream and work on my thesis?The service was great. They have a lot of different flavors. We came here on a hot summer day and it was perfect!  The only thing I didn't like was our sticky table.I've been coming here every day to work on my laptop -- I have not yet tried the gelato so I can't comment on how delicious it is, but it does look really good.  I have, however, had a delicious bagel sandwich, various coffee, and tea, all of which have been very yummy.
Other important facts: GREAT wi-fi.  It's fast, doesn't ever kick you off (I spent yesterday uploading photos, for example), and there are plenty of outlets.  The music is also good.
There is, however, one problem with the place: it's insanely cold.  It's 90 degrees out but I have to bring a sweatshirt.  I know there's gelato here, but really, does the entire store need to be so cold?  Take it up 5-10 degrees and everyone will be so happy.
That said, they have me coming back, and I HATE being cold.  So this place is decidedly awesome.I am an ice cream/gelato freak. I was so excited to try Capogiro thinking there was no way on earth I wasn't going to like it. 
First of all, the gelato itself was amazing. I would certainly go back. I had milk chocolate and chocolate hazelnut. My fiance had the dark chocolate. I may have taken several swipes of his ... and I don't even LIKE dark chocolate.
I think it was the location that annoyed me. Little emo college punks who think they're better than you (HELLO! YOU'RE WORKING IN AN ICE CREAM PARLOR!). Get over yourselves ...
Will definitely try again because the product was incredible but perhaps a different location will better suit me.Love this place, however one of the employees can quickly ruin your day. Beware the dude with the phillies hat, earrings and dreadful attitude. He maintains a sour demeanor and always  gives you significantly less gelato than the other employees, who are great.This place makes me happy! It's not cheap, but worth every penny. On a beautiful Phila day, nothing is happier than a trip to Capogiro's for a gelato. I've had most the flavors and, with the exception of cashew, I'm always pleased! My fav is pistachio. This Universal City location has a liquor license, too, so it's a great date place.The iced coffee is probably the only thing that will bring me back.  The bagels and granola are good as well.
However, the service here is the WORST of any restaurant I have ever been to.  The regular cashier, who may also be the manager, sighs and rolls his eyes at me every time I ask for soy milk in the iced coffee.  One time he filled my coffee cup only half way and when I asked if he could please fill it up the rest of the way he just looked at me like I was joking.
Honestly, the service at Capogiro makes me never want to return despite its convenient location and decent food.  I know that the poor service there is a regular complaint among its customers. I think that with a new manager and a new sales force it could really turn itself around.There hasn't been a gelato I haven't liked at Capogiro. I love love love their grapefruit (they're also the only place outside of Italy that I've found with grapefruit)! And their bacio and the thai coconut milk and blood orange and... everything.
They also have a liquor license here so they make delicious little cocktails and serve some pretty good beers.
The staff is amazing too, very patient :) All in all, AWESOME!!Eh. I will probably get a lot of yelp-hate for this, but capogiro's gelato tastes like semi-melty ice cream to me. After having been to Pitango Gelato in Baltimore (Fell's Point) many times in college, their gelato is my standard of good gelato. Creamy. Bursts of intense flavor in your mouth. 
I got the Pistachio and also the Burnt Sugar. They were okay. Again, the flavors tasted watered down/weak to me...I had to focus a lot to taste both flavors because there were not that intense. Texturally, I was not impressed. I thought gelato is supposed to be creamy? It tasted a little creamy, but again...watery. Not worth the $5.13 I paid.The absolute best, most delicious, frozen dessert EVER ! I love Capogiro and am super excited that they are expanding over the city, for m ore convenient addiction infused/ I mean neccesary sweet tooth stops. The best flavors are the funky ones, think Mojito (Cuban rum, lime drink ) or goat milk lavendar; plus lime, straciatella,  and Bacio - the kiss (chocolate hazelnut) are always a delectable option. Baby, its cold outside - you might say , but no worries, this Italian masterpiece of fresh delish is available all year long.Capogiro NEVER fails to hit the spot! Stopped into the University City location on a hot Saturday afternoon in search of some gelato (after ruling out the Mr. Softee truck and feeling too lazy to walk all the way to 36th and Chestnut to Kiwi), and I settled on a combination of the chocolate banana and dulce de leche--surprisingly enough they tasted great together!  Not to mention, the girls at the counter were SO friendly--I got into a conversation with one of them about makeup!  It's amazing what kinds of things can happen over gelato ;)AMAZING GELATO PLACE. First off, the gelato and sorbetto were amazing. I got the grapefruit and the pina colada. Texture was out of this world and it tasted so good! Melted in my mouth. Definitely the best frozen dessert I have ever had. The service was quick and friendly, very much appreciated. The place itself is also really cute. They had a lot of options like breakfast foods and coffee, I can see myself being here quite often if I were a student at UPenn. I see the place is also very interested in helping its farmers and community, which I like and support. Even though a small size, which is very small, is over $4, I will definitely be back here again, how could I not?Late hours? High quality lattes that come in glasses? Ample seating and a cute little bar for beer? 
I'm a fan, such a fan. I haven't tried the pastries or gelato yet, but I'm a fan just based on the fact that I can take my time here sipping my latte and doing work. 
Ah, lovely lovely. I'm feeling less stressed out already.One time I was caught fawning over this Capo location's beautiful Porsche of an espresso machine. With her arm slung over the side of its stainless steel railed top, the barista said, "Isn't she a beaut? I open this baby up every night and clean it." My fondness grew as she detailed the insides, it's regular maintenance. "How much is this amazing piece of machinery? Like $25,000?"  I asked. She nodded "Yeah, $25,000. This machine makes the best espresso on the east coast," she said, and that's why I love Capogiro.The best gelato place in the city. I've been to almost all their locations and each times have had friendly, efficient service. The one in University City especially blew my mind with their freakishly clean bathrooms. Total plus in the city!
I'm kinda bummed they got rid of the cream cheese flavor; that was one of my favorites. Others that top my list are Nutella, fior di latte, straciatella, hazelnut, and macadamia nut. Combine the macadamia nut with milk chocolate and it's like a Hawaiian Host! 
One gripe: it does get a little pricey, so my husband and I usually split a medium-sized one.On the way to Fresh Grocer, I probably walk by Capogiro about twice a week without ever having had their ice-cream. Every time the place comes up in a conversation, their no.1 ice cream award from "National Geographic" is mentioned, and one day we just had to find out what is up about it.
We had a large gelato with heirloom tomato, chocolate and hazelnuts, cinnamon and Irish coffee. Additionally, we also tried the Ugli. Until now I have not been able to figure out what "Ugli" means or what that gelato contained, and similarly I feel about the other flavors now. Chocolate and Irish coffee are very different from products of the same name at other places, and heirloom tomato was the best of them all. The gelato here is very soft in texture and feels very creamy without putting a burden on your stomach like most ice-cream does.
As expected from a place with too many awards, you get a fairly small amount of gelato even with the large size. With those prices it will be unlikely for me to come back often, so my diet will be thankful.Everything in this place is so tasty. Of course the gelatos were amazing. The workers were so nice. Love it there!This place is just...... 10/10. The flavors are all varied and you get free samples. I recommend the Banana flavor. Seriously. It's fruity but not overwhelmingly so. But to be honest, pretty much all of the flavors rock. I constantly come back to this place. And it's in a good location! Very beautiful for a nice walk with some ice cream in your hands. :)Thai coconut milk, pistachio and dark chocolate are must try flavors at this place. They win the best flavors at this place for me and lot of my friends too ! Tried cafe espresso, green tea, mango and papaya too.  they were good too !I stopped in here with my girlfriend for a treat after a nice jog along Kelly drive. It is nestled nicely across from a fresh grocer and the rave cinemas movie theater both of which are pretty good. Thus it's nice to grab a delicious ice cream treat and then hit movie theater.
This Capogiro Gelato Artisans is similar to the one in Center City and is clean and attended by a young hipster college crowd given its proximity to Drexel and Upenn.
The hours posted on the door said they were open until 11 PM which for a Thursday night was really great.
I had a cone with the cream cheese gelato and chocolate peanut butter gelato. Delicious. My girl got the Irish cream in a cup. Delicious as well.
I would definitely return here and have been here several times before. While it is not Franklin fountain it is a sweet treat in University City.Best Gelato in the world? ofc I had to come here. But before I start on the gelato, I must say the service here is really great. Our server was a real funny guy and made the process of choosing our gelato a lot of fun. He joked around a made the experience enjoyable and he was knowledgeable about which combinations to pair with another. 
Now for the gelato! you can get it in their famous cones or if your trying to justify eating gelato and being somewhat healthier but not getting the cone even though it makes no sense then you can get the gelato in a cup! 
The small size gets you two flavors, so feel free to try some combinations or ask your server for suggestions. I went with the coffee and dark chocolate. The dark chocolate gelato was super decadent and the consistency was almost that of a fudge. I swear after two bites I was hooked. The coffee gelato did not have that strong of a flavor and wasn't as sweet so together the two were prefect and I had a beautiful little mocha thing happening.
I will be back the next time I visit Philly.Because I have been asked to keep shit up, I've got another yelp for ya today, dear readers. Capogiro is the illest, panty-droppingest, end-the-night-oh-so-sweetest dessert place I can ever imagine. Their sorbetto is hands down the best I've ever had. Yeah I've been to Italy and I like it better here. Suck it.There's a reason Capogiro was named the #1 the best place to get ice cream in the the WORLD! I tried the pistachio and hazelnut which were really delicious. I've also tried their cappuccino and lattes here, both very nice. This location is also extremely close to Penn's campus and provides the perfect "coffee-shop" atmosphere for some studying or people watching as well ;) 
The service here is friendly and fast. This can also be the perfect place for a desert after a date or just to catch up with friends, there's plenty of seating inside and at the bar!Love their gelato and coffee drinks! Try the afogato (espresso + gelato) or if you're craving something sweet (and want something warm), try their hot chocolate. Beware though - it's really sweet (but perfect for someone with a crazy sweet tooth like me!). 
They come out with cool new flavors during summer so watch out for those too. I remember they had cucumber flavored gelato once and it was actually refreshing. 
Noise level can be high and I wish they had more comfy seats. I understand that they're not going for the typical starbucks comfy living room couch feel, but it's time to upgrade to some plushy chairs. C'mon, considering the level of business they have, think it's time. 
Anyway, overall four stars. Will be going there again... and again... and again.They've got some incredible gelato. I came in a skeptic and left a believer. Came back the next day because it was that good, but I was disappointed to learn that the flavors change daily. Thus, the sweet basil gelato, which stole my heart Sunday night, was no longer available on Monday. Instead I settled for a combination of an espresso and chocolate flavor and a rosemary and goat's milk flavor. These were both good, but nothing compared to that basil gelato. I hear they also have a great pignoli. Flavors I would not recommend include the tahini and the lime and cilantro.
Tasty as this gelato is, it's a little more expensive than I really would expect. This, I think, is actually a good thing in that it helps to discourage what would otherwise be extremely frequent patronage.This Capogiro is probably the largest and the nicest, but also the most filled with Penn students. Still, it's a good place to sit down for a while with some friends if you want a table, and if you go during off hours it's not too bad.
The gelato is, of course, amazing. That goes without saying. They'd get five stars for gelato alone, but all of you know that. It's expensive but delicious.
Their sandwiches have left me desiring something more. They take forever to be heated up and the BLT that I had here was too crunchy on the outside and too slimy on the inside--the bacon was limp and it was just disappointing.
HOWEVER, oh my gosh, now they have the most delicious bagels. They are apparently imported from H&H in New York and they have solved my bagel dilemma (previously there really were NO good bagels in Philadelphia). Crispy on the outside, soft on the inside, with a nice brown shell and a nice depth of flavor. The Everything variety was salty and garlicky and wonderful. Too bad they were out of chive cream cheese, it sounds awesome.
In summary: this Capogiro is crowded, loud, expensive, and delicious (therefore, worth it).Capogiro has some amazing gelato. Every flavor tastes exactly like you would expect. No artificial flavoring. I have yet to have a bad one yet! The gelato is smooth, creamy, and bursting with flavor! The flavors are always rotating and seasonal so there's always something new to try. 
Recently, I've been splurging on their gelato cookie sandwiches. Cookies + gelato = amazing. Try it, you won't regret it. 
The downside is the price. This place is a bit pricey. The portions look tiny, but I'm always satisfied with the small. Be prepared to spend $5 or more for this delicious treat.When you're in the mood for something sinful and sweet,  have the healthier but just as tasty option - Capogiros baccio gelato. Other favorite flavors include Hazelnut, amish milk and pommelo.Add a multitude of Gelato choices to Starbucks, increase the freshness of pastries and sandwiches, insert a great street-side cafe location, and reduce the volume of wait time and you have the Capogiro Gelato at 40th and Market in Philadelphia.
The cinnamon roll I ate was unique in that its texture was very similar to a croissant. The latte presentation was appealing, and the flavor of all items was pleasant and even a bit unique. 
I believe Capogiro Gelato uses pre-packaged pastry and sandwich items - as I have assumed Starbucks uses; however, the flavor of these was surprisingly unique and fresh.The first dessert places I went to when I moved to Philadelphia. The staff here is so incredibly nice and friendly, and they helped me pick great gelato combos, and gave me restaurant tips for Philly. This is a great place for a dessert date or to do some work. But it's always busy and fairly loud so it depends on your study style. 
It's slightly pricy for how much you get, but the gelato is so rich it's filling. The coffee here is also strong, so I come here all the time for the affogatos.The chain as a whole is just fine - ice cream is decent and the espresso is good. The issue is the complete lack of customer service, especially at the walnut street location. The manager there is something out of a nightmare where you get stuck in a room with the person who most annoys you ... forever. Not only does he try to upsell you on cappuccino (two shots?...no i said one...) which just feels absurd to me but he also pesters you about anything you might be doing that annoys him slightly. Like talking above a whisper, or eating a twinkie you bought at Wawa. "There's a sign, no outside food, did you read it?" . There's this idea that pissing off your customers makes them not want to ever come back, have you heard of it? Thanks but no thanks Capogiro. Please fire your terrible managers and actually impress.Amazing gelato. Drool!!!!
I come here all the time when I visit my friends at the Radian. I have tried several flavors, and I like chocolate, cream cheese and Amish the best. Chocolate is simply so flavorful and smooth. Cream cheese is sweet and delicious and gives a strong aftertaste. Amish is also very very good. They also serve good coffee and croissants here.This is by far the best and most authentic cafe in the whole city. It's a bit out of the way for most who are traveling into center city, but it is well worth it. Sitting in university city on penn's campus, capogiro has the best coffees, friendliest staff, and excellent food all around.
Ranging from trying their gelato (which they're well known for), to their warm gooey brownies, everything I've tried here so far is well above par. 
I give this 5 stars because not once I have ever had a negative experience here.This is a really great place to go after dinner for dessert, or even for something sweet to help you cool off after a hot day. It's also a great place for a quick date. How can you go wrong?!
There are SO many flavours to choose from, but if you can't make up your mind, this place will let you taste test the ones that interest you, in order to help. And if you like more than one, don't fret - they allow you to have multiple flavours of ice cream in one cup. Pricing isn't bad (less than 5 dollars), especially considering how much ice cream they are able to fit in one cup. Note that they do fill up the cups beyond the trim.
Service here is great - they have multiple people at the counters too, in case people need to taste test, so you're not waiting in line for long periods to get served.such a nice place and super great gelato!!!!! love the gooseberry flavor! I even can see the parts of the berry~~ definitely wanna go back again! wanna try the coffee there!
and also love the girl serving ice cream, super cute~Gelato and espresso are really good here! The chocolate scurro and bacio gelato are especially amazing (so nice to get free samples!). Tiramisu is okay but nothing impressive. A bit rather expensive for my taste so thats one star off, and i dont come here a lot.My cousin was raving about this place saying that it was voted best gelato in America and maybe even the world and quite honestly, it's good but not that good. And I've been to Europe a few times and had the gelato there.
Maybe it's because it's more of a college thing to come down here, hang out, get some good desserts and go to class (if people go to class here).
I tried their pistachio, chocolate, vanilla, Nutella, and peanut butter flavors and thought that they were all just ok. Definitely better than what I've had around here in Philly (maybe not the one place in Roxborough) but in comparison to what I've had in Europe (Greece especially) and in LA, this place is a solid 3/5. Not to say that it's bad, but honestly, maybe it's the lack of competition of gelato in the city that makes this place amazingly great.
I don't think I'd drive all the way out here just to have their gelato. Maybe if I was in the area then maybe but parking here is almost an impossible task so that'll be a huge MAYBE if I'm in the area.
Service was fine, nothing exceptional or friendly. They just did what they were requested to do. Didn't come across as friendly or rude, just blah.
Parking: Almost impossible, limited paid street parking
Wait: 5 mins
Price: $7+Since moving to Philadelphia for a month-long internship, I've gone to this place at least 15 times for gelato, and try to sample different flavors each time. The gelato flavors do change a bit day to day. Gelato is very good - some of flavors may be a bit bland if you have a really sweet tooth, but each brings out natural flavor. Excellent, kind, helpful staff at each visit.  My favorites have been peach, coconut, burnt sugar; mojito mint is bold too, the avocado has a silky texture, the dark chocolate is rich, and chocolate hazelnut is very well balanced. You can't go wrong. They let you sample flavors, but I just like to be be adventurous, since I know I'll be coming back! I had a cappuccino here once, and it was well prepared. Seating is ample, indoors or out. 
***Unfortunately, as of yesterday, they require a $10 minimum for credit card purchases - I almost took off 1 star for this:)***I LOVE Capogiro. It's one of my go to places for a sweet treat. They let you sample the flavors before you make a final decision which is always nice. The cookie sandwich has recently appeared on their menu. You get to select the cookie and gelato flavor for your own personal sandwich! My only complaint is some of the employees jam the sandwich into a small cup so you can't actually eat it like a sandwich (unless you disassemble the cup..but that would make a mess and defeat the purpose of the cup). It's a little pricier than your average "ice cream shop", but it's high quality gelato and 100% worth it. Definitely a good place to stop treat yourself on a good day, rough day, or any day in between.Indecisive folks- this place was made for you! This establishment boasts the best gelato in the world  (a title bestowed by National Geographic) and the staff welcomes customers to sample to their heart's content. 
My favorites are pistachio, hazelnut, and peanut butter. My mom and sister usually get one of the fruity flavors such as blood orange or kiwi. 
The quality of the ingredients is unsurpassable. This is definitely a must visit place when you're in Philadelphia!If God allowed me to choose one thing that would exist as is and be calorie-free, I would beg for Capogiro Gelato to be it. 
Alas, because gelato is too love-handle friendly, I've succumbed to slinking in and out of frozen yogurt places. But I pine (PINE!!)  for Capogiro. 
Their unique flavor combinations appeal to the food snobs while the tried and true flavors lure in those less adventurous. 
Starfruit and lime? YES! ... oh wait, is that a hint of something spicy in it? EVIL GENIUS!
My friend actually said to me "I have on my calendar that in August they make fig gelato and I stalk the stores until I find it." ... obsessed much? Yes. Yes we are.
I've never lapped something so slowly yet so eagerly.Once in a summer blue moon, I'll stop by Capogiro for scoops of their dark chocolate and hazelnut gelato, and ONLY their dark chocolate and hazelnut gelato. Not to say their other fine flavors are less worthy, but I'm a loyalist. Trust me, you can't go wrong with any of their many decadent gelato and fresh sorbet flavors. I know they also serve coffees, sandwiches, and baked sweets, but I hardly notice them because I'm often too preoccupied scarfing down the dark chocolate and hazelnut gelato.Amazing gelato! This is the second location I've been to after the one on 13th. This one somehow seems comfier and friendlier. Probably due to its high volume of college students and business workers. Not to mention, they have much more seating than the other location I've been to. 
I got the Pistachio and Hazelnut gelatos together. It's very smooth and definitely packs a punch in flavor profiles. You could say the taste of their gelato was nutty. *cue rim shot for bad puns*
Would definitely come back to try some of their other options of treats. I'm thinking affogato next time! Happy splurging!Hey, you know what? GELATO IS FANTASTIC.
I took my kids in here for some pricey gelato and I wasn't at all disappointed.
Thai coconut flavor was awesome. Not too sweet, distinct mellow unsweetened coconut flavor. The mojito flavor was on point too, although I must admit after a while it was starting to get to be too much. And it was only half!
The kids had strawberry and the sweet cream...both delicious.
No complaints, just a BIT on the pricey side.This particular Capogiro location is my favorite and they deliver with great service, ample space and alcohol. The employees are super helpful and will offer flavor advice and compliments as well as numerous samples to the undecided customer. Strawberry season is a real (brief!) treat at all their locations and I wholeheartedly recommend the basic flavor of such or the more decadent strawberry stracciatella.
The less you need to move the inside chairs around, the better. For all our sakes. The outdoor seating includes both shady and sunny spots, which is a major plus.Their espresso is downright OUTSTANDING. Beautiful latte art and delicious shots. The gelato is also great, but I can't get enough of the caffeine. The staff can be a little snobby, but once you befriend them, they're really nice, and they'll give you nice perks (extra shots!!) The manager is a little grumpy - he is always shooing people away from sitting outside and getting angry at people for plugging their computers in. I don't like the fact that they got rid of outlets - so minus one star for that. But other than that, love this place.So I've been here 3 separate times, and I can say that what has remained consistent those 3 times are 1) the feeling that I just wasted money on not that much gelato and 2) that the people at the counter always have an indifferent/bored/i-hate-my-job look. Each time I ask to try the gelato (because, you know, I'd like to try the different flavors before I spend more than $5 on two flavors), the cashier kind of just glares at me or stares at me, making me feel extremely uncomfortable. So by the time I get the gelato, I just kind of want to pay the money and go to the table furthest away from the cashier. I'm usually pretty okay with bad service, but at a place like Capogiro, which focuses on fancier desserts, I would expect better attitudes from the workers there.
Anyway, moving onto the gelato itself. The flavors are pretty innovative and are tasty, but sometimes the consistency is strange. The first time, it was on the icier side, but the second time, the gelato seemed to melt so fast that it was a race to finish the small portion of gelato I was given. In addition, they really don't give you that much for the $5 you pay (it seems that the pictures are mostly taken really close to the gelato), and the flavors aren't that great that I'd be willing to keep spending the money. I would go once or twice for the experience, but that's about it.YUM YUM AND YUM
I love their italian chocolate chip and nutella. 
Smooth and creamy a little pricey but hey it's a business afterallYummy, yummy, yummy. Not the greatest gelato I've ever had, but it's up there.  My favorite is the straciatella. My only complaint is about the servings. Sometimes they'll paddle it into the cup in a way that leaves an empty pocket in the middle of the cup so you're don't realize until you dig in that you're getting less than you expected.Super cozy spot with lots to eat besides gelato. Irish coffee gelato was perfect-not to sweet, and just the right consistency. Great place to sit down and chat with a friend or do some reading/paperwork/studying. 10/10 would recommend. Can't wait to go back and try more flavors.Impressive Gelato in the heart of University City. Relaxing atmosphere and good location. Some of the best Gelato I have had. Small cup starts at over 5 bucks but easily worth it.Nothing new to add really. 
I love all kinds of frozen treats, and Capogiro doesn't fall short. The Baccio (chocolate hazelnut) and Fior di Latte (sweet Amish milk) are delicious, albeit somewhat too sweet and rich for me when I eat them together. 
I understand they're aiming towards branding themselves as a high-end, gourmet product, but its -way- overpriced. I could get a pint at full price at Wawa for the same amount of money I get two scoops of gelato here.Tasty gelato. Service was a bit slow since people wanted to sample before committing, but understandable. Good selection of popular flavors such as chocolates, pistachio, but also nice selection of more interesting, such as grapefruit, blood orange, sweet honey. There are some dairy free options as well. The website usually posts the daily flavors.One of my favorites in U City. The iced coffee is packed with more caffeine than is healthy but totally worth it. Gelato comes in so many fun flavors... you can't go wrong. Staff is A+++I have some sort of coffee 4-6 days a week and alternate between your standard black coffee and mochas for the most part. I just had the worst mocha I think I've ever tasted at Capogiro which honestly I was very surprised by. 
At first, I thought maybe it was a fluke and asked for it to be remade. To the barista's credit, he was very nice about remaking the mocha. But even on the second try, there was still a very strange and unpleasant, almost powdery, after taste. 
Maybe the milk was mislabeled or the espresso machine is acting up but two tries and still terrible! So disappointed!I've been to every Capogirlos and while other ones have been good to great this one is subpar. Manager was extremely rude and was clearly stressed out by an inability to perform.  Avoid.Downgrading this to one-star because am pretty sure that they downsized all their paninis and sandwiches but kept them all at the same price.Great place for some quality gelato in University City! 
I've tried a few of their flavors here, but there are so many more I want to try. The only thing holding me back from getting some gelato every time I'm here is the price. For a little over $5, you can get a small cup that can hold up to two flavors. 
Flavors I've tried (not including the countless flavors I've actually sampled haha):
1) Thai coconut milk - very refreshing coconut taste especially on a hot day; not an overpowering coconut taste but it is nicely complimented with the milky flavor 
2) Champagne mango - think your typical mango taste but toned down a notch. They have a mango flavor as well but their champagne mango is much lighter and less sweet. Pair it with the thai coconut milk, and it'll sure remind you of the mango sticky rice dessert at Thai restaurants! Delicious combo!
3) Hazelnut - one cannot go wrong with hazelnut. One of the best hazelnut flavors I've tried!
4) Chocolate banana - I love chocolate and banana combos and this gelato flavor is divine. It reminds me of chocolate-dipped frozen banana slices...yum!
Service is very friendly, and I find myself studying here numerous times a week. They have gelato, coffee, tables, and chill music. Great place to chill, study, or catch up with a friend over some coffee or gelato!I was very impressed by the gelato I ordered here.  I got a combo of Mexican coffee and chocolate banana.  They were both so creamy.  The chocolate banana was like fresh pureed banana in a light chocolate.  The Mexican coffee was like a milky no caffeinated latte.  There is a restaurant and bar behind the gelato counter that I didn't go into, but the atmosphere looked very inviting.Nice little place to study or hang out and get gelato. I've been here about five times while visiting my sister from out of town. We always share a cup of gelato because the portions are pretty generous and the price is astronomical. For drinks, I like their hot chocolate.
Their wifi is decent, but make sure to bring your electronics fully charged. There are no outlets!This gelato is so delicious we went two days in a row.  The place is stocked with close to 20 different flavors, of which many rotate daily.  The gelato is of a very high quality, and the flavors showcase a process that doesn't cut corners.  The small size is rather large and allows you to sample two flavors.  I had the following flavors: thai coconut milk, sumatra cinnamon, tiramisu and chocolate espresso.  They were all fantastic.  The staff is also pretty friendly and are pretty liberal with their samples.
This place also serves up sandwiches, some other sweets, and inexpensive espresso drinks.  My friend got a dopio and said the espresso was a little on the sour side.  I'm also dropping a star for how expensive the gelato is (about $5 for a small ).
Overall, this is a great place for a lazy afternoon treat.  There is plenty of seating both inside and outside to relax and enjoy.The gelato here is exceptional! Very delicious. I came here on one of the earliest dates with my now husband. There is lots of sitting space, it's not overcrowded. The staff are quick and kind. There is so much variety. The quality of the gelato here is amazing. I highly recommend.Overpriced and snoody. Hired hipster staff to give the place cred. But nothing can justify 5 dollars for a small ice cream. Twat of a 'manager' presumably, made a scene when some friends and I were smoking cigarettes outside. Freaked out as if it was the end of the world. ITs not that serious lil' dude, chill out.
Also NEWSFLASH - from an American who travels to Italy frequently, their ice cream tastes nothing like authentic gelato. Leave it to capitalist rich people to travel overseas and figure out another way to bastardize and exploit foreign customs and traditions . a classic formula worked againUmmm...how come we haven't figured out how to merge gelato and bar drinks here in NYC???
Gelato was only "meh" to me.  But Capogiro scores extra points for 1) SERVING BOOZE and 2) being the place where my baby bro got propositioned by some hot blonde taller than him.  Awesome.This place is pretty delicious. Small servings for the price. 
I'm not big on Gelato, but all in all it was good with a lot of offerings.
I got chocolate and chocolate chip. Staples.
My friend seemed to really like it, but I didn't ask enough questions to get a complete answer from her. 
I may try it again.If you are looking for a place to meet with friends or work on that paper while enjoying coffee, food, or gelato, this is it!
The gelato is delicious; every flavor is exactly as it is described.  Also the staff is patient while you are selecting your flavors.  They will give samples and recommendations.  I love the lattes.  The sandwiches are really good too if you are looking for something eat at lunch.  They also have a bar so if you wanted an alcoholic drink with a bit of gelato, this is your place as well.  I've gone here more times than I can count and the worst thing that has happened was getting a plain crossant instead of the almond one I ordered.  But I still love going here.I am going to start off by saying that I think the gelato here is wonderful, but the service I just had really left a bad taste in my mouth. It was bad enough that before I left I requested our servers name (it was Jay by the way) and as soon as my boyfriend and I got back to our apartment we made a Yelp account to write this review. I hope that whoever manages this place reads it and looks into the matter. 
Jay was incredibly rude and when I made a request for some of the pistachios in my pistachio gelato, he looked at me like what I had asked for was entirely unreasonable, making a rude remark and was very reluctant to do it for me.This has never been a problem the four other times I have been; I don't know what's up with this guy. 
Again the gelato was good, but until the service improves, I don't think I'll be coming back.LOVED this place! And the staff is really nice! He gave me his recommendations, and let me sample so many flavors! And each sample he gave me was HUGE! And even though the gelato is on the pricey end, they give you a good amount! I could barely finish a small on my own.
Since I came in the morning, I felt like something more fruity. I ended up getting Pineapple Sage and Champagne Mango. The Pineapple Sage was amazing! Such a unique flavor, and not too sweet! I really like that this place has unique sorbet flavors. Most gelato places I've been too don't really have inventive sorbets (just the generic mango, raspberry, orange etc). I would definitely recommend trying their sorbets.
I also like that they offer other cafe staples, and have a large storefront. It's great to be able to sit down and enjoy your gelato. Free wifi as well!All of the Capogiro locations are excellent -- the best Gelato you can get this side of the Atlantic. But THIS Capogiro has a big space, free wifi, and a liquor license. Highly recommended. 
You should order an Affogato: gelato with a shot of espresso on top, served in a coffee cup.I may need to come back for the gelato here. Cause I only tried it once, and it was melting all over the place which killed the mood. But what I could sure is that Capogiro definitely is a great spot for both studying alone and hanging out with friends.SO expensive, but SO worth it. Seriously, you know exactly where these ingredients are coming from, and its not from a prepackaged bag sent from a distribution plant in Texas. It is the real deal, made from local and sustainable product. Flavors are always changing, but my FAVE is probably the pistachio. They also have a great little bar where you can grab a  night cap of sorts or an espresso/coffee drink with a kick. If you are going to go for it, I suggest getting an Irish coffee with a scoop of Gelato. You're welcome.Capogiro is my go to stop for gelato and coffee. Their gelato selection is continually changing, so on a given day you may get to try samples of unique flavors like goat cheese, pumpkin, bourbon vanilla, pear, etc. The servers are friendly and enthusiastic about recommending different flavor pairings for those of you who are hugely indecisive like me. Of the dozens of flavors I've tried (I come here a lot), my favorites are the oscuro dark chocolate, pistachio, sweet Amish milk, and nutella. Usually, a small serving with two scoops is enough to satisfy your gelato craving. 
For coffee lovers, the affogato (espresso over a flavor of gelato) is a nice combination of hot and cold. I also love their rich iced lattes, which are much better than Starbuck's. For hot chocolate lovers, be sure to try the Italian hot chocolate - it's a thick, hot drink topped with decadent whipped cream that you have to eat with a spoon. Absolutely divine on blustery winter nights, which we get a lot of in Philly.$$$$. It's decent, mostly I taste heavy cream mixture which everybody relates to gelato being smooth. I go here socially. But this it's not my thing to pay $6 for tiny scoops of ice cream.To preface, I have yet to try the gelato, so I consider this incomplete.
Regarding their coffee and food however-- I ordered a small coffee and a greek salad. The coffee is from La Colombe and was naturally very good. The salad was below expectations, for one not even having anything green in it, but more importantly, it was just a dull arrangement of various ingredients (tomato, cucumber, and olives) rather than any intentional combination like most (even generic salads do better).
Service is good though there's usually a line and seating can be hard to find. Decor is passable at best-- it's all got a very cheap feel to it.
One tip, best to stick around if you can afford it, as they'll charge you more if you get your drink to go.
Overall, not bad. I do think it's a bit overpriced (and considering the demand, it's obvious why it is so-- not to mention the erased chalk on their menu), however it tends to be an awfully convenient stop.Best. Gelato. Ever. I've never seen such unique flavors under one roof.  It's a bit pricey for gelato maybe (around 5$ for a small cup with two flavors) but seriously worth it. I had the sweet basil and papaya flavor.... and I almost forgot to hand the money over to the cashier because I was too busy licking the gelato from the cup. Why not use a spoon, you say? I didn't want to waste time scooping it out with a spoon. That's how good it is.Hi, my name is Joseph K. and I am addicted to coffee.
What I Ordered: Cafe Americano with an extra shot to brighten my day. Sometimes if I stop by for lunch, I'll throw in a panini. On cold mornings, I'll occassionally have their oatmeal (which tastes phenomenal).
Verdict: Cost is not an issue if you're getting a coffee. I've heard time and time again that Caps overprices their stuff. It's actually pretty competitive. $3 for a 3-shot Americano. Their coffee tastes great (while satiating my addiction), as does their food. They do have a pretty wide selection of unique gelato flavors. Unfortunately, yours truly is not a big fan of ice cream, gelato, sorbets, etc. The gelatos are fairly popular, especially during the summer months.Ah Capigiro, my fair maiden. I am a Drexel student, but I often take the mile trek through Penn's campus to enjoy this treat. 
The gelatos are out of this world. I have never had a bad flavour and have been stopping here for years. The sandwiches are tasty, too. The vibe is hip and internet is fast. What's not to like?The gelato here is amazing. I've liked every flavor I've tried. 
I've had dark chocolate, mocha, cappuccino, Mexican coffee, Thai coconut, pistachio, Amish cream (or whatever), cinnamon, mango, rosemary goat's milk, maybe passion fruit?, watermelon... probably a bunch more I can't remember.
Dark chocolate, all iterations of coffee, Thai coconut, and cinnamon especially stand out.
The best I ever had, though, was watermelon. It tasted like a real watermelon, not like candy flavored watermelon. It was perfect in every way. That was years ago and I haven't seen it since.
My biggest complaint is that you can never trust the website's flavors to be accurate. I always check the on line menu before heading over and usually some flavors match up, but inevitably they don't actually have the one I really wanted.I came here in the late evening one night with a friend. The place was fairly busy, but I was happy to see that the people working were still cheery. I was first tempted to come here because I saw the rave reviews and this store being mentioned on yahoo, and it really does deliver. I had the pistachio, the thai coconut, and the cinnamon. All were amazing. I wish I could've tried every flavor there, but college boys need to save their money, especially since this place is kind of pricy. Definitely wish there was a store in New Jersey so I could calm my gelato cravings.I work in University City and often walk by Capo with the passing thought, "I should go in there." I finally did and I keep coming back. Their coffee is always super fresh and piping hot (I hate lukewarm coffee); the baristas there are always friendly, patient, and fair. While in line I saw another customer receive a soy latte rather than a skim milk latte (hey, it happens) and, rather than give the customer a sneer, he promptly remade the drink and gave her an extra shot of espresso, no charge. Also: killer bagels and filling oatmeal - great topping options. Love you guys!Hm, so I really think Capogiro is overrated. Apparently, Nat Geo rated them "Best Ice Cream in the World", which is quite a stretch. They do claim that it's gelato, but it is more like ice cream - it's just not creamy enough for me to call it gelato. 
The ice cream itself is decent, though I do think that some of the flavors could be richer and stronger - some of them are just kind of 'meh'. I used to love that they had a full bar so you could get boozy hot chocolate and stuff, but they no longer serve alcohol, so that's a real bummer. 
Also, it's overpriced. I don't think I should be paying over $5 for the smallest portion they have. 
It IS a nice place to grab coffee and work, since they have WiFi and a lot of seating.Have been here several times, thought of writing a quick review. This is one of my favorite places in the city to eat gelato and have never been disappointed. The staff allow you to taste as many samples as you want and fill your cups generously! Thanks guys, keep up the good work.Best gelato I've ever had--and I'm not usually huge ice cream fan! I had the pistachio gelato, which was so well balanced but still felt light. Props to the guy behind the counter, who was incredibly friendly. My friend and I both only wanted one scoop but the smallest size is two scoops--so the guy gave us each one scoop in separate cups and charged us for just one two-scoop cup. I wish more places were willing to do that! (And he definitely gave us each a bit more than one scoop!) Wish I'd gotten his name. 
Great selection of flavors--I'll be back to try more! Definitely on the expensive side for gelato, but so good.I really, really like gelato. However, I rarely eat it because it takes effort to go to get it etc. Thankfully for those times I feel like I can handle all the effort, Capogiro has multiple locations.
Last week was one of those times, and I enjoyed my 3 flavors (Thai Coconut, Grapefruit Campri & Mango Champagne). The staff is always friendly and great with samples, making the decision of which flavors to get hard.Food: 4.5
Decor: 3.5
Ambiance: 3
Service: 3
Value: 2.5
Listed as the best ice cream experience in the world by National Geographic? Very good, but that seems like it is probably a stretch. Have enjoyed on many occasions after a night in the city. Their double chocolate gelato is incredibly decadent.Given that Capogiro has a sign "#1 ice cream in the world by National Geographic" in the window, I had very high expectations. After sampling a few gelato flavors, I went with the hazelnut flavor. 
The pricey gelato was definitely good, but for some reason, I didn't find it to be anything special. It was a little too light and a little too creamy -- the flavor wasn't as rich as the gelato I've had at numerous places in NYC. Perhaps this is what "authentic" gelato tastes like, but I wasn't particularly impressed. Also, I felt really awkward as I placed my order -- I sampled only two flavors, yet the man scooping my gelato looked incredibly grumpy.
The reason I'm giving Capogiro 3 stars is because a) it's very overpriced, b) the gelato was good but not the best I've ever had, and c) the service didn't blow me away / made me feel slightly uncomfortable.
But don't let this review keep you away from trying Capogiro at least once -- one of my friends from Italy said that this gelato was tastier than the gelato she has had in Italy. Honestly, not sure what to think about that statement. I'll let you know after I try the gelato in Italy!Oh Capogiro, how I adore your tasty gelato!  You have a plethora of flavors, wonderful staff, and are super close to my office.  You can taste a number of different flavors before committing to two (the small size allows you to try two different flavors).  I'm partial to coconut and lemon.... great combination!  I heart you Capogiro, really and truly.The gelato is amazing. Better than any I tried in Italy (and more expensive too.) I love trying all the different flavors with their colorful spoons. Sometimes, if I'm with friends, I'll just have a sample without ordering--it's just that good. 
My absolute favorite flavor is chocolate banana. Other good ones are dark chocolate, chocolate chip, and hazelnut. They often have seasonal flavors. For example, during Philly beer week, they had gelato prepared with beer. My only complaint would be that the flavors are on a rotation, so  I never know if they will have my favorite flavors. If that's the worst, though, then this place is pretty great.
 I mostly go for the gelato but  they also have pretty good tea and coffee.Memories of my college days always bring me back here for a delicious gelato treat. There is definitely a yummie variety of choices  and the decor is also nice- not your atypical college hole in the wall style. I recommend hazelnut and stracciatella gelato  or do an affogato-Yum!!!New yes, the best, not really. The price = Outrageous.
They try to be fancy with all of the kitschy Italian for their overpriced gelato.
The banana had a chemical off taste, like liquor was added. The hazelnut "biaco" had large ice chunks in it.
I guess when daddy is throwing money at you to keep you in school; it is the place to go.
Had better in Europe for  1/2 the price and the views were definitely better.This place has the most incredible gelato you will ever eat in your entire life. It's comparable to the gelato from Italy, and if I do say so myself, it even surpasses some of the gelato places in Italy. 
Flavors are interesting, rich, and bold. It is pretty apparent that real, fresh ingredients are used. It basically tastes like that ingredient was magically transformed into gelato form. You'll never taste anything that tastes artificial. My favorite flavors include the Cioccolato Scuro (a very rich dark chocolate--almost tastes like a brownie in gelato form), Basil Pineapple, Grapefruit, Pear, and Nutella. The flavors vary daily and seasonally, so you can always try something new. Ask the server at the counter to give you a sample of whichever flavors you are interested to try before you make your final decision. I personally like to mix a fruit flavor with the Cioccolato Scuro. Yes, the gelato comes with a high price tag, but it is totally worth it.
Aside from the gelato, Capogiro also makes fabulous drinks like mulled wine and spiked hot chocolate during the winter. For the spiked hot chocolate, you have the option to choose from a variety of liquors--anything from Kahlua to Bailey's to Frangelico and more. If you're not in the mood for something alcoholic, they also make a delicious regular hot chocolate. Don't be scared by the price. The hot chocolate comes with the works--almost three cups worth of hot chocolate (some in your mug and some in a cute little pitcher) along with fresh whipped cream in a separate dish. 
Seriously, this is one of the places I miss most now that I've moved away from Philly. I have yet to find a place that can match up to the quality of Capogiro. Everyone needs to go here at least once.OMG AMAZING. There's a reason why this place is ranked #1 for gelato by National Geographic. Very appealing for both vegans and non-vegans alike since their sorbet flavors are so delicious as well. All the other food served there is yummy as well - grilled cheese, hot chocolate, crepes (only on Sundays). You definitely must come here if you're ever in Philadelphia.I'm Italian and this ice cream is really bad, without taste and very expansive! Excuse me for my english not good but the ice cream is not Italian.I absolutely love this place. The staff are always friendly, and the options of what you can come in for are endless...Grilled cheese, soup, sandwiches, coffee, gelato...all of which are delicious. Certain menu items can be a bit pricey, such as the gelato, especially because of the portion size, but it's definitely worth it if you're looking to treat yourself.Great place to have a real amazing gelato ... Customer service on other hand ... Sucks . I never once seen them smile at a customer . That's the only reason this place gets 4 stars from me .There probably isn't much to be said that hasn't already been said. Capogiro iis delicious and amazing. Yum.
To tell a longer story, let me say that I lived in Argentina for about half a year, and it is the land of amazing ice cream (sidenote: the Spanish word for ice cream is "helado" which seems closer to "gelato" than "ice cream" phonetically. Not sure where you would categorize what they call "helado" on the gelato to ice cream spectrum flavor-wise - it's not quite either. Also, probably the reason it's so good is because of all the Italian immigrants. Basically, what they have there is somewhere between gelato and ice cream, much like at Capogiro...) To the point: Argentine ice cream is the gold standard for me, I have been searching for years for an American equivalent. I have found it at Capogiro!
Capogiro, first of all, offers you two or more flavors in the same cup. Once you have tried it, you realize OBVIOUSLY more than one flavor together is far superior to just one flavor. Capogiro is the only place I've found here that does it without you asking specially for it!
Also, the range of flavors and amazing, delicious texture cannot be beat. Recently I've had there a dark chocolate flavor, burnt sugar, sweet cream, pistachio, coconut [not all at the same time. Over several months.] They let you sample lots of flavors before making up your mind. I just love this ice cream / gelato. If you say it's not really gelato, I just say it's DELICIOUS.I like!
My friend and I shared the pistachio and coconut. I don't even like coconut, but it was soooo creamy and sweet and tasted like cream! (with a tiny hint of coconut) The pistachio is also very gooood. Very nutty and rich in flavor.
I also got the iced cappuccino. Not bad! It's kind of milky with a weak espresso flavor, but overall not bad!YAY! I can get drunk and have gelatos all at the same time. Tucked away on Penn's campus. It's a bustling venue full of laptops and inner city griots. It's a step away from the street noise. Yet, the music will keep the beat of city life close at hand. They say they have a "full" bar. They do not. They have more than enough spirit selections to whet any appetite though. They also serve the standard coffee's, tea's, confections, juices, pastries and small sandwiches.The best gelato I've had in my entire life.  The chocolate & nutty flavors are great, but the fruity ones are to die for.  They'll let you stand there for 20 minutes and taste everything in the counter if you really want - take advantage of this and try a few before making your choices.
Also, fantastic espresso drinks for reasonable prices.They have several shops in Philly and the quality is the same in the two I used to go to.
Capogiro ice creams are like... the best ice creams I ever had in my life (and I had many). They are one of the thing I miss the most since I left Philly. 
Tastes are amazing, service is friendly and quick. Some flavors are changing everyday so you never get bored and taste a new flavor like everyday!Kiwi is their best one. The place is cool but a bit expensive!Easy and obvious 5 stars. Flavors are complex and delicious. Unlimited samples. Prices are fairly reasonable given the exceptional quality of the product. Staff is consistently friendly and pleasant. Premises are clean and attractive with huge windows. Apple mascarpone gelato is the stuff my dreams are made of.  Enough said. Case closed. Go hear as much as possible and your life will be better.One of my favorite spots on campus. 
Ambiance: Very cute and simplistic. Hard to find seating because it gets so packed and there aren't too many tables. No outlets, and WiFi just doesn't work for me (I know others who have had issues connecting to the WiFi as well). Can sometimes be freezing in the cafe too.
Gelato: Delicious flavors that change daily. Some of my favorites include: dark chocolate, pistachio, madagascar bourbon vanilla, and bacio (think nutella!). Have never really tried the fruity flavors, so can't comment on those. Check the website ahead of time to see what the flavors are for that day!
Pastries: I've tried the almond croissant, cinnamon roll, and pistachio/nutella roll. All were amazing. The almond croissant is one of my personal favorites-- definitely ask for it to be warmed/toasted! 
Cookies: The cookies are massive and super tasty. Would recommend.
Brownies: The chocolate/peanut butter brownie is super rich and dense. For the decadent dessert lovers, this one's for you!
Sandwiches: I've tried the vegetable toast. In my opinion, it was tasty but nothing to rave about. It is also extremely pricey for the size. I definitely finished mine in like 3 bites.
Drinks: I've had the coffee and teas, and really everything is super tasty. 
In general, prices are HIGH. Small gelato cups are around 5 dollars, sandwiches are around 8-10 dollars, pastries are around 3-5 dollars. That being said, quality is generally higher than what you would find at other on campus cafes. If you are okay with spending a little more money for the added layer of quality, then go for it!Give me a sample - or 3 - and you've got me hooked. I will keep coming back to this Capogiro, since everyone who has waited on us has been so friendly and kind. And of course, I can get all of the samples I want before deciding on the flavors of the day.
I hesitate to recommend specific flavors since I think they must rotate with the months or seasons. But last time I came in, I tried the blueberries and cream with a scoop of the lemon ginger. I was in heaven. Neither of those would be my typical flavors, but due to the ample sample opportunities (yes I rhymed!) I was able to branch out and try new things. Be daring, and be bold. There's lots to try and you might find a new favorite!
Also, at the counter, they have little local made caramels that were to die for. Not sure where they're from, but they're worth the pocket change to pick one up - just in case your gelato wasn't sweet enough!Love love love Capogiro! I would highly recommend any of the following flavors:
Champagne Mango - made with ataulfo mangoes
Bacio - tastes exactly like a Ferrero Rocher!
Avocado - oh so creamy, yet fruity in flavor
Pistacchio Siciliano - rich and nutty; a must-taste for pistachio loversOh wowza wowza wowza ... shazam!
The plan was to go to Capogiro Gelato somewhere in downtown Philly after lunch last Saturday, but we were seriously delayed and I was seriously disappointed.
But then, after dinner by UPenn, my friends were leaving and I was waiting to be picked up.  And out of the blue, right below my restaurant for dinner, was Capogiro Gelato!  And even though we were full, one of my friends and I decided to step in.
And it was like stepping into dessert paradise.
There are tons of different flavours, all with an artisanal vibe to them -- maybe it's the Italian names they give them, maybe it's the font they use on the tags with just the right amount of cursiveness.  W/e.  All you need to know is that THEY ARE DELICIOUS.
It's like melt-in-your-mouth gelato.  It's to die for.
I'm not a big fan of fruity flavours, so I ordered the Turkish coffee, sea salt, and pistachio flavours.  I think they change daily ...  Sea salt was surprisingly good -- the salt wasn't overpowering whatsoever.  I also sampled the Thai Coconut Milk, which was like sea salt but too sweet, and the chocolate and banana, which was a little 'off.'  But with so many flavours, how could you go wrong?
My only complaint -- what prevents it from being a 5-star cafe -- is that it melts fairly quickly.  I guess good gelato does that, so maybe you should order a small instead of a medium =]
One other thing -- it gets REALLY BUSY at night, so be prepared to take it and leave or to wait a while for a seat!
Wowza I would go back to Philly for this place again ...