I had a good visit.  Great spring day and the front was competely opened.  Stopped by for an afternoon snack.  Sat at the bar and ordered a Stella and the Salmon Terrines.  Pleasant staff and cool atmosphere.  The presentation was excellent served over a cucumber salad.  Terrines had a nice tecture and the salmon was fresh.
Would definately stop by on my next visit to Philly.While the french windows and tiny tables give the ambiance of being in Paris (?), the service was super slow and I was starving by the time my food arrived. How long does it take to make french fries and scoop soup du jour into a bowl? The food is good but I do think it's over priced. The waiters were nice but super slow.I feel like I need to leave a review  because I have been disappointed to see Caribou cafe losing stars... I have eaten here many times and it's always good. The experience I am giving 5 stars for was dinner last week. I brought a group of 7 for dinner and everything was spot on: the service was outstanding, the food was excellent (despite what another yelper said about the french onion soup, in my opinion it is always delicious). Our food was wonderful and everyone got their dishes at the same time. And everything was hot and fresh. In addition to the good service and good food, we all had wine and cocktails and an appetizer charcuterie plate and the whole bill was less than $300. That is quite a deal for a delicious meal in a cute bistro in center city for a somewhat large party. Good job caribou cafe!This cafe has the best al freso dinning in Philly!  The food is delicious and the servers are friendly.  Paris is my favorite city and I feel like I am there.  They have great happy hour specials as well!Caribou Cafe is one of my regular haunts during the spring and summer months.  I almost hate to write about it for fear the the porch would get more crowded than it already does on Friday nights.  It's got a nice open atmosphere, (mostly) friendly wait staff, good French food, live entertainment on weekends and a descent wine list.  Oh, and me on a fair number of Friday nights.
They have a descent beer list - to include one of my favorite summer bottled swills... Lancaster Strawberry Wheat.  But normally I set up with the wine and Pellegrino.  I don't see it on their menu - but there is a halfway descent Malbec there - and I favor their house Pino.  
The wait staff will say their Skate Wing is their signature dish - but to be honest I'm not a fan.  Skate should be light - and theirs is smothered in an over-heavy sauce.  I also hate their bread.  Other than that, though, it is hard to go wrong.  
If you sit down at a table ask for the bar menu in addition to the lunch or dinner menu or you'll miss out on half teh selections - including the Fromages du Jour (which I assume means cheeses on a plate) and the glory of honey soaked nuts and cheese.
They have a good burger... and the Croque-Monsieur makes for a slammin' lunch.  But I think the star on the menu is usually in the specials - which right now includes a salmon dish that made heads turn as people walked past.What a find!  And right next to the Forrest Theater.  We were lured in by the Chimay sign, but we stayed because of the Lillet.  If neither of those are familiar to you, do a little homework or just pop in and sample.  
We had several cocktails and a platter of meats and cheeses, all delicious.  If I go back, though, I will order a Vesper.  SO nice to be in a bar that can actually make legit cocktails.  Just writing thus review is making my mouth water!3 for food; 4 for wine.  Go here to have a lovely, cozy drink with a friend, not to eat your favorite meal.  The food lacks presentation, and you can simply just do better elsewhere.  The atmosphere, however, is perfect to unwind with a friend after a long work day, or head to to warm up on a cold day.Been here twice.  Good French bistro (Did you know bistro means "fast" in Russian` from when Prussians were in France?) fare if a bit on the buttery side.We had a wonderful waitress, Katie.  It was her first day at Caribou Cafe, but she was a seasoned and excellent waitress (she checked on us regularly to see how we were doing).  There were two of us in our party.  I ordered off of the fixed price menu, and I was not disappointed.  For $28 I received the endive and arugula salad (the portion was huge), the mussels in curry (OMG -- excellent and a large serving) that was also served with french fries, and the dessert of the day, which turned out to be expresso creme brule.  I expected the dessert to be warm, but when it was served to me cold I was not disappointed.  My  husband ordered 2 of the specials of the day: (1) the endive and arugula salad with salmon and a special lemon dressing  and (2) the 10 ounce sirloin (MR) with crab.   The steak was full of gristle, and when the waitress asked us how our meal was he commented on the gristle and toughness of the steak.  She replied that she would share this comment with the chef and management.  She returned a few minutes later to say that  the staff wanted to provide him with a complimentary dessert for his troubles/disappointment.  He ordered the chocolate mousse, and he was not disappointed.  We also ordered a bottle of Malbec Reserve, and it is a wine we will order again. We look forward to our next visit.Loved the food! Tried escargot and frog legs for the first time! I will be back next time I'm in town! Yummy! We sat upstairs, great privacy and service.Went here for brunch today. We had five people and no one was impressed with the food or service. The pomme frites were clearly frozen fries, the omelets were thick, tough, and over-cooked rather than light French omelets, the bread was stale, and the mussels were in an over-salted and greasy sauce. Essentially we all ordered basic French food and it was all poorly cooked and slowly served.Delicious food (not that much vegetarian friendly but what they had was very well-made), friendly service, and easy to sit down on a Friday night without reservations. The decor and music were transporting - didn't feel like any other place on busy Walnut Street.I had the worst restaurant experience in this cafe. Service is bad and manager is very unprofessional. Not kid friendly at all. Bad attitude from our server and manager did not care. Be prepared for bad service if you dine in this restaurant.Had some lunch here when my family was in town last weekend. The selection was kind of small for my liking. But we all managed to find something we liked. The portions of the Eggs Benedict seemed small to me. I ordered a 9 oz. burger with caramelized onions, mushrooms, bacon and a tomato remoulade. I wasn't a big fan of the remoulade, I scrapped most of it off. The burger was definitely over cooked, I asked for medium and it was well done. Keep that in mind when ordering. All over we had a decent experience.2.5 stars. Food was mediocre and overpriced for what you got. Order was lost and took more than an hour to get food.  Manager and server were apologetic, and gave us free apps.  Too little, too late.We went for a nice dinner before a show.  The staff was friendly but the service was slow. Our water glasses were never refilled .  Our food was nothing special. every thing was bland . My rare steak was well done. Other tables were complaining  about not getting their food at all. I won't go againawful :/, Every two months or so I make a trip down to Philadelphia from Jersey City because I love the restaurants and think Philly is such a foodie-centric city.Caribou was one of my favorites from years ago but I admittedly stayed away for the past few years because of a bad meal.   After watching an episode of Chopped where the chef  Oliver won I decided maybe it was time to give this place another shot, after all the atmosphere is as close to sitting in a restaurant in Paris your going t get in Philly. To start we were pleasantly greeted by a very friendly wait staff.  We were promptly sat and presented with the wine menu.  For this meal we ordered a bottle of chardonnay. Although our waiter was very friendly and attentive his one mistake which is a pet Peeve of mine is he put the cork back in the bottle after opening it.  Simple enough mistake to overlook though.  For our meal we decided to keep it light and ordered two french onion soups for an appetizer, The cheese was perfectly crisped however the broth had no taste and was seasoned so bland I actually had to add salt to a French Onions Soup!  For our entree's we ordered Steak Tar tar and the Duck Comfit salad.  The steak tar tar was the absolute worst I've ever had, the consistency was slimy, it was under seasoned, and the quality of the meat seemed to be equal to 80 percent ground chuck.  I rarely ever say this but the meal was inedible. The Duck Comfit was confusing, the duck it self was overly salted (maybe that's where the salt from the French Onion Soup went.) however the greens were dressed nicely and the vinaigrette was pleasant. Still hungry and unfulfilled from our meal so far we decided to be adventurous and order dessert, We both ordered ALA MODE, the apple Tart Tatin which was dry and boring and the Crêpe Bretonne with salted caramel which was actually very good, the caramel sauce was velvety and tasty.   To conclude the wait staff was great, friendly and attentive, the atmosphere was everything you would want for a cute french bistro, that jazz band was on point, but for a 200 meal in Philly this place gets a  thumbs down for the food.I really enjoyed brunch here. Let me start off my saying that I reserved seating for a party of 13 on a Saturday which isn't always easy. On top of that we had to push the reservation back by an hour at the last minute. I was panicking on my way there because I thought for sure I was going to get the stink eye, being the group that pushed a large party back by an hour but that was not the case. The staff were so very friendly and accommodating. They had the table ready for us and didn't rush us to get seated once everyone arrived. The drinks were flowing and even the GM helped take orders and bring out food. Speaking of food-- everything was incredible. I tried the seafood crepe, steak benedict( cooked perfectly), and also sampled the quiche of the day. DELICIOUS! I will most certainly go back again. The French bistro décor is really cute and made for a really nice birthday brunch. There is an upstairs area for larger parities so it's really spacious and you aren't sitting on top of one another like in some city restaurants. Great for larger parties.I came here with a friend for lunch during restaurant week. $20 for a 3 course lunch? Yes, please. The first course was chilled onion soup. It was excellent, but I didn't realize that it was chilled so that was surprising on a very chilly fall day. I had the seafood crepe, my friend had the pork shoulder, and we split both. EXCELLENT. Super super yummy for both. The portions were perfect for lunch and the service was pretty quick. Dessert was a caramel apple tart. If I could live off of that tart and not lose all my teeth from sugar and gain 400 lbs and get diabetes and heart disease, I totally would. It was AMAZING. 
I don't know if I would come back when it wasn't restaurant week because the menu was a little pricy. Also, the service was overall good except for one waiter who was kind of snooty. But both my friend and I agreed that lunch was fantastic and we had a wonderful time.Read great reviews about the onion soup so I tried it. I  was disappointed. I've had better french onion at chain restaurants. Atmosphere was nice but I wasn't impressed with the menu..or the service.I typically don't view French food in a positive light, as my family is an "olive oil all the way" crowd, but after seeing the chef/owner of this restaurant, Olivier Desaintmartin, win on Chopped, I had to try this place. .
...And I am sure glad that I did! I've walked by here many times, but could never decide if I actually wanted to try it. They have an adorable Euro-style cafe that is open and welcomingly, along with a quaint outdoor seating section. 
I looked up the menu before I went for lunch one afternoon during work, and knew  exactly what I wanted to order: The Croque Madame, baby. If you aren't familiar, a croque madame is a Parisian grilled ham and cheese with an over-easy egg on top. It was positively delightful. Ever bite until the last was delicious. It came paired with a refreshing spring salad dressed with vinegarette on the side. 
Magnifique !
I recommend it and will certainly return to sample other dishes.So Sampan was packed with a wait and Graffiti Bar was closed for a private event. Searching for a restaurant, we passed on Supper Club and ended up with Caribou Cafe. The menu looked fairly simple and they had cheap sandwich options so we decided to give it a go. It was a Thursday night so it wasn't very busy and we were seated right away. The bar area was right behind us and was pretty busy so my chair got kicked a few times by people walking by trying to go around them. There were plenty of variety in seating options. Booths, outdoor tables, upstairs dining, small tables in the middle, and bench. 
All our food was delivered in a good amount of time, from the waters to our entrees. If you are a Foursquare user, they have a special for a free Kronenbourg in a nice tall glass. Who doesn't love free beer? We got our complimentary water and bread and then ordered appetizers, he got what appeared to be an escargot slider and I had the French onion soup. For the main entree, we decided to save and just get black angus burgers. It wasn't my first choice but I didn't regret it because the fries were perfectly crisp and tasty and the burger was perfectly medium rare. It was all very filling and we had no room for dessert but we ended up going to Insomnia cookies. Although if I did order dessert, it would have been profiteroles and the bread pudding.
The service was very quick and they weren't overbearing. Really enjoyed this place. If we weren't budgeting our dinner, I would have gone with one of their prix fixe deals, one was $28 and the other $38 a person. They also look like they have really good happy hour specials. I also enjoyed the music where I recognized a French version of Beyond the Sea and the Belleville Rendezvous.I always used to meet the nicest random people here, and it was a good place for an out of towner on business to hang out, swill coffee, and see something other than people in ties or the inside of a hotel room.  Very pleasant place with good coffee and decent food if you're peckish.  Center City is of course a hanger-outer's paradise itself.We had 7:00 dinner reservations on a Saturday. We were seated quickly and brought menus. 
The restaurant was busy and we received sub par service. We ordered with the waiter and never saw him again until it was time to order dessert. Each course was brought out by a different server and no one checked in on us. Our water glasses sat empty and we never received bread. 
Our food was good but I've had much better at similar price points. 
This was our first time at Caribou Cafe and I'm not tempted to return.Ate here for lunch yesterday. This place was exactly what I was looking for while strolling around center city aimlessly. It was a nice quiet restaurant where I could read my book and have a few beers in peace. 
The Gnocchi dish I had was quite excellent. It was 2 gigantic gnocchi's with beef in the middle. The salad that accompanied my dish was light and fresh! 
It was a great meal to start off my day. 
I will be back for sure.So after seeing Sharon Jones and The Dap Kings the wife and I decided to find a spot to grab something to eat. As it was a Saturday night around 8pm we figured that it would be tough to find somewhere but then we stumbled upon Caribou. It looked crowded but we were seated upstairs immediately.
For those of you who have read some of my reviews I am a stickler when it comes to being greeteed at my table in a certain amount of time. Well this is where Caribou failed. We were sitting for about five minutes before the waitress came over, though she passed us maybe four times with acknowledgment. With the extra time that we had to look at the menu we had already decided on what we wanted to eat, so we were ready when the waitress came over. 
She approached the table and greeted us then asked for our beverage order. We gave it to her and we were about to give her our food order when she abruptly disappeared. When she came back with our drinks she read off the specials and then without asking us if we were ready to order disappeared again for maybe five minutes. She came back and we finally gave her our order,Salad de chevre chaud and Cassoulet for my wife and soup a l'oignon and Choucroute for myself.
When the apps arrived we dove right in, as we were starving. The soup was good but it lacked flavor. I enjoyed all the cheese but it degraded the broth to the point that it tasted like a cheese soup with some onions. My wife's app though was great. goat cheese, potatoes, and figs, can't go wrong. When we were almost finished with our apps we asked the waitress for more bread so that we could sop up the remaining soup and juices. She said no problem and went off to get some more bread, or so we thought. It wasn't until minutes later that she was delivering a drink to the table behind us that I finally got her attention and requested bread again. This time she got it right away.
Our entrees came out and looked and smelled wonderful. For both of us the first couple of bites were great. I liked the sausages on my plate and also the pork shank, and my wife was enjoying her Cassoulet. For me after those initial bites i began to realize that there was a lack of flavor in the sauerkraut  and my wife commented that the cassoulet was a bit to runny for her liking. Another than that the food was great.
When it came time for dessert I order the crepe with a sea salt caramel sauce, and my wife ordered the creme brulee. Ym crepe was fantastic. The salty and sweetness of the sauce was an excellent companion to the crepe, however my wife's creme brulee was a different story. 
My wife is a pastry chef and I would imagine knows a thing or to about dessert. When she took her spoon and went to crack the sugar on top of the brulee it folded inwards. When she finally broke through the inside was not set and was still runny. Though with all that I just described it was still good.
All in all we will be back. It was a nice spot and had a nice atmosphere. Nothing really wowed me and nothing happened that made me not want to go back.More than the food, the environment is why i give a high rating.  It's a nice spot.  Can't say it's the greatest thing you'll ever eat, but the service is nice, and a great place to take for a date.  Check this place out.Recently went to Caribou Cafe for the first time. I had heard a lot of good things about the place for a while, most of which were good. I don't know though. While the french onion soup was good, my salad left a lot to be desired. And the salmon was nothing memorable. Overall I thought the food was mediocre. Service was nice. And while outdoor dining is pleasant, I face nothing but a busy intersection in Center City. Take it of leave it.Great steak frites and moules frites.  Good service, pleasant and fast.  An out of place oddity is the big screen tv over the bar:  a non-non in a French bistro.I got the Choucroute for which the description was 'pork sausage and pork over sauerkraut'. What it turned out to be was 2 hot dogs -  part pork and part beef. Needless to say it was terrible, and at 19$ quite overpriced. Maybe it was my bad luck to choose the worst thing on the menu, but when my wife got the crepe caramel which they also abundantly covered with powder sugar, I realized that it was not over yet -- it was beyond sweet, almost like a sugar perfusion. 
Service was OK, although they didn't make much effort. 
Otherwise the place looked good, nice setting, good ambiance. Food is crap and way overpriced.I have had lunch many many times at Caribou Cafe and it was always wonderful. I love the ambiance and no loud music. Today the food was bland and disappointing. A friend and I wanted French cuisine and we were choosing between Parc and Caribou. The food is much much better at Parc but the noise level is so loud at Parc that we can't have a conversation there. At Caribou there was good jazz background music and it was relaxing and enjoyable. I wish Caribiou would improve the food.I had been  coming to this restaurant for years because the food is good and the space is very pleasant.  They have a small waitstaff, and one of the senior waiters who waited on the booth area was so consistently unpleasant that I stopped going there.  He always extremely put-upon by the customers, and very impatient.  I went back today at the suggestion of the person I was lunching with, and fortunately this waiter was not there.  So, I may start to make this one of my regular lunch spots again.  Apart from this service issue,the place is generally above average in terms of price and quality.We were disappointed with this place.  The escargot was ok, our meals were just meh. Seating upstairs was kind of cool and the cocktails were decent.  The interior was really nice, but deceiving of the food quality.Great place. I had the  Arugula Endive Salad, Steak tartare and Chocolate mousse and they were all excellent. Service was very good. Place is a little pricey but worth it. Would definitely visit again.I absolutely love this restaurant.  I forget about it sometimes, and then when I go back, I fall in love again.  the food is truly authentic french bistro fare, each dish simple, yet with exquisite flavors.  try to sit downstairs or outside.  i feel like I'm in sibera upstairs.3 years ago I wrote a review for Caribou with a 5-star rating and I genuinely meant it. And now, regrettably, I have to downgrade it to a 1-star rating. What a difference 3 years makes! The atmosphere feels dead and heavy - almost as if the place knows it's on its last legs. The bread for the table was stale, as was the brioche bun for my burger - and the burger itself was gristly and just didn't taste right. The other couple of dishes were so-so, and one was burnt. I used to love Caribou but this version of the restaurant doesn't deserve to stay in business.Downgraded to 2 stars. Went to theater the other nite. Reservations for 5 so they knew we were coming. There was a ceiling fan going, on high, which we had to ask them to turn down. WTF? Food was not hot when served but rather tepid. Fries looked good, served in an attractive round silver container. Not hot, though! If you have special requests like, not a lotta sauce or something on the side...........
Fogettaboutit!!!!!!!! But the bill was tallied correctly and rather high.I have to agree with some of the other reviewers with regard to slow service and underwhelming food.  The menu was more limited than I had hoped it would be.  I'm not a beer drinker but I was told by my dining companion that the beer selection was excellent. 
Just like another poster- we were left standing in the doorway for an awkward few minutes without so much as eye contact from anyone. Once we were seated our order was taken fairly quickly but that was where expedience ended.  In terms of the food, I would've had a better omelette at any diner and I think I could have made a better croque-monsieur in my sandwich press.Pros: The food was great. I could've eaten just the fabulous bread with delicious, salty butter all night long. The entrees were delicious, the cocktails competently mixed.
Cons: The service suuuuuuuuucked. It literally took as long to pay the bill as it did to eat dinner. The waiter was clearly super confused by check-splitting, the cash terminal, tax, gratuity, everything. If you're going to eat here, bring cash and patience.So my friend and I couldn't get into Zavino, so we decided to take a stroll in the neighborhood and we ended up at Caribou Cafe.  It has great French bistro-esque ambiance and had a nice crowd (but not TOO crowded) for a Wednesday night.  Bar area looks cool, and there is also an upstairs and downstairs table seating.  We arrived after CC Sips, and got a prime table right in the window (but in the A/C for this hot night...perfecto).
So the menu is more than what you would expect - not just steak frites and french onion soup (though I saw plenty of those old faithfuls).  I wasn't particularly hungry for dinner, but I saw many appetizer salads - a wide array of artful collections of ingredients and a variety to choose from.  I ended up with a arugula, fennel, pears (crisp, delish) and a HUNK of roquefort on a bed of prociutto.  Um...perfection.  It's hard for me to get excited about salads, but this one was great and nice n' light for a summer evening.  The lemon vinagrette was great, and in just the right amount, too.  My friend went with a smoked salmon salad with goat cheese that looked awesome.  For appetizer-sized salads, there was plenty for a lighter dinner.  
I don't usually order dessert, but I could tell that this place had a solid selection.  We ordered the mousse and creme brulee to share.  Both were great rich and awesome.  All desserts are homemade on the premises except for ice cream.  Score!  
Nice wine and beer list to choose from - lots of foreign beers and french wines.  I had a rose de provence - perfect for a hot night.  
Most of all - the wait staff let us sit and catch up - did not try to turn the table over.  Love that.  Caribou is officially IN my rotation!Decent food, horrible service, high prices.  
Eggs benedict with salmon cake was just ok.  The salmon cake was very dry and boring.  The english muffins were bordering on burnt.  The single poached egg was great, but what's the deal with serving one poached egg?  They were also very skimpy with the Hollandaise, which was really runny and bland anyway.  The side salad was just plain lettuce, either incredibly lightly dressed, or no dressing at all.  The potatoes tasted like they were a week old.  The entire dish was served cold.  
The service was exceptionally bad.  After our plates were cleared, it took literally half an hour to get our check.  The waitress rudely tossed it on the table and mumbled that the tip had been added as she was walking away.  When I asked her if she could bring me change for a hundred, you'd have thought I asked her to fly to the moon.  I thanked her profusely when she brought me the change, but she didn't even crack a smile, much less say "you're welcome."  
The food was pretty spendy  for what it was...$13 for eggs benedict, but up most of the other brunch entrees were $20 or more.  Yikes.  
Not worth it.Creme brûlée is out of this world! The torching is so easy to mess up but the one here has a perfectly thin, hard crust with a soft rest of the dessert. It also didn't taste like pudding/custard (which is good!) Great service too and my friends loved their actual food. I had dental surgery that day and the waitstaff recommended the creme brûlée which I'm glad I had- will have to try the other dishes at this cute French place!Came here on a date and it was more or less suitable for those circumstances. On a thursday at around nine it was almost empty. We got a bottle of wine - the cheapest one on the menu was 37$, which is too much in my book. The service was good, but like i said, it was empty. 
I got the sausage plate - a knockwurst and a french one I can't remember that was a slow-burn spicy. They came with fries and a salad. The fries could have been crispier but all in all were pretty good. 
I would say it was pretty solid (not outstanding, but passable), and more expensive than it should have been really. If I'm wandering that area again perhaps I'll stop in. I don't know that I'd seek it out.I adore Caribou Cafe. 
On my many visits here, I have been nothing but delighted by the atmosphere, the food, the friendly servers....etc. There's nothing better than walking in, cozying up to the bar and enjoying delicious wine and dessert while listening to enchanting music and drifting away to Paris. Or was that just me on one of my latest stops in....
My last visit was brought on by needing a perfect place to go after a 1pm show at the Academy of Music with the family.  All of us, save for my father, are flexible and will try just about anything.  But when Dad M. is in the mix, we have to be careful to pick a place that isn't too fancy or out of the realm of what he would consider "normal" so he will be happy and in turn, we will all be happy. 
So at the last minute, I thought of Caribou since I knew he could get something simple and the rest of us could get creative if we wanted to. 
All told - it was a huge success.  While he stuck to the chicken sandwich, I got the croque madame (who can turn down a fried egg?), Jennifer B. and Mom M. got seafood crepes (which received rave reviews) and B-I-L got the entree with three sausages and frites....yum!   And I can't forget the soup of the day - carrot, celery root, creme fraiche...not crazy flavorful but it hit the spot when coming in from the cold. 
Caribou is a delightful place for many occasions - drink at the bar, dinner, in between time food. I love the idea of taking family here since its nicer than a "bar" but not so daunting as a fancy restaurant.  A really nice middle ground type of a place that is bound to please everyone.....even the picky "Dad M." types.My friend and I had pre-theater reservations for dinner.  Traffic delays made our arrival a half hour late.  So we were very pressed for time.  When we arrived, the accommodations for my companion in a wheelchair were unavailable.  The hostess graciously asked recently seated guests if they would move to a table upstairs so they could honor our reservation.  They were very pleasant and moved.  In order to save time, my friend ordered the salmon appetizer and I had the salmon Caesar salad.  In spite of being incredibly busy, our waiter, Jonathan. was attentive, helpful and pleasant.  We received our order in minutes and both dishes were absolutely delectable!!  We managed to finish our meal and get to the theater on time.  What a delightful dining experience!!  After the show, we returned for dessert.  Same wonderful service and friendly, caring atmosphere.  The cappuccino cheesecake and creme brûlée were amazing.  We are frequent theater goers, so Caribou Cafe will be our dining choice from now on.def a more pricey venue than I'm used to, so I stuck to the basics.  the salad sounded a lot better than it was, and they actually forgot one of the ingredients to it.  for dessert i definitely recommend the profiterolles (sp?), it was amazing.  overall, I kinda hate to give this place three stars because I loved the atmosphere.  They have live music on the weekends, and all the waiters and busboys appear to have french accents i guess to maintain the theme of the restaurant.  also, they dealt quite well with our large group, not a long wait at all.  i'm going to havee to give this place another chance...so till next time.Perfect French Bistro, fine martinis, courteous wait staff, right next to the Forrest Theatre. Great!Only visited once, but would definitely return and try again.  We went on a weekend afternoon, and the service seemed a bit stressed with the theatre matinee crowd?  But come on, it's a restaurant on a weekend, deal with it.  The food was oh, oh so good (I recommend the tomates farcies, definitely worth the wait), and the drinks are generous.Food: Inconsistent
Drinks: Interesting cocktails, good beers
Service: Pleasant
We went for a night out with some friends and so I was able to sample everyone's dinner and drinks. The most dissapointing meal was my own. My entre was the spinach pasta with goat cheese, asparagus, and mushrooms. It was bland and there were only a teaspoon of goat cheese and no sauce or seasoning to speak of. It is the kind of pasta dish I would make at home and then think "what was I thinking, this has no flavor?!" 
The duck, pork cheeks and steak were all passable. The bread pudding was yummy. 
WARNING: The "traditional vanilla" creme brulee is lemon flavored.
Overall this place was a dissapointment. I didn't feel we had a truly excellent meal for the money.I love this place but I'm completely puzzled why it is called the Caribou Cafe.
From the name you kind of assume you're in for a casual Alaskan/Canadian influenced bar with taxidermy on display and plaid loggers filling up the bar ending everything they say with "ay".  
There is no correlation between the name and the Deco period French Bistro look and feel inside.  Every time I've been there there has been a mellow jazz band playing so the atmosphere is great for relaxing with a date.  The cocktails are equally era appropriate.
As we were paying the bill I asked the server about the name.  He told me that nobody knows since the original owner sold it but their best guess is that it was inspired by French Canada...I don't know though.
Regardless, this is a place I'd return many times.Ah. What an interesting day.
My friend and I both had the day off, and decided on Caribou for lunch. I ordered one of the lunch specials, a crepe with olives, leeks and swiss cheese. It was so yummy, and the perfect amount of food. Lady friend had the omelette, which she added goat cheese. It was huge, and delicious. We were sitting outside on a gorgeous day, and were having a couple of boozy drinks. 
When we were finished with our meal and drinks, we were trying to get the waiters attention, and noticed him on the phone. When he finally came to our table, he handed me a note instead of our check and said "don't kill the messenger". Very confused, I open the note. It reads "Look across the street, wave and smile". Oh, how I did not want to look, but did out of curiosity. Sitting at a table outside of a pub, a few men sat, smiling and waving at us. One of the men proceeded to walk across Walnut street with whiskey in hand. Oh how very awkward that conversation was. 
If the waiter had been a little more prompt with the check, this would not have happened. So the food, very good. Service, a little slow. Atmosphere, great, but I will be avoiding the bar across the street, just sayin...The omlette was great and filling, the salmon flat bread was good too. There were not too many choices that fit my style on the menu but what u ordered ended up being good. Not sure if I would come back because I feel there not much more to try.steak tartare was fantastic. my husband got the burger - it was large, juicy, and came with remoulade he was happy! the whole scene felt like we were transported away as if we were going back in time at a french cafe, the way I felt when I saw Midnight in Paris. next time will try the duck pate sliders. Just wish it was good weather more often for this!Ok here, at happy hour, they have a cocktail de jour, I ordered one, then my French friend told me, de jour means only alcohol, I didn't know, I drand a cocktail made of vedka and matinee. And added a beer, I am druck at the daytime, it never happened before! And they are laughing at me but still, drink and burger is very good here. I love it.I despise this place with a passion!!!
WORST SERVICE EVER
 A few years back I had gone here on a semi-regular basis and thought the menu was great as well as the wine....WELL, that all changed after my last visit.
First, the menu had changed and didn't have many vegetarian options, but hey, this is a french restaurant so I considered that not unusual and scanned the new menu.  The only entree that offered hope was "pasta of the day"...usually this is the lame cop-out they offer vegetarians so I decided to ask the waitress about it.  She described the pasta as having a list of multiple veggies including "bruschetta": I figured "great! nothing like diced, seasoned tomatoes to add a nice touch."  Boy, was she wrong.  What she had meant to say was "proscuitto" but had pronounced it wrong.  When my pasta came out and I took a big ole' bite, I tasted something I hadn't had in a very long time....PORK! Not happy : (   
Soooo, when the waitress returned to ask how our food was I nicely explained the dilema (without even pointing out she had totally mispronounced proscuitto, hence the issue).  She was extremely rude, asked me what else I wanted, so I had no choice but to order a tomato soup and a side of asparagus.  Both were unseasoned and bland.  
So, this is where it gets really bad....are you ready? because this moment captures the worst service I've EVER received in a restaurant:  she brings out the bill with both the sides (fine) AND the uneaten pasta.  Still making an attempt to be civil I explain that I hadn't eaten the pasta and it wasn't what was described to me so she rolls her eyes, turns her back and returns with her manager who BRINGS THE PASTA IN A TAKE-OUT BAG and says "I'm sure your boyfriend would like to eat it"  I was in complete and utter shock, this did not just happen! I was so insulted that we just paid the bill and left (with said pasta sitting on the table)....my husband is a carnivore, but had eaten fish for dinner so this was just flat-out stupid assumption and extremely insulting, what? Did you think we were trying to pull a fast one?  The pasta was totally untouched, and your server didn't know how to pronounce proscuitto and that's MY FAULT?!!  Come on, how are you a manager when you don't know how to treat your customers?  Was I supposed to raise my voice and become insulting for you to do your job right?
NEVER AGAIN will I step foot into this establishment, in fact, I get so pissed every time I think about how badly we were mistreated there it makes me totally angry all over again....hence the review written years later because I have yet to get over it!This is a review for my Sips experience there. The staff was attentive and nice, which made me want to like the place more. I came a bit earlier than my group so I was just waiting, and the staff had no problem with that. They made sure I was okay and even came to ask if my group was this other group in the restaurant in case I missed them. After my group came and we settled down, our waiter informed us about what the sips specials were. I ordered the cocktail they were offering that day. I forgot what it was..something with pineapple and vodka. First round of drinks came out, and I was slightly disappointed with my drink. It tasted like straight up pineapple juice, and there was just so much ice. I finished my drink before I even knew it (I am not an alcoholic!!). I ordered another one to give it another shot, thinking maybe they were in a hurry and made a bad drink. So my second drink comes out, and it was a bit stronger than the first drink, but still tasted very much like just pineapple juice. I left feeling disappointed with our sips destination for the week! Maybe it was just my drink. Next time, I'll try their food and other drinks.went to caribou for the first time today and it was very enjoyable, i will definitely add it into my brunch rotation. the space is open, the bar is beautiful, and they had live jazz. there was an excellent beer selection, i went with the gavroche which was delicious. the service was also great, especially in light of the fact they there were two miserable french women at the table next to me who were so obnoxious i was tempted to stab them with my fork. luckily, i was too busy enjoying the delicious quiche du jour to be bothered, but the service i received was top notch. i think a good measure of service is how well a staff deals with difficult customers and i could not help but be impressed as these ladies made me cringe...and i only had to listen to them. anyway, i think the quiche was one of the best i have had in the city and would advise anyone to check out caribou for brunch or some drinks and food from the bar menu.   i have yet to eat dinner there so i can't comment on that, but looking forward to giving that a try as well.So, my review appears to be different from most of the ones I perused, but I'm still posting this. GREAT bar for a drink! Disclaimer: I have not actually eaten the food here, but I plan to in the near future since I will definitely be going back.
I love the laid back atmopshere of this French-esque cafe. It's a great place to grab a drink with friends (or alone!) and just people watch. The decor is spot-on and gives it that authentic cafe feel. I'm not super impressed with the service, which has not been the most attentive when I have been there, but not enough to discourage another visit.The place is cozy and friendly.  If I had the time and money I'd spend hours eating, drinking, and reading here or relaxing with friends.  Not terribly expensive, but a bit too high to make me a regular.
Drinks are good, from the aperitifs to the great wine list. I enjoyed my beouf bourginon thoroughly.  I got the pate du chef and was surprised that I like it very much--I'm not a fan of pate.  I saw the spinach and goat cheese that I almost ordered and was jealous of the people who got it.  Dessert was good.  The tart tartin was delicious.  My companion raved about his escargots and his salmon dish.  Just a light sprinkling of cheese on his whipped potatoes made him swoon.
The closest thing to criticism I can muster was the speediness of the service.  I would have preferred a bit more time between our aperitifs and first course and entree.  But it was restaurant week, and the place was packed, so leisurely meals aren't as easy.Caribou Cafe is a great place to grab a drink and people watch.  The 12th and Walnut location gets a total mix of pedestrians and its never a dull moment.  They have windows that open onto the street and about 8 two tops on the sidewalk.  My husband loves it because he can get his weird French digestifs and aperitifs like Pernod and Ricard -- all things that taste like licorice to me but he loves.   
They have a ton of inexpensive wines by the glass and usually some live music on Fridays or Saturdays in the form of a standing bass and guitar or something similar.  We end up there a lot because its a great place to hang out but not really a bar 'scene'.  
They have a $29 three course prix fixe which is average.  Their desserts are top-notch, very simple but well prepared.  I definitely recommend the chocolate mousse.  On their bar menu they have a croque monsiuer served with une petit salade et frites and it is the most perfect midnight snack for like $12.  So much better than the run of the mill wings or chicken fingers.  The decor is pretty French, borderline French bistro but actually nicer and a lot more open.It wasn't bad. It just wasn't great.  The menu has some classic French dishes like Niçoise salad.  And it is charming in a rundown French cafe sort of way.  But it's all just a little off.  I had the express lunch special (side salad and hanger steak with potatoes and green beans).  The salad was a little wilted and the dressing a bit plain.  The steak was better, but hardly dazzling. Would I give Caribou another try? Yes.  But I wouldn't go out of my way to go back.My sister and I went to Caribou Cafe last night for dinner because she had received two gift certificates for free entrees there. We didn't know what to expect because of the mixed reviews we'd read, and after discussing what we would write about it on Yelp, I really hesitate to give this place more than two stars. 
Although the decor is quite nice and the wait staff seemed personable (our waitress was lovely), we were really disappointed in the quality of food and felt it was extremely overpriced for what it was. The wine list is decent, but again, too expensive for the quality. We started with the fennel, pear and almond soup which was actually quite good; unfortunately, the entrees were not. There are no vegetarian options at all (I knew this beforehand, but hey, free meal!), so I opted for the crab cakes. I really don't know how you can screw up crab cakes, but these were terrible. They were completely flavorless and I had to douse them with several lemon wedges to get any taste at all. The cakes weren't even properly breaded and were coated in this strange, thin, non-bread crust... it was odd. They were served with a very bland hollandaise sauce and some steamed spinach. I was very disappointed at the weak effort and high price ($27!) and have definitely made better ones at home for much less. Overall, a very boring dish. 
My sister ordered the special filet mignon, and was not thrilled about it. It was served with mashed potatoes and green beans. Although the steak was cooked perfectly and was very tender, she complained that the dish was very salty, and not worth the price. Again, we feel we could've had better if we'd made it at home. For dessert we split a creme brulee, which was decent, but nothing to scream about.  I really wouldn't recommend coming here unless you are heartset on overpaying for an uncreative, tasteless meal.Came here for restaurant week - escargot was delicious (although could have used a bit more texture) and trout almondine was cooked perfectly.  Tuna was also seared well in a bed of green.  Dessert was delectable.  Definitely one of the best French restaurants in Philly.  Go!This restaurant is in heart of center city with a pretty okay view from either inside or outside (open during hot months). I came here with a friend for dinner and we both got the steak frites which were amazing and cooked exactly how we each wanted.
We each also had a cocktail and this is the third one I had there and I must say they are all made perfectly with such great taste! They are pretty strong but you can taste the top shelf quality and great taste. The service was phenomenal and never did the waiter bother us or suggested things that we didn't want (this happens often in places). He came at the right time all the time!
I'm not sure about the whole, "feels like a cafe in Paris" so if that's what you're looking for maybe do Parc because it does not feel that way to me.
Great place!I'd like to preface this by saying that I'm both a culinary snob and regular at Caribou. And, I think some of the other reviewers are a bit harsh on the old Caribou. There are lots of mixed reviews of this place and I can understand why. In responding to this I want to touch on four things: The food, the prices, the atmosphere, and drinks.
The food while good, is not stellar. It's not Lebec Fin, it's not Parc, it's not even Bistro St Tropez. What you get at Caribou is simple bare bones French soup kitchen food. It's generally very subtle, made with fresh, high quality ingredients, and changes seasonally. Nothing on their menu is offensive, bold, or modern. It's perfect for a group of people with many different palates. 
The prices are to be expected for a center city restaurant on Walnut st. Sure, the food is very simple and perhaps bland to some, but you are getting very nice cuts of meat and fish. And, many of the entrees are actually a bargain. The duck or the choucroute (a selection of sausages cooked in dutch oven) for instance, are always delicious and well priced. During happy hour sliders are $3 each and wine is $4 a glass (cheap). 
The atmosphere is some of the most comfortable and soothing in center city. Perfect for having cocktails with a group of friends or an intimate night with your better half. But, there is one important thing to note about Caribou - it's right next to the Forrest Theatre. When the theatre lets out Caribou gets mobbed, and the service is sure to suck when that happens.
The drinks and cocktails are awesome. They have great beers and wines and make great St Germain cocktails (my favorite). The bar has really tasty peanuts on hand that go great with a beer or red wine. 
I think that many of the negative comments are fair. But, for all this Caribou is a great place and worth visiting again and again.This is a favorite to meet for dinner before theater. Location is great, service is very attentive and food is always good.This was my first time visiting Caribou and I thought it was a great first experience. We had brunch - and I thought the menu had lots of cute french items. Our drinks were nice and strong and my Jambon & Fromage crepe was very nicely prepared. My friend said his steak was prepared perfectly (on the rare side).
The service was great - not overbearing, but always available.
The decor was great, very cute and romantic with rich colors and interesting paintings. I would go again, and I would be curious to dine at night to see how the atmosphere changes from mid-day to night.Great find in Philly!  We were a group of 7 visiting the city and all enjoyed our food very much. The place looked good and the service was nice. Will visit again on my next visitI've been to Caribou twice now, once for drinks with colleagues after work, and once for a lunch with a meeting agenda attached to it.  I am no expert on French cuisine, but I don't think you have to be to get a feel for (or enjoy) a place like Caribou, which I feel is much more accessible than other french bistro-type restaurants.
FIRST IMPRESSIONS AND LAYOUT:
The facade of Caribou has some noticeable French style cues, and is pretty easy to locate, it's right there on Walnut and usually has people hanging outside in the warmer months.  Inside, the lighting and furnishings give a warm yellowish glow to the place (Alexandra T. says it was dingy, but that it added character-- a very accurate statement).  Tables are small and packed in, just like a traditional bistro, there is a bar downstairs, along with more open seating, and then additional seating upstairs, where it is a bit quieter and more intimate...good for dates and small get-togethers, but just OK for meetings (lighting and writing space isn't suited for it, but then again, that's not why we go to restaurants).
THE FOOD:
Is very good, it tastes authentic enough, it's presented very nicely and it comes out relatively quick.  I need to explore a bit more and expand my horizons, but I was very happy with what I got, but since I forget it's name and know 0 french, I won't even attempt to name it.  It is all a little pricey, it's not killer, but it was a couple bucks extra than what I had been expecting.  They do offer a very good variety of drinks, many of them rare, almost all of them are expensive as well.  
THE SERVICE:
I suppose it had something to do with showing up with so many people that one day after work, we had a good 15 or so people with no prior reservation, but I felt like the host was being a dick, his sarcasm and exasperation was hard not to notice...I'm not going to sit here on a high horse and say every person in the restaruant business needs to be super nice to everyone (we all know there is a vast majority of ignorant, absent-minded customers out there), but I think shitty attitudes can kill the experience, so it should be any host or waitor or bartenders top priority to keep it happy and positive.
THE VERDICT:
Excellent.  I wouldn't make this my new hangout, but at least now I know that if I'm in the area and I'm looking for a stylish french bistro, there is no guesswork to involve-- the answer is Caribou.  Definately worth checking out for lunch, dinner or drinks, I look forward to going back and exploring the menu a little more.Delicious food, especially the egg pasta special, but service was inattentive and slow enough that we won't go back.Visited here on a boring night during restaurant week mainly because they were one of few places offering a non prix fixe menu. 
We began our meal with some fantastic bread. Nothing special mind you, but still guite good. 
For our appetizer we split the mussels. Mussels are quite difficult to screw up, so every place in town generally has some pretty good mussels, but these were among the best. We ordered 2 more sides of bread to finishing mopping up the sauce. 
Our entrees were nothing special. I honestly can't even remember what we ordered. Just nothing worth noting. 
Our service was wonderful. Quick, cordial, even a bit chatty which can be fun.Dined al fresco for lunch, so lovely! The grilled salad was huge, delicious and well-dressed-- everything a good salad should be. Half a head of iceberg grilled and topped with portabella mushrooms, pears, onions and figs. Would definitely recommend as a safe bet for this restaurant which seems to have some seriously wavering reviews!I enjoyed this restaurant very much.  Service was ok.  The waiter forgot to bring my friend's food and did not split our checks as requested.  When I got my credit card bill at home I found that someone in this restaurant added some extra dollars to the tip!  This is stealing.  I contacted this owner 3 times to let them know.  Good food, nice atmosphere, leave tip on the table......Philly is a food city; it's also a drinking city (like our water supply blows over the legal limit...).  While good food and drink abounds, rarely here do you find the one ingredient that renders Caribou Café delightfully unique:  class. The staff is like family.  Young at heart, casually elegant, and all hipster-funny as hell.  The drinks - reasonably priced.  Admittedly I have yet to sample the menu as much as I have the spirits (**hiccup**), especially the champagnes.  But I will say this: the French onion soup and their fries? Rather orgasmic.  The split-level indoor seating, the outdoor patio, the easy breezy music (both indoor, awesome playlists and the incredible jazz ensembles) -all of it...dovetail to make a consistent 5 star experience.  Solaris, Suzanne, Brian, Ashley, Andy, Colleen, the entire staff.  They are like family to me.  In fact, when good news finds its way to me, I go out of my way to celebrate there.  Thanks, Caribou; this Yelp's for you all.I went to Caribou Cafe for lunch while in Philadelphia for the weekend. Nice atmosphere especially the outdoor seating with great people watching. If it weren't for that, it would have gotten only 1 star. 
Service was slow and our waitress seemed slightly bothered by our presence. The food was horrible. I ordered the quiche of the day, ham and Swiss, generally a good choice at a French bistro. Not that day at Caribou. The crust was burnt and the ham settled at the bottom. This quiche was a far cry from the quiche I had on a recent trip to Paris. 
Stop by on a nice day for a glass of wine, but go somewhere else for lunch or dinner.Went to caribou cafe for an early dinner this evening with my girlfriend. This is the third or fourth time we've eaten here, and it has always been decent, nothing mind blowing. We dined off of the bar menu as the dinner menu was not yet available.
To start, the french bistro decor is very soothing and smart. I'm a beer geek, and the couple drafts they had were eclectic and well chosen. The server had to check a few times to tell me exactly what the beers were but he was prompt about it. This was unfortunately the highlight of the experience.
We started with the french onion soup and a three cheese plate. The french onion soup was completely bland, I've had better at a diner. The soup was so thin it felt like drinking watered down stock. The cheese plate was equally boring with a slab of supermarket quality brie, morbier, and roquefort. The fig jam was smuckers quality, all sugar with none of that fig earthiness to balance it.
For main courses we had the croque monsieur and the wild boar ragout. The croque monsieur was a pathetic portion and the ham overpowered the cheese completely with a cloying sweetness. The wild boar ragout was just a textural failure. Mushy pasta paired with the already slow cooked boar and overcooked asparagus (haven't these guys ever heard of blanching?) It tasted like hamburger helper. I threw a few of my girlfriend's french fries in for a texture contrast, it helped a little.
The bill was pretty reasonable for Center City, but I still felt cheated because my meal was so terrible. Go for the bar, avoid the FOOD!I was very pleased to stumble upon this place purely by accident.  I was walking towards old city to meet up with some friends at Triumph and I had a couple hours to kill.  I went in and sat at the bar.  It's a very nice looking brasserie.  The bar seating is plentiful and the bartender was very nice.  This is a nice escape from the business of walnut st.  I ordered a glass of sauvignon which was pretty awful, it had a very thick flavor for a sauvignon.  I also didn't like the fact they had a ring on the glass to make sure the bartenders are not too generous.  I mean this seems a little bit uptight for a casual bistro.  Everyone's entitled to a healthy pour on a Tuesday afternoon.  Overall, I was pretty disappointed with the wine by the glass menu.  I ordered the duck confit with lentils, which was a nice light lunch portion of perfectly cooked duck with crispy skin and a nicely seasoned portion of lentils. This was a good dish, but I think a little overpriced ($18) for a small lunch portion.  I also tried the squash soup (I think?).  It was their soup of the day.  It was not memorable and had a very dull flavor instead of a rich flavor, probably could have used a bit more butter.  I loved the french fries they were served with some type of seasoned mayo and I could have been perfectly happy with just eating these.  The gal next to me ordered the muscles with a curry sauce.  It smelled amazing and it took everything in me not to ask her for a taste of it.  I'll have to order it next time.  They did have Guiness on tap which is always a plus.  They also seemed to have a nice selection of beer.  I only wish their wine list was as accomodating.  Overall a very good place.  I'll go back again.  This place probably deserves 3.5 stars.So there place has been here for quite a while now which, you know, tells you something.  Plus they have a nice collection of posters.  Most important, they have Kronenbourg on tap, which seems to me essential for a France-like French bistrot or cafe or brasserie here in the E-U.  They also have a lot of classic French bistrot/cafe/brasserie food.  Not just croques (mesdames et messieurs), but moules frites (although I think they are referred to as mussels.  I think they taste better when you call them moules.  Anyhow, they have them, and that is good.  They also have flammenkuchen, which is really better than pizza.  Is this flammenkuchen as good as you can find in Alsace?  How do I know -- Ashe County's sister city in France is Paris, not Strasbourg (and don't we love it when they roll up that big plane at CLT to take us over there for the annual twinned-cities fellowship meeting).  Which is to say, if the comparison is Paris, then I think they are about at the level of the flammenkuchen at La Compagnie des Crepes, in Cour St Emilion -- at least before they closed.  (Hey, I enjoyed it there!)
From what I have seen and tasted, the food here is good, or good enough.  I mean, honestly, does anybody really go to France for the food?  Sure, you can eat some amazing things in a Michelin starred restaurant, and the cheap cheese and bread is fantastic elsewhere, but in between it's hit or miss.  A steack frites is about an attitude, not a good piece of meat.  Ambience.  Caribou Cafe has the posters and the Kronenbourg on tap, and the right foods, so it's up to us to do the rest.I've been here before and have never been really impressed. The food is good but the service is still inconsistent. The woman who waited on us today was extremely rude to us more than once! I will not be going back.Went here with my grandparents after seeing a walnut theatre play. When walking in it has a weird feel I can't explain it, it has a very unique design which was very interesting to me. I'm not a fan of French food but the food here was really good! They did have American food but put their own twist on it which I loved! As appetizers for the table we got escargot which was good ( it's snails ). We also got 2 Caesar salads for the table, which was surprisingly very delicious ( besides the olives hate olives ). For dinner I got the Caribou caffe burger with just bacon and cheese which without a doubt is one of the best burgers I've had. I got it with Brie cheese which worked really well with the beef and bacon very delicious. Unfortunately I was completely full by the time dessert came :( The food was amazing the service was pretty ok, and the decor and surrounding was very unique.Philadelphia's only truly french looking and tasting restaurant. It looks like a restaurant in Paris and the food is amazing!Mediocre service, mediocre steak or "Onglet à l'échalote." My husband's chicken dish was good. The beer menu earned the second star.  I've had a much better steak and sides (veggies, not crap french fries) at Longhorn's.I went with my... pediatrician. lol. No, not my kid's doctor... MY pediatrician. lol. It was a lunchtime celebration of my 30th bday and her 30th anniversary seeing patients... I was one of her very first patients. :) I would review her, but as of this 30th anniversary, she is no longer seeing patients - a semi-retirement.
So, me.. French restaurant.. ehhh, I wouldn't have chosen it, but sure. I'm game.
I arrive around 10 minutes to 12 on a HORRIBLY rainy Tuesday and the place is virtually empty. I order my usual seltzer with lime, no ice, please and wait. Bartender Billy = A doll. Dr. Lady arrives almost immediately after me, and we are seated. Waiter Guy comes over - sans introduction - and says he must read us the specials. Neither of us got much of anything that he said. It was far too much and the delivery bored us to tears. Figs and artichokes and six other somethings piled onto a something else... uh.. no. He also called it the PRICE FIX menu. lol.
I settled on the Salade Nicoise, after Doctor Lady points out that it might not actually be a Salade Nicoise since it is served with salmon. Waiter Guy completely missed the joke. Dr. Lady ordered the omelette. Food came mighty quickly - or maybe we just were too into our conversation to notice how long it took... whatever. 
She said her food was very good, and well, I am now completely enamored with the Nicoise.
So, One star for decor... the place is beautiful...
One star for bartender and hostess...
One star for excellent food...
One star for decent pricing...
No star for waiter's personality. Sorry Waiter Guy. :(Caribou has all the makings of the perfect quaint Parisian bistro. I've dined here multiple time over the last year and been very satisfied by the atmosphere it presents (aside from its managerial choices). On my last visit I had an extremely underwhelming meal followed by a creme brulee that was more like icy vanilla pudding. I mentioned the mistake to my server, who brushed my comment aside as if it was too much for him to bare, and then gossiped with the manager who shrugged by giving me nothing but a miserable frown and pulling on her hair. Based on service alone my husband and I will never be back, which is unfortunate becaus most of the time the food is very enjoyable.Great French restaurant. Nice atmosphere. Love their escargot!Last week I met a friend for lunch. I got there first and explained to the hostess that my friend was not doing very well and had some medical issues. She completely ignored my request for a table downstairs. I cringed my way upstairs praying that my friend did not fall down. While waiting for the table I asked a waiter which entree was the special for Wednesday. He couldn't  have run by me fast enough yelling for the bartender to help me. I told the bartender that the waiter has been rude to me before.
The music was so loud we could barely understand each other. The house salad was large and tasty, but the mussels were luke warm.
Since I like French food and the decor I keep going back hoping the service will improve. The bartender was very pleasant. Sit at the bar only!I was confused to the actual identity of this place before I ate there, particularly because it calls itself a Cafe and really, at least by American standards, it's more of a restaurant.  Particularly in the price department, not that I'm complaining.  The food is fine French food and quite delicious.  I had a beet and goat cheese salad for the appetizer, which was so pretty as the fucia of the beet bled into the goat cheese and created this sweet pink.  Then I had the Steak Frites au Jus.  I don't eat fries that often but dipping them in au Jus is what heaven must taste like.
There isn't a whole lot I can eat on the menu because the French love stuffing loads of cream and butter into everything (which is probably a good thing to lots of other people so I can't really fault them for it).  Also, they had a Sommelier who suggested a fantastic wine pairing.  Kudos.This is one of those places I've frequently passed but never gone into.
I went in for dinner and honestly everything was superb. The decor is cozy, you do get a kind of French bistro feeling even if it's a bit contrived. I asked to be seated in the quietest most out of the way area, and was accommodated completely.
My meal was an iced tea (1.95,) a Flammenkuche (9.50) - which is a kind of flatbread pizza and was HUGE -, a burger with bacon and swiss (9.50 plus 2.00 each for the toppings,) for a total with tax of $26.90.
The only thing preventing the place from getting five stars is that after I paid I decided I wanted dessert. I ordered it and asked for more iced tea, and she charged me for the iced tea again. I kind of thought that was a bit over the top considering I had already paid for iced tea once, and I had just tipped her nearly 40%. I know it's only another 1.95 but... principle I guess. (The bread pudding, by the way, was 8.50).
Pricey but worth it. I would go back for sure.I was skeptical about this place at first because of this mixed yelp reviews but I'm glad that didn't stop me from going. I was here last Sunday for lunch. Caribou Cafe has a great atmosphere. The food was good but nothing spectacular. We had the onion soup and cream of vegetable soup, both very flavorful. For an entree we split an apple currant crepe that was on special, so delicious and perfectly cooked, as well as the croque Monsieur (basically a grilled ham and cheese) that came with crispy French fries that were outta this world!  The service was great, everyone was pleasant and were mindful that we had to leave the restaurant in time to catch a show.  I would definitely go back here for a leisurely meal or a quick bite.I was intrigued to try this place because it always looks so inviting and quintessential French when I walk by. I came for dinner on a date night and was underwhelmed. Decent wine list by the glass. We shared the French onion soup which was very cheesy and well seasoned. The entrees were sub-par. I had the croque madame which was missing the cheese sauce on top that most croque madames have. My boyfriend has he beef borganion which had poor quality meat and was not well seasoned.  The atmosphere was nice and good service, but in no way compares to Parc.Went last night for dinner. Love the atmosphere. Very warm and "French".
The escargot was yummy. The pate had a tuna- fishy  texture but had a good flavor.
Frank had the boar ragout. The pasta type was unexpected and the boar tasted like a gamey pork, which he like a lot.
I had the bouillabaisse with tilapia and salmon. The fish was slightly dry but the mussels and flavor were nice.
On the whole a nice, comfy neighborhood spot. Nothing that would blow your socks off.It may not be the best French bistro in the city, but it has a few things going for it. Great location, live music (jazz/acoustic), and well prepared cocktails. I like the ambiance. Me thinks the menu could be a bit more adventurous - but what I have had was well prepared and tasty. 
Turn up the heat on the menu selections and I'd be there for more than late night apps.I remembered eating at this place years ago when visiting Philly and it was a great experience.  Now that we live here, we happened to be in the neighborhood one Friday evening and decided to stop by again.  The place was virtually empty while the surrounding neighborhood restaurants were packed.  At first we thought that was great, but looking back we should've taken it as an omen.  Disappointing place.  The wait staff were unresponsive and looked like they had better places to be.  Chicken was overpriced, undercooked, and when we brought it to the attention of our waitress, she acted like she wasn't really sure what to do.  This is the kind of restaurant that gives you false expectations with their cool and romantic decor, hand-written bistro signage, soft lighting and French feeling... only to fail  in meeting your expectations with their ho-hum service and mediocre food.  Boo.  The high point of the evening was when the Jazz duo began to play, as the music helped us take our minds off the bad décision we had made in eating here.  The beer helped too.  If you decide to stop here, I recommend grabbing a beer, drinking it, and moving on.Not wowed at a recent meal. Without reservations,  our restaurant options were limited for impromptu brunch. Food was mediocre. Eggs Benedict comes with only 1 egg and the special salad skimped on advertised walnuts and was overdressed. Meh.Lackluster is the best way I can think to describe Caribou Cafe. Tables are packed tight but that is to be expected in this section of the city and can be easily overlooked if food and service are strong. They are not. Service was indifferent and slow. The food is institutional, I guess like a Sysco version of French bistro fare. They do have a nice selection of beer and wine. I think they use some sort of powdered cappuccino mix but their regular coffee is fine. 
Caribou Cafe is very close to the Forrest Theatre and walking distance from The Walnut. That is why we went and I would guess it is the primary way that they get any business. A captive audience is a must for this sort of restaurant.Save your money, don't go here.  We were charged $3.50 for each refill of fountain soda! Never once informed, and when we asked about it upon getting our bill we were told " I just push the button" .  UnbelievableOn a beautiful Sunday afternoon, my boyfriend and I stopped in for brunch. The outdoor seating was wonderful. I had the Quiche special, while he had the Filet Mignon Eggs Benedict. The Quiche was good, but the Eggs Benedict was to die for. Good service, lovely atmosphere, cannot wait to return..
Fall 2007Pretty good on a Thursday night. Salmon special was excellent. Mussels were kind of small but with a really tasty curry cream sauce, sopped it up with the bread. Bread pudding was recommended and worth it. 
Prices were pretty good for the area. I'd happily return soonThe waitress was very rude and delayed with all requests although the restaurant was not even near half capacity. The salmon was too salty to taste. I've had better elsewhere.The French Food here is good and worth a try. The real driver of excellence here is the bread pudding which will change your life. The bread pudding comes out like a slice of cake and is hot, salty and delicious. If you are in Philly and Stuffing your face with some 9th street average cheese steak and not this bread pudding, your life has been for not.We went last night. We were not impressed at all.
We had reservations and where asked to sit upstairs in the corner. We objected (nicely) but the hostess was a bit condensing.
We've had far better pate and onion soup in neighborhood restaurants.I always forget about Caribou Cafe, but every time I go there I regret not going there more frequently. As far as French bistros go, this is the top of the heap in Philly, and it most certainly blows Parc out of the water (take note, Steven Starr - this is how a French bistro SHOULD be done!). The decor is spot-on, the service is always great, and the food....ooh la la! I was there two nights ago with friends, and everything we had was exquisite. Particularly noteworthy was the crab cake, which looked like a rather sizeable onion bhaji and was quite simply a party in your mouth. And if you're partial to French onion soup, this is the place to get it. Caribou Cafe is definitely somewhere I won't be forgetting about again in a hurry!I was somewhat disappointed with the dinner. The service was good, but the food was average at best. I mean, what french restaurant doesn't serve french bread?  They had a basket of sliced whoe wheat bread!  We started with escargot. It was served in a cream sauce that was okay but not very interesting. Again, somewhat disappointing. Atmosphere was traditional Parisian bistro. Overall, okay, but inwouldnt recommend it. There are many more better dinner options in Philly!i only hung out here once. had a cute table outside. i'll always choose the outside option. i need constant stimulation. so,people watching works just fine.service was great. our waitress was super friendly and not annoying. the environment was chill. and i wold def go backSo we went for restaurant week last night.  Not a large menu choice as we have had in the past at other restaurants. Only 2 dinner choices. Lamb or fish.  We decided to share food.  Apps were the best part. The escargot over puff pastry, the cheese puff and salad were the best part of our meal.  Great wine selection too.  Dinners were bland and unexciting.  Dessert was unoriginal.  Lava cake. And it was dry. I would go back for apps, cheese and wine, not dinner. I think that they should have chosen different main dishes and a better dessert for their restaurant week menu. Try to get more of a crowd in there and repeat customers.  It was pretty dead.The goats cheese and caramelised onion quiche is simply delicious. A lovely French bistro ambiance. Very pleasant staff. It certainly gets my vote.A friend and  I ate at the (curiously named) Caribou Cafe last night.  A light supper there was just what we needed after an evening walking around a show at the Philadelphia Convention Center. The menu is classic French bistro and the prices are about what you'd expect for a casual restaurant in a major city. We both ordered the onion soup, my pal had the gnocchi and I had a croque monsieur sandwich. Everything was tasty and our main dishes came with a generous amount of salad in a classic balsamic vinaigrette.
Unlike some other reviewers, we were greeted promptly, and quickly accommodated when we asked for a table away from the jazz combo. Our waiter was very pleasant and despite the live music, the sound level was conducive to conversation.  I will definitely visit again.I seriously don't understand how anyone likes the food here. The beer selection is pretty good but the food is sub par. I ate here this past Friday with two others. U had the pizza appetizer which fir some reason wasn't sliced so I had to attempt to cut it myself with a butter knife. I was not very successful. My boyfriend had the veal which he said tasted 'odd' and my friend had the chicken sandwich which she couldn't even finish. Come for the beers, go elsewhere for sustenance.ok, no offense to anyone, but what is up with the guy who works there with the painted on groucho marx style eyebrows and the humongous wild west mustache? i am intrigued. 
At any rate, the people watching is excellent in their outside eating area and the atmosphere is great inside as well. I have only been here for drinks, but seriously, on the drinks tip - who has wine glasses with a ring to signify the alcohol portion?  we are all adults here and if someone gets more than 2 oz. a glass the world is not going to end. So lighten up Caribou Cafe haven't you ever heard the saying, a day without wine is like a day without sunshine?Average bistro atmosphere
Average service: had one experience where the waiter did not repeat our orders to us (which I should have taken concern with) and then two of the four items we ordered were incorrect.
Cleanliness: today , through the open kitchen door, i SAW OUR WAITRESS EAT FROM OUR FOOD (she picked a french fry off of plate fries while the food was waiting on the kitchen pass through platform waiting for her to pick it up and bring to our table) without gloves. She then walked out of the kitchen chewing the fry. I approached her (with the manager) and asked: "do you often eat fries from customer orders". She stared back at me embarrassed and said "Occasionally" (almost flippantly). to make matters more bizzare,the manager just looked at me and did not say anything (not even sorry, we will take care of this matter, or thank you for bringing this to my attention).wa-wa-we-wa this place is beautiful! Went last night for a glass of wine and had a great time. The atmosphere was unbeatable and the live music was so much fun. Though the music was a bit loud at some times and we couldn't hear conversations at our own table, it was alright with me. I spent a long time just admiring the decor which felt like an Andy Warhol gallery. Would come back again for sure!Great place.  I just moved into this block and wanted to grab a drink with my roommate outside and this was the only place with an open table at the time.
Even though we were slightly under dressed, the happy hour specials were incredibly cheap considering the high class of the establishmant.  Would go again.The place was very lovely. Staff was extremely friendly. My only complaint is that the online menu stated that they had steak tartare. This was the only reason we picked this restaurant. We were informed that the steak tartare had been removed from the menu some time ago. The waiter was extremely apologetic and did try to be as accommodating as possible. The food we did have was quite tasty.  I just wish the online menu was updated.Caribou has been around for a long time and it is a place that always ends up on my "back shelf" as far as restaurants go. I forget how nice this place is, though and each time I return - I want more. Recently, I enjoyed a stellar meal here featuring delicious steak tartar - I am a carnivore at heart. It was spicy and perfect and mmm as good as it gets fresh meat. Not everyone's taste, I know, but if they can elevate some raw hamburger to a sublime dish, then think what they might be able to do with a steak or a piece of fish. Fortunately, I don't have to imagine what they can do because I tasted my friends' food and can say that everything was excellent. French bistro atmosphere without the pretentious attitude and good food to boot - vive le Caribou!My girlfriend and I were in town for a convention.  We needed a place to eat at 10pm that was close to our hotel.  We decided to give the Caribou Cafe a chance.  We were both very satisfied!  The atmosphere was pleasant, the music was enjoyable, and the food was delicious!  We ordered the Split Pea Puree and Chicken Wellington.... it was OUTSTANDING!  The bread pudding left something to be desired but the appetizer and entree definitely made up for it.
I definitely plan on returning here should I find myself in Philly again!The quick summary:  average setting, two blown orders out of six, messed up check, fair food, overpriced wine.  Not worth a return trip.
A group of us came here before going to the theater.  I will not come back.  The food wasn't bad, but it was not an enjoyable experience.
The setting is barren, boxy.  We were upstairs.  The tables and chairs were comfortable, but there was little shape to the room.
Service was slow.  Actually, spotty.  At times, the server was attentive, at times, the server was absent for very long periods.  Completely gone.  And the other staff were unable to catch our eyes or glances.
Six people, six orders.  Or so we thought, when only five orders arrived.  And one was not correct -- somehow, a hamburger became onion soup.  Not even close.
The food was okay.  Some things were quite nice.  The scallops were fair; a little bitter, an odd taste, but not bad.  The ravioli dish was nice.  The cheese plate -- nothing truly exotic, mainly off-the-shelf cheeses (Morbier, St. Andre, etc.)
We gave three credit cards so they could split the check.  One credit card was run twice, one not at all.  And the server had vanished (again); after waiting a while and getting ignored, we walked to the bar to have the billing fixed.
The wine markup was steep.  300%, by my guess.  Maybe more -- Kermit Lynch Rhone for close to $60?  Really?
The place wasn't actually *bad*, so it doesn't get a one-star rating.  But the overall experience was below average, below acceptable.  Two stars.I stumbled upon the Caribou Cafe completely by accident one day while a friend and I found ourselves stuck in a rainstorm and, perhaps not coincidentally, very thirsty. It was the perfect haven for a rainy afternoon and it's since become my favorite spot for a late-Sunday lunch and drink to finish off the weekend.
Each time I've had a different server and have found each of them to be courteous, pleasant and knowledgable about their menu selections. They were happy to give me drink pairing suggestions when I asked for one, and to recommend dessert (you have never had bread pudding until you've had it at the Caribou Cafe!)
The first time I went, there was a jazz duo playing and they drew in customer and onlookers. A great addition to the overall experience. Some menu favorites are the salade d'endive, salade de chèvre, croque poulet provencal, moules frites... bread pudding, crème brûlée, and fruit melba crêpes. I have yet to try their prix fixe lunch and dinner menus, but look forward to trying even more menu items. The beer selection is somewhat limited and pricey, and I'm not a wine drinker so this isn't a place I go to try new beers.
The decor is lovely - big, bright vintage French advertisements, polished woodwork and ornate lighting. It's a very pleasant place during "off-peak" hours since the atmosphere and menu encourage a leisurely pace... reminiscent of someplace less American and more - oh, I don't know - French, perhaps? ;) If you're a jazz fan, find out when they're playing next and go have yourself a merry little escargot.Caribou is a nicely decorated French restaurant in the heart of Philly.
 I've been to a few French restaurants in philly and other cities so I wanted to check this one out. 
There is a main dining room as you enter and also an upstairs dining area. I decided to eat upstairs at a lovely corner table overlooking the main dining area. The wait staff were very pleasant and dressed very professional. 
The food menu had a lot of traditional French cuisine dishes. I started out with the escargot appetizer. It was very well presented and had a lots of good  flavor. I enjoyed dipping the house bread into it! My second course was the French onion soup. Nothing too remarkable here. Very tasty and balanced with Gruyere cheese. I would have preferred it to be hotter. My main entree was the lamb shank. This was prepared very well, with a tasty balance of good flavors. Not too much lamb on the bone, but good enough to enjoy the flavors. 
I would have given 4 stars, but I was very disappointed in my server, Jessica. I tried so hard to keep it simple for her because I usually know what I want. 
Caribou has a decent drink menu with quite a number of sparkling wines/Champagne. I asked about the features of the Paul Goerg premier cru brut champagne. Unfortunately she could not tell me anything about this wine. I was very disappointed because with champagne, you cannot taste before you buy so you may have to rely on the server and their review. It may have been helpful if she tried to find out. Oh well. Throughout her service I just felt she was disconnected and not really into being at work. I understand we all have days like these, but at least try to fake it to the customer. At the end of my meal Jessica was no where to be found. I had to walk downstairs and pay for my meal at the bar! Embarrassing!
Overall, I did like this restaurant and I will go back many times. I'm not sure if I would like Jessica as my server. All the other staff were happy and pleasant.Great place for a date. The decor is so nice and the waiters are very attentive. There are french, and spanish specialties and the happy hour even includes one of the latter. I was very pleased!Yummy! Saturday brunch today while on a visit back to Philly. A friend and I met here and first ordered Bloody Marys. Nothing to write home about. Server was nice, but announced the Daily Specials without fervor. She did her job but didn't seem at all enthused to be waiting on us. I couldn't decide between the entree salad or pasta, so what the hell, I'm eating my way through the city this weekend, so I got both. Glad I did! Endive and arugula salad with prosciutto, candied walnuts, craisins, bleu crumbles topped with a dijonette dressing. Pasta was fresh wide noodles, red peppers, asparagus, and shrimp in a cream sauce. Both dishes were fantastic. My friend got the salmon eggs benedict and raved. Great food. Okay service--but for the price I expected more. Staff's attitude seemed on par with a fast food drive-thru. Up your game on service and I'd gladly give you a 5 star rating next time in town.I have eaten here a few times but it was a while ago and I can't remember much about it other then it was a pleasant experience. Tonight we had drinks at the bar rather then going to Vintage because it looked less crowded. It was a good choice because the atmosphere it Caribou is very nice with the open front and the ceiling fans. Very comfortable on a summer evening. Yards saison on tap and just a relaxing way to spend an hour. Highly recommended.This should sum it up...This place was basically the only restaurant in Philly that could get us in last night (Saturday). Every other place was booked up solid. This should have also been my clue to steer clear--but I didn't...
The food is actually pretty good, but the service, or lack thereof, Kills it for this place.
Shame on me for not listening to the other comments about the terrible service, but I love bistros, so wanted to try my luck...
As I said, the food is good, but our waiter, who basically ignored us the entire evening, when was present, had the attitude that he would've rather been anywhere but here. 
I asked if there were any specials and was told no, only the pasta. 10 minutes later I heard him describing a special dish with lamb, to the table behind us...Really???
We had to basically ask for everything, including our drinks, several times.
to the owner/management: before you reply to this with some politically correct and transparent apology, why not read all the other reviews on the service and actually do something about it--then you'd actually have a pretty decent restaurant.
My advice, steer clear until they sort things out.Three friends and I were wandering the 12th and Chestnut area looking for a place to eat without a reservation on a Friday night. We tried a few places on 12th, but the wait was 45 minutes or so. We stumbled upon Caribou Cafe where we were able to get a table for 4 right away. I had the pork chop which was delicious. I don't usually eat at French places and I loved how rich the sauce was for the pork chop. My friends and I all tried each other's meals and I think mine was the best choice by far. I would recommend this place for a yummy last minute meal.I went here for Valentines Day and the waitstaff was horrible. I told the waitress I had a Gluten Allergy and she did not tell the chef. 
We ordered mussels as an appetizer they came out before our entree order was even taken. The mussels had breadcrumbs on them and I did not realize until after I had already eaten one. We left immediatly and will never return. I do not recommend to anyone with an allergy.We were excited to try this restaurant, and had the opportunity before attending an event in the area, on a Sunday.  The menu was very interesting and our party of four enjoyed our time there.  The atmosphere was very relaxed.  Unfortunately, so was the chef.  The food wasn't very good.  I had a "surf and turf" scrambled eggs.  A photo of this dish looked very fresh and appetizing.  My dish was not fresh.  The side of potatoes seemed mushy and looked as if they had been cooked a long time ago.  The lobster was broken up and over-cooked, honestly unrecognizable.  There was a sauce loaded with black pepper making the dish unpleasant.  I prefer seasoned food, but the low quality protein in this dish dish was ruined by the sauce.  The service was excellent, the room pleasant, the location very accessible.  If only someone was paying attention to the food!!This place was amazing; I was visiting Philly for 5 days and I went here 3 or 4 times. The outside seating is really nice and I got this great German hef beer. I had their sandwiches, salmon special, and mussels, all of which were fantastic. The price was just a bit high for what I wanted to spend on lunch, but I did get a specialty beer, and it was half a liter. I hope it's here when I come back!The first two times my fiancé and I ate here it was very nice. The third time we had a craving for  bread pudding we were sat outside. And there we sat for 20-25 minutes with not one waiter asking us for our drinks or bringing us water, we stood up and left feeling very offended. 
My fiancé somehow begged me to try the place again, he loves the bread pudding. I was not happy to oblige but I did. We were sat inside and ordered the bread pudding and I ordered the cheese plate. Both were very good but the waiter we had absolutely did not care about us. He took our order and brought the food, that was the last we saw of him. A woman waitress stopped by and would ask us if we needed anything but our former waiter did not see us again. We left a whole $0.00 tip. Wont be going back....even for the bread pudding.Cancelled my order after the cockroach scurried across the floor and they failed to kill it. There's a reason why we had a reservation for 7 on a Friday night within 10 minutes (and the place was empty). Yuck.I recently just ate at this restaurant and the food was delicious. I went there with 20 people and we were served immediately. If you're looking for tasty food that is not over priced then try this place. Especially if you're out on a date or just visiting Philadelphia, this place is very calm and relaxing.First off - Ambiance is great- would that the food was as memorable.
Scratch that - the food was memorable- we remember our disappointment.
We stopped in after work for Happy hour and some Chimay- for a snack- we ordered the sliders. (sadly, there is little meat/tasty bits inside the not so fresh brioche)  
What happened to the previous simple servings on French bread/toast from some time back?
Then the overpriced Chimay- 10.00 per glass?!? Served by a bartender that was, well out of it (to put it kindly) - as it seemed he'd had a few Chimay himself!
We pushed our luck and ordered profiterole to be shared. The chocolate sauce and ice cream were each fine but the chaux was, well "older" and neither light nor airy.
all told-
60 smackers poorly spent on overpriced beer and a rather unhappy happy hour.
This was a much better experience several years ago. 
Not to be totally negative, Caribu has wonderful, clean, well appointed bathrooms!  Which, in our view are great place to sneak in and eat a WaWa hoagie- which is a better taste and a value at 5.00...You may still then have cash enough to pay for another overpriced, poorly cooked Carubu serving of average tasting haute cuisine.
Que s'est-il passé, Caribou?I am in town in Philadelphia for work and usually like to venture out to find local eateries.  So, coming back from a quick walk to the Independence Hall Mall, I headed down Walnut, and this place caught my attention.  
On the menu outside, the words "pate" and "escargot", which I am a fan of both, caught my eyes.  Ok..."let's give it a try", I thought.
To start with, the service.  I walked in.  No one to seat you.  No one approached me about taking a seat.  And the servers are just standing around.  I thought...OK...Let me reach out.  I went up to a server at the bar, and I inquired whether they serve food at the bar.  With a brisk "Yes" as a  response...I decided to take a seat.
To start with, the wine.  Which is the reason why they earned a second star (that and the ambiance...).  It was GREAT merlot.  Been a while since I have had a great glass of merlot.
So for food, I opted for the escargot as an app, followed by the seafood crepe.
Escargot...sadly enough...was a bit subpar in my opinion.  It came out of the shell and served on a toasted mini pouch breading that was burnt.  And not much to taste but the creme sauce.
The crepe.  Seems like the same sauce that was on the escargot was on the crepe.  And I have had my fair share of great crepes.  This one was probably one of the "fishiest" dishes that I didn't care to finish.  Let's put it this way, I ate more of the side salad that came with it than the crepe itself.
Quite disappointing.I have had brunch here twice and am starting to like this place a little more with each visit. While not my first choice for French I would go back.The escargot is very good, they have it in a little pastry puff.Just stopped in for an unexpected lunch break. The croque monsieur was melt in your mouth incredible, the service was very attentive and friendly and I enjoyed the coffee as well. Another yelped called this a  hidden gem and I agree.I've only eaten here once, and I wasn't that hungry when I did.  
I had lunch here, in a booth.  I ordered some salad with goat cheese in it.  Big mistake, I don't like goat cheese.  The overall salad was presented very nicely and was very good looking.  But the thing is, I did not like goat cheese (I forgot I didn't like it, sigh).
Overall, I think this is a place that is "cool" to go to.  They have a very nice outdoor seating area, and it just seems like it is the cool thing to do.  It's a very nice French place, and anyone you take here would enjoy it.  
I walk by this place a lot, and it always looks like whoever is there is enjoying their time spent there.
PS, my coworker says the burgers here are amazing.  He has a discerning taste, so I would probably go by it.Think I'm being a little kind...3 stars based on what I tasted from my friends' plates. French onion soup was tastey, salads were good, and the choc soufflé was to die for. 2 people at my table had the chicken Wellington, not bad. Was going to order that myself, but they were out. I got the ny strip, overcooked...oh well. I will say never ever order the crab cake!!!! My dog wouldn't even eat, seriously. I put it in his bowl just to see...he groaned at it and walked away. He eats anything, so I was amazed. It was funny though.One of my favorite restaurants in the city for a casual bite to eat.  I always enjoy the mussels, which are large and meaty, while the sauce is light and delicious, you can't have enough bread to go with it!  I love the escargot and red beet salad!! Every meal or appetizer I've had there has been delicious and authentic french, reminiscent of what I've had in Paris.  Desserts are also delicious especially the apple tatin.  Service does vary and some visits have had more attentive staff than others, but I go there for the food and wine and that has never let me down!We, a family of five, stopped after the Mummers parade for lunch. Overall a bad meal and a VERY VERY slow service. 
Menu items:
Onion soup - bland
Salmon and Trout main course- trout was actually very good but the salmon was very bad. 
I ordered the daily special, which I was told was steak and Brie. Mid way through the very long wait I was told that in fact the special was a sandwich. I did not want to wait any longer and went with it (the waiter did not actually ask if I wanted something else.) Finally the sandwich came and was bad. A few dry pieces of meat. Even the bread was not good. 
Hamburgers - left uneaten by the kids. We tasted the French fries which were horrible. Might have been from a bag. Too well done and tons of oil. 
Maybe the most annoying thing was that service was automatically added to the bill. Totally not OK for a bad service for 5. 
Will not come back!I have to disagree with the reviews here too...the fries were awesome! I would never compare this place to McDonald's! The atmosphere here is lively for happy hour and that is to be expected because they have great drink specials - $3 Domestic bottles, $4 Drafts, and $5 mix drinks. 
I had the crab cake appetizer and strip steak entree. Both were seasoned and cooked well. It was tasty and the fries with the steak were crispy and delicious. 
The service here is amazing. The servers and waiters worked together and helped each other out.Thank goodness the meal was delicious.  the cafe needs support staff for their wait staff.  Don't go if you only have a 2 hour time limit.Lovely atmosphere with warm lighting and jazz playing... Fabulous mussels (sorry, France, these are better) served in white wine curry sauce that you'll want to drink up or soak the crunchy French fries they're served with in... But save room for the decadent chocolate mousse, a family recipe. Delicious!The place was packed when we got there for our 7:15 dinner reservations but we quickly got a table. Apparently it's the place to go before opening curtain at the theater down the street. They have a set menu of $29 for a salad, soup of the day, entree and desert but I opted for the French onion soup, the butter fish special and the bread pudding for desert. Topped it off with a glass of Muscadet. The meal and drink cost me $55- a bit steep for me pockets. The butter fish special alone was $25. So I felt it was overpriced for what I received. 
The environment was hip and relaxed with lots of people socializing having a good time. We wound up staying well after the check was paid just sitting and talking without interruption. A little pricey but still a fantastic place!Wonderful service! The vesper cocktail is superb!
We stopped in prior to seeing a show and were told up front to expect slow service because they were crowded. That was not the case at all. I wish I could recall our servers name because he was fantastic in answering questions.Quick Review- A lot of buck, not a lot of bang! The atmosphere is quite nice and I appreciated the long food and drink list. The Caribou Cafe was rather disappointing given the head chef, Olivier Desaintmartin was a Chopped winner.  Lots of seating, indoor and outdoor; with a bar/lounge area. Not my favorite French restaurant in Philadelphia. 
In Depth Review
OVERALL- Caribou Cafe located just southeast of City Hall is a French inspired cafe. The head chef is quite renowned which seemed to fit the high menu prices. However the food was some-what disappointing given the aforementioned. Altogether nothing at this restaurant really stood out to me. Most recently, went here with my girlfriend on a Tuesday night @6pm just before heading to the Walnut Street Theater.
ATMOSPHERE- The main area is large with both an upstairs, downstairs and bar area. In the summer they have outdoor seating. No music. I was very cold throughout my entire meal. The hostess, who appeared to be some type of manager and not just an entry-level job hostess was quite rude. The food came quick but so quick that we were not even half-way done our appetizers before the entrées. Even the chairs were not working for me. My chair was so low that I felt like I could rest my chin on the table. 
PRICE- A little bit much! The appetizer was my favorite part because of the taste and price. But the cocktails and wine were (standard) $10 each. Ordering the expensive drinks had me think the rest of the meal would be mind blowing but it was a bit of a let down. As for the entrées, they were also priced fairly high. These high food prices were surprising given the restaurant is not BYOB. Check was $98 for a personal pizza, onion soup, two entrées, two glasses of wine, one cocktail and two espresso's before tip. 
DRINKS- No real problems with the drinks. They had a lot of options and seemed to put effort in their drinks. I ordered the Van Gogh (vodka Absinthe). It was good but not great. My girlfriend ordered two glasses of wine at $10 each. Standard prices. The espresso was a nice meal cap. 
FOOD- This was the most disappointing part of the experience. My girlfriend ordered the onion soup. Which was mediocre at best. I feel like you should perfect onion soup if you own a French restaurant. It was bland. I love Sherry in the soup but the soup at the Caribou Cafe seemed to be absent of any.  The appetizer smoked salmon pizza was awesome! Definitely recommend that. For entrées we ordered the croque madame and seafood crêpe. They definitely fit the "butter and cream" reputation French restaurant's have. Again neither of us were too impressed. I would stick to Parc if you want the full French cafe experience.
A little disappointed at the CariBOO Cafe!I think three stars is pretty fair for this place. I've only been here for lunch. It's close to work and it's a great spot if you want to take your time and enjoy the nice weather. They have outdoor seating that you can take advantage of that feels like you're at a cafe in Paris except you're on Walnut street and there are septa busses passing by. 
I always get the Croque Madame which is a ham, cheese sandwich and an over easy egg on top. The fries are delicious and I love the remoulade sauce. I've also had the ham and cheese crepe which was good. 
Prices are fair for a sit down place. My only complain is that although service is very friendly, it usually takes a while to get things moving. Not because of the waiter's fault but rather they're short of staff. It's generally easy and quick to get a table here which I also like. If you have a bit of time to kill and want to relax this place is for you.Wow... Talk about both ends of the spectrum! The mrs. And I are currently sitting on the upper level @ a table for two... I have just returned the boeff, which was terrible! Think over cooked and under seasoned "pot roast". Although the manager assured us that he sampled the dish in question and that in his opinion it was perfectly fine. Was very tempted to let him know that if I wanted his opinion that I would have asked for it... Also I could be wrong but the tomatoes that were paired with the escargot had the familiar taste of stewed canned tomatoes, the kind from high school lunch. But on the other hand our server/garçon was very aggreable and understanding. Also the Mrs. was fortunate enough to order the filet mignon which was very good. Deserts not bad. All in all we will most likely not return.I LOVE this place! Must confess, I often eat at the bar but have also eaten at table with friends.
Staff has always been friendly and welcoming. Martinis are wonderful as is the Bordeaux.
Have tried several meals on the menu and all of them were good to very good. 
Love the atmosphere and location.
Worth a visit!Had another solid experience at Caribou. Joined some friends for a haven't-seen-you-in-forever-catching-up dinner on Saturday night, and we were allowed to linger in the upstairs dining area without being disturbed. Everyone cleaned their plates, but the deserts were somewhat underwhelming.LIve.  MICE in the restaurant RUNNING ON THE Floor
The food was great.  Wine was amazing.  The food was so good.
 Been here a few times but this time they were two mice running on the floor under the bench and between the tables. When I pointed it out to the waiter. He said well I have not seen a mouse around here in a while but it happens. He could not find it but the people next to us saw it as well and left.Caribou Café is one of my favorites here in the city of brotherly love. You can usually find me enjoying a glass of rosé at the bar or when the weather is nice, enjoying lunch or dinner outside. A great place to sit and watch the world go by.  If you ever heard Pink Martini's song "Sympathique", it captures the feeling perfectly:
Je ne veux pas travailler
Je ne veux pas déjeuner
Je veux seulement l'oublier
Et puis je fume
Try the quiche brule of the day. Always a winner. For satisfy that sweet tooth order the creme brulee with the chocolate mouse....then try them together. That's what magic is made of! 
Note: There has been a change in management, and haven't been there since; but the chef/owner is still there!Last minute restaurant week reservation for a big party of 7. The name itself seems casual, which this place was. However, their food could have been served in a fancier restaurant. True to the Cafe in their name, they offered an assortment of sandwiches. 
Four people did restaurant week and enjoyed the goat cheese salads, trout, escargot and chocolate cake. The onion soup was very good, and everyone raved about the beef and the lamb, saying they were perfectly cooked. The roasted chicken sandwich was quite delicious with pesto and a solid chunk of cheese, in addition to the very good bread.
The service was a little disjointed (plates coming out at different times, silverware not being replaced when there was food in front of everyone, bread coming out after the entrees), which I attribute to not everyone getting restaurant week menu items and having such a large party.
I would come back here for lunch to get a sandwich but probably not dinner again. It was pretty noisy and more casual than I'm used to for dinner dates.Man, was this place a disapointment. While it's beautiful inside and has great outdoor seating, this is a place I'll go back to only for drinks. 
I went last Saturday for brunch with a girlfriend to discover that while they do, as advertised, serve brunch, they don't open until 11:30PM, a negative for folks who are trying to have a productive weekend day. Of course, nothing else in the neighborhood was open yet, either (we checked). I guess the Gayborhood parties too hard on Friday to get up before noon on Saturday. We waited around, and snagged a good outdoor spot, prime for people watching. 
The food, however, was just "meh." For $11 I got a salad which was a small pile of baby spinach, dressed in something unidentifiable (it was NOT reminiscent of berries, as claimed) tossed with spiced peanuts. Peanuts! Alongside of which was a medium piece of baguette toast topped with melted goat cheese. I love goat cheese, so that was all good, but for $11, I expect something more exciting, and larger, from a salad. I had to eat half of my friends brunch.
She ordered Eggs Florentine, which came out curious. One tiny little egg on one half of an English muffin, and a small piece of steak on the other half, both topped with a foamy, not-lemony, hollandaise. Hmmm. Again, not terrible, just not anything to write home about. And something was off with our $7 bloody mary's. Too small, too much horseradish, to much Worcestershire,, and not enough freaking hot sauce. The garnish was nice, but I would have been happier if they had also had some dill pickles in the house.I've had lunch here this morning...it was my forth time in 2 years. I like their french-inspired flavors. Portions aren't too big, but for lunch is OK. Perhaps I wouldn't like it as much if it was for dinner.  Inside, the restaurant looks like a French Bistro inside. Overall, it's a good place for a semi-formal lunch or early dinner.Very good chain.  The drinks can be very rich or plain if you desire them that way.  Caribou can be a little pricey, but coffee shops of the like are as well.  Love their infusion of chocolate in many of their drinks.  Just a nice place to get a drink and get comfortable.We enjoyed the friendly service and warm brasserie atmosphere. The food was very nice and the drinks were hearty and well-priced. Our server was attentive but we never felt like we were being rushed out the door; it was a very leisurely meal overall. The house-made pate, served with wonderful condiments and crusty bread, will certainly get me back in the door.I never leave restaurant posts. But I'm so aggravated I feel the need to do so now. 
I'm all for new experiences, but this one takes the cake. Went in and sat at the bar after a long day at work, figuring I'd get a glass of wine and some great steak frites. Seeing the employees with white aprons on, just lounging about in the dining area, should've been a red flag for me about the caliber of service and the level of professionalism one should expect here. I ordered my wine and steak frites, then sipped my wine and hung out. And hung out. And hung out. 40 minutes later, without anyone even checking on me, the bartender Chris finally returned to his post at the bar, giving me a much awaited opportunity to ask about the status of the steak frites I had ordered. With a blank expression, he simply said "I forgot to put the order in".  No profuse apologies, nada. He simply asked if I wanted him to put the order in now, but it was now 10:30pm and the place closes at 11pm, so wtf?!?! I said no, it was too late. He didn't get the manager. No suggestion that he might comp me the glass of wine since I sat for 40 minutes and never got any dinner.  Just gave me a check for the glass of wine. My only recourse was to pay the bill and just not leave a tip. For the first time in my life, I left no tip. Zero. And I'm a guy that finds 15% tips an insult, 20% is my minimum.  I can only recommend the place if you are on a peculiar type of diet whereby you order food, but eat nothing.I love this place. The food is great and affordable. There is often, unpredictably, live jazz. 
But the best part! it is NEVER packed, even when everything else is.Simply put: over priced and horrible service. Done waste your time. Went for happy hour and was not amused.This review is actually not about the food, which I've heard is actually good.
This review is based on my experience there today.  My parents and I were enjoying an afternoon around Center City and decided we would try Caribou Cafe because we love french food.  Sure, the dishes are generic bistro style food, but we thought it would at least be worth a try.  
We walk in and NO ONE greets us.  A server from behind the bar makes a hand movement to us and very awkwardly leads us to one of the booths.  Before we even sit down, he plops down the menus and walks away.  What?!  
This was our cue to get the heck out of there, which we did.  A place that won't properly greet their guests and seat them in a cordial manner is not worth taking a chance on.  Besides that, it felt dark and gloomy.  The servers and the customers just looked so sad.  
I was so happy we left.  We went to another restaurant a block away and were greeted with a warm reception and excellent food.  I didn't think such places existed like this anymore.  
Too bad I'll never be back to try the food.Spent an rare afternoon by myself here, drinking far too much rose Champagne and waiting for the dinner menu to kick in at five to order what I really wanted. 
Its fabulously annoying that the kitchen here won't make you one single item off the dinner menu at 4:35 p.m. on a Saturday.  What kind of backasswards policy is that?   
I get it, there is prep to be done to be ready for Sat. night, but get your shit together, please.  You are in a competitive business. 
That said, after waiting for forty minutes, I received a steak tartare that was
a.  massive.  prob. twelve ounces of raw filet
b. mad tasty. 
c. accompanied by heaps of aioli, frites, and salad. 
The bartender bought me two glasses of bubbles and made polite conversation when I set down my novel for a few minutes. 
Dumb policies vs. respectable bistro food + intelligent service.My friends and I went here for dinner and caught the last 30 minutes of sips the other day. It was such a stressful situation from the moment we sat down. It took about 15-20 minutes to place a drink order. Then our waiter rushed through the sips menu. We told him we also wanted dinner and he could care less! He didn't tell us any specials, he rushed through answering our questions, and he even looked annoyed when we needed clarification! Honestly, I would understand better if it was really busy, but it wasn't. I could see my neighboring customers looking frustrated too while they waited what seemed like forever to place an order. Also, do they give complimentary bread? Bc we didn't get that like our neighboring table. After our first round of drinks and appetizer came out, I had to ask our waitor several times for napkins. When he came with it, he then said, "oh and utensils!" When he came back FIVE minutes later with utensils, he started to put them down on my table, paused, and started retracting while asking, "do you need these?" REALLY?!?!? My dinner hasn't come out yet, but we placed the orders--of course I need them! We had so many miscommunications with our server and the staff that night, it was unbelievable. It's been a long time since I've had such terrible service. 
Foodwise--the sliders were good and the French onion soup was the best thing we ordered. Do not get the burger. We asked for medium and it came back incredibly dry. The bacon was too thick and hard to handle--it was so thick and hard to bite into  that it seemed like they forgot to slice it into thinner prices. It seriously could have gotten 10 pieces of bacon from the slab they gave you. We took 2 bites and left the rest of the burger there (I've never seen my boyfriend leave a whole burger before). The pizza was also terrible and not even fully sliced for us (is that what we get for getting pizza at a French bistro?). We also left 2/3 of the pizza behind. I had curry clams, which were decent. 
Overall, we had such a terrible experience and the food didn't make up for anything.I was in town visiting and stopped by this place due to their happy hour sign. I am glad I stoped in. I sat at the bar and had a good bartender who made a great gin and vermouth cocktail. Their happy hour lasts until 7pm.We go here several times a year for lunch since it's a close walk from our office.  You can't go wrong with the quiche of the day - super thick and fluffy eggs with a delicious crust.  The special salads are also a great lunch meal as well - generously sized and tasty.  If you order from the menu the roasted chicken sandwich with brie and mushrooms is a winner.  
Usually once a year my company will do a big dinner there with a 4 or 5 course tasting menu from Chef Olivier.  Definitely a highlight to look forward to!I've been going here since it was a coffee shop. Over the past few weeks I've experienced especially excellent lunches and a few nice evenings at the bar. The service is genial and the food is good and it's reasonable. The quiche is very good.We were somewhat disappointed.  The ambience is nice, especially for a lunch (it's not a dark/romantic French dinner place).  The food was ok, not outstanding. Too few brunch choices.
 What let us down was the fact that they dont make any substitutes or changes to the menu (I dont eat pork and they couldn't take sausage out of the dish and they couldn't replace it either).  Then I ordered omlette without ham, and they brought it with ham.  The waiter did appologize but it took a very long time for it to be replaced... I was about to walk out after waiting so long. They did offer to compensate for that (and took 10% off the menu), but to me it seemed like they were just not accomodating enough.Nice place, always get a good French meal here.  Reasonable prices, predictible French fare.  Wines are varied. Prefer sitting in a booth than the tables upstairs or at the bar.  Nice interior decor, although Parc looks a bit more authentic to my mind.Caribou Cafe is a cozy spot to hang out, enjoy a few drinks or discover new food you'll love.
The atmosphere is perfect during the day for business professionals, the music is cool and set at the right volume
The best part abt this establishment is the handsome bartender w big hair. Great personality and makes you feel at home as soon as you walk through the door. 
Excellent service, outstanding food and a wonderful atmosphere are the top reasons to visitWe met a group of friends who came in for the annual Flower Show and had lunch/brunch here.  First they are clearly not used to being crowded for lunch on Saturday, and thus the entire meal and service was off.
Food took way to long to come out (over 30 minutes) and 2 of the 3 entrees were cold and had to go back.
Food turned out to be just OK, and all in all is was a waste of time.I came here for brunch this weekend and it was a fairly nice brunch. I ordered a few drinks and they were all fairly good, nothing amazing. For the entree I had the seafood crepe which was divine. It was filled with shrimp and crab and had this amazing creamy sauce on top. My friend got the steak eggs benedict which they though was pretty good as well. The service was really great. Overall a fine time, I'll probably be back.Authentic French fare. Excellent bistro quality. Pastis is greatLovely and delicious bread pudding.  Nice ambience at bar.  Felt a little rushy rushy near closing with that hurry up and pay feeling. Bartender nice kid.  Had a chartruese martini which was at 12.00 not that palatable. Would have rather have just had it on the rocks as it was a fairly big martinin and i left most of it there.Went here with my mother & boyfriend a few weeks back - this time for dinner. The hostess made us wait by the door for an awkward 4 - 5 mins to wait for our table. Aside from the fact it was uncomfortable, one of our group uses a cane and can't stand for long periods of time. When I asked the hostess to seat us again, she said she was waiting to give us tabe that was currently occupied for four individuals still drinking their after dinner wine. Not sure what the hostess was thinking.  A second later our waiter seats us upstairs. 
I order a duck salad, my boyfriend orders a caesar salad and my mom orders a salad as well. My duck was basically all fat and looked far from appetizing. The other meals were mediocre and the caesar salad tasted off. 
Our waiter was friendly but when we left we received no thank yous or goodbyes. Waste of money and time.Went here prior to a show so we had the Pre-Theatre menu for $29.  My friend and I were seated upstairs at a table overlooking the restaurant.  Good view for people watching and since we were in the corner, we didn't feel too surrounded.  I had the salad, 10 oz striploin (comes out already sliced and mine was perfectly medium rare) and pot de crème to finish.  Dinner was good and right next to the theater.  So if you're seeing a show?  Try dinner here!I really enjoy this restaurant. I have been here for restaurant week and have eaten off of the prix-fixe menu & it was delicious. 
I returned after visiting the convention center and had an equally great visit as before. The escargot is a must get! They are cooked perfectly, the sauce is perfect & the combination of puff pastry, tomatoes, sauce & escargot combined creates absolutely perfect dish. 
The service is friendly, the decor is very comfortable and gives off a Cafe vibe that you want in a French restaurant. 
Depending when you visit, you may want to make a reservation. Seating fills up fast on certain days/times. When we first arrived, the server was extremely attentive, but as the tables filled up, she seemed to be really busy and it took a while to get the check at the end of the meal.Well, I went back for sure, and this time was a bit disappointed in the attitude of the staff. When I came in I immediately felt the disapproving eyes of servers who were wary of me. As I've often pointed out this usually comes from how I appear (casually dressed) or from the fact that they don't want to serve a table of one.
I was seated upstairs and a blonde waitress with glasses passed me by numerous times before finally saying "I'll be right with you!" It was obviously her section, but then a male waiter who seemed to keep coming upstairs from down in his own section for no reason but to wait on *me* served me for the remainder of the night.
However even though he did, she kept stopping to inquire about how things were going, to the point where both of them were doing it and it got kind of annoying. At one point he set down my entree and no more than twenty seconds after he walked away she appeared: "How is everything so far?" "Uh, he *just* set it down..." I replied.
The bottom line was that her section was not that busy really, so I get the impression that she didn't want to be bothered to deal with a one-top. Kind of insulting.Happy hour! $5-6 ddrinks... I ordered their french only soup and it was delicious!  Perfect for the cold weather.. Sat next to the window enjoying my soup and wine.. and it was perfect... only downer was that the service was slow... Server didnt come back to let me know it was last call and never really checked on me... nonetheless, if in town, I would return for their french onion soup..Sometimes when I want to get a drink with 6 friends on a Friday night, and I want to sit a long table and hear all conversation over mellow jazz tunes, I go to the Caribou Cafe.
The beer selection is surprisingly comprehensive. That the staff is amenable to putting together tables for absurdly large parties of 6 is even more laudable. Oh, and that coffee with amaretto you ordered? If you're lucky, it'll come with an extra shot...in a liquor glass. 
The interior is light wood and candle lit. You feel as though you're grabbing a drink with your oh-so-classy Colorado skiing amis in a cottage 5280 feet above sea level.Reservation was 2hrs before show time.  We were promptly seated but everything went downhill from there.  Paid for the Theater Price Fixe menu which included a dessert which never arrived because the service was sooo slow.  My steak was supposed to be medium (pink) but was bloody rare.  Waiter was inattentive and terrible.  We had to demand our check so we would not miss the opening act.  The waiter didn't even have the decency to bring us the check himself, he gutlessly pawned it off on a waiter who had just started at the restaurant.  Needless to say, I will not be back.Last night we went out lookig for a restaurant and found Caribou Cafe and we are glad we did. The french bistro is excellent... friendly staff, great food and nice atmosphere. We ate the bistek frite chef cut and it was so good. We also had a salad  which had a mustard sauce which was also yummy and ofcourse the bread at the beginning with the looks like home made salted butter was good as well. Will probrably go back.Oh no no, their french toast was so revolting. I still can't forgive this place because since this place, I quit ordering French Toast ever again anywhere.Two hungry people looking for a quick lite lunch, we find this busy small place near our hotel. The decor is euro style cafe. The menu is very short which, probably, leaves them to concentrate the kitchen on a few dishes and render them well. Our choices of the onion soup and the spinach salad were excellent. Presented in eye appealing style these choices were as good as we have had at so many other restaurants.
Caribou Cafe was a treat for us and we would return again with pleasure.A beautiful euro-cafe style bar in the heart of center city. I met a friend from college here while back in Philly visiting and really enjoyed it. We only had drinks so I can't speak to the food at all. Decor is tasteful and beautiful, you really could be in Vienna if everyone there wasn't speaking English. 
The beer selection was great with a lot of European offerings on tap and bottles, a huge win for anyone who wants a little fix of euro-travel without the flight. They also have pretzels at the bar to snack on, awesome! The bartender was friendly and helpful without hovering and was always quick to refill my water. 
I'd definitely come back to try out the food.The food here was very bland and just not very good overall. The atmosphere is pretty neat but would not recommend if you're looking for good food. 
I do recommend the escargotThis place was disappointing, to say the least.
A couple of friends and I were in Philly for the Roots Picnic a couple of weeks ago and wandered into this place for breakfast before the concert. You know when you're pretty hungry and pumped for the day ahead and want something fabulous to eat as your first meal? Well all that was shattered by coming here.
The place was pretty much empty when we came in which is FINE but apparently that didn't mean much to the chef. We all ordered egg-breakfast meals and literally waited over an hour for food. WHAT. Quiche is already made and just needs to be re-heated (let's be real); Eggs benedict and an omelette don't take THAAAAAT much time to whip up either. Can you please explain what the damn problem was.
Not aii. AND we were on our way somewhere.....I can't tell you how frustrated we were. Our waiter joked at one point that we can go back in the kitchen to complain to the chef and my girlfriend was like "I WILL DO IT" as she started to stand up. It was so bad we were about to tell him to wrap up our food as he came out with the plates. Instead we just asked for the bill asap as we scarfed down our food (which was mediocre, really) and vowed to never come back here. 
Save your appetite and your lifespan.
Eat well, kids.I love the look of this place. Super cute. Food is only ok, drinks are ok, but I think it's worth a look if you are in the mood for a Parisian bistro style restaurant and are in that neighborhood... Sometimes one just wants a different style, somewhat classy (Parisian bistro style) place that isn't terribly expensive and isn't a gastropub. For sure it's not the best (e.g. the Croque Monsieur was a bit lacking - not even close to the high quality ingredient one I often get at Cafe L'aube, but then again, not many dinner/late night places have this type of sandwich, so what can you do?), but there isn't a whole lot of competition in the area.Pfffft. This place sucked. 
The inside was small and tight. Menu was limited and nothing really appealed. Very pricey too. The only saving grace was the beer selection, which was conveniently priced at 8 dollars a beer. I won't be going back.3.5 stars.
I've actually been here twice now. This time I came between lunch and dinner so I got the short menu. Marissa was right about this being a meat lovers paradise. It was my fortune to discover that Caribou had what was a very tasty burger served with their version of fries and a small mixed greens salad. The burger came topped with carmelized onions and gruyere(which I had heard of but never had) and a tomato remoulade. It sounded a little weird, but holy mother of god was it good. If I hadn't been in public I would have made mmm mmm sounds. The fries were crisp and very tasty. I'm afraid to ask what kind of batter they were fried in because I"m sure it will add to my plaques(the ones on my arteries, not the walls). The salad was tasty though I"m not sure what the house dressing was exactly. 
My waiter/bartender was fairly attentive given that he was the only person for a rapidly expanding group of people, including a woman with a blue mohawk. I haven't seen hair like that since the early 80's. Anyone for a screening of Valley Girl or Repo Man? Good, bad movies, with some really good songs.
Back from the time warp. My only gripes were that it took a while to get my food once it was ordered. I'm pretty sure there are no cattle pens in the back, so they don't have that excuse. That and I hate getting charged for refills on soda when I"m paying good money for lunch/dinner=linner.I passed by here on my way to the convention center. The Chimay sign hanging on the outside of this bistro caught my eye. (I adore Chimay beer.) So I returned in the evening for a meal. It was excellent.
Bread: looks bland but is just right.
Beers: great selection, not too pricey for imports.
Steak: the onglet is delicious.
Fries: I was initially scared because they looked like Burger King fries (that weird, bubbly, crispy exterior) but they were good. Not excellent, but good.
Creme Brulee: very good creme but too cold (it was delivered within about 2 minutes of ordering, so it didn't have enough time to warm to room temp).
Our waitress was wonderful. I like the decor and the bathroom was really nice. Definitely go. It's worth the price (which is reasonable for the quality).Caribou cafe is one of my favorite restaurants. I have been there countless times. I just took my boyfriend and sister. Both were please with the cheese plate, special salad with scallops and lemon vinaigrette, roasted chicken.Very French brasserie on lower Walnut.  Will usually get varying reports on food and service ranging 3 to 10.  We've been lucky enough.  Most al day items such as eggs Benedict and juicy burger have been stellar on the occasions that we ordered them.  One patron swears that the burger is made from the legendary Charolais beef from the Burgundy region of France but management makes no such claim and I doubt it.  Cheval burger emphasizes the French owner's traditional roots.Two of us went for a pre-theater meal on Saturday night. We probably should have known better. When we were seated at 6:15, we told our server that we needed to be finished by 7:30. He said that would be no problem at all. Just to be sure, we only ordered a main course. I ordered steak frites, substituting salad for the frites. I paid the upcharge for the ribeye ($34). At 7:00 our plates arrived. The cassoulet was fine. The side dish ($6.50) of haricots vert was soggy and overcooked. My steak, however, was poorly executed. In fact, I can't remember the last time I was served such an unprofessional dish. The steak was not the ribeye - or if it was, it was the thinnest, stringiest one I have ever seen. The edges were inedibly charred and it was covered in salt, known on the menu as a shallot sauce. My salad was served on the same plate, and apparently dressed in the same salt. At 7:20, we asked for one espresso, one coffee, and one dessert menu. At 7:30, one espresso and one cappuccino arrived. We asked for the check. At 7:35, the check arrived. Dessert menu never arrived. At 7:45 we took our credit card to the bar and asked the bartender to ring it up for us. Go to Parc instead. You'll have better food and more pleasant service for the same price.Very very good. People very nice here. C'est très bon, un ptit de France à Philadephia. Prix très correct. Il y a même du Ricard (only frenchy can understand!).I am hoping to eat at the Caribou but am waiting to see if they pay a cook who worked a day there, probably filling in for an absent employee.  I won't say any names on line.  I doubt the owner will bother to pay him because he is quite young and African American.  It's a shame that slave labor still exists.I went here with a friend for the food happy hour special. I was quite disappointed. Sliders were $3 each, but the bread tasted stale. The meat lacked consistent flavor as well. The pizza was decent though! 
The service was okay. We had several waiters switching places to serve us, which became confusing. I feel that this restaurant has a lot of potential, but did not live up to it.Went for a late lunch w/ the wife,  nice looking place with an even nicer beer selection.  The food was very good but options were slightly limited.  The staff was very friendly and service was very good,  would def. return.  I would say it's not five star wow,  but certainly good enough for four stars.The food and service was great until i received the bill. The waiter charged for the wrong bottle of champagne. We asked for the $55 bottle and charged for $105 bottle. When the manager Brian was notified, he came back to our table and asked what the problem was. He was very confrontational and it was obvious he was blaming us and not the waiter for the miscommunication. The manager then came back with the waiter less than 5 mins later and again proceeded to scold us for not double checking. The waiter never even showed us the bottle when he delivered it and in fact uncorked it away from our table. There was no way for us to know it was the bottle of champagne we ordered because the first time we got the bottle it was already being poured in our glass. My boyfriend and I were celebrating a special night and this experience turned us off and we will not be returning.Awesome place to come for a great drink after work. Went yesterday and the foods great and the guy bartender was awesome. Best Caesar salad I've ever had.I think this place is very cute and I will definitely return - although coming here to often will probably break the bank (at least my bank). I ordered the croque madame, which was very tasty. Although I was puzzled why the egg was on the outside of the sandwich as opposed to the inside. My boyfriend had the special which included a salad and a lamb dish. I thought the lamb was a bit on the dry side, but it was easy to overlook because the rest of the food was incredibly tasty.I was in Philadelphia on business, and my coworkers and I looked up another restaurant on Yelp, but there was a wait.  So walking around we passed Caribou Cafe and were seated with no waiting.
The atmosphere was quiet and intimate, but there was also space for a larger party.  We were in the mood for a nice slow meal, and our waiter was not bothersome, but around when we needed him.
The food was very good - the beouf bourgingon was excellent.  I wouldn't recommend cocktails though - the seasonal Chartreuse Royale was terrible.  The selection of beers and wines was large and we found good substitutions.  The cider was delicious.
I would definitely go here again.  It would also be a good place to take a date.Caribou is a prime time people watching location. Sit outside if you have the opportunity. This place is a warm weather kind of venue, good for small groups or a date. Very nice beer and wine selection. My only complaint is that it is pricey in comparison to many other equally appetizing surroundings bars and restaurants. Frenchy feel. Safe bet for a good drink and a swanky feel.http://musingsofafoodaholic.wordpress.com/
It was Mama's birthday on Sunday and the family decided to go to Caribou Café to celebrate her XXth birthday (After a certain age, women of a certain status remain ageless. They do however, still expect elegant gifts).
The suggestion was made by my brother and I have always admired the Parisian style café on the corner of 12 and Walnut for its warm lighting, colorful art décor posters and simple furnishings that was easy on the eyes. Our reservation was promptly confirmed at the door and we were seated shortly upstairs in a corner table.
My eyes lustfully wandered over the menu, so many choices, so little stomach space. I had already regretted eating that horrible spinach and cheese crepe at IKEA earlier. I really need to learn how to say no.
An aperitif to simulate my appetite, I order the Doubonnet fortified wine ($8), its light sweet taste reminding me of a good port and got me pondering whether to start with the cheese plate ($16 for 4 cheese) or the pâté du jour ($9.50). In the end, the choice was obvious. I got both. Stop giving me that you-are-a-fatty-look. I was going to share anyways.
The cheese plate was simple and to the point with a selection of cheeses that allowed us to sample a range of taste from sharp to creamy. The homemade pâté was a compliment and had a rough unprocessed texture which was nice because it differed from the usually smooth paste of the store bought version. The taste of the pâté was not overpowering and went well with the balsamic side salad that it was served with.
As lovely as the pâté was, what I really should have ordered was the rillettes de saumon ($10). The fresh salmon terrine along with the translucent thin cool cucumber slices was a joy to the palate. The dish's elegant presentation coupled with its slight savory flavor set off my meal to an amazing start.
Sadly, our smooth flavorful journey stumbled on a rock with our main course the onglet a l'echalote ($22). The sliced beef fillet served medium, at the suggestion of the server, with shallot sauce was bland at best, even though I did enjoy the crispy fries it was served with. Ah well, cest la vie, you can't win them all.
As I finished off my last mouthful of beef, I rushed to look at the menu again because what French meal is complete without dessert. I contemplated/struggled between the chocolate mousse ($7) and crepe bretonne ($6.50) before settling on the lighter of the two. The thin salty-sweet sugary treat really hit the spot and slowly sent me off into a blissful satisfied food coma.
Dear Caribou Café,
I know your waitress can't really pronounce anything on the menu but I was really like her to at least try.
Xoxo
MOAF
Overall rating: 4.5/5