Sooooo great!
I would have ranked it 5 stars but my husband said his was only ok, but he might have been expecting more from the hype, including the Prez Obama photo posted. 
Back to me, I loved it.  I recommend the Franklin, it has Philadelphia cream cheese and regular cheese.  I'll ask for extra onions and mushrooms next time because I like my food loaded.
Note of caution, the line gets long and as every sandwich is made to order, it takes a long time.  
The guy who took the order was very funny and made me smile after a 40+ min wait.
One day left in philly, pretty sure I'm going back here.I generally prefer the hoagies here, but decided to try the Philly Cheesesteak this weekend.  The stand in the Reading Terminal has the working class Philadelphia vibe.I wish they would serve fries or something else with the sandwich.  I had the Classic Cheesesteak, and they offered all kinds of toppings.  The sandwich was very good, but certainly not in the class of Pat's or the big name places that Philadelphia is known for.  Still if you visit Carmen's you will not be disappointed.Not impressed.  I just paid $20 for two smaller sized sandwiches.  There is definitely not enough filling in these to make it worthwhile.  I ordered a turkey hoagie with NO lettuce and extra mayo.  I got NO onion and barely any mayo.  Not a big deal, but when you have your mouth set on something and you pay $10+ for it, you want what you ordered.  There are definitely better places to get a hoagie.I first heard about Carmen's is located in Reading Terminal Market because it had been voted as having one of the best Italian hoagies in the city so I had to try it. I went here after lunch hours in the early afternoon and it was still crowded. The guy who took my order was really nice and made good suggestions to my sandwich. The Italian hoagie was really good, maybe not the best in Philly but still good. Meat was tender and a good portion and the bread was pretty soft too. I look forward to trying the cheesesteaks here.Very good cheesesteak. The wait was about 30 minutes but worth it. I have Dalessandro's rated a little bit better just because of the flavor of the cheesesteak itself but you can't go wrong with Carmen's.I had jury duty in the area and decided to kill some time in Reading Terminal for lunch. I did several loops of indecision until I decided to follow in the steps of President Obama and order a cheesesteak at Carmen's.
I waited in line for almost an hour and thanked God every time someone gave up and exited the line. I'll admit there were moments I almost exited myself because my lunch break was concluding and I was worried I wouldn't even have a chance to eat the sandwich once paid for. However truth be told, I consumed that sandwich in under 5 minutes because it was THAT good.
I don't care that I was sitting in a room full of civilians with steak juices running down my arms when they called out my juror number - I was in heaven.Carmen's is a Philly staple and a top recommendation for any out of towners looking for a great hoagie or cheesesteak.
When working in Reading Terminal Market I was able to make friends with two of the workers who also were direct descendants of the owners. I love that Carmen's is still a family owned business in the city.
The hoagies at Carmen's are truly some of the best I've ever had in the city. It's no wonder why one of the most popular food tours in the city samples their Italian hoagie and Cheese hoagie. My personal favorite is the Italian hoagie (and I'm usually not even a fan of Italian meats)! The bread is delicious and they really pile on the meat and cheeses. 
The cheesesteaks are absolutely delicious and are mountains above some of the other Philly "staples" like Pats, Geno's and Jims. My favorite is the chicken cheesesteak with grilled sweet peppers, mayo and sharp provolone. It's worth the 5 pounds you'll gain afterwards.
The staff is friendly and their trademark is giving a playing card matched to your order. If you're visiting the Philly or a local in the area, I'd definitely stop by and treat yourself to a one-of-a-kind hoagie.The line was pretty long even on a saturday around 5ish. It was like half hour before closing time. The price of the cheese steak was expensive. Like 11 bucks for a cheese steak. But if you ask me if it is worth it, Nope.  I'll prob wont be a repeat visitor. There are so many different cheese steak places that have better quality and more reasonable.Carmens was some of the best cheese steaks I had while visiting Philly. I came back multiple times after trying other places but this was my favorite I love the Ben Franklin with cream cheese it was perfect. Expect a bit of a wait as they make it front of you but it's def worth the wait.I don't know about the food, but the service is terrible. I was running late for my bus back home, and rushed to this place for a taste of hoagies. I pleaded the lady there to speed up, but was declined out of "other people are also rushing up for their trains etc" too. She definitely showed no sympathy for her customers. What's more, it appeared that she did not speed up, or even slowed down, by put three tomato slices over a hoagie for more than one and a half minute. My trip to Philly had been perfect, but this event made my last memory of the city aweful.Having stumbled upon this gem at Reading Terminal Market I can't say enough good things about it.  The lines were challenging, as we came during lunch, but the long wait was more than worth it for the cheesesteaks. The order taking was detailed- don't worry about ordering the wrong sandwich or getting something you don't like on it.  They guide you through the choices- cheer wiz, provolone, a variety of peppers, onions and mushrooms, mayo or even broccoli rabe.  You get to collect your order with a playing card on the other side of the counter.  Staff is friendly and keep you happy and entertained as you watch them make your sandwich.  I had the Meat Lovers- with pepperoni and bacon.  BEST cheesesteak I have had in my life.  Smoky, cheesy and the bun stayed fresh and not soggy.  Also tried the Ben Franklin- with American and cream cheese.  Was delicious!  And you can go wrong with the original cheesesteak.  Meat is cooked to perfection, seasoned perfectly and melts in your mouth.  Stands on its own plain.  
Run.  Don't walk to this place.  It will be well worth your time.  Don't be scared by the wait.  It goes quick and your mouth will thank you.  Simply, the best I've ever had.Went here because our normal once a year philly cheesesteak place went out of business. There was some lady ordering 50 or so cheesesteaks and giving the workers here a run for their money which lead to some problems. I ordered a Plain with ketchup and mustard and just got a plain.. and it took about 30 minutes total from line to getting my sandwich because of this arrogant customer that was giving this business problems. I found some ketchup from where the wife got her meal and we couldn't find a seat to eat so we ate in our car. Guess thats what we get for going on a Friday at 2pm.Is it the best cheesesteak in the city? Maybe. I can't tell because I don't think I ever had one in Philadelphia that I didn't like. 
Is it worth the line? Yes and no. Yes if it's moving smoothly like a machine and you're not too hungry (I came just after scarfing two Federal Donuts). No if there's someone in front of you that decides to order everything and the kitchen sink.
Price-wise: $7 basic, 75 cent extra ingredients. Since I'm from NY, this isn't egregious, but probably cheaper options.
Get one to go, grab a beer somewhere and enjoy.Yum yum yum! 
My first Philly Cheesesteak and a delicious one. 
Highlights: 
- stood in line for 20 min on a Saturday lunch hour and yet the men managing the grill made it entertaining by flipping their spatulas and food around occasionally. It was a fun wait. 
- cashier was super sweet and personable. I expected her to rush me by because of the line but we joked and swapped a story about being lactose intolerant and eating cheese anyways.  Great service!I don't know how Carmen's compares to other cheesesteak places, but I do know that mine was great!  I also know that the people were great, friendly, interactive - and the card idea?!  Brilliant!  Bravo!  Thanks for a great Philly Cheesesteak experience!Longest line ever but that says a lot in Itself!! Never had a real cheesesteak so yeah needless to say, amazingI think Carmen's has become my favorite (or one of my favorite cheesesteak joints) inside the city! I came around 1pm and there was a huge line wrapped around the stand. It was not an easy or quick wait, so beware! My partner is a native Philadelphian and he has less patience for lines and was extremely grumpy to be waiting for a hoagie. Anyways! we both ended up ordering a classic philadelphian, which comes with cheese whiz, steak, onions and red peppers (sweet and spicy,) and mushroom. I added extra american cheese! AND MINE came out perfect! so juicy and delightful.
will take all my out-of-towner friends here. they can munch on carmen's then fill up with donuts and other goodies. 
they'll just probably have to be rolled back home though!Best cheesesteaks we have tried. We were on vacation and tried some other famous locations, but Carmen's were the best! We got the cheesesteak with cream cheese on it. They come out extremely hot, juicy, creamy and tons of flavor. The long gets long during lunch and you may have to wait a while. We came here three times while on vacation.Carmen's was the most popular stand in Reading Terminal Market. The waiting line was constantly long and even President Obama was a guest there before! However, after having a Philly cheesesteak there, either I didn't get the deal behind Philly cheesesteak or Carmen's Philly cheesesteak was simply mediocre.
My order of classic cheesesteak was packed with meat, which was a godsend for a meat lover like me! It was nice that the meat was freshly cooked on the spot too. Yet, I honestly cannot find out why people are raving about Carmen's or even Philly cheesesteak itself.
This was my first and only cheesesteak, so judging from simply the sandwich on its own, Carmen's classic cheesesteak is rather decent. It's not that bad, but it isn't something that I would go out of my way to go to Reading Terminal and wait in line to buy again.I had high hopes for the best Philly cheesesteak and my expectations were not met. So let me explain......it wasn't that the cheesesteak wasn't good but it wasn't the best I've ever had. Being a Buffalo native and being that we are know for Buffalo wings I know that we live up to the hype. Now there are some places that have better wings than others but overall you can get a good chicken wing in Buffalo just about anywhere you go. With that being said the cheesesteak I had her wasn't better than ones I've had at home. I will say that they had a good quality of meat and cheese but it was definitely missing something.This market is very diverse and offers a great selection of food and culture simultaneously. Ordered a vegetarian cheesesteak that had wheat protein and looked exactly like meat so you get to join in the fun. It was heavy, and be sure to add extra hot sauce if you like spicier food.Greatly disappointed. Heard good things about Carmen's so decided to try out their Italian hoagie and it wasn't anywhere near as good as I thought it would be. First, the long roll is dry and flavorless. The filling was extremely light, so much so I thought they forgot to put cheese on my hoagie until I finally tasted it a quarter of the way into the sandwich. I was told they would put prosciutto and pepperoni on my sandwich, they did not. You're better off getting a hoagie from Wawa or Subway, quite honestly. The roll and light filling is comparable but they've never messed my order up as much as Carmen's did.These are by far the best cheesesteak sandwiches you will have in Philly. It might not look like much, but don't let that deceive you it is worth every penny.Where shall I begin my story? It was my last day in town and I had to test out a Philadelphia cheesesteak. My visit wouldn't feel complete without trying a Philadelphia cheesesteak. It simply wouldn't have meaning without a cheesesteak! I checked out the Reading Terminal Market in hopes to eat a cheesesteak. I examined a line at this place and that's always a good sign indicating it would be worth the experience. I waited patiently until I heard the announcement that the market was closing. I begin to feel anxious because my stomach is rumbling and I waited on line for 30 minutes. I begin to draw closer to ordering when someone announces there's only 4 more hoagies left. Glad I made the cut. I was relieved. I felt so lucky. I ordered and I felt happy. Customer service was superb. When I took my first bite I said to myself " ah that's legit " juicy, cheesy ah so amazing.Went here for the second time, by recommendation I tried the Franklin and added the hottest hot peppers they had, hope you like heat! Made for a really dynamic Philly cheese steak.Great hoagies, and a GREAT cheesesteak. And although this is NOT purely a cheesesteak establishment, they can sure dish a great one out!!! Definitely would go back!Wish I could give this place negative stars. Went there today to take a friend for a real Philly cheesesteak because there used to be a geno's inside the market a long time ago.(at least I think it was geno's but I know they had real ribeye) I knew it was going to be bad once they started charging for every single item like peppers and onions separately and charging for hot peppers. Most people know these are a given at the best places! It just got worse once I saw them pull a frozen block of what resembled meat out of a box. Can you say steak umm? Gross! So I paid 10 bucks for a steak umm sandwich with about 5 banana peppers that I paid 75 cents for and mushrooms I didn't ask for. There wasn't even enough meat on the sandwich either.it was like eating a bread sandwich. Had to beg for ketchup and then asked for hot sauce. The girl said in a nasty tone that hot sauce ws extra!! Are you kidding me? I was in shock. She went on to say she doesn't make the rules in a nasty voice! Unreal! SHe's lucky I didn't throw it t her! Horrible service,horrible value horrible sandwich! This place is a real ripoff for tourists who don't know what a real cheesesteak is!My first trip back to Philadelphia from NYC a couple of years ago I asked the hotel bellman where to get the best cheese steak and this is where he sent me and he was right! It's tradition now to make my first stop here for one with pepperoni, onions, provolone, and a smear of mayo which always gets a look. LoL. The staff is friendly and it's in the fabby frenetic Redding Market Terminal. They do have hoagies and veggie sandwiches.So, this was my first ever cheesesteak, so I don't have much to compare it to, but my expectations were low. I was expecting a pretty dull meat covered in cheese. But, I ordered the kamikaze and it was spicy and delicious. The bread was perfect and sauce, it was juicy, and I was converted right there on the spot. Or maybe I was so ravenous after a one hour wait in line. Dunno, but I'd eat it again and again. The staff were really friendly, too.So heres the thing, the cheesesteak is pretty damn good no question. But is it better than Pats? Hmm thats a tough call. And i know people will say ohh pats is touristy, but i say man its a cheesesteak its not a delicacy. 
So we went at around 430 on a saturday and the wait was about 35 mins. They have lots of options to choose from but i went with the classic. Bread was soft the steak was tasty roasted peppers and mushrooms on mine. It was damn good. But at the same time i could have pats and be just as satisfied. Also pats definitely gives more meat but also cost about 2-3 bucks more. Id say if youre in the reading market then hell yea definitely check this spot out. But would this be on a must must try? Hmm prob not. Especially with so many cheesesteak spots around. Take it for what it is. Friendly people and its made to order so its piping hot when done. That being said id go back for sure.Had to do Chili Cheese Steaks, and this was the place we chose.  My boy loved his!  Truly authentic, and in a classic location!Philadelphia
Located within the Reading Terminal Market, lines can be long during peak lunch time hours and unbearable if there happens to be a convention being held right next door.
With that said, Carmen's has some very tasty sandwiches ("hoagies") and a large part of the taste factor is the fresh baked bread they use.  I believe the bread cartons I saw said "Locasio".  
And yes, while in Philly, I'm going to order a cheesesteak hoagie.  Skip the whiz and get the provolone.  It'll set you back a little more than $8, more if you ask for additional condiments.  
Read the large menu on the wall for their price list.  The women in front of me said yes to every option the owner rattled off yet was surprised when her fully loaded cheesesteak cost $12. 
The sandwich was far better tasting than than Geno's or Pat's and certainly better than any cheesesteak from any vendor pushcart located throughout Philly.  The bread is a big factor in that.
Are there better tasting places to eat in the food court?  Yes, there are a few, but those lines are even more ridiculous.  The line at Carmen's moves fairly quick.
Cheers!
N.Long wait at Reading Terminal but worth it. Yummy steak with peppers and onions. (Not a cheese person here) the bread was very tasty. If you're in Philadelphia this is a fun and delicious place for lunch. We were served by the owner and had fun talking with him. The onions and peppers and steak were seasoned perfectly. Eat here!What is so famous about these hoagies and cheesesteaks???  Is it that they are the skimpiest in size and fillings that I've ever eaten in Philadelphia?  Is it that they're priced higher than most other places?  Or is it that they taste like something a restaurant in California would call a Philadelphia hoagie or cheesesteak and make for their calorie conscious clientele??Simple review - rip off. 
Complex review - they put a small amount of poor quality ingredients in a substandard roll and charge tourists $12 for a cheese steak!  I ordered an Italian cheesesteak with broccoli rabe and sharp provolone from a rude person. When it arrived I couldn't believe how small it was. It hardly had any broccoli rabe in it and they over cooked it so that the sharp provolone disintegrated. The roll had the consistency of a hot dog roll. Shame shame shame on you for serving this garbage to tourists at such a high prices and ruining the one good food the city is known for.Waited in line to try out the cheese steak sandwich 
That president Obama ate here in past. I was here a few days ago and they ran out of food. Today they had food. It was great with mushrooms and cheese.I cannot believe the level of disrespect with which my husband and I were treated and not just by the owner but by his snotty daughter. First off... who in the world does not take credit/debit cards in this century?
While ordering the owner cut my husband off each time he tried to speak and then got upset when the order ended up being wrong because of it. Shortly after we ordered, he left and his daughter replaced him at the register.  They were taking a very long time so I asked about our food. The person behind us in line received their food first. In a very condescending way she said "it's coming don't worry" and as if I were in kindergarten she proceeded to explain why. O couldn't believe it.  Really folks?Special Italian hoagie. It was awesome!  Just the right balance of meat to cheese to bread to veg. I want to eat another one!I purchased two different hoagies today and was very disappointed with the both of them...the Italian hoagie didnt have the meats in there that he told me that would be in there,I told him no tomatoes and he put them in anyway,I also got a ham and cheese hoagie and it was a one layer of lettuce on bottom and very little tomato and onion that you didnt really taste it...both the hoagies were very skimpy,not full like most places...very disappointed with this place...also i asked for mayo and dont think he put mayo on it,it was very dry...Okay I was in philly for a long weekend and pretty much had a cheesesteak everyday! I was on a mission to find the best and this was by far the best. 
Before even mentioning food let me tell you the customer service is awesome! Yes their lines are crazy long but that's not their fault the food is awesome! Worth waiting on line!! The workers were so willing to help with anything you could possibly imagine. The cashiers (was a young gentleman at the time) was so helpful on what comes with each sandwich. 
I got a mushroom cheesesteak with BBQ sauce!! Omg I'm drooling just thinking about it. There are three kinds of sauces to choose from and they cook the steak with the sauce. Really makes a huge difference. 
My boyfriend got s chicken parm sandwich and he loved it. He wanted a second!
Cheers to Carmens! It is the best!a classic in philly. the line was pretty long, so don't come here if your'e dying of hunger and need a quick fix. still it's well worth the wait. i went cheese steak with whiz. my girlfriend had one with mushrooms and provolone. we both were fans, but to be honest, i wasn't amazingly  overwhelmed, hence 4 stars. worth the visit for the indoor market/delis period.I stopped by Carmens when I was looking to get a cheesesteak while I was in Philadelphia visiting. The line was long, but that can be as expected since it is located within Reading Terminal.
I got a cheesesteak with wiz, onions, and sweet peppers. It was fat and filling, and the meat was tender. It can't get anymore complicated than that. I would recommend if you want to have a cheesesteak.I was born and raised on hoagies and cheesesteak and let me tell you this is the real macoy, Carmen and his crew runs that joint like a well oiled machine, long line short wait and the both my hogie and my 22 year old hot model girlfriend from Holland cheesesteak was outstanding, she really don't eat much and never had one in her life,she ate 2 wit wiz and extra onions and took on to go for a snack later that night,she is such a fan that she made me buy her a carmens tee shirt and she wore it that night back at the hotel, with matching underwear :) she is a real fan of this place and every time we go to philly that's the first stop....So, I gotta say, not a huge fan. The cheesesteak itself was okay, bit on the small side compared to other places, and the line / wait was way too long.Because of the Marathon I knew I couldn't get over to south street for Jim's cheesesteak. So I opted for Carmen's because it was the closest place to my hotel. I had been to reading terminal market the day before & couldn't get over how long the line was so I thought it had to be good! Yeah no. It's more hype than anything else. Honestly the cheesesteak was anemic in flavor. I asked for cheez whiz on it & barely got any. The steak itself was bland even with the addition of mushrooms & peppers which by the way were almost nonexistent. The bread was fresh & warm. Service was quick & friendly. No place to sit. Had to take it to go & sit in back of terminal market.  I ate half, picked at the bread on the other half & called it quits. I should've waited until the roads were open to go to Jim's. Lesson learned.These cheese steak sandwich I give it a 3 maybe a 3 1/2. Service 2.
Be ready to wait a long time for your order. They seem to have been running out of things, even ice for the flat warm soda fountain when I got there at 4:30pm. I'm a person that don't ask for a lot. If there is a problem then fix it or give me back my $. Just don't keep me waiting or ignore me. Could have let me know at the begining when I was ordering. In the end I got my $ back for the soda but ended up eating with out a cold beverage. 
I guess I have to be Obama to get real good quality service.The staff is very nice so it hurts me to rate them so poorly. But just in terms of food I would rate the cheesesteak 1 star. Its pretty small for the price but more than the size, my problem is with the flavor. It just doesnt taste good. It was lacking in rich flavor and they didnt use much cheese either. Definitely lacking something in the flavor department for sure. Sad I wasted a meal here. 
I'm not sure why theres a hype and how it got good ratings... I would recommend trying a different cheesesteak elsewhere.Stopped by here around 5 pm and didn't realize the Terminal closed at 6 pm.  I wasn't able to get a cheesesteak at Dinic's to do a taste comparison, but was able to get one here.  I enjoyed it, but since someone else ordered it for me, it was missing cheese.  I'll want to have sweet peppers and cheese the next time I order one from here.This was not on my list of cheesesteak places to try, but so glad I found it. From start to finish, the experience was second only to the taste of the food. Will definitely come back.This place changed the perception I had of cheese steaks. I thought it was overated but the cheesteak I had at Carmine's was amazing.decided to get both the cheesesteak sandiwch and hoagies sandwich. both were very good. base price for both sandwiches were around $8-$9. When taking orders for the sandwiches, they were very detailed when asking the customer what ingredients they wanted into the sandwich.Wonderful experience - loved the chicken cheesesteak, and the staff were hilarious. I'm assuming it was the owner who took our order and he was very sweet and attentive, and kept checking in with us to make sure we liked our food. (Side note, I had taken my coworker to pats a few days earlier and she had not liked it, and she was so happy that this redeemed her "philly cheesesteak" experience!!) will definitely go back!! Great food and people!Nice little spot inside the reading market. The roll was soft and fresh the cheeze wiz was delicious.  They lose one star for the meat to bun ratio. I like a sandwich to be a little heavier.Ordered two Philly cheesesteaks here--one with American and the other with cheese whiz. Both were very good and were made quickly even though it was busy. There isn't a drink variety, just water and diet coke but there are plenty of places in the market to get drinks. There is also limited seating.I was told to stop by Reading Market because it was a cool place and it definitely was. I ended up getting a sandwich to-go from Carmen's because I was craving something cooler on a hot day. The employees here were all extremely friendly and made stopping here an enjoyable experience.
I'm a vegetarian so I went for their Veggie Hoagie. Everything about it sounded amazing and honestly, if I ate it there it probably would've been great. Unfortunately, it didn't travel well and kind of fell apart by the time I got the chance to eat it. The ingredients were all fresh and good though so if I was in the area I'd definitely give Carmen's a second chance.I was in Philly over might and thought I would attack Reading Terminal Market. I saw this place and a buffalo chickencheese steak sounded good. Got one and took it back to my hotel. Out was at best average. Combine that with slightly rude service, and it was a disappointment.Love this place! The cheesesteaks were amazing. I went on a weekend so it was really crowded but totally worth the wait. The service was good and quick. All the servers have personality...it was awesome.Me on my mobility scooter - they couldn't have been nicer.. However, the hoagie was good, but had shredded pizza cheese on it instead of provolone.. ~ $9.50 ~ All in all, the sandwich was good, Primo's is better... I will give it another try... .. I love the Reading Terminal...While my husband was two people ahead of him in line I sat down at the bar. I was told by the large red head lady running the register that I could not sit down until after I ordered. I got my husband out of line and went to Spataro's and enjoyed a cheesesteak with better customer service.Went there for lunch and the owner recommended the Franklin. I am not a huge fan of American cheese or cream cheese but when in philly, do as they do so I tried it. It was AMAZING. Well seasoned and the cream cheese melted with the American was just fantastic.Better than Pat's or Geno's I think. What makes a good steak sandwich is NOT really the meat or cheese, but the bread. And they use some amazing bread. Not too crunchy on the outside, soft and fluffy on the inside. Get it with provolone and hot peppers and you can't go wrong.sometimes food is redemption from rude/terrible service, but the cheesesteak was mediocre at best, and they forgot my hot peppers. lame. don't waste $10.50.My family and I are big Carmen's fans.  The hoagies are delectable and the service is fast and friendly.Alright, total Midwest girl here writing this review. Carmen's was my first experience with an authentic (I think) cheesesteak in Philadelphia.
Located in the oh-so-awesome Reading Terminal Market, Carmen's is near the front and was apparently a stop for Obama on his Presidential campaign in 2010, which is one reason why I opted for Carmen's rather than the other two-three cheesesteak eateries in the market.
I got the cheesesteak wit whiz, fried onions, pickle, and a little mayo, and was pleased. 
However, note: anything outside of the cheesesteak wit whiz cost extra. The owner/manager/cashier looks you straight in the eye as you're ordering, asks you if you want extra stuff, and by memory, he hits the addition function on the register. I honestly don't know how much each extra cost since I wasn't looking at the register, so be careful! In the end my sandwich was around $12.
There are a few stools around the booth where you can sit. Otherwise, you should go to one of the designated seating areas in the market.
Cool observation: you're given a card from a Star Wars deck of cards while you're waiting for your food.Not sure if Carmen's is the best cheesesteak in Philly but it is the one I was able to try and I was in love with it. I ordered mine with provolone, mushrooms, mayo, onions, and hot pickled peppers and it was out of control delicious. It was so yummy and hot and gooey I had to take one home to CT. I read about how their meat is frozen but it is honestly tasty, so I don't think I care too much.I love this place.  They have a vegan steak sandwich and it tastes good  (it was not on the menu last time I was there - you have to ask for it). 
Only complaint is the long line but it is worth it.I debated the entire time I was in Philly on whether I should eat a cheesesteak - my friends from Philly weren't pushing me to do it - but I bit the bullet and for my last meal decided to get one from Carmen's. What sealed the deal was the picture of Obama ordering from them that they have up by the register.
I ordered a classic cheesesteak and what I liked about the man who took my order was detailed about how my cheesesteak would be composed such as did I want lettuce and tomatoes? did I want peppers and if so did I want sweet, hot or a mixture? I ended up ordering mine with lettuce and tomatoes with a mixture of sweet and hot peppers. To boot the man who took my order called me and other females honey which made me feel like we were already friends. There was also a constant stream of not only tourists but also locals here. They also give you a playing card as your receipt and how your order is called out "Two of hearts!"
Downer is that they only take cash - I was short $2! - and they direct you to an ATM which charges a $2.75 transaction fee, I'd rather give that fee to the business than some sketchy no name machine!
As for my cheesesteak, it was good and composed well, not greasy, not overwhelmed by ingredients and the bread was soft though I should have ordered all hot peppers on my sandwich as I needed more kick. Since I'd never had an official Philly cheesesteak before I wasn't quite sure what I should be looking for however I ate the whole thing! The cheesesteak before tax is a little more than $10 and with tax $11-12 so am not sure if I would order it again. If I were to eat at Carmen's I'd be tempted to try an Italian hoagie which is less expensive at ~$9.Came to Carmen's while on a business trip. Ordered cheesesteak with onion and provolone. Well... the line was long to start, about 15-20 min wait. But I met a Chatty Cathy in line so the wait wasn't bad. When I ordered, the man who was helping me was very nice. I got my sandwich about 10 min later. My bread was soft but the meat is completely unseasoned! No flavor at all but it was juicy. The cheese was sparse which is disappointing. All in all this place came recommended by the hotel concierge but I'm not sure why, it was ok at best.  I wouldn't come back but I can say I have eaten here. This place is much better than Pat and Genos!The classic cheesesteak is where it's at. A little slow, but excellent service and delicious cheesesteaks!Don't be scared of the cream cheese :D haha. GO for it. You won't regret it.  
This was my first time in Philly and I was told you have to check out Reading Terminal Market. While wandering around I saw there was a large line in front of this place and it smelt fantastic.
While waiting in line and drooling over the smell of cheese-steaks, I decided to go with the Franklin + onions. Well damn... it was FANTASTIC. Perfectly cheesy, juicy and full of fat and flavor. If I am ever in Philly again I will definitely get this sandwich again. It was well worth the wait.
The only downfall of this place is waiting and having to deal with watching others eat their cheesesteaks around you, because there is seating near the grill and waiting area section. So warning for those that get hangry, be sure to get in the mindset that you will have to wait at least 30 minutes after you order. 
Also, for Philly the customer service was great. They were pretty polite and double checked to make sure you got the right order. They were also willing  to cut my cheesesteak into fours, so I could share with friends. This place was great. Thanks for letting me have a true philly cheesesteak experience :D.The food. The cheeses steaks, the traditional way with cheese wiz is okay. The meat is a bit on the salty side, the bread is somewhat chewy, and the cheers is plentiful. They priced the cheesesteaks well for being in the great Reading Terminal, but they need a little help with organization. Thankfully we weren't affected, but because of some incorrect counting they ran out of baguettes and the line had to be cut off.
Speed leaves me wanting for sure. The line moved... But it moved very slowly. It took about 15 minutes to get through the line when the other popular cheesesteak places took about five. 
The good thing though is they have glass showing the cooks make the cheesesteaks on the grill, makes me want to get one of those fine pieces of metal for myself at home. If I were already at Reading Terminal and wanted to get a cheesesteak then I'd come back otherwise I'd probably pass on it.Ordering a sandwich in the city is an exercise in discipline and structure. Carmen's at the famous Reading Terminal Market adheres to that ethos. The queue is orderly, and usually exceedingly long. The hot goods, namely the steaks, begin their journey out in the safetyglass-protected grill: beef goes on, gets moved over, welcomes the fixings, meets really fucking tasty Liscio's bread and the rest is what makes it famous. 
Ultimately it's a sanitized version of a city staple, but the service is bright and friendly - never mind that the heft of the end product is dwarfed by its suburban brethren. And there's no Tastykake to wash down the goodness...I will never understand people that go out to eat and not bring enough money...
One of the best tasting things on the planet??? Umm I don't think so...
They fry up some thinly sliced steak and onions...Put some cheese on top till it is almost melted or just put the cheese in the bun...Take your spatula and flip it over putting it in a hoagie bun...the line was long.. I waited about an hour for this freaken sandwich...not worth the wait...I thought the sandwich was pretty mediocre... If you don't complain about your food adventures on yelp are you even yelping right?!?Absolutely worth the 2.5 he drive and moderate line to order.  FRIENDLY service, reasonable food times and good prices.  Absolutely will be back.Had a great hoagie, the special Italian, which had all the meats. The rolls go perfectly with the filling. As I was eating at the counter I could see they do far more Philly cheese steaks. They looked pretty good.Incredible CheeseSteak. Had The Franklin, made it spicy (legit spicy, amazing flavor). The service was solid too. My first official Philly CheeseSteak was epic and was def not disappointed. I highly recommend this place.I was torn as to what I should have for lunch when I was in Reading Terminal Market. Being that I was in Philly I felt I should have a chicken cheesesteak. I definitely made the right choice. Really good bread. The sandwich itself was delicious, however I miss my sandwiches from Hoagie Haven in Princeton NJ.Just got done eating here. Food was amazing and the staff was friendly. It's exactly what a cheesesteak should taste like.One of the best cheese steaks in Philadelphia. I would put it head to head with Jim's. Very conveniently located in the Reading Terminal Market.Great cheesesteak!!! Highly recommended!! The owner is very entertaining to talk to as you eat!!BEST cheesesteak ever!!! I got the Franklin and it was amazing. The guys that run this place are so nice and friendly! If I'm ever back in Philly this place is a must!!!!PROS: Probably the most legit hoagies you can find in Philly.
CONS: The long wait. Close too early at 6. Also be careful don't get stains when eating it since it's too juicy.Come here every time I'm in Philly and it never disappoints. Tried the Franklin, and it was amazing but you have to always have the Classic if trying it for the first time. Fun employees will joke around with you as you order, wait, and eat.Very good Philly sandwich. Only complaint is they put Parmesan cheese on the Italian cheesesteak, but only provolone is listed the menu.  And it is a bit expensive...$28 for two cheesesteaks and two sodas.OMG! So glad we followed the "find the place with the long line of customers and get in line" rule as we were well on our way to starvation by the time we made it to the market and were not in a position to choose from the dozens of vendors at the market. Got in line for this philly cheesesteak and sweet baby jesus!!! delicious sandwiches with plenty of topic options (beware, you must order in a specific order). Cash only so bring some cash, but if you forget, don't worry, you won't have to get back in line, you can go grab your cash and come back to the cashier. A really cool original detail is that they give you a playing card with which you can collect your order. 
BTW, cheez whiz is the way to go with cheesesteaks.Customer service was excellent. The hype. I don't get it. I would rather pay more money for a fatter sandwich. Their method of cooking is good. They use very fine meat and don't really chop it, they just kind of shave it down with the spatula and cook it. Sandwich was just so-so. I guess it's a good sandwich for the terminal area.
Personally I would like a cheesy fatty but not too fat cheesesteak. This isn't that.I had a original cheesesteak with sweet and hot peppers - it was amazing. Seating is obviously very limited because it's in the Reading Terminal Market, but I was fine standing at the counter. I think one cheese steak was around ~$10. The staff was matter of fact but nice and cute. Very busy, but not too bad of a wait for a sandwichCarmen's is hands down the best Cheese-steak in Philly. It is definitely better than Pat's and Gino's. They cook the meat fresh for each cheese-steak. The owner Carmen is at the register, and he is super positive and extremely hospitable. I really really recommend going if you are in Philly.
I ordered the cheese-steak w/ pepperoni and hot peppers. 
Donovan
Los AngelesMajor props for offering a vegetarian cheesesteak. The only place I've found that does it other than Campos, and Carmen's version is better (well seasoned). Yay, I'm not stuck eating a cheese hoagie all the time! They will go through the list of optional toppings. I got sweet and hot peppers, onion and provolone. I might throw in mustard or something next time. They also let me know that they use the meat grill to make the vegetarian cheesesteak, but they clean it off first (which they did, I say a guy rinse it with water and scrape it down), and I was fine with that, but it was nice of them to mention it.
Ordering was quick, but I waited a while for my sandwich. However, they got the whole order perfect, including my bottle of water. You can't really rush a fresh-made cheesesteak, I guess.While visiting Philly, decided to get a cheesesteak. After asking a few locals near our hotel, they recommended Carmen's. It didn't disappoint! Service was fast and friendly. Cheesesteaks were delicious! It is a cash only place, but I was quite pleased with the dining experience.Great experience as you can't leave Philly without having a philly steak and cheese hoagie.Please save yourself time and effort of standing in long line for this overrated cheesesteak place, find other places!!! The service is slow, there is a long line that takes a least 1/2hr to get to order, then another 15mins to get your sandwich. The cheesesteak was flavorless, couldn't taste the beef flavor or cheese whiz at all...worse thing is that I was super hungry, so definitely not your on par cheesesteak place in Philly. At least for Pats or Geno's, service is fast and sandwich was more flavorful.Perfect in every way. The roll, meat, cheese and quick service. 
Awesome! I will be back every time I'm in Philly.Ehhh... it's some hot meat on bread. Do your self a favor and just walk over to cleavers at 108 S 18th St. and enjoy!!So a visiting friend and I were pressed for time and she needing the obligatory Philly Cheesesteak, settled on Carmen's since we were already at the market. Now I usually like to keep my grumblings to myself, but this place was overall bad. It was uber-chaotic with different lines and after standing in the pick up line for 10 mins we finally found our way to the ordering line. Then as we stood in the correct line for another 15 minutes and watched a very disgruntled employee slap some FROZEN meat patties on the grill and sarcastically tell us how much he "loved making cheesesteaks all day" while rolling his eyes. As we finally approached the counter the cashier pretty much put the topping on this whole horrible experience by yelling out " I need to go on break and clean out my cut!". eww, need I say more? I don't even want to know where that cut was. We would have been out of there had she been handling anything more than our money, but by then we had invested almost a half hour and I was grumpy and in desperate need of whiz covered meat. Looking back on it now, after ingesting the sub-par cheesesteak with the heafty side of "tude", I wish we had gorged on amish baked goods instead.The line here was huge, waited almost 30 to 40 minutes to get our number. The owner was really sweet, greeting everyone with a pleasant smile. I tried cheesesteak and a hoagie, both of which were really good and worth the wait. We had a playing card to hold on to until we got the food. The owner made sure we got a seat on the bar while we waited. Would recommend this market and specifically this place to try out cheesesteak and hoagies while in philly.Yes, I am a vegetarian, but when people want a Philly Cheesesteak, I tell them to go to Philly ;-) With that being said, Back in October my sister had a taste for a Philly cheesesteak. Since I was going to Atlantic City, I told her that she can get one in Philly (why not?!?!). I asked someone, and they suggested another place, which I can't remember... I wanted to check out Reading Terminal Market, so my sister decided on Carmen's simply because she saw the picture of Barack Obama ordering there. She was in love, and I found heaven in my Veggie Hoagie. 
Fast forward to April 9th, my friend wanted a Philly cheesesteak, and of course I replied "Go to Philly!".  Of course, I took him Reading Terminal Market (a part of me was determined to get to Old City Coffee). At the counter, the cashier was super nice. He actually seemed like he enjoyed interacting with people. He was patient with my friend who asked (in my opinion) too many questions about a cheesesteak. I ordered the Veggie Hoagie (grilled onions, peppers, shredded broccoli, spinach, lettuce, tomato, provolone on wheat). I remembered this sandwich begin good, but this time it was a Vegetarian's Dream! I haven't had a veggie sandwich that GOOD anywhere! My friend began fussing about how he had never had a true Philly cheesesteak (until Carmen's), and he was upset with all of the imposters. Ha! Sidenote, My sister was beyond pissed when I told her that I didn't bring her back a Philly Cheesesteak. 
Again, I can only speak for the service and Veggie Hoagie, but by judging from the super long line, and sister and friends "testimonies", the cheesesteaks are great. For the vegetarians, there is hope for us, even with our cheesesteak loving companions ;-)The steak here was very flavorful...sort of reminded me of an au jus french dip type flavor.  I had a cheesesteak with onions and whiz.  Not sure how you could ever go wrong that here.  I'm not entirely sure, but I believe this place is cash only.  I didn't ask because they punch you in the face at cheesesteak places like this in Philly for asking questions. :)There are better hoagies to be had in Philly, honey, and the same goes for cheesesteaks.
Decent? Yeah. Maybe.
But with long lines the likes of which are extremely commonplace here? You can do better -- especially for the price.Love hitting the market for lunch when I am in Philadelphia for work. Starting the trip with classic.Regular philly sandwich was $10.50 and it was pretty good, but seemed expensive for the size.  We split the sandwich but it's really only for 1 person and not enough for 2.
The thing that got us was the cashier - WOW, can you spell A.T.T.I.T.U.D.E?? Have been all over the country, born and raised in LA, and she had the nastiest attitude I'd ever experienced. 
The guy (cook) and other girl (dark hair) were super nice. Unfortunately they couldn't make up for the crappy person at the register. 
No way will we ever be back.I had a delicious classic cheesesteak with hot and sweet peppers, onions, huge mushrooms, lettuce, and tomato! The cheez wiz was tasty, and the roll a perfect chewiness. Yum!My family and I visited Carmen's again this year, as part of our annual trek to the Philadelphia Flower Show.  The food and service were wonderful, as always.  Carmen's even remained open beyond its closing time to accommodate us.  We continue to be big fans.  And, we're looking forward to our return visit next year.Great food, wait was quite long but worth it and the market is a cool place to wait anyway. Well worth a look round. Menu has a lot of choice and the service were helpful. Our cheesesteaks were cooked perfectly and so tasty.Upon taking my order, I was given a plaing card as an order number....how original. We watched how they made our cheesesteak while we waited, which was not that long of a wait. The food was amazing and the service was great.  I did not give them 5 stars because of the small portion I payed for. I wanted more of that classic cheesesteak, but it was over in a couple of bites. Although I was dissapointed with the price, I will def go back if i'm in town.I was very disappointed in the cashier that rained up when I FaceTime wanted to eat a Philly sandwich I basically asked her what is recommended and she just didn't want to explain the options but rather tell me what do I want in a sandwich when I didn't know what she had to offer, she never smiled she never was considered to explain that everything cost extra including extra mustard or tomato or mushroom or any vegetables but I ask to substitute cheese for anything and she refused, so the cook works hard and does amazing job and the sandwich  was delicious but needed seasoning when cooking the meat . From Los Angeles CALIFORNIAGreat Italian Hoagie. All the right meats and seasonings. The bread was outstanding.Visited the Reading Terminal Market on a lunch break while attending a conference at the Marriott. Looking forward to an authentic Philly Cheesesteak, I was hesitant to wait on the long line for Carmen's.  But sooo glad I did! I was lucky to have the opportunity to meet Carmen who was on the register. I was thoroughly entertained by his charm and wit as I ate my delicious classic cheesesteak at the counter. Looking forward to returning!Got the classic cheese steak with mushrooms, and sweet roasted bell peppers... So yummy and not fatty! I would recommend it even if you are on a diet!Carmen's has the best cheesesteak in the Reading Terminal Market. I like mine with just the onions and provolone, sometimes mushrooms. It's worth the long line. When Rick's left RTM I was really unhappy,, but now that I have found Carmen's I am  happier than ever.Fantastic cheese steaks! Usually a really long line at reading terminal; however, waiting in line is totally worth it. Although they tend to hurry you with your order, they are very fast at completing orders, and the line isn't as long as it seems! My boyfriend ordered the chicken parm hoagie and said it was only okay...I would stick with the steaks! Cash only and worth the wait! They have a picture of Obama ordering too!Located in the downtown Reading Terminal Market, I had a mini version of their cheesesteak that had onions, cream cheese, and white American.  I forgot the name they had for it, but it was tasty and I would order it again.  My only comment was I thought they sorta skimped on the meat of the sandwich.In short.  The sub I purchased was overpriced and just not worth it.  It was a $15 sub that consisted of a pre cooked chicken cutlet, broccoli rabe and a couple slices of provolone. They also throw in tomato, onion, lettuce and pretty much any standard fare sub fixings. The bread was on the tough side and just generally bland.  In addition to the mediocre sub their process for making them could use some adjustments as well.  It was inefficient. Give a try at your own risk.  There are multiple other options within 50 feet, so be sure to look around the area before settling on these guys.I am pretty particular about how people flavor meat (see my previous review of Jim's) but all I can say is this place knows cheesesteaks!!! Their steak is so flavorful you really can't go wrong. We tried the Original with Provolone and the Franklin. Both were so mouthwateringly delicious that we came back the next day! 
If you are into cheesesteak with American I highly suggest The Franklin. It's a mixture of American and cream cheese. Absolutely one of the greatest cheesesteaks ever! I left happy, full and took one for the road 
The only downside is the hours (they close early), so if you are drunk and scrambling for food at 2a, or have a cheesesteak craving after 6p you better head somewhere else (South Street) otherwise you're SOL!I had to try this place while in the area on vacation in May 2016. This was my first true Philly cheese steak and it was magical.  Located in the middle of Reading Terminal, this place was a lot of fun. I hit it during the peak lunch rush and so I had to stand in line for about 30-minutes (but it was so worth it). The seating in this place is a little crazy, especially at lunch time. Also, if you do not like crowds or standing in line... you might avoid this place during the peak lunch time rush. There are many places to get a cheese steak sandwich in Philly, but when you are at the Reading Market, stop by Carmen's.This is our second Philly Cheesesteak during our visit to Philly. We came here by recommendation of a local and it was awesome! The hoagie was soft and warm and the meat had SO MUCH flavor! Perfectly balanced with the cheese, onions and peppers. Reading Terminal Market is such a fun place to visit as well. I highly recommend the market and Carmen's!Came to Philadelphia just for the cheesesteak and I left with the best food coma on my commute back home. Though the line for this is ridiculously long, it is worth the wait. The staff here is super friendly and humorous too. While I waited, I was able to look across the glass dividers to see how they prepared each cheesesteak on the grill. 
My cheesesteak was the perfect blend of cheese, steak, and onions. I ate this slowly as a means to devour every bite in bliss. 
I would come back here and stand in line again just to have another bite. 
Most popular places are overhyped and mediocre, but Carmines is quality!Great place to get a Philadelphia cheese steak. It's in a market that has all kinds of different varieties of food. This place was on the food network a couple of years ago. We got the classic with everything but peppers.  The meat and toppings were delicious inside a nice fresh roll.Preface: This is my first LEGIT Philly cheesesteak. The ones in NYC are pretty damn disgusting, as if they have been sitting in a truck for the 100-mile journey.
I didn't want to go to Geno's or that other one in South Philly, because I had heard they were tourist traps. After three days of indecisiveness, I finally decided on Carmen's because we were in Reading Terminal.
The line was long, but moved fairly quickly, as long as you know what you want. After you place your order, you are given a playing card.
The sandwich was DELICIOUS... the meat was tender and well seasoned. The cheese melted wonderfully into the meat. The bread was nice and chewy.
Oh man... I wanna go back.
Brotip: If you go, try the one with the pepperoni, and tell me how it tastes. I'm curious...Don't be turned off by the long line: it's worth the wait! Like many Philly visitors, I was on a mission to try all the top rated cheesesteaks in Philly and I discovered two things: first, the over-the-top arrogant attitude about how you have to order your cheesesteak is both phony and a sign that the place doesn't have the best cheesesteak after all, and second that this place really had the best.
To top it off, the guys running the place and making the food are incredible gracious and funny. Between the positive energy and the great hoagies, you'll forget the fact you're squeezed into the bustling Redding Terminal Market.
My extra little tip, if you can sit near the register, take the seat: the guy taking orders is hilarious and will make conversation in between the craziness of taking orders and managing the long line.LOVED my Cheesesteak, but their service was SO SLOW! (Inefficient in my opinion)
** FYI, they use frozen meat.
This place is poppin. Definitely the busiest Cheesesteak stand in Reading Terminal Market. Be mindful that there will be a line and that it can get very long!
It was my first time here so I went with the "Classic Cheesesteak." That was amazing. I had it with half sweet roasted peppers & half hot peppers. Also added some tomatoes to the sandwich. DONT BE SO STRESSED ABOUT NOT KNOWING HOW TO ORDER! Just know what Sandwich you want and when you order, the cashier will ask you all the necessary questions for additions to your sandwich.
Like I said, I absolutely loved my Sandwich but the inefficiency of their work was very disappointing. Not only was the line long to order, but the wait time for the sandwich was really long as well.
When I went there was a cashier (taking orders), someone right next to her preparing the sandwiches (cutting the bread, putting the right ingredients for the sandwich... basically getting it ready so that the cooker knows what to put in the sandwiches), 1 guy cooking the sandwiches, and 1 guy wrapping & serving the sandwiches. The cooker was pretty quick (esp for having to do the work alone). However, the server was not. There were about 5 cooked sandwiches waiting to be wrapped up and served. The guy had to go get drinks for the orders (which took him a couple minutes to bring back)... so all the done sandwiches were just waiting to be wrapped and served. They seem to have a system, but it doesn't seem to be efficient. It's disappointing to find out that the reason why you had to wait in line for so long was not only because they're busy, but because they're inefficient.My name is Jeffrey from Baltimore,MD. I travel to Philly about twice a year for related work on behalf of General Motors. Every time I visit the Reading Market to eat at Carmen's. I only eat there for lunch both days. 
It is the absolute 100% best subs in the entire USA. The people are wonderful and they bust their asses all day non stop without even sitting down to get the job done. 
Even the President stopped to have a sub. That says it all. 
Go there and enjoy. You won't regret it !!Well oiled machine. Brisk and efficient. These describe the opposite of this place.  Making cheesesteaks (even the line to order) has to be quicker than here. Eating is actually an afterthought to waiting. Don't go here unless you want to spend your time at the market waiting for food.Yeah this isn't Pat's or Geno's or Jim's or even Tony Luke's.  
But hey *in Stallone accent* ... it's still a decent place.
After years of passing this place by due to my obsession with other food offerings in Reading Market (like the Dutch Eating Place .. yum), I finally decided to give this place a try.
I still like Jim's better because the steaks there don't feel as greasy .. but I can't deny the fact that the steak with onions and whiz is still pretty darn tasty.  Grab a seat at the counter, wait for your steak and make sure you devour it the second it comes off the grill, piping hot.
When it's hot, the greasy combo of whiz, onions, meat and fresh bread just melts in your mouth.  Again, it's not my super favorite in Philly but the steaks here still do the trick.  
Ultimately this isn't a bad option if you're in Reading Market and hankerin' for a steak.  It's better than the cheeseteak you'd get by say, Down Home Diner (which I tried as well, just a few steps down in Reading Market).mediocre at best.
wasnt worth the 11 dollars for a cheesesteak.
i was not content / satisfied afterwards, i was left still hungry. im 6ft, 175lbs.
im a huge home made food diy type guy, so save your 11 dollars, because i couldve fed a family of 4 with that money with fresher products and ingredients plus you know everything that goes in your food.This place always has a super long line. To avoid it go after lunch but before dinner, 3ish and you'll have no line. We picked the classics the Italian Special and Prosciutto. The workers are very friendly and like to joke around. You'll get a little playing card and that serves as your food pick up, they will shout out your card number to let you know it's ready. 
Be prepared to wait for the food to be done, even when there is no line. Worth the wait. You'll get some fresh meats with great flavor on your hoagie. I got vinegar, oil and mayo on the Italian and really liked the kick the vinegar gave it. 
Only reason I gave 4 stars was because they only accept cash. Come on Carmens not everybody always carries cash on them now a days!This was all about location for us. Our hotel was right across the street from the market and we had to have cheesesteaks. Came here twice over 4 days. First time was with whiz & onions. 2nd time was with whiz, provolone, sweet & hot peppers, & onions. Both were good. The 1 with all the toppings was seriously messy. I think next time I'll stick with the whiz and onions. I can't rate this against other cheesesteak places in Philly since we didn't go to
Any others but these were definitely better than those I've had elsewhere. Finely chopped meat, no fat chunks, not drowning in cheese.I made my last visit to Carmen's today.  The disorganization of the workers is just too much.  My late afternoon lunch became much later when instead of making sandwiches in the order they came in, the guys chose to do all the grill orders first even the ones that came in 10 minutes after my order.  Then the staff need to chat up their buddies who wandered by.  
It was only after I asked for my money back that my sandwich was made and I needed to remind him of what I had requested twice.  Too bad I had lost my appetite by then.
My other pet peeve is that everything that usually comes on a hoagie is extra.   I was willing to pay the money for peppers, lettuce, etc.  but not to treated that as if I were such an inconvenience instead of the reason they a job.
WIth these guys, the customer is always wrong.Long wait, worth it! Original with hot and sweet peppers, mushrooms it topped off a great Philly experience! The Bell, the Declaration history, the arguing amongst the men who built this great nation... topped with the best cheesesteak in Philly! Eat indoors people! Thanks Philadelphia 201, Mary, for great recommendations!!While walking around Reading Terminal with a friend who was visiting from the U.K. she mentioned that she has never had a Cheesesteak. Well to our apparent luck Carmen's was just in sight.
After ordering we sat at the counter and were constantly being interrupted by some young kid who worked here. He was trying to flirt with my friend unsuccessfully...he just couldn't get the clue that it wasn't even going to happen. Our steaks arrived and after one bite we looked at each other with utter disappointment. Tasteless except for the flavor from the off tasting mushrooms. I apologized to my friend...after all, I felt bad that I took her here for her first taste of a true Philly classic. I can't wait for her to visit again so I can make up for my lack of judgment.We had the best Philly Cheese Steak at Carmen's! Highly recommend it. And look forward to going back again!So my husband and I of course had to have a cheesesteak during our first trip to Philly.  I was willing for the sake of playing along.  Little did I know how much I would end up freaking loving it!  We just got back home and I am craving another oh so badly...  Thanks, Carmen's! And the owner is an awesome dude if you get a chance to chat with him.The cleanliness is much to be desired.  I informed them that the cook ex touching his gave and hast without changing his gloves.   I was told ok and bye.  
 The playing cards were cool. 
The stakes, I've made better at home!   I guess for people coming into Philly, they are considered good. 
Never again,   $12.50 for what?While in Philly, the kids really want to try Philly Cheesesteak.  We didn't feel like taking a taxi to Pat's or Geno's.  Carmen's was right in the front and looked busy, so we gave it a try.  We ordered two cheesesteak with cheese wiz, one with pepper, one with onion.  The service was not very friendly, even a little intimidating.   I didn't expect sandwich to be good.  I was hoping the sandwich would be ok.  And after looking for seating for 20 minutes, I didn't expect the sandwich to taste ok.  Surprising, both sandwiches were actually delicious.   The hoagies had a nice soft crust and fresh bread taste.  The meat had a good flavor and not too diced up.  The cheese wiz soft of glue everything together.  
I liked it better than Jims Steaks.  It was a better sandwich, much shorter wait, much shorter walk (from the tourist area).  And the (lack of) seating was just about the same.  I have to say the sandwich was a little expensive.  But it's at Reading Terminal Market, so that's expected.  For being a tourist and have to have Philly cheesesteak at Philly, this would be our choice.I'm not a cheese steak connoisseur or anything, but I really really liked the sangwich I got at this place. Husband loved his too.  I didn't think I'd be able to eat the whole thing, but I did because it was SO GOOD.  There may be better places to get cheese steaks in the city, but this place was close to where we were staying and it was in the Reading Market, which was fun to check out too.Was there on a weekend and the lines were long but it was moving fairly fast. The staff was nice. One of the best philly cheesesteak i've had.The lines are long but trust me, they are well worth the wait. This was my first time getting a Philly Cheese Steak, so I had to do it the right way. Carmen's was definitely the stop. My friend and I split a pizza cheese steak (meat, provolone, marinara sauce), and it was to die for - also very filling for two adult sized individuals! Protip: Carmen's charges extra for splitting a meal, so just have one person order and cut the cheesesteak on your own! Bring napkins!In the Reading terminal
Carmen the owner is a hoot, his place represents the Italian sandwich no doubt.
5 stools at the counter or sit in the eating area.
we sat at the counter and spoke with Carmen, totally awesome.
my friend had the BLT hoagie which he said was great
I had the special Italian which has Italian meats, I had long hots added to it. it was an amazing sandwich .
he keeps his place clean and consistently stays on top of his employees. what a great placeSo I know Reading Terminal Market is filled with all kinds of unique and delicious foods from different cultures all over the globe.. and it's really the only place I know of where you can find this much variety in one building.  
With that in mind, I'm a native Philadelphian.  I can't take three steps in South Philly without tripping over a cheesesteak.  You'd think I'd opt for some kind of foreign sausage or duck or awesome cheese or something. 
Nay.
In the past four months or so, I've been to Reading Terminal 4 times. I've gotten a pepperoni cheesesteak from Carmen's every single time. As much as I'd like to try the other food, I just can't NOT get a pepperoni cheesesteak from Carmen's.  It's, without a doubt, the best cheesesteak I've ever had.  The whole entire place could just be one big Carmen's and it wouldn't make a difference at all to me.
I feel like so mad at myself when I'm standing in line to place my order because I know I'm probably missing out on something great.  That anger lasts until I have my first bite.  That's when I know I've made the right decision.We came to Philadelphia to see the Flyers, and stuff our faces with cheese steaks. We went to every cheese steak place of repute in Philly over 4 days, and quite a few random ones too. My teenager swears Carmens was the best, and she's a meat and cheese purist. I have to agree with her. I interrogated locals the entire time we were eating our way across the city and it was fairly consistent intel, everyone has their local sandwich shop they swear by, but if you can't make it to their neighborhood favorite where they live or grew up, its Carmens.Great philly cheese steak in Reading Terminal Station downtown Philly.Love this place...long line but worth it.  Yesterday had the classic...today the franklin..but woth peppers...both recommended
.I haven't had their cheesesteaks (apparently I should try them) but I've had their hoagies twice and they are mediocre.  Nothing wrong with them, but nothing that great either, for the price.  Meh.Long lines, cramped, not my favorite cheesesteak, but heck, it's still good and worth a shot.
Got a classic Cheesesteak, the wait was about 20 minutes at peak lunch rush. Picked up a classic cheesesteak with banana peppers. Got the thing wrapped up with a soda for 14 bucks. 
Now, I went at peak lunch hours, but finding a seat was difficult. If eating next to strangers triggers anxiety attacks, stay away. 
The Cheesesteak was good, but compared to my last experience it was more of a normal portion, rather than a comically oversized and decadent experience. Solid all around and absolutely worth trying, this sandwich did fall apart a little bit towards the end as the juice and cheez whiz started to eat away at the roll. 
For the price, it's not a great deal, and the long lines and cramped terminal mean that it's a little on the claustrophobic side. It's very good, and the market is pretty interesting in and of itself, but I wouldn't tell someone this is a MUST try. It's very close to the convention center though, so given that it's pretty good and a short hop, it's definitely worth checking out though.My first time in Philadelphia as an adult and I had to get a Philly cheesesteak. This was a great experience. I had the meat lover's cheesesteak and it was everything I was looking for in a cheesesteak. The meat, the cheese wiz, the bacon, it was all amazing!  It took awhile to get the food and the line was long but it was for sure worth the wait. It was a great experience for my first cheesesteak.Ok, so I went to Philly for Super Bowl weekend which was insane in and of itself, but what was arguably even more insane was this Philly Cheese Steak I got from Carmen's. It was the perfect ratio of tender steak, peppers, onions, and cheese. I added some mayo ( I'm a big mayo girl) and lettuce and I was seriously in heaven. If you are looking for an authentic and delicious cheese steak and you're not sure where to start in the city where it was all created- start with Carmen's!! Also the staff were very good humored (though they were coming off that Eagles win!)Service was a bit abrupt and rude, but the Steak was pretty good. Had it in the traditional Philly style. 
My biggest complaint is really the lack of seating at their counter, but considering the way the market is built, that's not a huge deal.
The best part of the steak was the meat. This is how it's supposed to be done! The meat should have flavor and not just lay there like dead cow. The Whiz should actually, you know, taste like cheese. All the ingredients should mix together into the perfect sandwich. 
For my money, the best steak in Philly.After scoping out the Reading Terminal Market, as I have done many times before, I wrestled with going to the over-hyped DiNics (you know what you know), or to try somewhere different.  I decided that I was in the mood for a cheesesteak hoagie, so I figured I'd try Carmen's out.  
I watched a guy make a steak to start my cheesesteak analysis.  There didn't seem to be anything special about the frozen slab of steak he threw on the grill, or in his steak-cooking technique, although fluid and obviously experienced.  Ah well, let's give it a shot.  
I ordered, the service was friendly enough.  You get a playing card as a placeholder for your order.  I got the 10 of hearts.  A rather non-descript card.  Does that mean I was identified as an area native?  Another guy was having a good time chatting while he placed his order, and I overheard he was from Texas.  He got the Ace of hearts.  Wonder what that means. It's always fun listening to cheesesteak novices order, and I overheard a few.  
The call came as Jim brought me my steak.  "10 of hearts?" he said.  I acknowledged and received my lunch:  a cheesesteak hoagie cut in half served in one of those little cardboard boats.  
Ready to dig in, I grabbed the half that is cut on both ends (what kind of animal eats the end piece first??)  The steak was finely cut up but not totally shredded, about middle of the road.  They put the lettuce and tomato underneath the steak, which is uncommon, and results in minimizing the hoagieness of the cheesesteak, the lettuce and tomato were barely noticible.  Being underneath, they catch all the grease and heat from the steak, whereas if they're place on the top, they remain fresher.  The cheesesteak itself was on the greasy side and rather salty.  Not too bad, but definitely not great.
Maybe acceptable if your in Reading Terminal Market and want a cheesesteak, but I'd also say to consider the other options here as well.  DiNics roast pork is highly regarded for the Philly experience and is surely no worse than here.   I was there on the early side and apparently an off time, I only had to wait a minute or two.  There are reports of long lines - definitely not worth more than a 10 minute wait here.  Definitely not in the same league as some of the other classic Philly cheesesteak joints, but they're too far to reasonably walk.This place is a must stop for a Philly cheesesteak if you're in Reading Terminal Market. The lines do get pretty long, but the service is friendly and the food comes out fast. I strongly recommend that you stick with a classic cheesesteak to enjoy your cheesesteak as Philly intended, but some of the other variations looked good and I've heard good thing about their hoagies as well.
Be prepared to wait if you're stopping by on the weekends or during peak hours, but know that your delicious cheesesteak will be well worth it.Loved, loved it!!! First time in Philly & first time eating an authentic Philly cheesesteak. The staff was wonderful and fun to joke with.  The cheesesteak was just pure awesomeness!! I may have to move to Philly just for Carmen's!!  I had the Franklin and it was the best thing I've ever eaten!!The lady working at the front was rude and the sandwiches took forever considering there weren't many people there. Good food but terrible service. Frequent reading terminal visitor but come back to Carmen's!We went here to eat a philly cheese sandwich seeing if we can finally find a great and awesome one.  Unfortunately, the sandwich was alright and not the best one I ever had. The meat itself was frozen and not fresh I think.  The lettuce was in there, but was expecting the shredded lettuce and not romaine, but did not see the tomato. They did charge us extra as well for lettuce and tomato.  We got our sandwich with provolone, but I wanted it with cheese whiz since everyone gets it that way, but my brother said nope.  But the line was long, but it does go by fast and they do make it on the spot so the meat was hot. But I think it was just an okay.I didn't do Pat's or Geno's. Not even Tony Luke's, as the locals do. Thanks to yelp elite Mallory D for the insider scoop about Tony Luke's, but I decided that if I were to have a genuine Philadelphia cheesesteak, it would have to be Carmine's Hoagies. Yeah, it was an interesting pick for me, since it was the closest cheesesteak place near where I was at the time and I didn't want to take a taxi ride down to Passyunk Avenue or see south Philly for Tony Luke's. Since I was nearby at the Pennsylvania Convention Center for the 2013 Philadelphia marathon expo, I looked around a Reading Terminal market for dinner options, which I ultimately had found with Carmine's Hoagie's.
The war between Pat's and Geno's has been raging for decades, as I understand it, but I didn't want any part of it. Just wanted a good authentic made in Philadelphia cheesesteak. And of course, I got one. Carmine's Hoagie's is located within the busy confines of Reading Terminal Market, which is always popular with the locals and tourists alike. I ultimately got the kamikaze cheesesteak with grilled onions. Cash only! It kind of sucked, but that's how it is. They gave me a playing card, which acted like their ordering system. It was pretty interesting, but who am I to judge? The service was quicker than I thought, although with a line and hungry people ahead of me, I waited for a good 15 minutes before they got to my order.
My order was to go and chose to eat it as soon as I got back to my hotel. First impressions were that it was small, like ordering a Subway foot long. Smaller than that. With that said, Subway has its own steak melt or similar variation and it more or less tasted like that . It was just the bread choices, most likely. I felt like the cheesesteak was kind of overpriced, for what I got. While it was decently good and delicious, I felt like I was sort of robbed. I thought it would be a bigger sized sandwich. As it turned out, it was overpriced. Yeah, having one to try out for the first time is good to experience, but outside of that authentic style of Philadelphia, I don't expect that it would be as good as Philly.
Mixed feelings about my first Philadelphia cheese steak experience. Although I can't really recommend a solid cheesesteak place, since I didn't go to the powerhouses of Geno's, Pat's, and Tony Luke's, my satisfaction for Carmine's Hoagie's suits me just fine. Just wanted a sandwich in Philadelphia before leaving without having one. That's the worst, I think. Regretting you didn't do something on vacation. I can recommend Carmine's Hoagie's if you want that alternative place that serves up cheesesteaks, without the hype. Just a mean solid sandwich. Overall well worth the trip and expense to travel here to Philly for a great American sandwich born and kept in Philadelphia. 
Support local!
BGreat S&C! Let me suggest the Franklin which is made with Cream Cheese - WOW! Get there early and sit at the counter to watch the magic on the grill. It's mesmerizing. Loud  but friendly service. They had a pic of Obama when he came by, too. Check it out.Game changer! times 2! 
Carmen's take credit cards and they offer take out if you call ahead. So glad I work nearby now.One chance to have a Philly Steak sand which and we were not disappointed!! The staff was so nice and the food amazing.Good solid place in reading terminal.  The prosciutto with sharp provolone and fresh roasted long hots was delicious and so was the classic cheese steak with wiz of course.  Definitely would give the place a try if you haven't yet.  Next time we are in the area we will definitely be back.  The guy running the register (maybe the owner) was old school and very funny.  Check it out next time your in the area.I was able to try two different cheesesteak joints while in Philly, this place (Carmen's) and Joe's Steaks + Soda Shop (the place all the locals said to go), and honestly I like Carmen's so much more. The meat was juicier and the whole sandwich was all around more flavorful. Maybe we hit Joe's on a bad night, but the meat was drier and bland.Very good cheesesteak. Enjoyed one with a mix of hot and sweet peppers and whiz. Fantastic. The line moves fast and the staff was friendly and welcoming. Is it expensive...yes...steak and bottle water...$14. A bit high for a cheesesteak, but it was flavorful and filling. A great experience in a fantastic location. Would love to visit again.Skip this spot.  Nothing special, I could get this (or even better) in NY.  Too salty, meat is frozen when put on the grill.  Should have went elsewhere in Philly, but this was convenient the day we were leaving.  Not horrible, but also not worth the 9 bucks.  The other 4 people I was with felt the same..It's a good cheesesteak I will give them that, and the staff is friendly making the wait a bit more bearable. I wouldn't necessarily wait in a long line again for one. On a slow day, maybe. But the location is in more of a tourist destination area and I'm not usually in this part of the city.By far one of the best cheese steaks I've had in Philly.  I even brought one home back to California thru it in the Microwave for 20 seconds, flipped it again for another 20 seconds and still tasted great!Not my favorite Italian hoagie.  I had a client who was in town and wanted to try a famous Philly Italian hoagie. He had been in the Reading Terminal Market the day before and loved his cheesesteak from Carmen's.  He was on a mission to try an "authentic" hoagie - hey, he was from ARKANSAS - so he chose to return here.
By the time I met up with him, he was there with the hoagies and a big grin on his face. A few bites in and he was still happy but personally, the taste of this version just didn't resonate with me.  First of all, I love lettuce in a hoagie and their version was pretty skimpy with any tomatoes or lettuce. There was a sharp... tang? that tasted bitter to me. Looked like some kind of spread on the bread and possibly some very sharp shredded smoked provolone that just was too jarring for me. I rarely turn a sandwich down, as my waist will testify, but I forced myself to finish half; after all, my client had treated me to lunch.  
Maybe next time I'll just stick with a cheesesteak.Dining Date: May 17, 2014 for lunch. 
Cheesesteak hoagie was terrific. Great place to get a Philly cheese steak downtown. Service is a bit slow,  but everything is made to order. The food was worth the wait in line.  Beware cash only.  The guy in front of me waited 15 minutes in line and couldn't order with his credit card!This shoppe is a MUST STOP in the Terminal.  The sandwiches are excellent and the service is fantastic.  Be certain to try the Chicken Rocco and the cheesesteak with wiz!!I got the classic thinking it would be your standard philly cheesesteak... but no. they put peppers and some other stuff on it. My friend scolded me for not keeping it basic and original with just meat, cheese and onions. Dishonor on my family.
ANYWAYS... this is a nice cheesesteak place in reading terminal. Of the two cheesesteak places i found in this terminal, this one is better. (compared to spataro's, which was ehh) i hope to find an even better one.
I would give this place a 3.5 for the cheesesteak. the meat and bread were good. juicy. cheese was delish. i personally prefer my cheesesteaks dirtier (why i like pats more than genos). The onions and peppers were good too. 
however, it was a bit expensive. Plus, when they asked if we wanted lettuce and tomato, i said yes, planning to take it out and eat it on the side like a salad. but then that added like 2 bucks to the sandwich and i was like... AINT NOBODY GOT MONEY FO DAT.
So yeah. don't be fooled into buying extra veggies. just keep it simple and classy. 
if you're in reading terminal and want cheesesteak, i'd recommend this place! unless there is another better place.I had to post about the line at Carmen's on Saturday. 
You'll think you need only to wait in line to order. So you'll stand in line a good 20 minutes. Okay, fine, you say, I can wait 20 minutes standing on hard concrete, having passers-by knocking into me, no prob.
But guess what? Once your order is taken? You get to wait in ANOTHER line for 30 minutes waiting for your sandwich! 
I would never eat here again. It ain't worth it. There are too many other great alternatives to waiting 50 minutes for a so-so cheesesteak.30 mins after placing order still waiting for my hogie and this was well after the lunch time rush hour.  Don't order unless you have a couple of hours to spare.This place only survives because of its location. Tourists think they are getting a "Philly Cheesesteak" but really they are getting scammed by a mediocre sandwich in an excellent location. If your visiting Philadelphia and looking for a perfect cheesesteak avoid this tourist trap. I feel Pats and Genos are tourist traps as well but they at least have a fair superior sandwich. Personally I enjoys Jim's, Chubbys, Joe's and really anyplace other the this. Not only are they not good but they also overcharge probably to cover the rent of their location.The Reading Terminal is a great place for food and Carmen's is fantastic. We had a traditional cheese steak and a peperroni cheese steak and both were excellent. 
The owner/operator was there and he was friendly and a lot of fun to talk to. Enjoy the food.I have tried most of the cheesesteaks in Philadelphia and this place is my favorite. My sister begs me to bring them back to FL when I visit, so she's a fan too. 
They do it right here, using chopped up steak on a griddle that I'm sure is well-seasoned from all the years of food. The bread is from a NJ place (boxes stacked behind cashier) and is pillow soft. 
Recently we came on a Monday (sister bought two steaks to eat on the plane) and Carmen was there! He invited my sister and me to come try our hand at chopping some steaks and we got some awesome photos. Nice guy. Sister got a good photo but mine didn't come out well. I'll see if she can post hers for me.
Cash only!On a random Monday, I was in the mood for a Turkey Hoagie to start off the week on a light note for lunch.  I heard great things about Carmen's.  I took one bite into the sandwich and bleh!  The turkey wasn't fresh at all.  It had that sat-out-for-a-couple-days taste to it (and felt slimy) - bordering on Tuna.  Now, I would expect this from an inferior shop -  not anything the Reading Terminal Market.  I heard the Italian Hoagie was good, but there's no excuse for not having fresh turkey.Fantastic Food!  Quick Service! Friendly and Engaging Staff!  Line was long, but well worth the wait.We ordered the classic chicken cheese steak. Was really excited since we do love the chicken cheesesteaks we have eaten around the ny/nj area so far. This thing was terrible, just dry and tasteless. The bread was tough and chewy, never had such terrible bread before. The lines were long so we guess they must be popular. But just avoid the chicken one I would suggest. It's $13 a piece so it doesn't come cheap, waste of money.Came to Reading Market and saw a ridiculous line here so I figured it was worth a try. I ordered the classic with the cheese wiz and found it to be decent. Sandwich was nice and hot, the meat was juicy and soft, the veggies complemented the sandwich as the cheese added to the savoriness. Good sandwich. But then again, the philly cheesesteak is a good sandwich already so what made this place any more special? I have no idea.
If you want to solve this mystery, bring cash and let me know what's up.be sure to check your bank charges and receipts. they add "tips" you didnt add if you arent careful. cheesesteaks were ok onlyThe staff is friendly and funny, and the portion of my first (ever!) Philly cheesesteak sandwich spanned two meals. I ordered it with American, onions, and hot peppers. The cheese seems to have been melted within the meat, not on top of it, which I thought was cool...get that cheese in there!...but I was surprised how it didn't really have much of a flavor. The bread was most disappointing. It was bland.  I may have had to try it with Cheese Wiz, or eat it in-house instead of taking it back to my AirBnB, or just added salt in order to have had a better experience. Though I've had much better sandwiches, I still thought it was cool to have a cheesesteak in Philadelphia.Went yesterday for my first ever cheesesteak. I wasn't sure which to choose, so went for the Franklin (which also has Philadelphia cream cheese) with mushrooms and onions; my partner had the same with pickles. Let me tell you: they were EXCELLENT. So tasty, cooked fresh, served to us at the counter, and inhaled very quickly. Highly recommended!This place was suggested online, so I decided to give it a try. It's a very popular spot, with a long line, but definitely worth it. We split an Italian hoagie and a cheesesteak, and that was plenty of food. You should give it a try!!I really enjoyed my franklin cheesesteak here. It came with American cheese and cream cheese. It was a tasty combo and I recommend. It's very fresh. You can watch them cook it on the grill right in front of you. I came 20mins before closing so there was no line and no wait. Seating is limited at the counter so if it's busy lunch hour maybe plan to take it to go. The guy at register was friendly and had thick ny accent like me so that was cool.If these guys had to work in NY they would have been fired. I have never experienced such slow service, especially since they were throwing on pre sliced steak on the grill and there were four guys stationed by the grill and cutting station. The guys over at Papayas are speed demons and crank out tasty hot dogs in seconds flat while these guys are putting about..l
The sandwich was eh, I've had better in pizzerias in Brooklyn. It reminded me of school lunch/ Subway sandwich in some odd way. I wanted to try one from DiNics but the line in contrast to the sad sandwiches I saw people eating wasn't worth it. So Carmen's was top choice #2.
I don't think I'd be so disappointed if there wasn't so much hype surrounding the cheesesteak sandwich. 
Also $20+ for two sad sandwiches and a vanilla cream? I could have enjoyed an awesome pizza pie, sushi lunch special or had 4 foot longs from subway. 
Maybe I'm just too much of a New Yorker to get it*shrug* go and make your opinion...lSo I went to Philly for a day trip this Saturday.  I walked the Reading Terminal about three times before I decided what I wanted to eat.  I saw that there was a long line at Carmen's steak (3:50pm) stand versus any other cheese steaks and they had decent review.  I dont mind the wait if the food is good. As a matter of fact, I had all day to spend here.  After watching the cooks, prep cooks and expediter, I realized that this place doesn't have a line because they are good... it's because they're slow.
So you order first, then the cooks start on your food and then they pass it to the expediter who gives the food to the customers. Can you tell the level of detail that I used to work in restaurants? Well tell me why the whole time I was in line, only one of the two cooks had a cheese steak going.  It was The cashier (who was the first line of communication with customers and the start of the process) at one point just told the customer to hold on one second.  She stopped the line to help the food prep person to roll up lettuce and cut it...
Seriously?
The rest of the workers were just sitting there waiting for the ticket to come out, but there was NO ticket coming out because the cashier stopped working the register to slice lettuce.. WITH ANOTHER WORKER.
That's when I just had to leave... and get this- I stood in line first, my boyfriend went to another restaurant to order food, he came back, went to sit down, ate, and was done, and I was still standing there...
That was it for me.  We found Tommy DiNic's and had a bomb Roasted Pork with Broccoli Rabe with friendly and QUICK service.
Maybe when I at Philly again soon, I will try to eat at this place, but I will make sure all the workers are working and not congested due to a cashier or whomever.  I understand if it was a customer who was holding up the line and asking questions, but no.This place had better quality meats than Pat and Geno's!  I loved how it's a family operated business. the broccoli rabe and hot peppers added on the cheesteak put it over the top goodness. Definitely would go back.Carmen's was an awesome experience!! First, and foremost Carmen himself was there!! He was apart of the Philly Cheesesteak experience, as much as the Cheesesteak sandwich. He bantered with us and made sure we were taken care of from seating to getting the absolute travel experience and letting us get behind the griddle and cook! He had to leave, but gave us a heads up so we could get our picture with him! Forget Geno's and Pat's in south Philly they are only really famous for there rivalry not their sandwich! Carmen's is the WAY to GO!! If I lived here I would, sooo be a regular!! 
The Philly Cheesesteak was a legit sandwich! I had it with the wiz, onions, peppers both sweet and hot, and lettuce! If was cooked to perfection and balanced with the perfect amount of tender meat with a little heat to give a little spicey dance in the pallet, caramelized peppers and onions bringing about the sugars, adding sweetness to the sandwich! The wiz, I loved this!, and the amount of wiz was sublime, it was just enough to ooze, but not make a colossal cheese wiz mess! I will crave this experience and sandwich again and again! 
FYI: Cash Only:)  It is located in Reading Market. Remember, that you are in Philly but you are the master of your sandwich! If you don't want mushrooms don't get them!Delicious! The wait can be up to an hour if the market is packed, but if you've got time to kill it's worth it.Before Carmen's, I either went to Pat's or Geno's and didn't really bother to find something better. 
I kept it basic - meat, cheese and onion. Unlike Pat's or Geno's, where the sandwich tastes like overly processed scraps of meat, Carmen's actually tasted like, well, a cheesesteak! The roll was hard on the outside and soft on the inside. The meat had flavor but its wasn't overwhelming.
Was it the best cheesesteak in Philadelphia? No. Is it better than the aforementioned grease pits? Definitely. 
If was roaming around the RTM and was in the mood for a cheesteak, I'd probably swing by this place again.Good food, but I had to wait 30 minutes for 3 hoagies.  Don't order unless you are prepared to wait in line, and then wait again for the food to be made.The line here is always at least 30-45 minutes for an order unless you come 2 hours before closing or early mornings. 
Honestly, the wait isn't that bad but it's very crowded so be prepared to get bumped into.
The service here is awful from what I've encountered. The lady at the register (red-hair) is very rude and dismissive. The younger man handing out the orders has a tendency to throw or slide items to customers instead of handing it to them. I witnessed him throwing a fork on top of a lady's order and it hits the counter, followed by throwing a straw and a sliding cup of coke. 
The cheesesteak itself is relatively tasty. The meat is well seasoned and cooked. It is a bit pricier than the other places in reading.
The best work here is a middle age African American man. He's a great worker and has a good sense of humor.Carmen runs a great business. Food is great and he's just so customer friendly. Super place to stop and eat.  Great job Carmen see you and your team again real soon.This was my first Philly cheesesteak...ever. I ordered the classic with sweet peppers. Honestly, cheese whiz is something I've also never eaten before so I was a bit skeptical, BUT...this sandwich was ah-mazing! The bread, the beef, the fake cheese, the peppers. Yum! I'm going to try not to eat another one. 
The atmosphere was also very fun. The employees took a picture for my kids and they were just fun people to interact with. Reading Terminal Market, in general, is a place you have to stop atin a hunt for cheesesteaks, my hosts and i let our laziness overwhelm our need to fall into the tourist attractions of the competing pat's and geno's.  instead, we huddle near home and visited carmen's instead.
clearly, with famous written right into the title, i didn't need the fact that obama ordered a cheesesteak from here to draw a young politico like myself to the stall...though it never does hurt.
my order, however, went purely traditional...with only onions and extra whiz.  i don't know what it is...but i LOVE cheese whiz.  you can pour that stuff on anything.  and in this case, it definitely didn't hurt.  my first bite poured juices down my chin, with a perfect combination of provolone, steak, and whiz, all seeping into a perfectly grilled roll.
these things really aren't anything special...but when you can make something simple that's still appetizing and delicious, might as well crank 'em out...and carmen's definitely does that."I don't understand their aversion to napkins" said my boo/travel partner. Let's highlight the pros and cons:
Pros
-the Ben Franklin with mushroom and onions is absolutely delicious. As others have said, don't be put off by the cream cheese, it really adds a unique flavor and richness to the sandwich 
Cons
-I understand popular places have lines, but the way they do it here is illogical and extremely harrowing. It's gotta be the most narrow aisle way of the entire market, there are TWO lines (one for ordering and one for pick-up) that are somehow supposed to fit in about a 2-3 foot wide space 
-no napkins were provided with our TO-GO sandwich. Why? When you wait for a half hour and pay more than you should, at least give us napkins. When we went back to get some, we were handed 3 of the thinnest, crappiest napkins I've ever seen
-you CANNOT order a drink with "no ice." The lady at the counter said "we can't do that, we have to put ice in, but don't worry it's still mostly soda in there." Well lady, you lied. The soda was full of ice, which is exactly what I didn't want. 
Philly magazine said this was the best steak at reading terminal, but I'm tempted to try other places upon my return. 
In short, 5 stars for the cheesesteak, everything else related to procuring said cheesesteak leaves A LOT to be desired.This was the best philly cheese steak I've ever had!  I recommend the classic with a mix of hot and sweet peppers and provolone cheese.  I am gluten free and they even make them without the bun!  So delicious - and a great price, too.  I would highly recommend to anyone traveling to Philly...Terrific food and great service!  Carmen himself tended the register...helpful, humorous and great recommendations.  Always a long line at this stand and that should tell you something - worth the wait!  I had an Italian cheesesteak- sharp provolone w/ broccoli rabe.  I added hot peppers and mushrooms. YUM- I will be back.  BTW - CJ also provided great customer service at the counter!!
*Cash only!The best cheesesteak hands down in philly! Even the plain classic cheesesteak is amazing. I have never had such a great juicy tasting cheesesteak in my life. Keep it up! The atmosphere is great.had a cheesesteak with shrooms and peppers, and I was a happy camper.. good stuff.. good bread.. the Reading Market is a nice place and fun to walk around and browse and graze.. found it particularly inviting on a cold, windy december day.. went here on my second day in town on my first ever visit to Philly and had a cheese steak for breakfast after having one for dinner the night before elsewhere.. I had to wait a few minutes for the guy to set up as i was the first customer but it was worth the wait..  I guess i enjoyed my cheesesteak experience here, cuz it made me hip enough on cheesesteaks that i had another one later the same day for a late lunch at a different place.. seating a bit limited , just a few stools facing the grill and prep area, which will you put you in very intimate contact with the staff; but there are plenty of tables in the market common area where you can sit also..Second time here. Slower day got my sub pretty quick. Amazing just like the first time. Little to much ice in the drink.I was so happy this was right around the corner from us staying at the Marriott!  This was the best best Philly cheesesteak I had here in town.  Extra meet, extra American cheese, mushrooms and onions equals perfection!  Warning they close at 5pm, so get there in time to get in line and order.  You won't regret the wait.Waited in line for over a half hour then gave up.  The problem here is that no one is in charge and everyone is working at the same painfully slow speed. They have absolutely zero care or worry about the customer wait time.  As far as the food quality..ill never know.I should have noticed from the online pix how small the steak sandwich is. Nine dollars for basically half a normal size sandwich anywhere else in the area. It did taste good.