Update: came back because I had forgotten my previous experience. Once again service was slow and bad. The table next to me ha to wait so long to order they ended up ordering to go and still had to wait to over an hour for food. As for me, I ordered the blackened tilapia Benedict. When it arrived, I pointed out to the server that it was pink and didn't look like tilapia. He assured me it was. After tasting it and confirming my suspicions that it was salmon, I told the server and was informed that they must have run out of tilapia. No other options (reordering) or discounts were offered.
I really wanted to like this place, hoped it could be my new neighborhood bar. But the service was horrible, I would have ordered much more if any of the servers that walked by had actually stopped to ask. I also made the mistake of ordering the Caesar salad. I don't normally have high expectations for a Caesar salad to begin with, but this managed to still fall short with plain, wilted iceberg lettuce and that's about it. The music in Tuesday night was great, which is why it got two stars...This place is no more Cajun then McDonald's! I'm from the south and visiting your nice city of Philly. So I thought I would entertain the idea of coming to a Cajun restaurant in the middle of Philly. Yeah no! Might as well convert The Joint to Philly cheesesteak restaurant and compete with everybody else. Just because it's different than Salt and Pepper doesn't mean it's spicy just saying! If you want real Cajun go to Louisiana. The Catahoula family is nowhere near Louisiana more like Pennsylvania.Amazing food! I was born in Louisiana and lived there for ten years and always loved Cajun food. I thought Becks in reading terminal was the closest to Cajun I was gonna get IN Philly but Catahoula proved me wrong! The food is so Authentic and yummy. I tried the hush puppies, duck jambalaya, chicken étouffée and all were so tasty too. I also tried a taste of the seafood jambalaya and shrimp étouffée and they were tasty as well. The duck has a perfectly crispy skin and very tender juicy meat that just falls off the bone. Only gripe is how small this place is, not much seating and it's more like a sports bar.My friend was in from NY and we couldn't decide where to go for brunch and didn't want to walk too far. After an hour long discussion deciding between green eggs, Sabrina's, and cafe lift, we decided to try something closer probably with a much shorter wait. 
The restaurant was somewhat small with only one waiter. He informed us he was making Siracusa Bloody Mary's. The special was 11 dollars and included a beer. We all ended up getting a burger that had goat cheese, bacon, fried green tomatoes, BBQ aioli and came with creole spiced fries. It was absolutely delicious! I will definitely be back to try a po-boy!Quality food and drink in a great part of town.
Catahoula has a creole/cajun theme thing going on: po' boys, gumbo & such. The food is good. Real good. You won't go wrong with their "My Burger". It can go up against most, if not any, burger in the city. 
Don't expect some obscene eighteen page beer menu here, they have a handful of taps and maybe a dozen different bottles. They are all quality picks and range in a variety of styles. The bottle selections are heavy on the Abita in keeping with their theme, which is fine by me. 
Aside from the food and drink, what makes the Catahoula experience so enjoyable for me is the bar itself and its location. It has the coziness of a small corner bar, but is ample enough to handle a decent enough crowd. If it had a fireplace, it's the kind of place you would never want to leave come winter. Yes, it's that charming. It's a good place to watch a game and they're always playing great music too. 
The place is a gem which has rekindled my love of Queen Village.
I like it so much that come to think of it, forget you read this review!
Nothing to see there.....just move along. ;)The food was good and so was the service, but what we found to be extremely obnoxious was the fact that the owners were sitting behind us. It was super awkward. The ninety year old lady in their party kept turning around and giving my husband and I dirty looks. We are patrons, out to have a decent meal and a nice time. Not sure what her problem was, they were speaking Hebrew and we could not understand what they were saying about us, but we felt as though we were being racially profiled by the owners for being Latino. We enjoyed the food and drinks, but on principle, we won't frequent there.I am from Louisiana so I know what I am talking about when it comes to the cuisine. Catahoula is WONDERFUL! From the ambiance, the beer and spirits to the food, this place is great. I wish I lived in the neighborhood because they would see me every night! WHO DAT!1 star for food.  I cannot rate the entire place because I have not eaten inside since it became Catahoula.  I was not even planning to write this, but the private message I sent to the place has gone unanswered for almost a full month.
My husband bought us gumbo and bisque to go.  Of all dishes, you would think that a nice New Orleans style restaurant should be able to deliver on these.
Both dishes were inedible.
The gumbo was basically sausage and rice.
The roux for the bisque was not reduced so it tasted only of flour.
We put both into the garbage disposal:(.I travel a lot for work. A few years back I spent six months in New Orleans. I tried a lot of Jumbalaya and gumbo all over the French Quarter while I was there. Tonight I flew into Philly and I ate at Catahoula after reading the reviews on Yelp. The meal I ate tonight was just as good as anything I ate in New Orleans. The Gumbo was delicious and the Duck Jumbalya was delectable. I highly recommend this place.Amazing!  We would definitely come back again!
I found out about Catahoula from Groupon.  We got a great spend $20 and get $40 worth of food deal.
We went on a Sunday morning for their brunch menu.  The employees (chef, Kitchen staff, and bartender) were all very nice.  My husband and I ordered the Fried Green Tomatoes and the Eggs Benedict platter, that had the fried oysters in it.  That food was crazy good!!  Hot, fresh and great flavor!
The only negative thing...we ordered a cup of the gumbo to go.  When we got home and reheated it, we realized it was seriously burnt.  It probably was the bottom of the pot soup left over from the night before.  Although, that was gross, that wouldn't stop me from going back to try it again in a fresh batch.
We loved this place.This review is a little late. But I've been coming to Catahoula for about 5-6 years and since they went under new management everything is good. They even have a good bartender that can make a good iced tea. The food was delicious the service was exceptional. And yes I'm going back maybe 2 times a week if not more. Thank You new management for bringing that good Cajun food back.We discovered Catahoula's after being turned away from The Village Belle on a Sunday around 3pm and almost passed right by. It doesn't come across as a restaurant because of the Catahoula sign with the dog logo on it and maybe that's why it's so special- it's def. a neighborhood gem and this little Southern Belle was more than pleased to discover the New Orleans menu, which btw, since we arrived at 3, we could choose anything from the brunch or dinner menu- an extra bonus! We've since been here several different times and have tried a majority of the menu.
Hushpuppies (the best- spicy and larger than usual). Ghouda Grits (um, ghouda in my grits- yes, please!). Bacon-braised Collard Greens (they don't make them w/out bacon down south!). The hubby gets a "my burger" all the time and loves it.  
We were there for Valentine's Day because 1) they don't change the menu to some lame V-day menu and 2) they don't take reservations. We started with the hushpuppies (delicious again!) and fried green tomatoes (cut a little too thick, but tasty and spicy with the green onion aioli) I got the blackened snapper, truffled mushroom grits, ragout of crab, leeks, fennel & creole tomatoes and the hubby got the duck jambalaya (he loved it). 
Our favorite thing to do here is to order the peel-n-eat shrimp in creole spices/oil and a side of the ghouda grits. Peel some shrimp, put that on the grits, and then dip a forkful in to the oil. You will be praising little baby Jesus that you read this and tried it. I've never had their version of the shrimp and grits because this is honestly all I can think of. In fact, you can make a meal out of that alone between two people and be pretty satisfied!
Great beer list, too, (I love Abita brews!) and the service is always nice and casual (in a good way).
Special note: There are about 7 tables in the restaurant, so I would choose a not-so-busy time if you don't want to wait. The bar is long though, and usually has seating available. There's also an awesome patio!I thoroughly enjoyed Catahoula for brunch this weekend and want to be back asap to drink and get some po boys. The beer menu was extensive with good brews and good prices and our food was fantastic. 
We got some "big papa's folded eggs" which won me over with its goat cheese and creole sauce, and the eggs benedict that came with whole fried oysters and tasty tasso ham. You would never expect a fried oyster on there but it looked like the winner of this brunch party. The potatoes that came with both were seasoned really well. 
Prices were more than what was on their site and more than they should be for brunch so I was a tad grumpy about that, but it wasn't anything astronomical at least. My folded eggs probably shouldn't have been $14 especially when the benedict was too with fried oysters on it. Think they need to reevaluate the menu in that aspect, but they should leave the cheaper beer menu alone ;-)
Our server was spot on being friendly and helpful, but not in our face. The place was a bit smaller and not as fun as I was expecting it to be on the inside and our table was pretty much overlapping the bathroom/storage closet so I'm going for 4 stars for that. The chef also felt the need to come out and stare at us for a few minutes so he prevented that precious 5 star badge, but that's ok, he made some bangin food.Take out only review:
I ordered an oyster po'boy to go. It was disappointing, bland and over priced. Three very measly and limp fried oysters- and I only live about two blocks away, so it didn't stay wrapped up for very long. Much rather have the oyster po' boy from reading.Yummy food, definitely want to come back.
Stopped in on a warm weeknight and got an outside table right away.  The outside tables are set in a little lot next to the bar.  Strings of lights hang overhead between the bar and the building next door.  It's a perfect little nook for pretending you're somewhere else.  However, within a few minutes, one of the servers came out and opened two cabinets attached to the building, revealing two flat-screen TVs playing the Flyers game.  I found this strange and it definitely killed my atmosphere enjoyment a bit.  I'm not sure what their angle is here.  Are they trying to make it a cajun sports bar?  I sure hope not, but that's just me.  Not that I wouldn't come back if it was sports oriented, that just isn't at the top of my list of favorite eating/drinking atmospheres.
However, the food was delicious.  We started with the Creole Remoulade Shrimp.  Delish.  I had the duck jumbalya.  It was awesome.  It is served as a whole duck leg set on top of the rice/sausage/veg mixture.  This wasn't what I expected, but once I tasted it, I didn't care. Rich, deep flavor, yummy as hell.  My partner got the blackened trout, which was also really good.  I'm not a huge fish person and I rarely order it out, but I would order this next time I visit.  We also get a side of cornbread - butter, honey, delicious, done.  We finished with the bananas foster bread pudding which was ridiculous.  Dense, gooey, sweet, HUGE!  I had some serious guilt after eating it, but it was worth it.
Service was good, but a little...frantic?  It seemed like there were only two guys bartending and waiting the tables and there was a lot of running back and forth.  Each seemed to be waiting on our table and were often crossing each other's paths with drink orders.  But, they were very nice and food and drinks came out quickly.  Maybe they just need a little time to get into a rhythm.
Bottom line = check it out and I will be back!Food was pretty good. Service was decent. The wait for food was forever!! I order 3 dishes and it came 45 mins later. I had to constantly remind them to check in my food. They need some serious reorganization in the kitchen because the small restaurant was packed and food were coming out really slow. They work in one ticket at a time.Overpriced sandwich. Oyster po boy had 3 oysters in it, on a large hoagie. Disappointed to say the least.I almost forgot what Louisiana food tastes like...  This place is the closest you can get to New Orleans food in Philly.  
I went with the acadian gumbo and andouille sausage sandwich.  The gumbo was very good.  A little bit of a misnomer, considering that it's called acadian gumbo.  For an acadian (near Lafayette, more western Louisiana) gumbo, it was a little watery and needed a little bit more okra.  It was closer to New Orleans gumbo.  I also asked for either Tony Chachere's or Zatarain's creole seasoning which they didn't have.  But whatever, it was very good.  And for me, beggars can't be choosers.  The andouille sausage sandwich was excellent too.
Most importantly, this place has my 2 favorite beers of all time.  Abita Amber and Abita Purple Haze.  Both can be found in every establishment in Louisiana but nearly impossible to find here.  I'll definitely be coming here for pre-drinking or watching some football.
Also, I'll definitely be coming back for their dinner menu which has etouffee and jambalaya.   
One big negative: I came here for a Saturday late lunch.  The tv had a hockey game on when a southern bar definitely should have SEC football on every TV.  But I guess you can't replicate college football saturday above the mason-dixon line.
Overall, compared to a touristy french quarter restaurant, I'm giving this place 4.5 stars.  If this place was located in uptown New Orleans, this place would get 3.5 stars.  In Philadelphia, where the only competition is Cafe Nola, I'm rating this place 5+ stars.Once again Yelp has led me to a gem I would otherwise never have found. I visit Philly 4-6 times a year so I'm always on the lookout for new places. Catahoula is a great place to chill. I loved the outdoor patio and the Bourbon Peppercorn Steak was simply mind blowing. I figured I'd get a so-so steak with some sauce and that would be it. Holy cow, was I wrong! I ordered the steak medium and it came out perfect. Tender and juicy with an amazing explosion of taste from the mushroom ragout topped with the bourbon peppercorn sauce. It blew my expectations away. I also had a side of seafood jambalaya that was very tasty and nicely seasoned with the Cajun spices. The staff was attentive and very friendly without crossing the line of being overly bothersome. I had a great experience and as I promised Ashley (the bartender), I'll be be sure to visit Catahoula on my next trip to Philly!Catahoula is one of my favorite restaurants in Philly. It's a great neighborhood spot with great beer selection and incredible food. If you haven't been here go ASAP. They also have outdoor seating which is great when the weather is right.Fantastic spot on south front street in queen village.  Incredible menu.  Just about all on the menu is mouth watering.  Ed MThis is my favorite restaurant in Philadelphia at the moment. I have dined at Catahoula three times now and enjoy it more every time . Iam experienced in cajun style food and can say they execute this menu very well. I know they are consistent because I tend to get the same thing every time. My only peeve with the place is the amount of seating. Seeing as that the warmer months are approaching the outdoor seating will be utilized and accommodate more customers. I went there on Fat Tuesday and well I had to just leave due to no seating, I was sad :( But anyways..I highly recommend this place. THEIR GUMBO IS ACTUALLY BLACK UNLIKE OTHER RESTAURANTS IN THE CITY.....I also suggest ordering the po boy, jambalaya, hush puppies, creole shrimp. Keep up the great work!So stumbled on this place by chance. Had planned to go to Ms Toosties on south street. But they were closed. And I'm honestly happy they were!!! This place was great!! The hush puppies were great. I got the open face chicken biscuit sandwich and it was to die for!! So well seasoned it was huge but I couldn't finish even though I def tried! And I also got the smoked Gouda grits! Great! Lastly the bread pudding I got to go... reheated a couple days later and still prob as good as if I woulda ate it there. I HIGHLY recommend this place if your in the area!the blacken chicken po boy with aged cheddar was incredible. ON SARCONES BREAD. i think anything is improved by sarcones bread, but the ingredients aside were excellent on their own (damn you, carb-conscious diet). i opted not to have beer at the time but i noted several offerings that will be perfect on my next visit.
i also tried the duck jumbalaya, which had a nice kick to it. the duck was cooked to perfection.Things I like:
- Unapologeticly  New Orleans -- no dumbing down of flavors. 
- Adaptable for vegetarians
- A full cast of Abita beers available on tap and in bottle. They carry seasonals. 
-Good specials during Phillies games
-They've had Straub on tap in the past. This is a sign of very good judgment. 
-Breezy outdoor space with pretty, festive lighting.
-They threw a fun Mardi Gras party!
My pick: Truffled mushroom flatbread, one huricane, followed by two ice cold Jockamo drafts
My correction: A Sazerac is not a Manhattan with Sambuca.Things that are terrible: getting your car towed for no good reason.
Things that make it just a bit better: brunch at Catahoula.
I'm already an avid fan of dinner here, but breakfast was beyond delicious. The buttermilk cornmeal flapjacks are unlike any other pancakes I've had before; super thick, slightly crunchy, both sweet and savory in the same bite. No syrup needed, though the bit of fresh fruit on top is nice.
For $9 you can also get a crazy good deal on brunch specials: choice of an entree and side, plus a select draft beer.Food was awesome.  
Jambalaya, cheese balls, shrimp po boy were all amazing.
Not crowded for a Saturday night. 
Good people.I have never been to New Orleans, so I don't claim to be an expert on Cajun food.  However, I am an expert re: picking up on when the people who work in a restaurant want me to have a good time and come back.  Our bartender/waitress was extremely friendly, polite, and helpful -- and she even gave me a headsup about a big traffic problem that I was able to pass on to my two buddies who were still driving to the restaurant.
Chef Dave ain't messing around.  Is he making sure stuff is being done right in the kitchen?  Sure. But, he is also out and about in the dining room to make sure you know what to order and how to order it. Food allergies -- even complicated ones?  Not a problem -- bring it.  He will tell you exactly what he can and cannot do.  
We all enjoyed our food (etoufee, shrimp & grits, po' boy, appetizers, dessert, beer).
The place is very clean.  The bathroom is very clean, too -- always a big plus for me.  
They have outside seating in warm weather, too.  We'll be back!I had high hopes for Catahoula, but sadly left a little disappointed. 
I loved the atmosphere and if I lived close by, I could see it as a place I would frequent for spur of the moment drinks. I had a Pimm's cup, which I've had previously at Hop Sing Laundromat. The drink was not nearly as good as Hop Sing, but then again I don't know that this is a fair comparison.
For apps we ordered fried green tomatoes and hushpuppies. The tomatoes had too much breading for how thin the slices were, and the hushpuppies...I actually like the one's at Long John Silver's better. Sigh. I'm terrible.
My boyfriend ordered a burger and didn't seem disappointed or impressed with it. It was $13, which is a bit pricey imo.
I originally wanted to order shrimp and grits, but the collards have bacon in them. I asked the bartender if it was possible to get them without bacon, and was told I could just eliminate the collards all together. I decided to get the New Orleans shrimp. The sauce and rice was yummy, although the rice portion was really small. Piled on top was braised cabbage and bacon. It wasn't listed on the menu, and I was upset that it was given to me, after I had just finished saying I don't eat bacon. Annoying.
I'll give it another shot, but they better not give me bacon.I visited last night with my good friend Lauren. I heard about the "My burger" and wanted to check it out.   Catahoula is a small, welcoming bar tucked away on south front street.  The beer list has some good craft beers on tap; its nothing you won't around the city but even with six taps we were both able to find something to enjoy. Straub, Six Point, Dark Horse and Abita were all represented. 
The atmosphere here is great. Its not a big place, but there a nice long bar with about six tall four top tables around the rest of the room. There are several large flat screens, and all were playing sports while we were eating. This would be a great place to causally catch a game if you want to escape the normal monotony of a sports bar. The service was good, and the bar tender was helpful and welcoming. I can't completely put my finger on it, but something about Catahoula is welcoming and inviting. 
The menu here is great and I'd like to visit again to try some of the Cajun offerings. But the purpose of this visit was to try the "My burger."  Its a massive 9 oz patty cooked to order topped with goat cheese, bacon a fried green tomato and some kind of aioli.  I generally don't go for goat cheese on a burger, or in general, but I was really surprised by it.  I highly recommend trying it when you visit.
Honestly, this burger has too much going on.  I recommend getting something more simple.  One of the reasons is because the meat is delicious.  It's excellently prepared ground beef, and my medium-rare was as truly cooked as medium-rare can be.  The bun was a large, squishy buttery role that was the prefect delivery method for the patty.  The bacon and fried tomato were a little bit of flavor overkill.  THe cajun fries served with the burger are strong and flavorful.  My only other complaint is that at 9 oz, even I had trouble polishing it off.
Bottom Line: Catahoula servers a great burger, and I like this spot.  It's a little more pricey than I would like, but I'm still going to make this a to go spot.This is going to be a "get off my lawn" type of review. Food was really good, no complaints, quick service. I would have like food to come out in steps instead of all at once. 
Now for the negative- Maybe my expectations were off based. It is a bar after all. We just weren't looking for a loud obnoxious crowd. There were two young teenagers at table when 3 crude barely 21 year olds came in and sat at bar. Clearly drinking all day and made that known to staff. Likely could have been flagged somewhere else. Regardless, wouldn't have been a big deal if they weren't swearing every 2 seconds. F this, F that, F you....  Now, in theory this isn't the staff's fault but it was under their control. Don't serve them, ask them politely to watch the language, keep it down a little, and lastly............ do not do shots with them!  Not looking to get anyone fired, as she did a good job waiting on us but her comment that those 3 were what she was waiting for all night instead of boring customers was a bit out there. If you want good food and aren't an old fuddy duddy like me, this is a great place. Authentic New Orleans food, small dining area, great decor. If you don't want to dodge F bombs, order take out. It really is worth it.
Update-Gave it another try bc I love Cajun fare. Walked in around 11:30, sat down, bartender brings menu and explains the cook can make burgers or chicken fingers, left. If you have a late night menu, it should include items that match the whole reason most people would come in.The Shrimp and Grits was on point. I didn't want it to end. Warm and friendly staff. Definitely will be backCatahoula,oh Catahoula, after glowing recommendations (and hearing your name glide off my tongue), I had such high hopes. Perhaps the hush puppies were not flavorful enough without the dipping sauce, perhaps the blackened chicken flat bread was not "blackened" enough (I hate when people/restaurants think that the term "blackened" is synonymous with "slightly burnt") and was slightly mushy. To be fair, nothing was horrible but, on the other hand, nothing was memorable. It was all very meh.... but then again my friend thoroughly enjoyed his burger and the person who recommended Catahoula also raved about the burger so....I'm thinking I should have ordered the burger?I would give them 3.5 if I could. Fun , simple Cajun food, not overdone.  Awesome service, biz casual bar atmosphere.  We tried a bunch of sides and enjoyed them all, pickled veggies were good and interesting.The closest thing to Nola in the city!!! The entire staff is absolutely amazing!!!! Food is phenomenal!They have a brunch menu and an additional "Kegs and Eggs" menu on the weekends where you can pick a brunch entree and a draft beer for a sweet sweet price. I picked something off their regular brunch menu-- including the green fried tomatoes which were tart that was nice and crispy. The smoked gouda grits tickled everybody at the table. And this place was laid back, with no wait on a Saturday. I appreciate that.After having been here three times (November/April/August), I was disappointed by the service and food we had the 4th of August. 
The first time we visited catahoula was a great experience, from the service to the food. The second time, the service was somewhat lacking and the waitress seemed pretty grumpy to have us, but the food was great. 
This past Sunday however was pretty bad. We arrived and the bartender told us we could have a seat in the back. It then took ten minutes to get menus and water (I had to go inside to ask). Meanwhile the bartender came outside to grab mint from the plant box behind us and never acknowledged the fact that we hadn't been seen by a server yet. 
Besides that, we ordered our food and I got the Etoutffée (which I had had before) and my boyfriend got chicken wings. The étouffée was by far the least flavorful thing I've had. It was incredibly watery and the shrimp were unseasoned. The first time I had it here it was incredible. This time not so much. They were busy that night, so I suspect they were running low on the sauce and just kept adding water to it. 
The chicken wings were incredibly dry and under-seasoned. Our server never came back to check on how the food was until we piled up our plates at the end of the table.
Dessert? Well when we asked our server for chocolate walnut pie, he said they were out of it, and in fact they were probably out of all the desserts. But he didn't erase them from the board after being done saying so. Leaving him for a night of awkward "sorry, we're out if it" s.
I'm willing to be lenient because I'm a server myself, it seemed to be a busy night for them. Perhaps hiring a host or having a manager there would be helpful. A busser would be helpful tool (dirty plates stayed on empty tables long after customers were gone). But I could not forgive the poor quality of the food. It was bland and a downright embarrassment to Cajun cuisine. This third venture there was for sure our last.I kind of loved this place.  
I heard about Catahoula from a co-worker of my mother's.  She was talking all about it and I had to admit that I had never even heard of it.  I felt ashamed and unworthy of my "Elite" status.  But I bookmarked it and carried on....knowing I would make it there eventually. 
Well I did!  Me and fellow Yelp friend, Lana F., chose it to celebrate early Thanksgiving on a cold and rainy Tuesday night.  When I finally arrived after a soggy wait at the bus stop and then eventual cab ride, Lana was perched at her bar stool, 1/2 a beer and an order of Hush Puppies deep.  She had gotten a head start....darn it! 
As it turns out, I had another reason to celebrate that evening - I gave notice at my current job earlier that day in order to start a new leg of my career and was in a jolly mood.  I immediately informed the bartender and ordered up two glasses of bubbly.  He congratulated me and gave us the two most generous pours of champers I have seen outside of my own living room!  Thank you, kind sir! 
After quick inspection of the menu,  I placed my order of boneless hot wings (HH priced at $5!) and a cup of gumbo.  I asked about the size of a cup vs a bowl and the bartender was good enough to let me know that a cup was a really nice serving and he was right - the "cup" was way more like a bowl and it was perfect.  The wings were HOT.  My nose was running, I was sweating and they were just what I needed after coming inside from the rain.  My Abita Amber was the perfect accompaniment as it helped me keep eating and eating.  The gumbo was super tasty and chock full of deliciousness - sausage, chicken, ham, rice - all the goods!  Lana had the HH fried oysters ($5) and a cup of the Crawfish Bisque which she gave thumbs up to and mentioned it had a nice kick to it.  
But friends, we didn't stop there!  As the bar got increasingly crowded, we continued to imbibe and then ate again!  Lana the grits, me the pecan pie and an Abita Turbo Dog while I was at it!.  We just couldn't seem to get enough of Catahoula.  
It was tough to leave this warm and inviting place especially knowing we were going back out to the rain but Lana plans to bring her hubs back and I plan to tag along so it shouldn't be too long until we're back on the bar stools trying some more yummy Cajun food!   This place is definitely worth checking out and then returning!Ok. Seriously I don't know where to begin! I guess I'll start with Adam. Super cool super friendly waiter/bar matron. He always make sure our orders are right and he makes the drinks exactly how my wife and I like them. Next the food! The food is ridiculously ridiculously ridiculous good!!!!!!. I mean hands down some of the best food we've ever had, we've been here 3 times in a months time and have had at least 9 different dishes and everything is great!! From the Mac and cheese balls to the catfish to bbq chicken to fried shrimp to the steak to the onion rings to the list goes on! Everything in this place is beyond delicious! My wife and I will return very soon with friends because there's no way we can keep this gem to ourselves! My only wish is that they would allow the mix drinks to be a tad bit stronger. Other then that if I could give this place 10 stars  I would it's that great!!!My friend lives nearby so I met up with her at Catahoula one Saturday night to have a few drinks and catch up. I knew the place was small since I had been to the previous incarnation for dinner. The new look is much more  laid back and it had a friendly neighborhood vibe. I think everyone there that night was from Queen Village, maybe from not many blocks away. We sat at the bar and had drinks and some food.
The cocktails are great. They're classics without any of the high concept crap some places thinks makes them better neither are they too sweet or too cute. They drink easy. Have a few and you're back in the old French Quarter with gentlemen in cravats talking business in the dining halls of that fair city.
We had some food because just alcohol won't do. I had a "cup" of the gumbo. The broth was intense and heavy with roux. I thought I ordered a "cup" but it came in a bowl and was rife with sausage and seafood bits that make all good gumbo. At $5 it was a steal. My friend had some of the flatbreads they said were good, but really, who messes up flatbread?
The TVs are annoying. It's like the place can't decide what it wants to be. If its an upscale neighborhood sports bar with great New Orleans food, then that's fine but they will only pull in certain clientele. Maybe that's the intention. I don't know. I'm curious to try the food but I'll try and go when there isn't a game on.
Bartenders were really nice.Had a little mishap with the computer system the night I went, effectively delaying the service by about an hour. Waiter apologized, gave us a free round of beers, and we got on with our lives.
asked for a blackened catfish po-boy. Not quite like the ones back in NOLA or Houston, but hey, not bad. I'll try a regular one next time. However, I was a fan of the fried pickles. They had a heavy cornmeal breading/batter...could not stop snacking on them.
Like the general vibe. I will be going back again.I went here with a friend from a Groupon we purchased. The wait staff was very kind and welcoming. The service was speedy for a bar. Now the food... EVERYTHING!! I ordered the fried catfish plate. It was AMAZING! They fill the plates up until they spill over. All the Cajun flavors were in every bite. I would definitely recommend this restaurant/bar.Awesome is all I can say-:)
Great atmosphere. Quaint location great service.  Just as good as being in NOLA!This place is a hidden gem! I first found it while running in the neighborhood and then found an AmazonLocal deal for there! The food is amazing and comparable to the flavors you will find in New Orleans without all the heat (unless you request it). My boyfriend and I went and sat at the bar. The bartender was great and chatted with us throughout the night! He took note of my boyfriend's Flyer's hat and put the game on the tv in front of us without being asked. The smothered chicken and the RIBS were so freaking good. I love this place and will definitely be back!Cool little spot with nice outdoor seating.  I didnt eat (got some fries at the bar) so this review is based on my experience while having a few drinks and watching the Phillies and Sixers.  
The beer selection is good.  A full lineup of Abita beers goes hand in hand with the creole theme.  The Abita beers are good, but a little overpriced at $5.  Still though, it could be worse.  They also had 4 rotating beers on tap and some other various cans and bottles.  The place was crowded but not packed.  Exactly how you want a bar to be.  
The food being served around us looked delicious and I'll be back to test it out.I came here last night for dinner around prime dinner time and was able to get a table outside in their cozy courtyard/alley set up. 
Our server, can't remember his name unfortunately, was on point. As soon as the word "recommend" came up, he blurted Duck Jambalaya. I love that. All too often, you get an answer with a question "well...what do you like?" I mean I understand, but once in a while a girl likes to be told what she likes, know what I mean? 
He also steered us towards the craw-fish bisque, which was excellent. Also on our food bill was the catfish po'boy, delicious.   The catfish was cooked perfectly, not too fish-n-chip-ish.  The bread, as soon as I touched it I knew we would get along.  And the U-pick'em shrimp. Pick'em I did. Also yummy. 
For dessert, also recommended by our server, we had the bread pudding banana foster. By the end of the meal, I would've called him daddy. I'm reserving a star though in my pocket though, because it was only our first date and I have to see if Catahoula pleases me the second go round.My husband and I had previously dined (about 1 yr ago) at Catahoula and had a wonderful experience; the food was exceptional! For Memorial day, we were craving some creole food and thought it would be a great idea to go back. Unfortunately our latest experience was nowhere near as good as our last. 
We ordered the fried oyster appetizer which came out slightly cold. The oysters had green goo running out of them which turned me off however, to the restaurants defense evidently its natural and can depend on what the oyster was feeding on. The shrimp and grits also came out cold but the BBQ came straight off the grill. Overall the food was only ok (like a 2 star where before I would have given them 4.5). 
To top it off they only had one server working and he was also the bartender. The poor guy really seemed stretched thin as he tried to manage all his tables; they really should have given him some assistance. 
Needless to say, we are bummed about the restaurant from this last experience and it would deter me from coming back in the near future.Dropped in the other night to watch the Flyers game and answer a po'boy craving. I found the space almost empty, but perked up when the game special was $3 Chicory Stout. My friend arrived, and we stayed at the bar, both ordering oyster po'boys.
The sandwiches did not disappoint. A crumbly yet soft roll could not contain an ample pile of perfectly fried oysters. The tangy remoulade worked well despite not being as spicy as I'd prefer. I got mine with fries, as I'm usually wary of the side salad being handful of wilted lettuce doused in vinaigrette. But my friend's side salad was no joke, a serious caesar salad that could easily be a starter.
The space has a nice neighborhood bar feel, and multiple TVs to watch the game. Our bartender was attentive and friendly, and the cook popped out to ask how our food was. If I live a bit closer, it would probably be a regular haunt for me.Received Groupon = motivation to go here. Creole cuisine...yes, please.
It's in a quaint residential neighborhood, which unfortunately means the parking is horrendous, but we were not going to be deterred. Upon entering, we noticed it is much smaller than we expected; it definitely has a neighborhood feel. We got a table in the back by the kitchen and ordered some beer they had on tap....probably a Kenzinger or something, nothing crazy.
The food. Oh my. The Duck Jumbalaya was phenomenal. Spicy, hearty, flavorful, texture is right on, and it looks pretty. :) Also, the gumbo is quite different and delicious. It is a little more loose than your typical gumbo, very, very dark, and a little salty. Try it, it is worth it. 
I would definitely revisit for some more jumbalaya. Also, it looks like there is an area for outdoor seating on warmer days.Went here on Memorial Day for the first time. Very good beer selection and the bartender was really helpful. I got the Houla burger which was cooked perfectly. Can't wait to go back and try some other stuffTraffic was pretty heavy on Columbus so I took the back roads back to the office from Staples.  This is how I came to be on Front in front of Catahoula.  The fact that Mardi Gras had just passed and I miss my Nawlins friends probably influenced my mood for a po'boy and since there was a sign saying po'boys I decided to go on in.
The place seemed clean and smelled good as I sidled up to the bar.  The bar tender set me up with my drink and a menu.  I asked for his recommendations and got the pulled pork po'boy.  I really enjoyed the flavor combo and wolfed that bad boy down.  
I would totally return to this place the next time I have a hankering for some Cajun.A friend of our took my boyfriend and I to this place for dinner. The place is fairly small inside. I wanna say maybe...4-5 tables and the bar. We got there around 6:30pm and all the tables were all taken.
We ordered the fried green tomatoes and cornmeal crusted oysters for appetizer. The oyster was great! The green that came with it was very tasty as well. For the dinner, I ordered the Big Bubbas Pasta with chicken and my boyfriend got the shrimp po-boys. The pasta was fantastic! Perfect portion, it doesn't overfill you nor it is a tiny portion. It also was rich and creamy enough that I can actually finish the whole dish instead of getting tired of it half way. It also has a hint of spiciness but nothing too spicy.The po-boys: the shrimp was great but the fries that came with it was super salty and the bread & green were super dry. 
The reason why this place only get 3 stars is because even though their food is tasty, it is nothing extraordinary. Their dishes are pretty common. Another reason is that we waited for more than an hour for our entrees to come up. I don't think I have ever waited that long for food to come out. We were never really told why our food took so long to come out. Looked like there was only one server (who also worked as a bartender) that night (I'm assuming there was only one chef in the back too). Despite slow service, he was nice and attentive. 
With that being said, this was our first time here so we would consider give it another try next time we're in the area.We stopped in for drinks and the bartender was very friendly. It was a bit quiet in the bar but was a nice casual place to get a drink.Pretty authentic southern creole cuisine. Staff are very friendly. Try the fried green tomatoes.As someone who has been to New Orleans,
this food was pretty authentic cajun/ creole food and it was delicious.
Plenty of Louisiana beer (6-7 Abita selections on draft).
They have a nice little alleyway outside the restaurant, with umbrellas, and lights strung up above them. A hidden al fresco destination.
Got hushpuppies as a starter. Light and fluffy, and comes with a remoulade dipping sauce.
Also got a blackened chicken po' boy. It was very delicious, again covered with remoulade, cheese, lettuce and tomatoes. 
Others at my table had oyster and soft shell crab fried and cornmeal. They also loved it. 
Looks like the have crawfish boils on Tuesday.  Another interesting southern feat. All in all a great place.Great small but big enough for a stroller outside dining space.I used Groupon for the dinner, and I was charged 20% tip as a mandatory tip without my knowledge! The waitress didn't tell us the tip is included in the total. Made me feel like it's a scam! 
For the whole restaurant, these was only one waitress running around, making drinks, taking orders.... the service was an disappointment. 
Won't go back!This place is just so damn good.  Service is extremely friendly, espcially the manager, who is not only sweet as pie but also mixes up a mean bloody mary weekend mornings.  The cocktails aren't really up my alley, as I'm not much of a bitters-and-brown-liquor kind of gal, but I do like that they have a theme and are sticking with it.  The beer selection is well thought-out and has a rotating selection on tap.  The wine list is small, at about 3 whites and 3 reds, but adequate unless you're a real wine connoisseur.  The food, of course, is the real star here.  The gumbo is rich, hearty, spicy, and delicious, and the you-peel shrimp (especially that sauce!!) is to die for.  The fried catfish was light and crispy on the outside and moist on the inside, and served with tasty, thin-cut cajun fried.  Brunch was a amazing-- I got eggs with some sort of delicious homefries.  Everything here is rich on flavor, and anyone with a taste for spice and bold tastes should appreciate that.
If you're choosing between the chilled shrimp with the remoulade and the ones you have to peel yourself, though-- go for the you-peel.  The shrimp with the remoulade are good, obviously, but they get a bit lost in the sauce and the you-peel are TO.DIE.FOR.The food far surpassed my expectations. The cornmeal crusted oysters were remarkable for the artful melding of flavor and texture. The atmosphere is casual, it feels more like a South Philly bar than a gastropub. The service was efficient. It's a great place for dinner before or after a movie at the Ritz or the Riverview.My man and I live close by and we love this place! We go there for brunch, dinner, lunch, happy hour...etc.  And we have NEVER had anything on the menu we did not like!  Some of our favorites include: fried pickles, oyster po-boy, omlet, big pappa's folded eggs, biscuits, shrimp po-boys, fried green tomatoes, and ANY of the desserts! : ) 
Also, the service is always great, and the people who work there who are always really sweet.Have walked by this place several times and several items on the menu sounded good. Stopped by for brunch. I've been looking for a good French toast ever since moving to Queen Village. Other places have been bland, soggy or both. Catahoula's "Brioche French Toast with Banana Rum Compote and Too Much Whipped Cream" did not disappoint. Crispy on the outside but soft inside. The bananas were sauteed but still firm. And as described -- a LOT of whipped cream! 
Take the time to read the signs both inside and outside the restaurant -- it really gives you an idea of the restaurant's laid-back attitude.Had Friday night dinner on a whim at Catahoula. When we showed up waiting to be seated, everyone in the place gave us a weird stare - apparently you could can seat yourself. Considering both the Sixers and the Phillies were playing that night, there was a decent crowd and no indoor seats were available. We sat outside, though chilly, and had a prime table between the two TVs playing the games.
Service was okay. We gave our food order with our drink orders (water) and pretty much the servers didn't check in with us at all until we asked for the check.
Catahoula gets 4 stars in my book though, because the buffalo wings were pretty decent and the po' boys we had were SPOT ON. Soft shell crab for him and oyster for me. Fried to a hot, crisp perfection, dressed with lettuce, tomatoes, and remoulade, sandwiched between a toasted roll. And the seasoned crab fries? Yes, please, and thank you. We left with full bellies and the excitement of having found another sweet neighborhood spot.Good food. Good service. Good drinks. Great place to wat and hang out with friends. Make sure to order the hush puppies and jambalayaWent here for my birthday in May and it was great!
They sell crawfish by the pound. It's delicious. They fly their crawfish in from Louisiana. The reason it tastes so good is because they salt the crawfish so they expel all their ickiness. When they're cooked, they absorb all the spices! We also had the mussels. Great flavor.
Took off a star because they only had one waitress when we got there at 6pm and service was slow.Came in here for dinner on a weeknight. We were the only ones there for a little bit but then people started to trickle in. 
We ordered the boneless buffalo chicken for an app and it was good. The buttermilk blue cheese sauce was quite tasty with the hot sauce. DH got the shrimp po'boy which he said was delicious. Perfect balance of shrimp, bread, and sauce. I got the stuffed burger with gouda which was soooo good. Anything stuffed with pickles, bbq sauce, and cheese is ok in my book. 
Overall the service was good (granted we were the only ones there), beer selection looked good, and the food was good. Probably won't go out of my way to go here since I don't live in the neighborhood, but if I find myself down there I wouldn't hesitate to go back for either dinner or drinks.First time here and I will definitely return whenever in Philly. It is very small with only about 5 high top tables and the bar seating.  The food is New Orleans food and has amazing flavor.  I had the catfish Po Boy with fries.  The portions are plenty without gorging  the catfish hung slightly off the roll and the roll was not chewy or hard. My friend had the shrimp étouffée and again bursting with flavor and spicy.  The beer choices are excellent as well.  The price is great for the quality and portion of food. Wanted to try the bread pudding with bananas foster but they were out. The only thing that could have been improved was the friendliness of the service.  He didn't seem to want to answer any of our questions.  I asked which dish would he recommend and got they're both good. He was very " just tell me what you wAnt because I don't want to deAl with you" attitude. Not horrible did the most basic of service  he could get away with.  Not bad enough service compared to quality and price of food not to return. So I will definitely go back and just hope I get someone else as a server.This is definitely a best kept secret in Queen Village!  Tiny place but the food has a big punch!  Absolutely delicious!I really wanted to like this place, hoped it could be my new neighborhood bar. But the service was horrible, I would have ordered much more if any of the servers that walked by had actually stopped to ask. I also made the mistake of ordering the Caesar salad. I don't normally have high expectations for a Caesar salad to begin with, but this managed to still fall short with plain, wilted iceberg lettuce and that's about it. The music in Tuesday night was great, which is why it got two stars...Small intimacy great food, the new chef is doing wonders. Service was great.
Suggest that they might have a few southern drinks on the menu to help push the new theme along.Came here for my birthday/Mother's dinner day dinner over the weekend. Came around 4ish as a party of such. 
Decided to sit in the side outdoor area to enjoy the weather which also features flatscreen TV's to catch the games and bowls for canines as they are pet-friendly if you decide to bring your four-legged friends. And though they probably aren't technically for such, there's atleast 3 outlets to charge your phone out there as well when in need. 
We were seated and served right away, though, they were out of quite a few menu items including their Hurricane drink and didn't have candles to sing happy birthday, either. We wound up doing that on our own back at my mom's house. 
The food was overall good. We got two orders of the drunken, mussels, raw oysters, boneless wings, the bourbon peppercorn burger, seafood jambalaya, and 2 surf-n-steaks. The only dish I found fault with was the first. A noticeable amount of them were inedible whether it be odd-tasting, broken, closed, or just plain empty. I do hope it was an off night because otherwise the broth they came in was awesome and perfect for dipping and the good mussels were quite tender. Nowhere close to rubbery or even chewy. 
All of that plus all of our drinks (beers, cocktails, and iced tea) on top of a double order of bananas foster bread pudding for dessert came to about $180+tip. 
Would return for a night out again.We ordered through TryCaviar and this one took closer to the full expected hour, but what can you do?  When you order through a weird delivery service, you're at the mercy of that service.
Anyway, this food definitely delivered.  We were craving fried fish so we got the fried catfish sandwich, the crispy shrimp po'boy and the fried mac n' cheese balls.  All were delicious and HUGE.  The catfish was comically large and SPICY- the tartar sauce was mixed with their voodoo hot sauce they use for their wings.  My boyfriend handles spice well and even he was tearing up after this.  Still so so good, though.  My po'boy was also gigantic, with at least 10 pieces of fried shrimp, lettuce, tomato, pickles and a tartar/aioli.  The only thing I didn't like was the pickles- I thought they were just dill but they were pickled in something different I wasn't keen on.  No biggie, I just took them off.  Next time, I'd actually rather order a fish and chips platter cause the bread of the bun is unnecessarily filling.
The fries were seasoned really nice but completely soggy by the time I got them (blame it on delivery, really- fries never hold up).  The mac n' cheese balls were BANGIN'.  Uhhh, so good.  Super crispy on the outside and creamy on the inside and served with a delicious, smoky style dipping sauce.  I could make a meal of just those.
I will definitely order from here again.3.5 stars.  Love this little New Orleans inspired bar.  Its got a cool style and great location.  We love grabbing a late lunch and beer there occasionally.  Food is just ok.  Really wish it were better.  Great place for a beer and apps.ORDERED DELIVERY
I can't comment on the decor or the service because I ordered delivery through dining in. I ordered the hushpuppies and the shrimp basket. The shrimp (they weren't devined, which kind of grosses me out) were perfectly fried as were the hushpuppies. The hushpuppies had a smooth consistency, I read other reviews that noted pieces of corn, but no real flavor. It just tasted like fried dough and need the tartar sauce for flavor. The onion strings that came with the fried shrimp were OK. They reminded me of the fried clam strips you get from Red Lobster, which isn't saying much. Overall, I really liked the shrimp. So I will write an update soon, once I actually visit this place, and try more of their menu itemsI had a great brunch here! I committed to come back here easily the first bite of my "loose scrambled eggs". It had incredible flavors.   I ordered that, very good coffee and had a killer good bloody mary.   All good.  The shared dessert we had was the brioche bread pudding which really made you want to go to confession (good thing it was Saturday!)  Great brunch had by all.We wanted a late, late dinner in the neighborhood and Catahoula was one of the few (OK - two) places that were still open.  I was a little concerned about the recent post that said the food was suffering since Chef Paul Martin left...he must have left his recipes at the restaurant because the food was pretty great.  I had the barbecued pork po'boy (rich, tangy, chewy, tender, smoky meat with a deep peppery flavor on a lightly crisped roll) and the awesome pickled vegetables (beets, asparagus, green beans, mushrooms and okra, al dente and beautifully arranged in a tiny casserole); my husband had the side salad (no comment) and the duck jambalaya ('Pretty good' - and he's picky).  The bartender, who also served us, was super sweet and friendly and patient while we dithered over the menu.  Atmosphere was - well, it's a bar that serves food.  Great food.  Go.A fantastic addition to the neighborhood....excellent gumbo, great po-boys, and great service...all set in great atmosphere.....would like to see some wine by the bottle (only served by-the-glass).... Otherwise, no complaints.....Tried this place for the 1st time.  Décor is okay, not the most comfortable/warm place.  More of a bar with some tables for dining.  The food was decent, not bad not amazing.  The fried pickles and tomatoes were average.  The ribs and fried catfish were good.  Cornbread was very good.  The issue was how long it took to get food.  The kitchen had two guys and they were sloooowww.  Seemed like they were only cooking one table/check at a time.  Not very efficient or fast.  Two apps (both simple fried items) should have taken 5-10 minutes but took about 30 minutes.  The entrée time wasn't any better.  Took almost 45 minutes for 2 entrees.  The place is small with not many tables so there's no reason to be that slow.  Service was average and friendly.  They just need to get food out much faster.  Not worth the wait..The hubby and I stopped in for brunch last saturday and were blown away once again. They have brunch specials along with drink specials for the phillies games.
I had Poached eggs over homemade biscuits with pork gravy and Gouda Grits...my mouth is watering just thinking about it again. It was so amazingly good, i save a little to eat later adn savor the flavor. The hubby ordered a spicy frittata with potatoes. And the special came with a draft beer for only $9.
The place is really clean, and comfortable. The staff is always really friendly.
Definitely give it a try!My boyfriend and I came back from NOLA and were craving some Cajun/Creole food, so a friend suggested that we check out Catahoula.  We walked up to the little restaurant/bar and found it pretty crowded, but luckily we were able to get a seat in the back for the two of us.  It looks like there's a nice outdoor area to sit in, so we'll definitely be back in the spring to check it out.
The waiter/bartender came over to give us the good news that there was a game day special for $3 Nola drafts, so we were all over that.  For appetizers, we got the hush puppies and Cajun wings.  I'm not a fan of hush puppies because I think they're dry and tasteless, but the BF, who aparently is a hush puppy connoisseur, agreed they were not the best.  The Cajun wings were delicious and had just the right amount of seasoning.  (I would definitely come back for those and the beer alone!)  
Like a true Yelper, I was on the menu and Yelp earlier in the day and had decided on the blackened trout for dinner.  The waiter informed me that they had just run out of the trout but could do the meal with tilapia instead.  Bring on the tilapia!  My boyfriend decided to go with one of the specials - a peppercorn burger (how un-NOLA of him).  When the meals came out, I was super excited to eat mine - there was a huge serving of tilapia with a delicious looking ragout with shrimp on the top and served on a bed of truffled grits.  Heaven.  The BF's burger was a burger...nothing too special.  Anyway, back to my meal - it was awesome.  The tilapia was cooked perfectly and the truffled grits were tasty.  My meal was fantastic...the burger was average.
I will definitely come back to Catahoula.  Good food, good people.  Can't beat that!Going 4 stars on this one. I think this was great food for a "lets go out and have some drinks, with some decent food". I wouldn't flat out go here expecting you to get your shoes blown off because the food was that awesome. Its great food, to accompany a few drinks with. We went on Friday night and had about a 30-45 minute wait for a table.l Its small and we went around 8:30-9:00. We ended up sitting in a back corner but it wasn't that bad. Not sure if they take reservations but if they do then that would be the way to go.
I had the oysters. They weren't too bad. I don't like getting them with vinaigrette but they had some Tabasco on the table so that greatly helped. They were $2.50 each, which on any other day I would NOT have paid that, but I really wanted some that night.
I also had the burger. My burger I believe it was called. It was fantastic! It had a brioche roll which I dig. It was huge but manageable and if you're on a burger quest like I am then give it a try. It probably wont be your favorite but it'll sure give your top picks a run for their money.
We had the grits also. They were good but a little loose for my taste. I like grits that are tight in consistency and a little tastier. All in all they were good but I wouldn't get them again.
Hush puppies. I personally did not  like them. They had too much garlic or some other spices in them. I find hush puppies should not be altered. Ball it up, fry it up and give it to me. No need to go fancy here - they taste just damn fine by themselves.
The flat bread. Very tasty but maybe too much of a bacon flavor. As a guy, I'd never think I'd ever say something had too much bacon taste, but it some how did. It just overwhelmed to other flavors.
Craw fish soup. Was very good, although not much craw fish in it. Wasn't very thick either but it did have a good taste.
Brioche bread pudding with bananas foster. Probably the best dessert I've had in quite some time. I would get it again in a heartbeat although I think it would be better if it were served with ice cream. Just a thought.
Bottom line; Great food if you want to get out of the house and go for some drinks, while you're hungry.I think this is one of the best small bar restaurants in Philadelphia. I had not heard anything about it and then saw some of the reviews on Yelp. Many of them were outstanding but I figured they were from friends and family. Let me tell you, this place is outstanding. Now granted last night was my first time there but everything I had was really good. First of all be prepared. This is a small space dominated by a long bar. High top tables line the wall opposite the bar. This is not fine dining, but that should not matter. The bartenders and waitstaff were very friendly and informed. I started off with the roasted oysters topped with crab and saffron thyme and lemon sauce. They were amazing. One of the oysters wasn't cooked much (if at all) but since I like raw oysters I didn't mind. Next up was the Braised Duck Jambalaya. The duck was cooked perfectly and had a great taste. The Jambalaya was some of the best I have had. I ate every last spec of rice from my plate the flavor was so good. I finished with the Bread Pudding covered in Banana's Foster and whip cream. This was unbelievably good. Some of the best bread pudding I have had in years. I highly recommend this place. It's not fancy but its good. The only reason I didn't give it five stars above is because of the atmosphere. Still nice but to much like a bar, not a restaurant. But don't let that stop you from going.  Oh, and don't let me forget the unique and great beer selection.Went in a group of four. Nothing wild. No one tried to seat us, the bar tender said "we're full" as soon as we stepped in the door and when we asked if we could sit outside he said "I have no idea." We found a dirty table to sit at patiently outside. The waitress finally came over and said she'd clean it up. 15 mins later she did. We decided to move inside because it was cold. Took another 15 mins before we could order drinks. When we finally put in our food order, we waited about an hour for the appetizers. Food came shortly after. Food was good!!!!! (Not completely filling). I WILL say the waitress took off the cost of 2 beers because of how inconvenient it all was. Would not go back. Would not recommend. Food wasn't worth the poor treatment/ service. Maybe I'd go back for a (not so quick) drink. Maybe..One of the best meals I have had in a while. Small but cute outside dining area. The staff is wonderful and the owners are super friendly. Great for families and even better for outdoor drinking!! Oh that bbq shrimp, I can eat it all day long. The puck and peel was perfectly seasoned and cooked. This place is a must tryI was really excited to try catahoula. after reading the reviews who would not be?
so what happened you ask? Some of the worst service I have ever gotten in my life. (we sat at the bar)
I dont want to rat and get anyone in trouble so i wont drop names or descriptions. But the owners better take a good look at their staff.
the food was actually great even though it took just under an hour for 2 dishes to come out. while other people that ordered after us got their food before. (i ordered steak and eggs..steak cook med rare)
I dont know what everyone raves about. you could not pay me to go back there.
p.s the "decor" reminds me of a college bar. A crappy, boring college barThe staff is by far the best aspect of this place.  If they served keg beer in solo cups and hot dogs I'd go back.
Luckily, Brian & Dave in the  kitchen do know what they're doing.  Try the sliders, the po boys, the gumbo, and any special they have that night.
The draft list changes regularly, they always have the abita listings, and Sean makes a great negroni.  
Donnie's conversations are just as good as his drinks.  Though I live nearby, I often have a hard time getting home after getting lost in Donnie's eyes.
I'll definitely be back...  Probably tonight.Excellent off the beaten track restaurant.
Food is fantastic, prices are average, and the beer list is also good.  Worth the trip of a few extra blocks from the mediocre (Artful Dodger) and overpriced (Stella) in the same area.Don't go there for a salad. Their other food looked great but because I'm gluten free I went salad and it was below average. Cute atmosphere... Wish they had gluten free bread.Food was great! Service even better! Super friendly, made us feel so welcome!Tiny bar and grill.  I had never had jambalaya with duck before and it is amazing, good heat, and the duck fat mixed with the rice works really well.  The po boys were ok, the bread wasn't great (harder and heavier than I think a po boy should be) and to me the bread really makes the sandwich.  The remoulade on the po boy was good though.  
Service was quick, kind, and with no big fuss.  The place was pretty quiet and low key.  
They have Abita on tap!  I hope that they have strawberry abita in the spring, I will definitely be checking back for that.Avoid!
We just had food delivered from this place and are heartily sorry we chose it. For $9 each, we got two bowls of what was termed Acadian gumbo, but was really just a large bowl of rice with a thick floury gravy and a few specks of what tasted like ham. A gigantic disappointment. There was something of a burned taste about it also, and I know enough about Cajun food, to know it isnt supposed to taste  burned. We shared one order of New Orleans BBQ shrimp appetizer and that consisted of 5 small shrimp and cornbread. It was an average tasting dish but not $14 worth.  Then we shared an order of Fried catfish which came with fries and cole slaw. A below average dish, but it had a price tag of $18. We couldn't believe the positive reviews this place gets on Yelp. They must have changed chiefs. We are new to Queen Village, so were looking forward to adding a great Cajun restaurant to our list of favorite places. Unfortunately, we will be adding this eatery to our list of restaurants to avoid.Perfect fried seafood
Louisiana style
Don't sleep on the drinks
Front Street is rarely my first thought when planning a night out, and Catahoula is just far enough off the beaten South Street path that it seems off the radar. One look at the menu here and I figured I'd have to come back a few times. After eating, I knew for sure.
The smaller eatery is all high tops, with two large televisions above the bar. It's a cozy feel, with big windows to let in the night and dimmed track lighting. Phoebe the bartender (more on that momentarily) mentioned that they're usually playing Pandora's Tom Waits Radio.
There are a few great spots in Philly to grab a perfect cocktail, and Phoebe's drinks have definitely landed Catahoula on that list. Alongside the signature French 75's and Sazeracs, she offers a farmers market cocktail on Tuesdays. Recently it consisted of fig jam, bulleit and a few other magical ingredients that all added up to a sweet, bitter and savory drink I could have sipped on all night. She also obliged when I ordered 'something with rye,' creating the perfect post dinner cocktail. Don't sleep on the Sazerac too. It's just about perfect.
So the drinks are deft and worth the price, but the food is solid too. Started out with a crawfish bisque which was smooth and spicy, followed by some oysters. There weren't any fancy frills, just oysters, a lemon wedge and a tangy green tabasco mignonette. The selection is different every day. I hate super salty oysters, which these were not. Ask if you don't know the lay of the seafloor.
I followed with the catfish po-boy, not because it seemed 'safe' but because I wanted catfish and the big papa plate seemed a little much. The sandwich was perfect. There are few things more awful than seafood that's been ruined by breading and frying, but that wasn't the case here. The breading was fluffy and light, and uniformly thin all over, with no residual grease. The toasted bun and tomato were just sidekicks. The creole spiced fries didn't last long either!
We finished with the roasted pear and crumb topping, of which a bite went uneaten between three of us because we were so packed from the rest of the fare.
It's definitely a ride for me from Grad Hospital, but worth it. This is one of those places where I fully plan on eating my way through the entire menu sooner rather than later.I brought the family the other night. Not exactly the type of place I would expect to accomodate kids, but they did a hell of a job. They even made a meal not on the menu for my picky daughter, who eats nothing but pasta. The wait staff and chef were very friendly. The food was amazing. I had the Duck Jambalaya. I would definately order it again. Good beer selection. Overall, the place had a nice feel to it. Whether you are looking for a small comfortable bar, or a place to get amazing food, this is definately the place.Diamond in the rough. Tiny little place, a bar really, but the food was wonderful. 
We had fried green tomatoes, boneless buffalo wings, fried catfish, a pasta. Everything was homemade and truly southern style. 
Special shout out for cole slaw and French fries - stupendous. 
Went here on Groupon to try it out. It's a hit and we'll be back!I was surprised by the crispness of the soft shell crab po boy. The ingredients we're on point - fresh greens, sizeable crab, and a well toasted bun. Though having been to NOLA, I wished there was butter on the sandwich to give it some richness. The accompanying fries were heavy on the spicy seasoning, but the kick left a good pop! The ambiance matches the food - clean, crisp but holding back on being too indulgent. Worth a visit.This place has pretty solid food, but the service is awful and makes this place worth avoiding.
The food is pretty good -- if it actually ever gets to you -- but I've experienced some absolutely atrocious service the past three time I've gone.  For example, last time I went, it was a Monday afternoon about 2 months ago.  To be fair, they probably weren't expecting many patrons on a Monday, but it was a holiday and my two friends and I had off from work, so we decided to go.  We sat down at about 12:15, and there were maybe 6 other people in the bar.  Somehow, we waited over 45 minutes -- actually closer to an hour, for our food. Normally, i'm pretty forgiving with this sort of thing, if there's a reasonable excuse, or if the server is apologetic, but the waitress we had that day was completely unprofessional.  When we questioned our wait, her response was "there's only one chef. what do you want me to do about it?"  My friend got up and left, and I wish I had done the same. No apology for the wait, or anything approaching courtesy.
If this were the only time I;d had a back experience there, I might let it slide, and chalk it up to a bad day. But like I said, I've had this kind of bad experience three times now.
Definitely not worth going back.Great experience at Catahoula tonight...even with my two kids...thank goodness they have an outdoor space. We went in with no expectations and were extremely satisfied. The food was great. The hush puppies and jambalaya were fantastic appetizers and we ended with a fabulous bread pudding. Couldn't leave any more satisfied.Just an update since I've become somewhat of a regular.  The Ginger Bartender, fantastic. Service is always awesome. Drinks, always strong.  Gouda Grits, to die  for. I saw a knock on the oysters, but don't listen, they are always fresh.  I will second the shrimp and grits, if my boyfriend could get an IV of that dish he'd be in heaven.  But let me tell you a little secret..... despite all the wonderful food you have to go through to get to it, the real deal at this place is desert.  I don't often go for desert but I look at that chalkboard every time and usually there is something on there that I read the description and feel I must know what it tastes like, and it's always spectacular.  Also, Brunch is also a treat, the bloody Marys are far too NoLA for my unsophisticated, dummed down mid-Atlantic palate, but the eggs bene rock!Stopped by for a beer....nice spot, friendly bartender...food looked good but I didn't eat anythingLove coming here! My boyfriend and I discovered this place on Groupon a few months ago and have been coming back ever since! The food is delicous and the dessert menu is always changing!  It's a nice casual spot to enjoy a great meal and is reasonably priced.Great Cajun food and good beer selection.
Must try all the appetizers especially the fried pickles and fried green tomatoes. All the po boys are very good, my favorite was the soft shell crab, the others were a little on the dry side but really tasty as well. Gumbo and jambalaya are very well done as well as the shrimp and grits. 
GREAT BURGERS!
Very friendly service and good atmosphere. We took the kids with us for an early dinner and they were just fine, not sure how it would be later at night, since it is a small place.
Definitely be back!We love to try new places, One server / hostess / busser on duty, She was fantastic! After a short wait for a table on a busy saturday night, we started our night with my new favorite drink, The Slamhound,. Ice tea vodka, st germain and grapefruit juice. The food was delicious, Crayfish bisque (spicy) and Gumbo, both great. Grilled romaine with shrimp and a trout with mushroom grits (Im not a grits fan). The dessert was killer Brioche bananas foster bread pudding. Took half home for breakfast WOW!!!
Highly recommendedSo looks like we might have hit an off night? 
Hostess was super sweet and friendly, but we ended up sitting at the bar, where they were less so. With two bartenders you'd think getting a glass of water or a beer would have been easy. Not so. 
The food came really fast, despite the place being full. However the rice under the super yummy duck jumbolaya wasn't really hot, and neither was the gumbo soup. Also, be warned, you've never seen or had gumbo like that, or at least I hadn't. Good flavor, the shredded meat and rice just makes it unique. Also, the po boys are SUPER dense if you like them like that, you'll love them. Their presentation is A+. 
We had the desserts that were suggested in other write ups and were not disappointed. 
Maybe skip rush hour periods and just go when things are calm? Because when you've got your SPICY food, nothing is more frustrating than not being able to get a drink after asking REPEATEDLY and being vaguely ignored by the mildly rude bar staff.This place was true creole/Cajun Louisiana food. I had the shrimp poboy and my friends had BBQ ribs/chicken, Louisiana shrimp boil. We also had appetizer of fried green tomatoes, fried pickles, Mac n cheese balls. The drinks were great and the service is too. Def coming back next time I'm in Philly.Just came here two nights ago for the first time, already back again for the Big Bubba Pasta and Abita Strawberry beer, great little bar and restaurant in Queen Village! Definitely my new summer spot with great beers and outdoor seating!Been there twice and enjoyed the food and service! Nice spot to hang out. staff are friendlyStopped in on a weekday afternoon with my mom who is a big fan of cajun food and had a great lunch. Pretty friendly waiter/bartender, no complaints there. Small inside dining area, only about 6 tables, and about the same outside. Seems like they had a lot of specials for sports games and lots of TV's, inside and out. 
Hushpuppies for starters were fabulous, crispy on the outside and moist on the inside. Mom had the trout benedict, which was pretty awesome and I had a catfish po boy. The fish was cooked well and fresh, my only complaint was the roll was maybe a bit over toasted. not burnt just super dry and crumbled all over the place.
The price per portion size was fair as well
No real complaints, I'll probably come back at some point.i really don't like spice, but everything here was great.  be cautious when ordering because they do have some heatI only had drinks and one app here so that's what my review is based on.
I popped in here with a friend to catch some football on a Sunday.  The bartender was very nice and let us sample the beers they had on tap before making a decision on a pint.  She even talked to me about the Six Point brewery and how she likes to stock their stuff because they make a nice product.  Apparently their tap handle is always the same so it requires the bartender to know what's on tap and be able to describe it.
We ended up having the boneless wings which weren't memorable.  I remember them just being fried and crispy but the sauce wasn't anything to write home about.
I think I'll go back for a full experience and write up a better review.  I haven't had enough their yet to appropriately assign it starrage.Service-
We went kind of late night, it was after 12 and sadly my expectations are lowered the later it is. For 12 at night, the staff was friendly. One of the staff members was drunk, wasted and came to our table twice trying to make friends. 
Food-
We started with the Oysters Half Shell and Green Tomatoes. For Dinner I had the special which included a Turkey Jambalaya, a gumbo, greens, and a pumkin crem brulee. 
I though my dinner was a little over seasoned but the dessert was great. Some of my green tomatoes were red :(
Overall I would go back just to give them another try and for the beers on tap.The menu is very pedestrian and lacks creativity.  Stick with the standards of po boys, try to eat anything else and you may be risking your health due to an inside info of lack of cleanliness and basic food safely issues. They also regularly run out of the basics and the wait for food in such a small place is long.
The people and the atmosphere is great. Beer selection is above average.I was lured here by a Living Social deal and arrived around 8pm on Friday.  The tables were all full, bar was full and there were a bunch of confused looking people standing around by the door with no hostess in sight.  After a few confused and awkward minutes, we asked the bartenders if we could put our name in for a table.  There was about a 40 minute wait, but luckily 2 seats opened up at the bar and we pounced, opting to just eat at the bar rather  than wait for a table.  Note that there are only about 6 tables inside.  If you go on a weekend, be prepared to wait. 
Started out with hushpuppies.  They were ok, good flavor, but I don't think I like hushpuppies in general.  Duck Jambalaya was VERY good. Pretty large portion of jambalaya with a duck leg resting on top. It was really flavorful, good smokey flavor from the andouille sausage and creole spices.  I ended with the pecan pie...wow...just get this, trust me!
The bartenders were very attentive and service at the bar was fine. It would be very helpful if they'd add some sort of sign like 'please see bartenders for seating' or 'no hostess on duty'.  Ambiance is lacking.  I like my restaurants and bars dark & cozy, though, so maybe it's just me.
Food: solid 4 stars
Service: (seated at the bar) 4 stars
Decor/ambiance: 2 starsIf you've never been here, most likely you won't notice it. The place is somewhat hidden and can easily be missed by the untrained eye. But definitely try this place at least once!
The food has been delicious every single time I'm here. I've tried the burgers, and they were good. But if you're here, go for the jambalaya ! It is amazing and delicious and mouth watering. Save room for dessert though because you're gonna want to try the bread pudding banana foster, and request it'd be heated in oven instead of microwave ! My tummy is always happy after a meal here.
The atmosphere is a sports bar atmosphere and the place is rather small but the people there are friendly and it's a good meal after a long day.Checked out Catahoula yesterday and I loved it. As they say, the inside is really small, but luckily there were plenty of tables free outside. Okay, the only reason I can't give Catahoula 5 stars is because there was bird ish on my table and a couple of the seats. It's the same risk I run sitting on a bench in the park... it's all in the game. I didn't make a big fuss about it for 2 reasons.
1. The tables were metal and grated so "it" was under the grate but still a part of the table.
2. I was able to switch chairs.
If there was anything that was going to ruin the splendid day I was having, I wasn't going to let be that.
Down to the food, I got "My Burger" and it was RIGHTEOUS! The fries were great, spicy but not too spicy. I didn't get any drinks (definitely next time). I loved this green pepper sauce I'm gonna have to grab some of that from somewhere. It's the same pop as Red Hot hot sauce, but without the spice. My peoples reluctantly ordered Po Boys and changed their tunes with the quickness. They went from doubtful to mouthful in just a few minutes.
The ambiance was lovely, it was a beautiful day, nice breeze. There's not much more I could've asked for. I wasn't in drinking mode, but if I was I could easily see myself chillin here for hours. Parking was a bit of a hassle, but we lucked up and got a great spot (2hr parking). And lastly, the service was good and everyone was as friendly as everyone else says they are.
Can't wait to come back for a serious a throwdown!A cute little place - I got the shrimp and grits, which was the absolute best thing I've ever eaten. It was SO delicious and was a nice twist to a traditional dish. I also got the appetizer sampler, which was delicious as well. The breading on the fried Mac and cheese was spicy and perfectly crispy. 
Cocktails were good too, but the jalapeño green apple margarita unfortunately didn't taste like it had green apple pucker in it and was a bit salty (no salt on the rim, so that was confusing),  but it was still rather tasty and I got another one.
Update: I was the near the restaurant again and went out of my way to get the shrimp and grits. Still absolutely amazing.Food was ok. Ambiance was weird--totally quiet despite it being full. Plates were dirty. Service was terrible, rude, and inconsiderate. 
I don't require much from servers as I used to be one for 10 years but I'd appreciate it if they came to the table every once in a while and if they weren't straight up rude af when presented with a coupon. We were within our right to use said coupon--that was actually the only reason why we went to this establishment--and the server tried to act like (a) we couldn't use it because of the holiday and (b) like it was a huge inconvenience for him. When I politely pushed back, he offered to run the coupon even though "it wasn't allowed to be done." I said, "Aw, I mean, if it's not a problem, we'd really appreciate it," and the jack ass (who had barely served us all night) begrudgingly responded, "Well, it is a problem, but since you have a problem...I'll do it." Riiiight. Well, considering there was literally no fine print on the coupon baring us from using it on a holiday, I'm glad he ran it. Still tipped 20% but we will not be coming back.Lived up to the hype for sure. 
We were a party of four, that arrived around 6:15 on Saturday night. There are only 6 tables in the restaurant. They were all taken, so we sat at the bar for a few minutes while we waited for one to open up. I am so glad we did, because the bartender(I forget his name) was great! He made my friend one of their signature drinks called a Marble Eyed Dog, which was gin based and delicious. My buddy and I were in the mood for beer, and when we asked what was on, he told us we could do "mystery beers". He would charge us 3 bucks and we could be surprised. He asked if we would like hoppy, malty, drinkable, or "different". We ordered hoppy and out came two cold Sierra Nevada Torpedos. Great deal! By the end of the night we had tried all of his mystery beers, as well as a Russian River Damnation. 
We were sat in the only table in the back towards the end of the bar. It was cozy, and perfectly sized for the four of us. From my seat I could see part of the kitchen, including the flaming grill, which sealed the deal for me to order the much talked about burger. 
Our table started with the Grilled Truffeled Mushroom Flatbread. It had Goat Cheese, Fennel, Roasted Peppers, and Pickled Green Tomatoes. It was really good. We also shared an order of the House Pickled Vegetables. They were fantastic. The jars of pickling vegetables are lined up around the bar, and it was a nice touch to have them on the menu. It consisted of Okra, Haricot Vert, Carrots, and Mushrooms. The pickle had a nice kick to it. 
I ordered 3 oysters, they were Malbecs. I watched the chef open them and they tasted fresh. The green Tabasco mignonette was a really nice touch. I had the "My Burger" as my entree. It is a 9oz Angus patty with BBQ Aioli, Fried Green Tomatoes, Smoked Bacon, and Creamy Goat Cheese. I ordered it Medium Rare, and it came out Medium. I didn't care because it was so good, and constructed very well. The bun was perfect and the sandwich held together until the very last bite. My dining partners ordered the Duck Jambalaya, the blackened chicken sandwich, and a shrimp po boy. My friend who had the shrimp po boy stated during dinner "Now THIS is a Po Boy!" 
Our server Jess was fine. The first words out of her mouth were "do you have any questions?" uhh do you? 
We ordered 2 desserts to share. A roasted Pear Cobbler with Bourbon Gelato, and Pecan Pie with Buttermilk Gelato. HOLY F'N PECAN PIE! This was hands down the best Pecan Pie I have ever eaten. It simply shattered what I thought was the best Pecan Pie I had ever had 10 years prior, in Louisiana no less. The four of us almost came to blows for the last bite, but I was victorious! 
It was really great that they had the football game on as well. The sound was turned down and wasn't obtrusive in the slightest. Overall I was very impressed with Catahoula, and I really look forward to going back soon, especially to sit and watch a Phils game at that great bar.Food: basically tasteless. Drinks: adequate.  Happy Hour: good specials on drinks. Atmosphere: best thing going for this place.I feel really unhealthy every time I eat here but what can I really expect from a cajun/creole restaurant? 
I had the New Orleans shrimp entree which I would highly recommend. It was the perfect combination of flavors - creamy, sweet, salty, etc etc. 
Definitely looking forward to trying other items on their menu.I have only been here once and it was spectacular. I may be a bit biased because I love Creole/Cajun food. However, I have tried many other supposed "Cajun/Creole" restaurants outside of Louisiana, and  none of them compare to Catahoula. 
The fried shrimp was fantastic. I had it on a Poboy, but I would love to have it as a platter. The hush puppies, the fried green tomatoes, and the cocktails were also delicious. The servers were very friendly, and the atmosphere was cozy. The prices are not too high, but it is especially affordable if you go between 5pm and 7pm for happy hour. I look forward to my next visit.Great intimate space. The food and service was awesome. I would definitely recommend this to anyone looking for authentic New Orleans food. The bartender was very nice and attentive.Food was fantastic! The big easy Bayou plate and gumbo fries were excellent.
Service was great as well.
Look forward to returning!Really amazing staff and food. Went there with a group of about 10 friends on a Sunday evening, and everyone there (waiter, bartenders, chef) made sure we were happy. Again, the food was AMAZING. I highly recommend the shrimp and grits!We've been back many, many times and love it once again.  Good music at the right volume, great food and nice folks.We've been here twice.  Once the food was okay and the service great.  The second time the food was meh and the service sucked.  Its too bad because our first experience made us want to try it again.  Our second visit will be our last.  Our food came out incredibly late.  Like an hour.  The bartender did try to make up for this with pleasant banter and apologies.  Our waiter was basically absent and when he did finally bring our order it was wrong.  We couldn't get his attention again to correct it and we were starving so we ate.  Most of the dishes were too salty and cold.  I would not recommend this place for food.Well we first found this place in October 2010. It was AMAZING!! the place was crowed but we were served in a timely manner. The bisque was fabulous the oysters were fantastic....fast forward to this evening. We dined outside; nice ambience and cool breeze. The bartender greeted up and got us our drinks. The waitress took our order at 6:40pm....I didn't get my soup until 7:00 and the roasted oysters that we ordered we still cold. Sent them back.(btw there were only two other tables). They came back by 7:25 and our meal showed up five minutes later. NOTHING had salt... The shrimp flatbread should be renamed tomato flatbread. The few pieces that were there were not deveined, they were cut in half and limp(=frozen)...so, to summarize we will not be go back anytime soon....and that makes me sadAMAZING food. So good I wanted to cry.  So good, that my boyfriend and I both agreed that if we were to die tomorrow, this would be our last meal.
Crawfish Bisque- Not as thick as I expected a bisque to be, but still so good.  Delicious bisque with bits of crawfish.  I couldn't get enough.  I pretty much licked the bowl clean.
Duck jambalaya- WOW.  Flavorful rice, perfectly spicy, succulent, crispy duck.  
Oyster po-boy- Fuckin' awesome.  Flakey, large, crispy fried pieces of oyster with the most delicious remoulade I've ever had.  Better than Beck's in Reading Terminal.  Better than Johnny's Po Boy in New Orleans.  
Abita Bock  on tap- crisp and refreshing.  Friendly, fun bartender who gives the best pour around.  No froth, beer to the rim, absolutely no spillage.
I cannot wait to return.  The sole other person at the bar on a Monday night assures me the bread pudding with bananas foster is amazing.One of the few places that are worth the money near South Street. You won't get as much or food this good  on South for less than 30 a person, it's got quite the tourist bump. 
Great attentive service, classic southern food with some modern twists. Outdoor seating is nice, street side and in the side patio. Nice breeze too. 
And as a bar manager they have great classic cocktails and a decent beer selection with a few taps. 
Also I love a business that maintains a water bowl for dogs outside, so classy.i don't know why philly doesn't have more creole or cajun spots but then again i guess we don't need any :DI am a local and love this place. It is a great place to get a bite to eat, have a drink or watch a game. The place really comes alive in warmer weather but can get crowded in the colder months. The food is excellent, I have many choices to choose from when I order and I normally am the type of person to stick with what I know but I always try new things here.
Summary: EAT HEREAlways great tasty food, wonderful friendly service, interesting selection of beers. Surprisingly kid-friendly. Went with a toddler and infant in tow for lunch; got a sippy cup of water with our waters even before order was taken. When toddler got fidgety, our server magically appeared with sidewalk chalk. (Sitting outside under their tent).Went today for a dog friendly happy hour which was basically a regular happy hour but with lots of dogs and water bowls.  The place has an excellent outdoor seating area with 2 outdoor TV's.  
I had been here previously for drinks only and really enjoyed the place.  This time we ended up getting dinner.  A flat bread and blackened chicken po boy.  Both of them were very good.  
The service was very good.  Another big thumbs up for accepting the LevelUp for payment.Holy Cajun Heaven! Had the fried Cajun Mac n cheese balls to start, the only thing I didn't like about them was the fact it only came with 5. Then split the chicken and biscuits with my friend, perfect amount to share or gorge alone on, sooooo good! My other friend got the crab cake burger and loved it. Fast service, delicious food, what's not to like?
Eat here! You won't be sorry!I was eager to try this place and two of my friends conveniently live a stone's throw away.  After trying it, I'm not eager to return anytime soon.
The service was slow.  I understand if it's slow on a busy day but the restaurant was by no means full, and the service was still slow.  Just slow everything - slow to take orders, slow to get food, slow to get the check.  Worst yet - there was a piece of hair in my food.  My friend pointed it out - I tried to pull it out, but it literally encased the eggs benedict, which was very unappetizing.  I brought this to the waiter's attention ("oh my") and he got me a new eggs benedict but again, back to the slow service - it took forever for me to get my replacement dish.  My friends had literally finished eating before my lunch was finally ready.  I would have been slightly mollified if they'd discounted my dish or something, but there was none of that.  The eggs benedict wasn't bad but all things considering, I'm not rushing to come back here.I used to love this place.  Their chef made everything from scratch, the food was fresh and full of flavor.  The last time I went, I had seafood that tasted as if pulled from a freezer burnt mixed seafood bag from trader joe's, and cornbread that had no right to be called cornbread.  It was so bad, I won't return.I like most everything about this place. For starters, they carry Coronado Idiot IPA--which you must try. The service is great and the food was delicious. 
We ordered the duck jambalaya and the My Burger. The jambalaya was good and spicy but the leg of duck stole the dish; it was seasoned and tender and there was enough of it to share. The My Burger (cooked medium) would hold a torch in any "Best of Philly" burger competition. It has goat cheese and a fried green tomato on it.
There are lots of sides on the menu that I am excited to come back and try. I'm not going to order the cajun fries again, though.This is a nice chill place to have lunch, or dinner, or what not. They do brunch too, something called keggs n eggs, but I'm not sure if I could get down with that. So far I've only had a po boy there, and really, its the same thing I get each time I go, although I've only been there twice. The fries that come with it are nice and tasty, the bread is so good, and the pulled pork I get on it is tender and perfectly sauced. They have a good happy hour from about 4-7with 3 dollar beers and 5 dollar wines. I also tried this molasses pecan pie with buttermilk gelato and damn was that hitting the spot. You can eat outside too which would probably be nice since there's the Delaware river giving out some breeze, but its just been too hot these days to try it. They also have lots of neat events I'd like to try sometime like crab boils and hog roasts.Came here for a birthday dinner with a group of 8. The food was lovely, and very well seasoned; we tried the catfish platter, shrimp&grits, and Jambalaya. The drinks are also hefty....strong, and the service was great! Looking forward to the next visit; will definitely be returning soon!Been here several times- easy on street parking free for 2 hours, small 10 car lot 1/2 block up.  Eat outside in tiny courtyard on a sunny day, or at a high top in the dark bar-type atmosphere.   Something for everyone on the menu, very clean and good serviceWe ordered the duck salad. Duck is a main component of 5 or so dishes on the menu. "Sorry we're out of duck"
Ok, not the biggest deal. We ordered a different salad which they had the ingredients for. It took about 30 minutes to get to our table, and when it arrived it was missing the chicken. Now we've got a pattern.
After we finished our salad, we had to wait another 30 minutes for our entrees (a sandwich and a pasta dish) to arrive. The food was good but at this point we had been there for over an hour.
When we had finished I asked the waiter for our check. "Why, are you guys in a hurry?" I almost lost it at this point. OF COURSE I'm in a hurry, on my list of favorite hobbies I don't include "sitting at a restaurant on a Monday night for 2 hours".
When the check arrived it included the duck salad we had never received.
There are about 10 tables in this restaurant, but the way things move you would think they're serving 100. The food was good, but unless you place no value on your free time i wouldn't bother.
Really disappointed.hat a fun little find. Got the crab cake sandwich. I'm a huge crab cake judger and theirs lived up to my expectations.  On a nice brioche bun with creamy crunchy Coke slaw.   It was big, I shouldn't have ordered the fries side. Good cocktail list. Nice house Chardonnay. Friendly service. Visit this little gem when you're in Philly, you won't be disappointed!A cute little place - I got the shrimp and grits, which was the absolute best thing I've ever eaten. It was SO delicious and was a nice twist to a traditional dish. I also got the appetizer sampler, which was delicious as well. The breading on the fried Mac and cheese was spicy and perfectly crispy. 
Cocktails were good too, but the jalapeño green apple margarita unfortunately didn't taste like it had green apple pucker in it and was a bit salty (no salt on the rim, so that was confusing),  but it was still rather tasty and I got another one.We stopped in here on a Saturday night for dinner. After reading the mixed reviews, I was hoping my experience would be one of the good ones. I'll start with the good. The staff was pretty attentive and friendly. We ended up waiting over a hour for our meal due to computer error we were told. My friend was given a complimentary drink which was cool. Our appetizer of New Orleans BBQ shrimp was pretty good also. My entrée of Duck Jambalaya was not. It was a pretty flavorless dish. The duck leg was dry and the rice, while moist, was very bland. My friend said his meal of Surf n Turf was no better. I want to give this place another chance but don't think I will.Excellent service, the bartender was on point. she recommended the 21st amendment beer which was wonderful. The food was top notch, I HIGHLY recommend the fried macaroni balls, the Poe boy chicken sandwich and their appetizer chicken wings. Easy location, pretty good parking (during the day). I have not one bad thing to say about this place. We will be coming back.Very friendly bar service :-)  Only a few beers on tap, but they had Hell or High Watermelon so I was satisfied.  Yummy fried green tomatoes.  We'll be back for more beer and snacks!A small pub with a touch of New Orleans. I have to say the waitress was very polite and attentive. Still, I don't get the hype about this place. The food is ok but salty. The chairs are all high and uncomfortable. Both my friend and I had to stand and eat due to the lack of circulation. The bathroom is Africa hot!  The only thing I liked which ended up giving me major heartburn was the grilled flatbread. All this for a hiked up price. I will not be going back. I'm not thrilled and as a man that gets excited over a meal, this is not a good thing.I stopped going here about 6 months ago because the service was shitty and the food was hit or miss. Today I had a craving for some hush puppies (still awesome BTW) so we gave it a shot. There are some new friendly faces and everything we had hit the mark. The bartender even made me a mock-tail (I'm 9 months pregnant). I think they should change up the menu a bit (bread pudding as a dessert in 95 degree weather is not appealing) and perhaps have some specials. If you have crossed this option off your list, give it a shot. I want to keep it open because there are very few cajun options in Philly.Dined here recently with a friend and a groupon and got to sample a variety of dishes and brews.  The beer list is not extensive, but includes some interesting and tasty selections.
The salad with grilled chicken was the most liked dish.  The gumbo was tasty, but the grits it came with were a bit too grease-saturated.  That might, indeed, be the way grits are made in the south, but that shouldn't preclude one from trying modifications.  The dessert, similarly, was tasty, but a bit over the top.  
The space is nicely put together, both inside and out (there's a nice outdoor seating area).  Service is friendly, though sometimes slow.  Prices are fair, though a bit on the high side.
This would be a good spot for a medium-sized get together for drinks and bites, though not necessarily a regular eating haunt.Straight Talk! It's a Bar Not a "Nawlins"
Restaurant.
Baked Oysters, pitiful. Mixed bag of odd seasoning with bread crumbs on top of them. 4th one in & I got the dead,
Smelly one.... ugh. Straight into the napkin with several swigs of water to spit into a glass. I had to put hot sauce on my tongue to make the taste of "toilet bowl" go away.
Crawfish Étouffée, more tomatoe based, few veggies. Onions was about it. No Flavor! This is weak cooking.... had to remember it's a Bar...
They may want to send cook up to North Philly & talk to a woman of
Color and Age who can "burn". Stick to a few basics and you'd kill. 
Red Beans & Rice (w or w/o hammock) Jambalaya, Cat fish, hush puppies.
Oysters, sure, but his nose & eyes has got
yo know the bad ones.
Adam was a descent/pleasant Bar man:waiter.
Stick to drinking. 
And don't ever go to "nawlins" to know what you should have. Then this
Might not be so bad.The bar staff is phenomenal and the food is awesome. Jambalaya is rockin' (especially the duck confit version). In the summer sitting outside is one of the best places to spend a Friday night (they also have live music). They have a great selection of beer as well and happy hours there are pretty calm and quiet. One of the friendliest bars in this neighborhood.
The only thing that kept this place from getting all 5 stars is the owner. His staff clearly knows what they are doing but he does not. One time when I was in, he pulled all the staff away from taking care of myself and others at the bar to talk about something. Then behind the bar he was getting on the staff for something with me sitting right there even though it was clear even to me that he didn't know what he was doing. It was really awkward and unprofessional.I wish I lived closer to Catahoula because I have a strong feeling it would be my "go-to" bar.  
Great beer selection, friendly bartender and such a cute space.  My husband and I ducked in here on a slow weeknight for some take-out.  We enjoyed some great conversation with the staff and some patrons.  Definitely a place to come if you want a laid back, low-key night out.
For food, we both got po'-boys.  They have a decent selection and I went with the crawfish while my husband decided to get the fried oyster.  The sandwich was good, although the bread was a bit hard.  That's okay though because I'm not much of a bread eater.
Our fried green tomatoes were actually red tomatoes, so maybe they ran out of green ones and had to substitute?  
I'd definitely go back, as many of their other menu items sound delicious, especially the MY burger.  Definitely worth a stop if you're in the neighborhood!It's not often that I feel this compelled to have a 5 champagne brunch.  Sunny day, old friend, 3 mile run complete, the conditions were perfectly set up for a brunch of leisure.  We split some red fried tomatoes.  The aioli on top was delicately dolloped on top, just the right amount.  We each ordered shrimp and grits.  I'm a southern girl, and turn my nose at most shrimp and grits.  I licked my plate clean.  I can't wait to take people back and impress them with this secret spot!Sabrina saves the day! The drinks and apps were on time...fried mac and cheese balls (whoa)! We were excited for the next round.We ordered the smothered chicken and fried catfish. We asked to substitute the fries and slaw with collard greens for the catfish and ordered the smothered chicken as is. When the order came out we had a green salad with the catfish and the smothered chicken was neither smothered nor accompanied by the accoutrements listed on the menu. Sabrina quickly brought out the greens and offered to have the chicken smothered, add collard greens, and a biscuit. The food was outstanding after Sabrina corrected the course! Dessert was awesome (banana fosters bread pudding and pecan pie) and our experience was complete.Tuesday night crawfish!! 2lbs of Crawfish for $30 for soup and a draft!! I really need to thank my buddy for introducing me to this place. If you like bread pudding...this is your spot.As proud southern transplants, we take our po-boys seriously!  The food is fantastic but pricey.  We live in the neighborhood and were regulars but employee Dave has a REALLY bad attitude and treated us with severe disrespect.  Their CRAP service overrides the food.  We will be eating elsewhere on Mardi Gras and will NEVER BE BACK.So today my boyfriend, best friend and myself decided that we wanted some cajun food. I had to check out what my fellow yelpers said about this place. All said that it was a good place to eat, so we decided to give it a chance.  I can say the food was very good. I ordered the catfish po' boy with the cajun fries with a hurricane. For dessert I ordered the cafe creme brulee.  The only thing I didn't enjoy was the gumbo. It looked like and tasted like beef stew. 
The heat in the place was very warm. It was 50 degrees today and they had the heat set on hell!
Other than that, I'll come back for some more catfish!This review reflects seriously poor restaurant management - not food, service, or atmosphere. My previous review of four stars for the dining experience still holds.
I purchased an Amazon Local certificate and provided one as a gift. I was informed a  week or two later they were limited to Sun through Thurs, but my certificates would be unrestricted as those were the conditions at the time of my purchase. When I tried to use one on a Friday the situation became embarrassing, the manager reviewed Amazon's e-mail that pretty clearly stated original terms would be honored, and determined they'd credit what was paid not the terms. We just paid the bill and left. I requested support from Catahoula through  their website, but rec'd no response. I reported to Amazon who took over 10 days to reply back they had come to a resolution with the restaurant - what was it? Who knows - I was instructed to call the merchant. Better yet - I called Amazon to cancel both certificates. What an embarrassing hassle. Now I'm left with bad mojo and will avoid Catahoula on principal. Wish I never bought those certificates.Do not like, will not come back. being nice and giving 2 stars.
Here's why:
I'm not sure if it was because I had a groupon/livingsocial deal.. don't remember which one, but service was crap. One waitress and one bartender, and both of them did not seem to care about the customers at all. The waitress especially had a mean/grouchy face on the entire time; both did not acknowledge thank yous, and did not ask whether or not everything was okay. Food also came out slow. also, we were not told beforehand, but apparently, the coupon could not be used during happy hour. whack!
started out with the hush puppies and fried oysters from the happy hour menu. hush puppies were quite enjoyable; oysters were not. They were plump, but $2.50 each, uh, I had no idea what I was thinking at that time.. (pics).
got the duck jambalaya because Yelp reviewers gave it fabulous reviews.. i had to disagree; my duck leg was tough and seemed overcooked, the sauce poured over it had a funny vinegar/tangy taste to it.. and the jambalaya was so spicy. I can handle spice, in moderation, but the kick that I got from each bite ruined the meal for me. The shrimp po'boy was SUCH A DISAPPOINTMENT. How can one mess up a shrimp po'boy? Catahoula did.. they needed more flavor in their batter, and possibly a better po'boy sauce. (try Pourhouse po'boy instead for half the price and double the sandwich). Just was not happy overall... also please check out pics and their inconsistency with the duck jambalaya, sauces, and crispiness..
We received terrible customer service, and mediocre food..
But I'll have to say.. the piece of pecan pie was actually really good. unfortunately, i still think it was so overpriced for the slice that i got..
They tried to upscale the place with the prices they set on the food. Try elsewhere.I love eating here!  Food is fresh and the quality is excellent.  Every time I go to philly I try to stop here and I've never been disappointed.  4-6 is 1/2 off apps and the crab cakes are all meat.Outstanding food, unpretentious atmosphere, and great music in the background all night. An awesome spot to catch up with friends and enjoy spectacular food!Was not a great dining experience.  They don't take reservations. We had a party of six which they said they would set up for us in advance but they had not when we arrived.  As they were rearranging the tables they dropped a bottle of hot sauce on my leg. No damage except for hot sauce on my jeans but no apologies either.  I ordered the tilapia which arrived raw inside. Then it took another 30 minutes to get a replacement order.  The rice pilaf is flavorless except for chunks of overcooked peppers. The cornbread is immersed in grease and also had very little flavor. Good beer selection but I would skip the food.Ok how can I start this........ well I must say where this restaurant is located it is in very nice and secluded neighborhood and it is great for date night. I love the fact that they have outdoor seating although they need it because the inside can barely hold 20 ppl. The parking GOODLUCK! But if you do find parking I don't think you would be mad and it would be worth it. 
Service: since it was our first night im not too sure how it works in there but I do know that there was one girl who was the bartender, the food runner, and the server I'm surprised she wasn't the cook she took our drink orders brought out the food and gave us our checks that's it! We wish that she could have gave us a better experience I mean not only for us but for the other 8 ppl that was in the restaurant with us. I didn't like that almost everything I asked for was all out and I know that we are in Philly but I hated the fact we had to pay the soda tax for our drinks which was told by the server ughhh!
Food: ok the part you were all waiting for!! I think Philly has a lot of great places and I think it's great that they are opening up to different cultural restaurants and like i said coming here you wouldn't be mad it was definitely an experience could the food had been better? I believe so ...would I come back? Ahhhh *kanye shrug* idk.After all they hype I have heard about this place, I was kinda hoping for ... more.
The bar tenders were let me see if I can put my finger on the right word here...distracted...angry...unattentive...unpleasant....nope still not quite right. I ordered a drink and 25 minutes later when I still didn't have it, I awkwardly had to stop him and ask again, he said that I "should have reminded him"....uh huh? Meanwhile he was just standing around in the back while the other bar tender was pacing back and forth and cleaning and never made eye contact and never asked how we were doing.
So we did eventually get our order in: 2 bowls of gumbo, side of potatoes and a pork sandwich.  The gumbo took forever to come out - 15 minutes really. And it's a good thing I didn't order a cup cause I would have gotten 1/4 cup full, pretty sure they "might" have been a cup in that bowl but it would have been pushing it - fail! It tasted ok though, smokey and a little spicy and it was thick and dark.
The potatoes were good but they didn't empty the frier basked before they put the potatoes in because in the bottom of my potatoes were alot of other unidentified pieces of breading substance - Not great for Gluten Free by the way! Just sayin....
The sandwich was apparently good that my husband got, he downed the whole thing and said there was a really good sauce on it.
We go there on a Sunday and found out that their Brunch menu went an hour longer because they weren't ready (which for me meant that I couldn't use my living social voucher because it's only for the dinner menu - kinda annoyed).
So for now, they get 2 stars....and unfortunately I have a living social coupon that I will be back to use at dinner time....let's see if the second time around gets them a better review - here's hoping!!Ah-ma-zing food!! The BBQ shrimp with cornbread was out of this world, best cornbread I ever had. Cheesy Grits as well as cabbage sides were fantastic, taking the cake was my husbands creole blt with spicy thin chips. We were blown away and will be back!Stopped by Saturday afternoon just as the evening menu was taking over and pretty much had the place to ourselves.  As reviews have noted the restaurant is low on hoopla and high on food.  You won't find over the top masks and beads everywhere, no purple, yellow, & green color scheme...just a nice classy fleur de lis, some classic cocktails such as the Sazerac, French 75, & Mint Julip and some mighty fine Louisiana cooking.
Luckily I visited with my wife and in-laws which made it easier to eat like a pig without looking like one (I think).  We started with the cornmeal crusted oysters with creamy Pernod spinach, smoked bacon, & spicy tomato jam which were superb.  We also had the fried green tomatoes which were very good.  I'm unsure what the herb sauce on the tomatoes consisted of, and while tasty, I'm more of a fan of the goat cheese & pepper jelly accompaniment.  Maybe that's not kosher in Louisiana and if that's the case then so be it!
Between the table we sampled a good cross-section of the menu; shrimp po-boy, braised duck jambalaya with andouille sausage & tasso ham, and the "My (chef's) Burger".  The po-boy was great, very fresh with a quality homemade remoulade; the accompanying fries were perfectly cooked as well.  The jambalaya was my personal favorite.  The depth of flavor was there and each bite was better than the last.  The portion size was perfect and the duck was delivered on the bone, nestled on top of the lovely, slightly spicy, jambalaya which I liked.   We also sampled the smoked gouda grits which were amazingly gouda (sorry...I had too...)
While I didn't try the burger it looked absolutely amazing and was eaten to the last morsel.  How could you go wrong with this?  A 9ox. Angus burger with BBQ aioli, friend green tomato, smoked bacon, & creamy goat cheese?!  There is also a "your burger" option which allows you to build your own tower of perfection $1 at a time.  
Dessert...lovely.  Bananas foster bread pudding and pecan pie with molasses and buttermilk ice cream...need I say more?
The cocktail list is a work in progress with more coming but I was pretty impressed by the beer list.  Maybe 5 beers on tap and another 15-20 in bottles (5 being from Abita).  All beers were in the $4-5 range.
My wife and I went back on Sunday afternoon to sit at the bar and watch some football.  They have their house wings during Eagles games, but the chef was kind enough to make us an order yesterday.  They were more like chicken tenders slathered in a nice, medium-spicy wing sauce and topped with blue cheese crumbles.  Very tasty and while I liked them those wishing for traditional wings might be a little surprised.  That said, during Eagles games there might actually be a bone...they were done "off menu."
I love this new spot; great neighborhood feel, classic Louisiana cooking, outdoor seating, good drink list and friendly staff.  The brunch menu looks amazing so I can't wait to sample that as well.  The staff noted that they were packed for brunch Sunday - from 11:30 to 2:30-ish, so plan accordingly as more high profile reviews are forthcoming.Biked here on a sunny Saturday in June 2016. It's in a really cute neighborhood over close to the Delaware River in Philly. We were there around 2pm, only a few other patrons at that time of day. 
I ended up having the Catfish Po' Boy. I thought it was pretty subpar - dry bread, mediocre catfish, and overall just not that impressive. I really do wish it were better - I miss LOA food, and I've yet to find anything in Philly that even comes close. Will keep searching.Went for dinner with family. Server was personable, friendly, attentive and professional, even when the place got crowded.We enjoyed hush puppies, fried mac & cheese balls, oyster po-boy, bacon braised collards, pickled vegetables and fish and chips.The house salad was fresh and big. Only disappointment was mussels; they were off, and we sent them back. The server and bartender were sincerely apologetic and gave us a couple beers on the house, which was exactly what you'd hope a nice place would do. Nice selection of beers, by the way, including some 21st Amendment choices (great brewery). Overall a pleasant meal, nice service and tasty meal!I was surprised by how good the food was! And the service was quick and friendly too. I had been here years ago and didn't really remember the experience, so I returned for brunch because I had a child with me and remembered it to be family friendly. I was not disappointed. I had a delicious mimosa and a very strong Irish coffee. When my fried oyster po' boy came out, I was worried. The breading made it look like it may have been frozen. One bite into it and I knew it was fresh. Delicious! My only complaint was there was so much old bay on the fries that I couldn't eat them. I know I'm a weakling but it made them too spicy and a friend tried and agreed. No big deal. I will definitely be back!After several great experiences at Catahoula with the food, the service and my success in holding a private party there, I am compelled to give the restaurant credit, as it is most certainly due. 
In this city with so many choices in cuisine, the Cajun food in which they specialize is a refreshing change of pace. The portions are sizable and definitely seem to be cooked with care - from the po-boys to the shrimp and grits (my favorite) to the ridiculous desserts (try the brioche bread pudding, it will make you melt). Now that crawfish are in season, the Tuesday Crawfish Boil is such a temptation every week - $19.95 for a feast of N'awlins crawfish/corn/potato goodness? Amazing.
My experience with the service has been positive overall. I've been here more than once when Donnie the bartender pointed me in the right direction to one of the unique brews on their always changing tap; if you're not in a beer mood, he makes a mean cocktail too (ask for a Slamhound -so good!).  The staff is always pleasant in assisting my indecisive self through the array of food choices on the menu as well.
Because of the above and the appeal of the restaurant space itself, I decided to plan a private party here recently - a baby shower for my best friend. The owners were truly accommodating in helping me plan the event for a Saturday afternoon and ensured that the food amounts and service would be just right for my casual, co-ed affair. The bartender for the day, Sean, was friendly and responsively ensured that everyone was taken care of in a timely fashion.  Our server, Dave, was tremendous in helping me set up before guests arrived and was so attentive, making sure the food service was spaced appropriately and generally keeping the party flowing well. I was so pleased with the event and I was thrilled to get similarly positive feedback from the people in attendance. I would definitely plan an event like this at Catahoula again, especially once their airy outdoor space opens up with warmer weather.
All and all, the 5 stars are well-earned by Catahoula - it's definitely one of my favorite places in the city.My boyfriend and i stumbled upon this place and decided we would give it a try. The staff was great, the facility is quaint, and food was delicious. I told  my friends about this place. I would definitely go back!Saw this on groupon, so I figured eh, I'll give it a try... I was not expecting such great food. I'll start with the bad.. Which is not necessarily a bad thing just my taste. I love crabs but I've never had soft shell crabs and I really wanted to try it, so I ordered the Po Boy. I was disappointed about the crab itself had a dirty taste to it, so I ate the breading off of it, that was tasty. The cornbread is to die for.. We got extra to take home. My guy got the catfish that he absolutely loved, came with fries, hush puppies, and coleslaw. Let me say that is the best coleslaw I EVER had. His mom had the shrimp &grits, that was very delicious too. The highlight for me was the chocolate praline chocolate cake that we shared... Never again will I share that cake!! Oh...  I almost forgot about the wings... We got the Cajun rub, it has a Spicy crispy outside and very juicy inside. Mmm mmmm good! Will definately be back!!!BRUNCH every day with a cajun menu and good booze options. 
Spicy Bloody Marys and Buttery Biscuits. 
The Eggs Ville plate might be a little too much créole mustard and not enough hollandaise.
Casual backyard on nice days or nighs.  Is it spring time yet?OK.  So, hubby was excited about this place because he is a New Orleans native and has been looking for an authentic Creole meal.  First off, this place is EXTREMELY small. It's only about five tables and a couple of chairs at the bar.  We wanted to wait for a table, but apparently, people called ahead for a table.  It notes no reservations, but clearly they were taking them!!!!  So, instead of waiting we just sat at the "very snug" bar.  We watched the couple next to us send their food back because apparently it was to cold.  We were hoping that we didn't have a similar experience.  We ordered two drinks...hurricanes....great!  We then ordered buffalo shrimp as an appetizer and two shrimp po'boys.  We waited longer than 40min. for our appetizer.  When it came, it was great, although some shrimp were cold.  After finishing, we waited an additional 30min. for our SANDWICHES.....When we finally got them, it was clearly a rush job!  I had very few fries on my plate and our po'boys had little to no sauce!!!!  Everything was just OK and the wait time made the experience slightly annoying.  They didn't even apologize for the long wait!!! Safe to say, I won't be returning.  My husband and I will just continue our quest for a great Creole restaurant!Absolutely the tastiest food available in Philly.  Interesting combinations of New Orleans fare, combined with great service and a decent beer selection make this absolutely the best spot in South Philly.  The only problems are its own success- sometimes it's difficult to get a seat, and it's not the biggest of joints.
Try the Shrimp + Grits with an Abita.  You'll be back.  There are tons of coupons available as well.Thank you for completely failing to fulfill our food order and not bothering to communicate with us at all.  I ordered through DiningIn, which takes a long time, but is a very reliable delivery service...that is, it's reliable when the restaurant actually fulfills the order.  In this instance, I ordered, and an hour later, when the food was supposed to arrive, the DiningIn rep called me to profusely apologize for Catahoula's screw-up.  Apparently, DiningIn's driver went to pick up the food, and the restaurant informed them only then that they had absolutely no item that we had ordered (totaling 6 items from the menu).  Catahoula apparently did not bother to communicate this at all until the delivery driver went to get the food, nor did they bother trying to contact us to apologize, but rather left it to DiningIn to break the news.  
It's all well and good to have great food, but in a town where great food is readily available at hundreds of other places, you might want to be a wee bit more customer oriented.  Judging by the other yelp reviewers, I am not the first to be burned by this restaurant's failure to meet what should be the easiest part of operating a restaurant -- having the damn food and communicating with its customers.The food here is above average. I'm not raving mad about it, but I'd absolutely go back. I'm giving it a bump up to three stars because the service is nice and the atmosphere is soothing. 
The highlights for me were the Gumbo Soup and Bread Pudding Bananas Foster. Next time I'm going to stay away from the more expensive dishes and go with the standards. The pricier dishes read well on the menu but the execution is shabby :-/ 
It's essentially a bar with 7-8 high top tables. Catahoula is very tiny, but that's definitely part of the appeal. On the other hand, if you have to wait for a table, it's awkward because your face is on top of the bar patrons and your butt might as well be sitting on the high top behind you. 
Gotta' give em props tho for being delightfully unique!I arrived to this New Orleans themed bar and restaurant with high hopes. It was a nice day, I was in good company, and there was a cute outdoor seating area. It became fishy when they were sold out of many items. First the beer, then the French toast. We prevailed on and settled with the purple haze, a New Orleans classic. Two of us ordered Benedict's and were very excited. Then to our alarm, the waiter informed us the chef just dropped all of the eggs. We then switched our orders (a Benedict with scrambled eggs) since basically everything else on the menu had a poached or fried egg. They were accommodating  and switched some eggs for a fried oyster. Then our Benedict's arrived with no hollandaise sauce. It then took a very long time for them to bring us some that tasted like raw eggs. My food was cold at that point. The pancakes were 10/10. Our service got slower and slower at the end. I see the potential but dont think I would return.Catahoula is the perfect combination of flavorful cajun cooking in a friendly comfortable atmosphere. Highly recommend the po boy sandwich ( I go for blackened chicken, while the honey has duck confi ) & it even comes with spicy and tasty cajun fries. The drinks are delish and creative too . In the summer months, bring your dogs too - the al fresco dining under the tent is pet friendly ! One of our favorite cajun food and drink spot, y'all !Thank you, all of you foodie reviewers for writing my way to this gem!  And, if I lived in this neighborhood, I would go here 2-3 times per week, no kidding.  Catahoula, where have you been all of my life.
Let's start with the bartender, Alex I believe his name was.  A cool, relaxed but efficient server, who knows his way around the beer, drinks, and food at this great find.  He made Bloody Mary's to start, for the reco's here made me do it.  Excellent, what a great kick, tang, garnished with pickled okra and onion..oh my, heaven.  Then to the oyster shots, followed by one of the best IPA's.  
For food, we started the night's experience with roasted oysters with crab meat stuffing, tender, warm , cooked to perfection and an excellent flavor.  The Acadian Gumbo was unbelievable.  The roux was done perfectly, like you were in N.O., dark colored, rich flavored, and an intensity that made you not want to stop for a rest between spoonfuls.  After an order of picked vegetables, which were distinct in flavor, bitey and extra fab when a little hot sauce was added, we had the Shrimp Etouffee.  Again, a nice warm cozy dish with excellent vibe and superbly delicious.
Looking around, the crowd was happy, of course because they were eating and drinking at this creative, culinary experience.I am sorry I have to downgrade this place a tad after my last visit.  I haven't been there since the summer, (as there are so many places to go and so little time).  Well, I hear there has been a change in chef, and the first thing I noticed was an excess amount of salt in the food.  The second thing I noticed was the lack of an attractive plate presentation.
The Gumbo I think suffered the worst for it, I killed the saltiness with hot sauce.  Also, there is a price on the menu for $6 for a cup, it was $7 on the check, although the "cup" seemed like a small bowl anyway.  They had an okra soup special which was superb, with large hunks of sausage, and a nice tomato broth base.
The duck Jambalaya was still excellent.  My friend got the turkey Jambalaya special which was above average, but not as delicious.  The braised collards and the cabbage were perfect.  Dessert was a highlight with a pumpkin creme brulee, rich, smooth and a wonderful soft cookie-like crust on the bottom.
The service of the bartender was still friendly and pleasant.
Overall, very good, tone down the salt paleeese, but it's lost some of it's pizzazz in my opinion.Came on a Sunday evening with my daughter so it was not crowded at all. We were told to sit where we wanted which was away from the door due to the breeze. I had to ask for water more than once. I came here on a Groupon and nowhere on Groupon does it state there is an automatic 18% gratuity on all Groupons. I ordered the shrimp po boy and daughter ordered the catfish dinner. Since I travel to New Orleans often, I was not really expecting authentic NO food. Well let's say there is too much breading on the shrimp, the bread was hard and uncut. When I asked about the bread being dry, I was told it was toasted. The manager did offer to get me another roll that was not toasted. My daughter said the catfish was good. I tried the Cole slaw and was delish! I ate it all since she didn't like it. Let's say I took my food home to go and left it in the fridge up for grabs for anyone to eat and went to WaWa after for a panini...Cute little place, but PLEASE get umbrellas on the tables in the patio!  
For starters, the table shared the fried green tomatoes, hush-puppies and jambalaya.  Fried green tomatoes were very good (although I have had better) they were nothing to complain about.  The hush puppies were delish as was the jambalaya, although it did have a bit of a kick to it.  
The catfish po'boy was tasty, but a second filet would have been nice.  I loved the bread.  Crusty and flaky on the outside yet soft on the inside.  Hubby had the shrimp po'boy and said the shrimp tasted fresh.  He enjoyed it.
My son in -law had the piggy mix and loved it.  
The rest of our table were boring orderers with burgers and wings.
I would go definitely come back to Catahoula if ever in the mood for Cajun in the future.Yes, go. Again and again my friend. Eat all of the shrimps, flatbreads, salads, and burgers. Great servants and fun ambiance. Wonderful, yes.Friday night - 6 pm - a nearly empty bar. My bf and I sat down, ordered some beers and relaxed.  Shortly thereafter we ordered food - I had an oyster po boy - it was excellent, and my boyfriend ordered the BBQ shrimp and the Gouda grits, and he was raving.  We also had the The bartender was attentive and helpful and made a killer mint Julep.   The bar slowly filled up and was completely hummin' when we left.  They have great TVs and Great outdoor space, and are dog friendly outside if it's warm enough.  We also had some sort of brown butter pear crisp concoction that was so freaking good! I would definitely recommend this place if you're in QV.Holy cow Catahoula. First of all, I understand that there have been many regime changes and renovations that have gone into Catahoula, and I am not going to get into those because I am just not qualified to comment on the history. That being said, I am going to comment on the amazing meal I had last week.
Catahoula is brand new. It is a diamond in the rough in Queen Village. A friend of mine read about it on Thrillist, and suggested it for happy hour. Normally I would have deflected to something a little better known like Tinto or Tria, but I let her talk me into it. She promised me Cajun, and Cajun I had.
I don't make it down to Queen Village very often, for whatever reason. But living in Old City, I really should. Catahoula was about a 15 minute walk, and definitely worth the trip. It's a teeny little restaurant, and beware, the awning out front still says "Saute." You walk in, and it screams "new restaurant," from its polished bar to stylish and sleek high tops lining the windows from the front door to the kitchen. It's not a big place by any means- its about the width and depth of your standard row house. It's sparsely decorated, without the kitschy southern decor of a place like NOLA. It doesn't "look" like it is going to serve you down home Southern cooking. It is deceiving.
The menu is set up like tapas, with additional entrees (Big Papa Plates) and sides. My friend and I shared the New Orleans BBQ style shrimps with summer corn, scallions and griddled corn bread; and a side order of hushpuppies with truffled tarter sauce. I was expecting heartburn and overly spiced everything. I received a gift from God- that sounds melodramatic, but it's the truth. 
The shrimp came in a long, narrow white plate (the presentation screamed Asian fusion or Italian bistro), and there were about a dozen of them, plump and nestled among chunks of corn and a gorgeous sauce. One bite and I was hooked- the shrimps were juicy, and the corn sweet and crisp, and the sauce sang with butter and spices. It was so delicate that I knew I wouldn't have heartburn, and yet also homey and authentic, like someone's grandmother was in the kitchen cooking little plates for me. The cornbread was a fat chunk cooked in a slather of butter. Dipped in the BBQ shrimp sauce, it made my heart sing (and my arteries clog, I'm sure). 
Let me tell you a little bit about hushpuppies. My mom went to college in Charleston, SC, and when I was a kid my family went to Charleston and Folly Beach each summer. I am from the Midwest, but I feel that a part of my soul is Southern. I certainly love the food. I haven't been down to SC in many years, but I can still taste hushpuppies if I close my eyes, and sadly I haven't been able to find too many places that serve them up North. A good hushpuppy is a mouthfull-or-two-sized orb of sweet, cornmeal-ish dough, deep fried until the outside is brown and crispy and salty, and the inside fluffy and doughy and sweet. Ideally this should be served in a basket with some sort of breaded seafood (fried shrimp, oysters, clams, etc) on a dock overlooking an ocean or bay. They make me want to cry out of beauty and joy.
The hushpuppies at Catahoula are a little different from the ones that I have tried. For one thing, they have chunks of corn in them, so they aren't the same smooth consistency. They are also served with truffled tarter sauce. These differences make for a spectacular hushpuppy. They are perfectly crispy and the inside texture is just right. The corn is an unexpected additional crunch and chew that goes well with the flavor and texture. They are not as sweet as the ones I have tried, but still have a hint of sweetness. The sauce. Ohmigod. The sauce. I love truffles. I love tartar sauce. This is such a good idea. 
Basically, it was an incredible little snacky meal. The waitress was wonderful, and very concerned and wanted to make sure that we were enjoying our meal. So she encouraged us to try their peach cobbler (that has some sort of crazy name that I wish I could remember). Oh dear god.
Butter. Butter is what binds this place together. The flaky, creamy, buttery consistency of the dough part of the cobbler, combined with the delicately spiced, roasted peaches, topped with "too much" whipped cream (Their words not mine- really, too much whipped cream? These folks clearly have not met me). Words cannot describe. 
Drinks are 1/2 price before 7pm. All in all, we each paid $17 for enough food and beverage to fill us up and leave us happy. I will be going back, many times- mostly because I need to have an oyster po' boy and a Big Papa catfish basket in order to complete my life. Yessssssss.The best brioche bread pudding with banana foster. To die for cat fish po' boys.
we have been here 3x already and my husband already tried most of everything. Thank u for filling us up!!! The service is good. Looks like every time we go there we always seat at the same table and the bartender remembers us.4 stars only because it's small and can get crowded. The food and drinks are right out of New Orleans with a slight modern twist. The gumbo was perfectly spicy - I almost don't want to try anything else!We came here with a groupon, and still spent a lot of money. This place is fairly expensive, but the large entrees are definitely a good amount of food. I had two crab cake appetizer and a side of gouda grits, and my boyfriend got a large jambalaya entree with cornbread, a crab cake, catfish fritters and hush puppies. The drinks are somewhat expensive too, it seems like a good idea to go for happy hour or a special night, like the all-you-can-eat-shrimp night. The food was heavy, which is to be expected, but it was really difficult to eat the grits since there was a lot of really strong gouda in it. I wish they had plain ones. Might go back for happy hour specials!Yum! Can't wait to go back. I had the duck jambalaya and it was better than I could have imagined. The fries were great too. I wish they came with a dipping sauce though. I love that this place is so low key, it just looks like a corner bar. I was too stuffed to try anything else but can't wait to go back and try everything.good spicy food. duck fat cornbread is amazing. good beers. and affordable. captitalization does not exist.Great food!  My wife just had the oyster poboy and I had the blackened trout, both were fantastic!This place is more of a vaguely Mardi Gras-themed bar serving Cajun food than a Cajun restaurant. That being said, the food they serve here is pretty good. Added bonus: there's outdoor seating in an adjoining courtyard of sorts. 
There were only 4 beers on draft, one of which was the Coronado Orange Ave Wit. For $6 the pricing was on the higher end of the average range, but it was a quite light and refreshing beer. I believe select drafts are $3 during Phillies games, but that wasn't one of them. 
As per Yelp's recommendations, I tried the My Burger. If you like goat cheese, this is a pretty delicious burger. If you don't like goat cheese, the cheese on this is a little overpowering so you might want to opt for the build-your-own Your Burger. Otherwise, this $13 burger was solid. I asked for medium and mine came out pretty well done, but it somehow still managed to be juicy. Tried a bite of the shrimp po boy; it was tasty though a little on the small side for $12. The Cajun-spiced fries were good. 
They have a $5 special on "sliders" during Phillies games: you choice of catfish, andouille sausage, or something else that I can't remember. These sliders are actually more like half sandwiches that come with a small order of fries, and if you order 2 it would be a lot of food for not a lot of cash. 
Overall, this bar serves up pretty decent Cajun food. I would like to come back at some point to try some of the real entrees, though they looked a bit expensive ($15-19) for their size and considering the fact that they're served in a bar.Ate here on a whim, and was impressed! The server was very knowledgable about the beers available and had excellent recommendations for both food and drink. My boyfriend ordered the New Orleans shrimp and the fried green tomatoes as an appetizer, while I ordered the chicken etouffee (no crawfish, alas). Though slightly on the pricey side, our food was excellent. The portions were not huge, but perfectly sized if you don't have an enormous appetite. Both of our dishes were spicy but flavorful, and were perfectly cooked. We will certainly dine here again!My new favorite place!  Everything I've ordered off the menu is stellar.  The shrimp po-boy rocks my world and hush puppies satisfy my craving for southern food.  
My husband and I went out to dinner here on Monday.  Despite how cold it was outside, it was lovely and warm once we got inside and sat ourselves at the bar.  There are few tables so, you may have to wait to be seated.  
Bar service was great.  He suggested we try the pickled vegetables to start.  The green beans, okra, cauliflower and turnips were great.  I'm not a fan of mushrooms, so next time I'll ask for it without, and the carrots tasted too much like aniseed to me.  For my meal I ordered the chicken sandwich and a side of hushpuppies.  My husband had the pulled pork po-boy with coleslaw.  Both dishes were prefectly prepared and extremely tasty. 
I fortunately filled up on hushpuppies, so I had half my sandwich leftover for lunch the next day.  
Overall, this is a great neighborhood spot to go out and have a fantastic meal.  
Next thing on the menu to try is the fried catfish.A haiku....
Oysters on half shell
The bisque is other-worldly
Hush puppies, yes please.
Also worth mentioning, the coleslaw is so good it should be a controlled substance and one of the best burgers I've ever tasted. Only a few beers on draft, but very well selected. The staff are stellar and the quality of everything justifies the slightly higher prices.
Go. Do it. Now!Tried this restaurant on the advice of the Yelp reviews and we were NOT disappointed.  The food was excellent (try the gumbo--as good as any in New Orleans!!!) and the "My Burger" was fantastic as well.  Great place to meet up with friends or for a quiet dinner for two--gets pretty busy later in the evening so also a great place to meet late for drinks.  Will definitely be back the next time we're in town...this is a real jewel in the heart of the city.  Can't wait!!OMG, what happened?  This was one of our favorite places.  Great background music at the right volume, great food and the bartender Brandon was just great.  We went about 2 weeks ago and they had some god awful music playing.  We thought it was just an isolated instance since Brandon wasn't there.  We went back last night and there was no music (what a weird vibe), air conditioning was inadequate and the waitstaff seemed quite frazzled. Seems Brandon, the good music and the good times are gone.  I'm really going to miss one of my favorite places that we would go to at least every other week.We were craving cajun food,  found Catahoula based on a Google review.  It's I  a great area near South St in a gentrified neighborhood.  We came at a slow time before dinner. It was quiet and clean and the bartender was friendly, that is the best part of our experience.  The bar/restaurant touts itself as a New Orleans style fare.  Ordered jalapenos m argaritas, was then told they were out of jalapenos?? When it came to the entree ordering, they had a wondeful offering of mussels in white wine with a twist,  only to have the bartender come back and report they are out of mussels.  I'm like really?? At this point i was weary of the rest of the menu. So it was drink and a small appetizer onto some place else for dinner.   Good neighborhood bar,  but Zagit rating really?We are sitting here going on 2 hours! No food. Poor service !!!! They forgot the apps... Ordered a grilled romaine salad, 90 minutes later they brought a Caesar  salad. Said they don't "grill" the romaine anymore! Absolutely terrible! We just moved to the neighborhood and will not be back!We went to Catahoula on Saturday, since it seems to be Yelp's new spot of the moment and I've heard mostly good things in reviews. Unfortunately, my experience was undesirable. We started off with a diet soda, a beer, and an order of hush puppies. The hush puppies and tartar sauce were delicious, until I cut one in half to find the middle uncooked. There was also a hair in it. Personally, I'm not one to cause a commotion over stuff like that, especially in an empty bar/restaurant, I just figure I'll put it all into my review. Needless to say, it was gross. 
Per the server's recommendation, I ordered the oyster po' boy and Mike got "their" burger. He enjoyed his burger for the most part, although it was a little heavy on the goat cheese, but the accoutrement was mostly good. He ordered it medium and said when he took a bite of the burger itself it tasted a little like a McDonald's burger. I haven't had a burger in so long, I don't really remember what they should taste like, but I do have a vague memory of the flavor of a McDonald's patty in my brain and it's delicious. So whether or not this is a negative or a positive is for you to decide, reader.
My oyster po' boy was kind of a crisis. It started off good. The fries were tasty, the roll was soft, the lettuce was shredded just right, the first oyster was crispy but soft and not wet, the remoulade tasted authentic. Enjoyable. Then I took a bite into the second oyster. I'm not sure if it was a bad oyster, undercooked/underfried, or I just don't have an appreciation for true oyster flavor, but it erupted with putrid juice and I wanted to throw up. I took a few more bites of bread but the sandwich was soaking wet and had to stop. I felt queasy all the way back to the car. Mike had to drive. He took me for my favorite food (Capogiro) and a walk around Northern Liberties and I felt better.
The prices were fair, the server was hard to hear, but friendly, the location and ambiance are pleasant, the TVs are HD and the menu seems decent. Maybe our experience just wasn't the best, but I probably won't go back.This place is a one of a kind gem! The food here is great. The beer selection is small but awesome. If you're in the neighborhood try the oyster shooters to start, good times! Oh and the crawfish bisque is the s***!