This is a great late brunch option during the weekends when the big morning rush dies down after 1 pm. Usually there is no wait or 5 minute wait at this time. One big complaint is that they don't have an organized system for seating guests. The servers don't always greet incoming patrons (which should be required Waffle House-style) and they sometimes tell you to seat yourself (which can lead to one or two people taking up tables for 4) or they'll seat you (whenever they get around to talking to you). 
I've ordered a several different dishes at this point and they have varies from ok to awesome. The chicken wings and onion rings are just ok. The wings are either lightly dredged in flour or not at and then fried whole. They aren't really seasoned so the wings are pretty bland. The "onion rings" made of formed, chopped onions that are breaded. The chicken fingers were a bit over battered and dry. The smashwich (or whatever it's called) was pretty good: your choice of breakfast meat with hash browns and eggs in a hoagie roll, but unspectacular. The club sandwich is classic diner fare that is very well executed. The egg and omelette platters are a very good deal and dang tasty. The best thing on the menu is definitely the waffle. It's gently sweet, very crispy and covered in butter. So good!
The service is generally pretty attentive (once you're seated), the restaurant and bathrooms are very clean, the food is a good, tasty valueBest breakfast in West!!!! The chicken & waffles never disappoint and neither does the service. I only wish they were open  at 2am so I can get pancakes after dancing at Dahlak.They do not skimp on their sandwiches here. Solid 5 inches in diameter with tons of bacon and cheese. Not especially clean but definitely tasty.I love the prices ! The chicken and waffles were good but not the best I've ever had. The service was nice and quick also.This is one of the best affordable and yummy brunch places in University City. If you want a very traditional American brunch, this is the place to go! It has a warm and comfortable atmosphere that reminds you of home or of the family diners you might find back in your suburban hometown. Number 10 or 9 is my go to for this place.My daughter and I ate here for the first time yesterday... She didn't want to wait the 5 to 15 minutes to be seated and was like mom can you take me to IHOP.. Uugh no.. When I tell you the food and service was THEE BEST!!! We will be back...Your review helps others learn about great local businesses.
Please don't review this business if you received a freebie for writing this review, or if you're connected in any way to the owner or employees.Good portions; good prices; yummy food. That's all.
Wish they had more menu items with avocado though!I recently returned to this restaurant, as promised, after hearing some good things.  I like that the booth style seats have been replaced by tables and chairs, this is much easier to navigate.
The food is as good as my last visit.  I had to ask for silverware, but that was rectified right away.Best neighborhood breakfast spot in West Philly if you ask me.
Food is consistently delicious. No matter what I get: omelet, cheese grits, pancake, waffle. I have never been disappointed.
Diverse crowd. Sometimes a little wait but things move fast.I was charged with getting lunch for 50 of my closest coworkers.  I didn't want to go the normal route of greasy pizza, so I searched for "chicken & waffles."  Cedar Park Cafe was the top hit.
They are the sweetest people, and even went as far as saving me a parking spot out front so I could load the food into my car easily.  I can't say enough good things about the service and people.
As for the food - That's another (good) story.  Ever since our office had their first taste of Cedar Park Cafe's chicken and waffles... I've been hounded by numerous coworkers asking for another order.  This happens on a weekly basis.
All the waffles were homemade and unbelievably delicious.  The chicken consisted of boneless breast meat with a panko coating and was equally delicious.  They threw in powdered sugar, syrup, and a sweet and spicy sauce for the chicken.  All of it was amazing.  
Everything went.  Quickly.  Collectively, its our office's favorite meal by far.
Please check this place out.  In a city quickly becoming known for good food - Cedar Park Cafe is killing it.Tried the chicken and waffle and found it to be excellent.  First time in CPC.  Nice place, nice ambience, diverse group of people.  What is not to like?  Will visit again.  Better come early or expect the place to be packed to the rafters.The food is amazing, but the wait is terrible. We had to wait for an hour before getting seated. After being seated, we had to wait for another hour before getting our food. Tables who had ordered after us got their food before we did, which was annoying. The portions are huge, and the food is very good. But, a two hour wait is not worth it when you are hungry and just want to eat breakfast!These worlds greatest food!! Obviously Hillary Clinton has good taste! Always a wait but so worth it. I bring all my friends here and no one has ever complained. People will remember you there and are always friendly!!! I live for it every morning :)AMAZING chicken and waffles and French toast! Went here with my kids and husband and we all left full and with awesome food! Probably the best chicken and waffles I have had...and the spicy Asian sauce with them made it even tastier! Would definitely recommend!Came here for brunch with some friends on Sunday because all of the other brunch places in Baltimore were booked or had a long waiting time. 
Walking in, it gives off a homey feels get local. It's also a bit cramped, not enough where you and your party are on top of each other, but you'd have to be mindful of moving around (or turning and making awkward eye contact). Our server was nice. She didn't check back on us that much until we got our food, at which point she'd come ever 7 min (not complaining). 
We were a little put off by the amount if flies that just seemed to be hovering in the vicinity, not sure if thats just common there or someone left the back door open... but again off putting.
Food wise, I got the chicken and waffles. It was suggested to me by a friend. It's pretty fricken great. The chicken is tender, really well seasoned, generous portion size and boneless (hate looking messy in public places). The waffle was underwhelming in that it was soggy 5 min into the meal, but really the chicken makes up for it. My other friends got the chicken and waffles, and the eggs benedict (it looked like that at least). They were all pretty satisfied (especially the friend who got the chicken and waffles). Curious to see how other breakfast/brunch places on Baltimore ave compare.Awesome!!!! Their pancakes light and fluffy. The chicken was fried perfect. One of the best foods spots we went to in PhiladelphiaChicken was tasty. Waffles were standard waffle batter from a standard waffle iron. Bacon was not the highest quality. However everything was very reasonably priced, and the dining room was clean. Service above average. Bathrooms were soso.Can't ask for a better cheap breakfast. I go here all the time when I want good and cheap food. Its filling, it taste great, and the service is quick. Definitely worth a shot. (Standard diner food - do not go in expecting any frills)I love Cedar Park Cafe! I usually come by here after church, and it's a friendly restaurant with great brunch foods.  Last time I went, I got chicken and waffles and it was delicious and filling. Over the last few years, I have been able to taste everything on the menu, and I have not come across any dishes that were disappointing. 
The waitresses are extremely kind, and it is a welcoming environment. 
The only inconvenient part of eating at Cedar Park is that there is always a long line.We had great experience at this place today. We arrived around 1:30 pm. The place was quite full. We had about 4 people (two groups) ahead of us. We just waited at the entrance for 10 minutes or so. We were seated and served quite promptly. All the dishes were really large and good. My waffle and chicken was superb.  Veggie home fries was awesome. All in all great experience!A diner in West Philly?  This place does a fine job of it too.  Great service.  Decent coffee.  Excellent eggs, sausage, pancakes.  I highly recommend the chicken with waffles.Food was very good. We had the omlets and they were good. Plenty of food. You won't go away hungry. A few small issues make it a 4 out of 5. Slow to get the check. Slow on the refills of coffee and water.I have eaten here multiple times and really enjoyed it but my last visit was my worst experience. We got seated at around 11 when it wasn't super busy and after our waitress took our order it took 50 min to get our food. We actually hadn't seen our waitress at all and had to ask a different waitress where our food was. People that were seated after us got their food before us. When my pancakes arrived they were extremely cold and when I told the waitress she took them to the kitchen then came back to say : "what do you want us to do with them like microwave them or remake them im not sure what they can do" I was honestly so confused because if you as an employee don't know what the kitchen can do then why and how are you working here?? Once my eggs Benedict came they were alright, the bread was extremely hard and it took me awhile to cut through it. My boyfriend had the chicken and waffles which were good. At the end when we asked for our check we waited another 20 minutes for her to come tell us to stand in line and tell her what table we are in order to get the check. Truly an awful experience. I honestly think it was all because of our awful waitress who if I ever come back I will request to not have her.A great assortment of breakfast options at good prices with good service. Their side orders of bacon are generous and it's my favorite place to unwind the morning after a long night. 
I will certainly return. I don't mind the wait one bit.Not very interesting or good. Everything we had ranged from disappointing to just okay.Food was great. Staff friendly. Parking is a lil difficult due to the high traffic area but overall great experience and i will be back!I went here for breakfast and I was pleasantly surprise. The food was good I had the chicken and waffles. At first t thought the chicken were pieces like wings, legs or thighs but it actually was tenders. They were well seasoned and had a great crunch. I replaced the waffles with French toast, and a side of cheese grits.Food is great and inexpensive!! The service is slow and minimal, so when you need something ask all at once because you will wait forever!!The service was lousy and the food made me violently  ill for the remainder of the day.  My experience was nothing like everyone else's, I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone.Omgosh! Very friendly, very clean! Food is . I will be a regular! My wife loved the grilled Tilapia! I am very.....VERY picky when it comes to diners. The bright atmosphere, and friendly staff makes the food taste even better. Treat Yourself!Review base on customer service only. 
We arrived about 30 mins before closing. There was a few workers towards kitchen area that look at us when we arrived. Stood there for about 10 mins with no greeting. Finally a young lady said we close at 3, you can come have a seat but have to be out by 3. We looked at the time.. 20 mins til close. Why not just tell us from the beginning that they closing soon and we would of left. I understand that it was a nice Friday afternoon and you want to go home ontime but why the attitude? We didn't know. Would of love to try their chicken and waffles but we will never know now.Came in today because I found it on yelp and boy were the reviews accurate! This place is a hidden gem! I will start by saying that I don't like home fries or hash browns at all and these home fries were BOMB like amazing!!!! I had already agreed to give them to my sister and I was sad I couldn't eat more but now I know for next time. The eggs and French toast and bacon were also very good. Their homemade lemonade is delicious and perfect for a warm day. Our server was Kim and she made great recommendations and was very kind and polite. We will absolutely ask for her next time we are in the area. Definitely try this place you will not be disappointed. The wait wasn't too long either about 15 minutes and well worth it.Never disappointed!! I love the service! My favorite dish from them is the chicken & waffles!Inexpensive food. Pretty good. Line is usually out the door. I really don't have anything negative to say about the place except it should be a tad bigger to accommodate its audience but other than that it's cool.Pleasantly surprised with this place. I went based on the good reviews and it was worth it. I had the veggie home fries and turkey bacon. Those home fries are the truth! The place was clean,the staff was friendly and this will now be my new breakfast spot.Closest thing to good, solid diner food in philly. Usually a long wait on the weekends though for brunch. Big portions as well.I wish I could give this establishment 0 stars but I gave 1 because the food is pretty good but the service sucks..we waited for an hour to be seated as we stared at 4 empty tables that needed to be cleaned ..as I approached the one I assume is the owner who doubles as a cashier to ask can someone clear the tables she scoffed "we only have 3 waitresses" (befuddled look) I said no I mean the busboy .. she then again scoffs "we don't have a busboy" so as I shake my head and retreat back to my position in line a couple that was waiting for their takeout order approached me and said "if I were you I would leave because as soon as you walked away the Owner and the waitress with the shaved head said "if he don't want to wait he can go somewhere else and eat" so the couple cancelled their order and walked out..apparently they want to save money by not having a busboy and rather compromise providing quality service by having you wait for the waitress to take orders..retrieve food..and buss tables..needless to say I will not be returning!....P.S I was going to refrain from grossing people out by sharing that I immediately had diarrhea after eating (figured it could've came from anything) until I read a review of another dissatisfied customer who had the same issue.. so you better not complain or you may have something done to your food tooChicken and waffles!
I've been to Cedar Park Cafe twice for breakfast and have had a great experience both times. Their prices are right and the food is amazing. There is free parking around the park and service is good and quick. 100% recommendedThis place has become one of my favorite breakfast spots. The food comes out quickly-as fast a you could expect from a breakfast joint.Dont come too hungry there is a crazyy wait. Literally just beat the breakfast crowd. The waitress and staff was kind but the wait for food was upwards to 30+ minutes. Nonetheless the food was really good considering how inexpensive it was. I had the chicken and waffles, a ton of food. The chicken breast im not sure how was incredibly moist. Would definitely go back but as early as possible.It is a solid, cheap breakfast joint that has the best assortment of diners I have ever seen. I love the #8 with beef bacon, homefries, and eggs over medium and my boyfriend loves the chicken and waffles. Sometimes we go other places for a fancier brunch experience but most of the time we regret it and wish we had been there.First off- they have turkey scrapple...I didn't know that even existed and it was awesome. 
The place is really clean and the staff are very nice. I had a chicken sandwich and it was really juicy and flavorful. I had hashbrowns instead of fries and that was a great decision. They were crispy with onions and peppers, the way they should be at a good diner. My boyfriend had the Western omelet and based on the clean plate, I'm thinking he liked it. 
I wish this was a little closer to walk to from work, but I'll take a ride over here whenever I have my car.Great simple breakfast place - really good value and friendly service!  I'm really happy to find a place like this in the neighborhood - no overpriced hipster food here!A friend and I tried the Diner based on Yelp reviews.  I can say, coffee-holic that he is, his cup of coffee was never empty!  I was impressed with my Tilapia platter (with scrambled eggs and their veggie homefries - didn't know what veggie homefries were but now I'm a fan!).  The servers were all great and very attentive.  The customers that came and went ranged from college students, to families, to buddies getting together to Philly's finest.  A great dining experience and very reasonably priced.I love this place! It has perfect diner food. I had bacon, egg and cheese on an everything bagel and it was exactly what I wanted. The prices are super affordable and the service is fast, exactly what you would want from a diner. I'll definitely be back here again for breakfast.I can't get enough of this place. Veggie home fries are a great option for those of us who do not eat meat. Don't skip the grits or Belgian waffle which are hid in the side items menu. 
Plan on a longer wait time for peak brunch hours on Sunday. Worth the wait of course. Take out is also a great option.this was amazing, i recommend the veggie potatoes!! the wait was a little tedious but definitely worth it!Food was fast, hot pretty good. Need to stop having people standing outside the door pan handling and hassling customers on their way in. Other than that pretty good experience.For such a popular eatery they really don't value their customers. While long lines may be great publicity for the newest club, not so much with a diner. Especially,  as you watch tables emptying and not being cleaned off, as you are outside freezing. Why are there only two waitresses on President's Day? Why are they bussing tables and taking orders? I'd be willing to give them a pass but this also happened last Sunday.  Yes, there were more wait staff, but no bus person cleaning- clearing tables and getting folks seated. Perhaps competition is the answer or how about just getting a bus person and showing your customers the respect they deserve! !!
You only get three stars because I've been sitting here for ten minutes and I don't have any coffee.Loved it!! Last minute search on yelp that immediately became my Togo breakfast spot. Me, my bf and another couple ordered different dishes. I got the homefries, eggs, bacon n french toast. It was soooo good! Bacon wasn't dripping in oil n french toast was far from soggy. My bf ordered something that included sausage and pancakes n it was absolutely delicious. The other couple ordered chicken and waffles and a breakfast platter with grits. I don't even eat grits but the way she demolished them it was something I'm willing to try but only from cedar park. 
The waitress was so lovely. I don't know if this place was truly byob....but they were very :) accommodating.
My one reason for not handing them 5 stars...the wait.  Instead of seating by party size..they seat first come first serve so.. 2 people at 4 person table while a party of 4 waits...yea not so cool.Portions are large. To go platters are arranged well. They have a variety of hash browns. Limited street parking availability.This restaurant is really fun. It's new in the neighborhood and was very busy when I went in-- mostly young families and police officers. Seems like people were lacking delicious and affordable breakfast options. (people from BOTH parts of West Philly, if you catch my drift!) 
The breakfast basics are definitely there. The owners are nice. and the best part was that their waitstaff was hired from the neighborhood!
Go West Philly small business!This is a cool and casual brunch spot! The food was delicious, inexpensive, and came out quickly. The servers were friendly and the eating area is clean. There is a bit of a wait to be seated because this cafe is popular in the area, but it's worth it! I wouldn't recommend bringing a party larger than 4-6 people though. It's a great spot to grab brunch with friends and/or family.When we eat at Cedar Park I know that yes, it's the best breakfast in West Philly and yes, the hash browns are better than in Chicago and yes, I'm right here, but I miss you already.Very nice breakfast and Lunch spot. Get there early, cuz they have an emense neighborhood following. Small Menu but everything is qaulity.  Chicken and Waffles and the veggie homie fries are exceptionally delicious.  There is also a very nice little Garden right next door. Definitely my goto spot for a nice quick sit down meal for breakfast.Finally, someone opened a new place that folks can afford: a real diner that has veg options! Food isn't that great or anything, but it's food.I'm not sure how this place would stack up in another neighborhood w/ more competition, but for the location--long lacking for a decent breakfast place-- it rocks. Plus, it's pretty new--while there may be kinks to work out, my experience left me confident that  the owners are on top of it and that it will just get better over time.
The breakfast is quality, esp. for the price.. My husband, who worked his way through college working at a Denny's, was a bit bothered by the waitress offering cheese for his scrambled eggs  and peppers+onions for our home fries without mentioning it would cost more (apparently a time-honored way to jack up the bill and thus tip?). I didn't get that vibe--I think she was just trying to be helpful--just noting and logging it.
Service was quick and gracious. Food was great. I only skimmed the lunch menu, but it looked enticing.
So glad to finally have a breakfast option nearby...as a previous Yelper said, welcome to our neighborhood!If you're looking for classic breakfast food that is soul lifting, this is the place. Super busy during the weekends so go early or calla head.Very, very good vegetarian food for a diner. Home fries with veggies are entirely  worth the $1.50 upcharge - broccoli, mushrooms, onions, pepper, and tomatoes in very large quantities. Yum! I also had a top-notch omelet, and great rye toast. Large but not stupidly huge quantities, which is always a plus for a diner IMO.
Great food, great price, really friendly staff, and I even liked the interior. We'll be back.Perfect family breakfast spot. Just good solid diner food without pretense or frivolity. One thing we weren't aware of was the line-wait for seating.  I think most people are accustomed to putting their name on a list and getting an estimated wait time. Here, you literally just stand in line until a table opens up. Not a big deal at all since the line moves quickly and it was nice outside today but I can see how it might be a turn off in bad weather. Hubby was a little underwhelmed by the preformed breaded chicken patties served with Chinese duck sauce and a waffle but we got a ton of food and coffee for about 20 bucks. Can't argue with that.Food: Timeless meal. They have everything from simple food (my personal favorites #1 or #9 -- if you really want food coma) to chicken and waffles to their signature sandwiches at the bottom of the menu; all their food is unfathomable. 
Environment: Usually I'm particular but because of the "old-school West Philadelphia environment" they steal the stage away with its appropriate location and "local West Philly" vibe.
Service: We happened to come with 6 people initially, then 2 more 15 min later, then 2 more another 10 min later. What happened? Despite us being a difficult group of people, they were very accommodating and still showed unconditional love towards us. Sundays are outrageously busy so don't expect to be served like a princess on these days.
Price: Unbeatable. Seriously for a number 1, a standard 2 eggs over medium, 4 slices of crispy bacon, 2 slices of rye bread, with a heaping side of home fries or grits with butter for $7 before tax/tip, is absolutely unheard of in the city.Food was really good for quick breakfast. The wait was rediculous for no reason! There were about five open tables that only needed to be bussed, yet everyone waited around. Finally I just said something because there were older people standing for too long. Good thing I said something  because who knows how long I would have stood there for! Food came out really fast too. Good prices. Give it a shot!We decided to try Cedar park again and no surprise here: the food is still great.A great friend and I came by here earlier today(Saturday, January 27th) around 8 a.m. for breakfast. The place was quiet and not busy at all then. I was quickly seated and as soon as my friend arrived(I arrived about 10 mins before she did), we were greeted by our waitress with menus. She quickly took our drink orders and was able to answer any question we had about the drinks(I had a couple juice questions). Our coffees came out hot, fresh tasting and quickly(within 5-10 minutes). 
Somehow we were so enamored by our conversation that we didn't even think about ordering our food yet. Our waitress was very patient and pleasant even though we hadn't even looked at the food options yet.  We ordered our food the third time she came around and she was very helpful to us while we were putting together our orders and trying to figure out substitutions(we wanted some of everything so it was hard deciding what we wanted to settle for). Our food came out REALLY quickly. I would say in less than 15 minutes. The food was fresh tasting, hot and definitely off the grill/stove(versus microwaved as I've experienced at other places). This was my first time stopping by here and I'm happy to say the staff here and their food definitely left a great first impression on me. I look forward to visiting again soon.Luv the food.. Gives you alot of food...literally two people can eat off of one platter.Amazing food and impeccable service.   My boyfriend and I just finished having brunch there.  The waitress was attentive and courteous.  The food was prepared quickly and tasted great.   My boyfriend ordered waffles, steak omelet,
grits, and scrapple.   I ate eggs, corned beef hash, home fries, and rye toast.  The prices are affordable.  The cafe is clean and the location is great.   I would definitely recommend cedar park cafe to anyone who wants to eat delicious breakfast food.Love this place for breakfast. Me and my girlfriend come here often. The only knock on the place is that we wish it was bigger. There's always a line. The food is always good and they make almost any substitution to meals. The staff is always so nice. If you're in the area you should really stop by here for breakfast.Quick service, friendly wait staff, bright cheery and clean. Food was reasonably good. Real plates and flatware. Nice addition to the Baltimore Ave. corridor. My only complaint was the seating is more suited to fast food type restaurant. Will go again!Very good coffee shop ... a real asset to the neighborhood!
Food is prepared expertly and delivered hot to your table by friendly staff. Omelets are terrific, I had a "California" vegetarian omelet and it reminded me of something you would get in an overpriced chic bistro in Center City. My favorite is their Nova Lox platter on a fresh bagel - as good as any you would get in a NYC deli - with red onion, capers, lettuce, tomato, etc. 
The place is spotlessly clean, attractive, and not overly decorated.
Breakfast and lunch only.Best Chicken and Waffles to date and you can't beat the prices. The service and seating speed is the only reason this isn't 5 stars. The Staff are friendly, the food is excellent, but can we get a host/hostess?My very favorite place to go for brunch. Affordable and delicious with yummy portions. I always get the veggie homefries (sometimes with avocado added) and a side of French toast. The French toast is buttery and amazing. The waitresses have always been friendly to me. Love getting carry out from here, too!Recently moved to West Philly and looking to explore places in my neighborhood. This spot was the first place that popped up when I was looking for a brunch spot. The place was packed but we were seated quickly. Ordered scrambled eggs, sausage, home fries and French toast. The food was nicely portioned , definitely will fill you up! Good food. Fast service. No complaints! Would go here again.Great breakfast/brunch spot in West Philly. It's a no frills, no nonsense diner that offers your typical diner options for both breakfast and lunch. I opted for the fried chicken and waffles and was pleasantly surprised. The chicken has a little heat, and the waffles and syrup provide some sweetness and body to balance it all out. Also, the chicken was very moist and tender and the portion was okay even for a large appetite like mine. 
Be prepared to wait, and if you come with a large party, you may need to break up into a few tables unless you're fortunate enough to nab some neighboring tables in the center of the room. 
Family friendly environment that ensures we will be coming back for a while looking forward (as long as there are no more fire mishaps)!!!In terms of service, our waitress was very friendly and helpful. Although we waited for 10 minutes just to get a menu and another 15 to get some water, our food comes out really quickly once the orders went in. So I rate service as average.
The food was not bad. I had the fried chicken and waffle, which everyone assured me was the best I could order from Cedar Park Cafe. I also got a side of home fries. The fried chicken was well seasoned, breaded white meat (breast, I think). The crunch was good, but overall I prefer Federal Donuts' chicken. The waffle was good, but again, it's hard to mess up waffle, especially when you drown it in butter. The home fries also adequate, but I've had much better at brunch places of the same reputation.
I'm vaguely disappointed in general but perhaps my expectations were too high. Ultimately, I've had better brunch at places with less hype.We came here for lunch and the food was delicious!  I had a grilled chicken salad.  Most restaurants don't give you enough chicken.  This restaurant not only gives you a lot of chicken but it's marinated with curry spices.  The veggies are also fresh.  My daughter had the cheeseburger.  She ate the whole burger.  It was really good!Solid neighborhood diner in West Philly.  Chicken and waffles is very good, other dishes are good but not spectacular, this is a diner after all.  For a diner though the portions are large, prices are good and there are no sticky booths.  Thus the 4 stars.  
Be warned though that since it is a neighborhood diner, if you go at the wrong time you may end up waiting almost 30 minutes to get seated.
If you are in the area and want diner food I would not hesitate to recommend coming here to grab a bite.This is all you need to know about this place: whenever we visit a city we like to find a new local restaurant to eat at for breakfast.  We went back twice for breakfast. It's. That. Good.
The Chicken and Waffles are life-changing.
They open early, so get there before the rest of West Philly wakes up!This is a great place to grab breakfast! I've been pretty hooked on the western 3 egg omelette and hashbrowns! 
If you plan to pay with a card there is a $10 minimum.My son and his wife took us to Cedar Park on Saturday for brunch.  Our waitress, "J" was extremely warm and friendly.  Her menu suggestions were spot-on and everyone at our table enjoyed their meal.  We will be sure to come back here again when visiting.It's not Honey's, but I'm ok with that. My wife housed her yummy pancakes. I had the two eggs with french toast, and home fries with green peppers and onions. Nothing fancy. 
You won't find the artisan, craft, fusion dining here --- or whatever trendy/hipster moniker you can dig up. Sometimes a simple place to eat with good, friendly, prompt service, is all one needs. 
Since it's in our neighborhood, we'll be coming here more often.This is a great cafe in a good location. Limited hours makes it busy for breakfast and lunch especially during weekend and holidays. Menu is good as they also offer vegan options and we've never had a bad meal.  The Downside is the everything else.  You wait in line and get seated in the order you arrive so keep in mind that you'll be outside on hot or cold days. Unfortunately, the service is not organized properly and if you want coffee, ask for pot, water ask for the jug because the last three times I had to get up and practically get it myself. Its a wait for service to take your order, and to bring your drinks, then other than typical wait for food to come out they are like ghosts. People will sit before you do, order after you do and in some occassions get their food before you. I always get up to pay at the register (and sometimes to find my check) to save time and hope another person doesn't wait too long for the table to get cleaned, which yes you will watch dirty tables and get the urge to just clear it off yourself just so you can sit down.I'm going to just repeat the other reviews by saying the chicken and waffles here are BOMB. But it's necessary because you need to see this and go get it! 
We went on a busy weekend and the line was out the door, but we saw the reviews and wanted to pull through. Nothing in the area sounded as promising. So after finally being seated, we were greeted by a friendly waitress who was quick yet attentive. 
The fried chicken comes out hot and crispy. You can tell it was freshly fried, the meat is tender and well seasoned, and the crust on it is unparalleled. It's paired perfectly with a sweet chili sauce. And of course you have the waffle which is not too soft, the right amount of bite and a side of syrup. Together, with the chicken and the waffle and the syrup or the chili sauce, it's just a pair meant to be. 
Now go get you some!The food was simply delicious and service was out of this world. The owners were Korean and were so welcoming to me and my parents - she even gave us a complimentary bowl of fruit at the end of our meal! They are also very accommodating to your food preferences. My mom and I can't eat foods with too much fat/oil so they offered to leave out the salt and seasoning on my mom's home fries and then let me replace my home fries with a side of pancake instead! I ordered the salmon steak, my parents both got omelets and everyone was VERY happy with our meal :) this is definitely one of those places I will be going back to, and next time I'm bringing everyone I know!!!Very nice brunch at a reasonable price! I was visiting Philly for the weekend and we decided to stop be for brunch! I had the very popular, chicken and waffles, which was a wonderful choice! Fried boneless chicken served with sweet chili sauce! Waffle was also fluffy and served with syrup! I also recommend ordering their coffee! Would visit again!Great spot for breakfast in West Philly.  Eggs ordered "over easy" came "over easy".  That doesn't happen very often anywhere I've ever been to.  Four pieces of bacon with "home-fries".  They even ask if you want the bell peppers and onions when you order.  Good tasting coffee.  Good service.  
Reasonably priced, I didn't look closely at the menu, so when the bill came, I think the toast and coffee are added to the dish as extras.  I'll double check next time and there will be a next time, maybe even tomorrow, it was that good.The service was impeccable!  We did not have to wait long for our food to arrive. It was hot and flavorful. When you go, order the chicken and waffles. Be sure to use the pepper jelly that comes with the meal. The home-fries are also tasty. Especially when you order it with peppers and onions. I will definitely come back again.This is my suggestion for anyone who finds themselves in west philly and is looking for a delicious, inexpensive brunch. Located on the very wester edge of University City, Cedar Park Cafe, offers a variety of breakfast and lunch foods at very affordable prices. The veggie home fries are a must try! if you're more interested in a lunch-style dish, I highly recommend the BLT with the house made fries. The fries are seasoned perfectly! If you're planning on going on the weekend, be prepared to wait in line. The wait time varies, as it's mostly based on the weather. If it's a really nice morning, it isn't uncommon to see a line out the door and looping around the front of the building. The food is definitely worth the wait. Be advised, this is a breakfast/brunch restaurant, so they close each day at 3pm.The food is ok the service is good . However my recent visit was a bit disappointing and disturbing due to a bug problem (roaches) in which when the owner was informed had a bit of a passive attitude. When the owner was informed she sent employee out to where we were seated to kill the bug discreetly , almost immediately after that bug was disposed of, another bug was spotted. I would not recommend to anyone to eat hereCame again for brunch - this time with a huge group of friends, about 16 of us. They were really friendly and accommodating, didn't make us wait too long, and gave us all individual numbers so that we could pay separately at the end! Such efficient service AND the food was delicious with overwhelming portions...
I got a salmon steak that comes with scrambled eggs and replaced the homefries/grits with a hotcake. My total came out to be $10.75 - very reasonable especially considering I'm so full to the point of contemplating skipping dinner.This place is simple and to the point. The service is fast and friendly. The food is delicious and inexpensive. I love eating here. It is a staple of the neighborhood.This review is not for the food (which really wasn't all that great anyway), this is for our server. My girlfriend and I tried this place for the first time today. We went because it always seemed to have a line out the door. When we arrived, we sat down immediately and received menus from a hostess. No one else came to the table for at least another 20 minutes. Our server arrived (finally), and took our drink orders. She didn't return with our drinks (just two cups of coffee and a glass of water) for about ten minutes. She didn't ask if we were ready to order, which was really strange. We waited another ten minutes for her to come back and ask for our order, and she didn't even know the menu. Okay, she may be new, but having my menu taken away so she could read it herself was unpleasant and, frankly, rude. After she took our order, we waited and waited for what felt like forever. We watched other patrons enter and leave with full before we received our food. I even had to chase her down for coffee refills! She was lazy, inattentive, slow, and unpleasant. I really hate leaving lousy tips, but this server didn't get a dime from me. If you get lucky enough to end up with the right server, you'll have a MUCH better experience than we did, guaranteed.The food was good...period.
I had a veggie omelette and homefries.  It was crowded, so we sat at the bar.  Waitress (short, hispanic...I wish I remembered her name) was nice and attentive.  My sister had sausage eggs and pancakes.  She couldn't finish everything, but it was good.Well, first things first, they have no system for seating people when you enter. We had a larger group and the only place to sit was the "middle" row. I had to proactively ask what to do because nobody helped us until I walked to the register. We even called ahead to see if there'd be a wait time and the woman said no, yet we probably waited at least 20-30 minutes. 
My husband ordered an iced tea, it said "homemade" but we were seated next to the drinks fountain. They had what looked like iced tea, lemonade, and something red in old plastic bottles of Log Cabin syrup. Yes, you heard that correctly. Who knows how old those bottles are, and the tea was undrinkable. It was diabetes in a cup with how sweet it was, even when we tried to dilute it with water it was a lost cause. 
The food was eh, we finished it mostly because we were so hungry. The service was sub-par, my glass of water was never refilled. I also thought it was funny that their syrup bottles were IHOP. 
There must be better breakfast joints in Philly... I probably wouldn't go back here.This is the best breakfast spot in the neighborhood (West Philly)! The quantity is great and the quality of food is excellent. The restaurant itself is very very clean. And to top it off, the servers there are attentive and super nice.I wish I could remember the name of our server. Before I get to anything related, I have to say how positively she impacted our stop at Cedar Park. She was friendly, fun, helpful, and patient. Any customer service provider who can put up with my friends and I at our hungriest gets an out the gate 5 stars. 
The space is limited so the chance of a line is pretty high. We were seated surprisingly quickly. Once we got to the menu, everyone was shocked and amazed by the variety of options. Looking at this small, familial establishment, you would expect a "get what we give you" attitude but that is far from the case here. Once you decide what you want, there might be other options that you didn't know about. Cedar Park clearly thinks about its customers on a regular basis. It's definitely a 'Have it your way ' establishment. 
Our food came out quickly. Along with it was the most addictive sweet tea ever. It. Was. Gooood! To say that the food was plentiful would be doing it a disservice. The price was right and the portions were plentiful. I can't wait to get back!!!The chicken and waffles were really good. Not a fan of the veggie fries. We had to wait in line for a bit but I think it was because we went after church on a Sunday. Staff was very pleasant and attentive to our needs. We definitely recommend if ever in the Philly area.I feel like this place never disappoints. No matter what I order, the service is great,  food is hearty and price is cheap. How can you beat that combo?It's been a few years since my last review and I have not been back since this place burnt to the crisp and re-built in 2013 and re-opened. Nothing has changed. Still good food, friendly staff, speedy and good prices. Glad to be back in this neighborhood near one of my fave breakfast, and now I can say lunch, spots. The day I visited last week, I came for lunch. I had the Seitan Cheese steak. Also Diet Coke. You get free refills which is nice. The restaurant is very clean, like before. Glad they were able to re-build and that they still have a good business going....3.5 stars
I think of this place as the neighborhood IHOP, but with cleaner interior and friendlier staff, as well as more affordable prices.
My bf and I ordered two orders of #1 which is two eggs any style, 2 slices of toast, home fries and choice of meat (BACON of course) + I ordered a cup of coffee all for $15.17 before tip.
The food was very standard. Easy, breakfast food. My eggs were cooked as they should be, I ordered them over easy and they were perfectly done so. The bacon was crispy, good. Coffee was good. But the hash browns, I have a suggestion of seasoning them a bit better. I didn't say anything, but my boyfriend brought up the same point. But it's alright, since there's salt and pepper at the table for us to season to our liking.
Overall, a good neighborhood breakfast stop with extremely affordable prices and good portions. You can't compare this to Sabrinas, Green Eggs or anything like that. That's not what this is, or what they try to claim to be. They're just a simple diner, but they do it alright :)Honestly, I'm kind of obsessed with any place that serves chicken and waffles because it's one of my favorite brunch foods, but this place seriously knew how to do it right. So, I know that the Yelp page for Cedar Park Cafe is way oversaturated with the same picture of their standard chicken and waffles, but I still felt compelled to add the image of my personal plate, simply because it was absolutely scrumptious!
I actually feel really late to the game in visiting this place, because apparently it's a well-known West Philly gem that I hadn't known about before. Anyways, I'm glad to have finally tried it out because it really was as good as everyone had said. 
I came with a group of 7 on Sunday afternoon, so we were a bit nervous about getting seated (apparently the lines go out the door on weekends), but fortunately we must have timed it right because there weren't any lines. We still had to wait a while because we had a larger group, but we weren't in a rush so it didn't hamper the experience. In general, the service was excellent and friendly, the ambiance was a simple no-frills type of pleasant, and everything on the menu was very reasonably priced and looked great. Even though I've only had the chicken and waffles so far, one of the guys from our group who was a true veteran to this place affirmed that everything on the menu was, in fact, delicious. 
It's also located just a few blocks away from my church (one of my most favorite places in the world), so I hope to frequent it more often! My only dilemma will be whether I will try out some of the other tasty looking items on their menu or continue to treat myself to their tried-and-true excellent chicken and waffles.I'm glad this place exist. Good food, good prices fast service. I don't really need to pay 20 dollars for a good breakfast. You won't regret it. Benedictine eggs are really great, a bit more expensive (8.95), but quite cheaper that any "fancy" brunch place.Inexpensive, fast, and delicious. Grits, home fries, pancakes, eggs Benedict, all worth trying . Gets really busy on the weekends, but the line usually moves quickly.Favorite brunch place ever. Very inexpensive, great quality, fast service. I almost always have to wait in line to get in, but it's so worth the wait! I've never had a bad meal here. I have nothing but good things to say about it. My favorite meal is the Eggs Benedict. The coffee is also good. My boyfriend loves the chicken and waffle or the breakfast wraps. 10/10!Who doesn't love brunch?? I'm pretty disappointed in myself for not visiting this place any sooner since it's so close to home. My sister and I decided to try the chicken and waffles, and the #6 (I believe) breakfast platter that had came with eggs, pancakes, home fries and a choice of protein. The chicken from my dish was a bit on the dry side and the breading fell right off the chicken, but the waffle itself was yummy. My sister on the other hand, enjoyed everything except the soggy home fries. The potatoes weren't crispy at all and seemed a bit wet. Even with the slight problems with our meals, we would definitely visit again to try other dishes at Cedar Park Cafe.I've been to this breakfast spot a couple of times now and I've been dying to come back!  We arrived during the Saturday brunch rush, but didn't have to wait too long to be seated (10 minutes).  Once seated, I ordered an orange juice and #8 (2 hotcakes, eggs, turkey bacon, and home fries with the green peppers and onions).  EVERYTHING was delicious but my absolute favorite was the home fries.  They have a nice outer crisp with a softer filling combined with grilled onions and green peppers.  It's by choice to get the green peppers and onions so make sure to mention it when ordering if your waiter doesn't.  
The atmosphere is super chill and simple as is the service which is provided with good dose of friendly.  From past experiences, there have been moments that I've waited a while for the food to be served but it wasn't the case today.  Highly recommend this gem in West Philly for honest and homey breakfast food.This brunch place is close to my house so I visit here on Sundays. I tried several dishes on their menu so far and all of them are pretty good. Waiting could be long during weekend. Service is kind of slow. Normally need to wait 15 to 20 mins to get have your food served. All the omelets in the middle of their menu are pretty big in size, served with hash browns and stuffed with generous cheese and vegetables. The waffle and fried chicken is also classic and delicious. The fried chicken tastes sort of Asian-ish flavored with some secret MSG salt I guess ;)The meat is juicy inside and crunchy. Strongly Recommend it!The service has declined a lot...it used to be okay....not anymore...Service was ok. I probably stood in line for a good 5 minutes before they even acknowledged I was there. I would recommend their chicken and waffles. It was good and tasty and their dipping sauce for the chicken was on point.Delicious food, friendly service!  I had a cheesesteak that rocked, and my hubby had a HUGE omelette.  Next visit, chicken and waffles.This is in my neighbourhood and I've come here handful of times. Some times I get cravings for home fries and typical diner breakfast food. It's owned by Koreans so at first I wasn't too sure if they knew how to make good American style breakfasts (my doubts are from me being a Korean-American and mostly seeing Koreans owning dry cleaners, fruit stands, Stop and Go marts, and corner groceries). Rest assured, their breakfast selections are good and tastes delicious. I love their home fries, esp with peppers and onions. Their eggs are always done right too (fried, scrambled, or omelette). I also appreciate them having vegetarian and vegan options because it makes it easier coming here with vegetarian or vegan friends. Service is always great! Prompt, efficient, and friendly. The place is spacious, but they always have customers and I have not seen the place slow. Price is pretty good too, usually for breakfast food about $9 and they give you a lot! I don't feel like I need to go to S. Philly, NE Philly, or Germantown to go to some good diners. So glad Cedar Park Cafe is nearby. Parking can be a challenge (I usually walk there), but you will be able to find a parking within few blocks from the cafe.This place is a nice neighborhood diner. It's usually packed whenever we go so the atmosphere is always lively. I usually come with a small group of people on Sunday mornings and we usually get seated with 15 minutes or less. They are efficient while not being pushy despite having a full hous.
The food is good for the price. And they have a good variety with verrry generous portions. The chicken and waffle is decent which is one of my favorite breakfast items ever. I also like the corned beef hash and grits. The staff are also pretty accommodating and friendly. For the price I definitely give this place 5 stars.Food was average. Nothing special. The servers were all very friendly and nice. But the food service took forever. We came on a Saturday around 10am, so it was quite a crowd, but for the average food we got, we waited much too long. Bacon was cooked nicely. I ordered over easy eggs and got sunny side up. The French toast and pancakes were nothing to talk about.I was hoping for the experience that many Yelpers enjoyed but was sadly disappointed.
Our waitress was miserable. She clearly didn't want us to be there. When our food arrived, we had to wait a few minutes for utensils. When we asked for asked for water the first time, we thought that once would be enough. Would I have liked a second cup of coffee? Our waitress will never know. 
The food was "meh". I had the the grits, eggs and salmon platter. The salmon was fried until the flavor was gone leaving only a dry brick in its place. The grits were blessed with a giant glob of butter.
The Mrs ordered an omelet but made the mistake of assuming all of the ingredients she requested - crazy stuff like cheese - would be included. I guess the chef gets to pick the ones he/she feels like including.
No plans to return.Yes. Yes. Yes. Yesssssss
What can I say? When I walked in I immediately was like "meh, I'm not going to like this as a breakfast/brunch place." Boy was I so wrong. 
First the food is literally 5 stars. I'd sworn off chicken and waffles after being disappointed by lack of flavor in the chicken but this place restored my belief! The chicken was perfectly seasoned n very crispy- to perfection. The waffles were fluffy n the butter was the icing on the cake. 
The BLT- usually I abstain from buying BLTs in public bc I mean, come on u can make that ish at home. But this one was worth it- idk what it was but It was crazy good- I'm sure there was a special sauce or mayo on it. Whatever it was, I'll def get it again. 
Even the basic breakfast platters are exceptional. It comes with two eggs (obviously I got over easy) and hash browns but the hash browns are HUGE, filled with onions and bell peppers, and perfectly crispy.  Honestly, aside from the eggs, the hashbrowns stole the show. I got my platter with the salmon steak- which was admittedly "just ok" at best but dipped in the egg yolk it worked just fine. 
Finally atmosphere - yes today is a cold dreary day but this place is perfectly quaint and calm. The staff are friendly, and the service is respectful and not overbearing. Perfect for anytime of day.Clean, delicious and affordable. I do work in the area so its always feels like you have the best news in town when you find a restuarant that exceeds your expectations. While the decor is very minimal the staff is colorful, friendly and timely.  I have visited at least three times since my first visit and coworkers have followed. The one dish that I seem to gravitate to is the Veggie Home Fries. Who would of thought of adding veggies to home fries? So glad that Cedar Park Cafe thinks outside the box. I am not afraid to putt ketchup on my broccoli with this mixture. Anyway maybe one day I will move on to something else on the menu. For now though I recomment the Veggie Home Fries and to check out this lil diamond. There is plenty of seating and kid friendly. Bon Apetite..We have been customer at Cedar Park Cafe 3 years now and most of the times we had good experience, but the last two times were not pleasant. The first one two weeks ago when we got inside we sat at a table which was almost clean. They told us the table was dirty and we need to move to different table. The waitres did not even look in our eyes and did not try to finish cleaning up the table. The second time was yesterday April 20th. After we ordered the food, we saw tons of ants moving around the wall and on our table, later on the ants came to our food.Get there early!!! Everybody wants some. Vegetarian options are pretty good. The chicken cheesesteak is yummy. The price is pretty reasonable too. It's nice to have a decent diner in the neighborhood.You come here for cheapness and simple cravings.  The food here comes in big portions, cheap prices, and a family friendly environment.  It's like diner food, but the taste isn't as good as Grandma's special recipe good.  Yet, it's definitely something that'll please you knowing you had a good meal at the expense of less than $10.Dankwiches are so amazing! Great spot in West Philly with great service. Can't wait to come back.Excellent service from the staff as usual. As concerning the food, it's still great and the price is right for our budget.This is a wonderful place to grab brunch. They have a great number of options of both sweet and savory dishes. All the omelets are huge. Ask them to add avocado if you're a fan to your omelets! The hotcakes topped with walnuts were excellent and generous in size. Other good dishes here are the chicken and waffles as well as the French toast.This place is absolutely amazing. The turkey bacon has an amazing smokey flavor. 
We also had the chicken and waffles. The waffles are flavorful and light and the chicken has a nice sweet and spicy characteristic. 
Our table also took on a veggie omelet with homefries. Everything we had was a hit.every time i've walked past cedar park cafe there's always been a wait, and let me tell you, it is worth every minute! good old fashioned breakfast/brunch food with no frills and an affordable price tag. i would suggest an omelette or the chicken and waffles, but you really cant go wrong here. classic, reliable and always delicious!Delicious food. Fast and friendly service. Blueberry pancakes people. That is all. I would absolutely go here again. It was just a little walk from where I was staying. Just excellent breakfast food. Nothing fancy but definitely deliciousHad waffles, eggs, and bacon May2015. Large portions, small taste. Good if you're very hungry, but not as satisfying for those who want big flavor. Prices are very reasonable. I'd say better than average because the restaurant was clean and service was reasonable.Friendly service. Good waffles. Chicken has cornflake breading my husband didn't care for it but I liked it, different.First time here today, food was excellent. I had the #8 with scrambled eggs, bacon, home fries, and French toast. All was excellent. Boyfriend had the chicken and waffles which was amazing. Service was a little slow but they were busy, but our server was friendly. Only reason for not giving a full five stars is that there's not much room to wait. It's first come, first serve... Just wait in line.I love this place!  I love that the staff are so ridiculously friendly that even if they screw something up it's impossible to be annoyed.   I love the subtle upsell when you order homefries and they say "would you like peppers and onions in those too?"  or "want cheese on your eggs"...these girls are good.  I love how Baltimore Ave is lined with police cars b/c they're all inside eating.  I love how cheap it is for two people to eat breakfast.  I love how they warn you that the sausage is pork (AND you can get links or patties).   I love how ALL of West Philly eats here as neighbors and friends.  
I'm giving 5-stars for what this place is -- a VERY decent neighborhood diner that serves up a filling cheap breakfast and in relation to other breakfast/lunch serving cafes (including others right up the street) it's great !  It's not 5-star in comparison to someplace like Lacroix, that would be an apples/oranges sort've thing...Cedar Park cafe is my "go to" spot.   I've tried almost everything on the menu,  it's all amazing.  The food is delicious and really affordable.    Whether you are in the mood for breakfast or lunch... this is the place to come to.   The service is always on point and the staff is friendly.My friend and I chose this place because we were scoping out the town before we checked into our AirBnB in Kingssessing (which never happened). 
Anyway, this breakfast spot is great for families, but it is very crowded and closes early. Their eggs Benedict and Homefries were delicious! 
The price of my meal was so inexpensive for such a delicious breakfast option! 
I would recommend coming here if you're passing through :). 
And there's a vintage record shop right next door if you're into that :).I was craving breakfast food and this place hit the spot! The food was AMAZING. I left stuffed, after having everything I wanted and then some. The service was great! Will definitely come again the next time I'm in Philly. Thank you!Please don't come here if you hate places that serve the whole community.  Places that serve food cooked with love.  A place to catch up with an old friend and not feel rushed.  Please go somewhere else.This is a good breakfast spot, which is hard to find in this neighborhood.
It's heavy on the egg dishes. They do have pancakes, french toast, and waffles, but they are all listed as sides and require you to build your own plate when wanting one of them to be your main item. This is one of a few knocks, and the reason why I am not giving this 4 or 5 stars. 
Another knock was with the waffle the only fruit they had was bananas. In fact, that's the only fruit they had if you wanted fruit. 
The last knock is the servers seemed a bit harried and not the most attentive, some more so than others.
Knocks aside, the food was real good and the price was good. I had cheese eggs, pancakes, sausage and potatoes. It all tasted great, but the potatoes with the add on of peppers and onions was truly awesome.
My wife got a waffle, bacon and potatoes. The waffle was great, and thankfully we had fresh strawberries and whipped cream at home.
If the servers lighten up and the menu expands to be more than an egg focused place, this spot can be great.
All that said, if you live in this area, you probably won't find much better for your breakfast needs.What  nice place to have just a couple blocks from home! This was definitely something the neighborhood was lacking, a breakfast/lunch joint. And what a relief this place delivers good food at great prices!
The service was friendly and the food is buttery goodness that gets your day started right. My go-to are the breakfast sandwiches with a side of home fries recently, but I'm sure I'll be trying out other menu selections. 
My only gripe is the coffee, which sometimes has a sour taste which isn't so awesome.
I'm sure I'll be a regular here, which may make my regular "up-scale" brunch choices a little upset. Sorry!Oh how I wished I ordered the chicken and waffles, but my son did, so I got to try some.  Went with the family for breakfast on a Sunday morning.  This is a great spot to take kids, as there is a small park directly across the street for pre or post meal fun.  
I ordered the eggs Benedict, tasty, but could have been hotter.  The rest of my crew ordered pancakes.  They were light and fluffy, and pretty tasty.  Let's get back to the chicken and waffles for a minute, Great dish.  Boneless, well seasoned, and fired perfectly, the chicken was accompanied with a tangy dippy sauce on the side.  Really good stuff.  
Chicken and Waffle eating instructions: Take a piece of this delicious crispy chicken, a piece of the buttery waffle, dip into sauce, stuff your face, smile.
Fast service, great prices, good for kids, and delicious food - everything I look for.  Should I be back in this part of Philly, I will definitely go again.This place is so awesome and as others have noted, exactly what our gentrifying neighborhood needed - cheap, fast, all american fare.  Also, super friendly and good for kids.Visited here today, a rainy Wednesday morning before thanksgiving. There were about 3 tables seated when I walked in. I was greeted and told I could sit wherever I'd like. The waitress was at my table shortly after. She was very kind and polite. I ordered a cup of coffee, a water, and the chicken and waffles. The waitress brewed a fresh pot of coffee which was nice.  I really enjoyed the chicken and waffles. It had a great outer coating of what seemed like corn flakes and spices, making it crispy on the outside and nice and juicy on the inside. The spices were very tasty in my opinion, however, if you are a person that cannot handle any spice, I would suggest you order something else (or perhaps they can leave the spices out). The waitress was kind and I never felt rushed. I was checked on throughout my meal, received a coffee refill when it was low, and my check was delivered in a timely manner. I enjoyed my visit here and will definitely be back.This completely unpretentious breakfast-all-day joint is clean and the service is friendly. We sat at a table (3 of us) but the counter looked perfect for another time if I come in there by myself. The non-breakfast fare seemed pretty unremarkable and actually unappetizing (just judging from the menu) so we went for breakfast (eggs, all three of us, in various forms) and that was the right decision. I had an egg-white omelette with provolone, grits, whole wheat toast. Excellent. The bill for the three of us came to $20. What a deal. I hope this place survives.What a gem. My girlfriend and I wish we would have found this place sooner than a few weeks before we move to New York. Anyhow, this place impressed us both. As soon as we walked through the door we were warmly greeted and picked a booth. Our waitress was Sanaya and she was very friendly and made sure we were happy. The food definitely hit the "full breakfast" spot we were craving. We both got eggs, bacon, orange juice, toast, home fries, and I got a side of sausage and a coffee. It came to roughly $18. That's it. The food came to us fresh, hot, and very quick and in both our opinions was better tasting than Midtown. Actually, we agreed everything was batter. The food, service, atmosphere, cleanliness, portions, and price. We'll definitely go back before we move.This place is the best. I'm so glad it reopened after renovations- when I saw it shuttered, I thought it might be gone for good. Thankfully, it's back and the place looks great. 
The food is solid, cheap breakfast stuff. They serve lunch, but I always stick to the breakfast/brunch side of the menu, and it doesn't disappoint. The French toast is the definite standout. 
The waitresses are nice, very attentive and pleasant. The whole place has a real neighborhood feel, everyone seems to know, or at least like, each other. It's my go to place for breakfast in West Philly/Cedar Park.Decent place for a bite with the kids. I wouldn't order the over cooked, over battered chicken & waffles again. Everything else was acceptable.Service was good! food was great! my mom and I came at the perfect time. We dodged a bullet and were seated right away. Right as we sat down, a long line started forming and had people waiting at least 10 mins before being seated. With that being said, this place gets busy quick! I got the California omelette and it was okay, but I wouldn't get it again. I loved the potato bread though. My mom got the cheesesteak and it was good !I had heard pretty rave reviews about this place from friends and was excited to hear that they were back in business after the building next door fell on their roof.
On the down side...
I got a burger and onion rings and it was just about the most standard burger and fries you could get.  It wasn't bad but there was absolutely nothing special about it.  I wish that the burger was cooked a little more.  Seemed like both the burger and the onion rings were probably frozen.  Really I would have enjoyed a McDonalds burger more and paid a fraction of the price.
On the plus side...
My girlfriend got one of the breakfast combos and absolutely loved it.  The home fries were very tasty.  She is very excited to go back again.  Also on the plus side, I really liked the ambiance and service.  I like that this restaurant had a more representative sample of West Philly demographics, unlike neighboring restaurants that only seem to attract the middle white class hipsters of this area.  I enjoyed seeing people of all ages, styles, races, and economic backgrounds enjoying a nice meal together.Fast service, good quality food. I've been here a handful of times and each time the food and service have been awesome. 
Maybe my only issue is that parking is kind of a hassle but it's on Baltimore, what do you expect ya know?I went around 11am on a Sunday and had to wait about 30 minutes to be seated. When I did get a table, the server came and took my order right away and my food only took about 10 minutes. The food was just ok. The pancakes were thicker than I'm used to and didn't really taste like pancakes, just bread with syrup. The homefries were good but the peppers and onions are cut kind of big. I asked for egg whites with cheese and I thought they would scramble the cheese in but they just put it on top, which is very weird - first time I've ever seen that done. The bacon was amazing though! Fried perfectly!! I got a fountain soda which came in a styrofoam cup with a lid and straw which I appreciate because I was able to get a refill before I left and took it with me. The best thing was the prices!! My entire meal, including the drink, was only $12!! $12!!!!! I'll be back here!So I live in the area and was looking for a good breakfast spot . I came across this place and decided to give it a try due to all the excellent ratings I have to start by saying the atmosphere was pleasant . My family ordered eggs, sausages and pancakes with hash browns . Our waitress was pretty nice but nothing to brag about . I was looking forward to the pancakes bc it's my favorite breakfast of choice. The pancakes were awful so awful id choose the pancakes box any day . I could literally taste baking soda or powder whatever it was it was strong . The eggs were absolutely tasteless and I ordered sunny side up , they were
Barely cooked . The hash browns again not seasoned and tasteless and very greasy May I say the food was overall a grease ball ( yuck ) Sadly the
Sausage was the only good thing to eat . Pricing wasn't bad but mostly I was disappointed in the menu it was little to choose from  . I am surprised at how many positive ratings this place has either we came at a bad day or people don't know what decent good food is . I wouldn't ever recommended this place to anyone unless there going for coffee and I sure wouldn't come back .I'm in love with their breakfast food so much so that some of the waitresses know my "special" orders by heart LOLYummy chicken and waffles! Simple, no fuss breakfast diner. It's standard fare so don't expect the fancied-up food (and prices) that you get in center city. 
I went on a Thursday morning so there was no line or wait. 
Will definitely go back to try their other bfast foods!Dankwhich?!? Are you joking?  Steak, egg, cheese, and home fries smashed into a long roll. Get it. Servers are down to earth, nice people. Place is on point.This place is pretty regular. It's reasonably priced and in my neighborhood, which is why I come here occasionally. The food is mostly standard diner fare. My one complaint is that the menu doesn't have an option for eggs, toast, and home fries, which is my usual go-to order at a diner. All the eggs/toast/home fries options come with some type of meat, which I'd rather not pay for as a vegetarian. Instead, I usually get an egg sandwich on a bagel, which is good.This was my first time here and it was great! I ordered the Salmon steak with eggs and home fries with peppers and onions. The food came out fast and it was hot and it tasted even better. We were quickly seated and we didn't have to wait too long for out food to come out. I'll definitely be back the next time I'm in PhillyIf you need some good, quick brunch food, here's the place! I usually get a egg, hash brown and sausage or bacon combo but sometimes I venture to having a pancake, egg and sausage or bacon combo. I like the pork bacon more than the sausage  because it is cooked "crunchy" if you understand lol. No matter what, the food is always good. Service is pretty efficient too. The servers are on point with their customers. Seats are self assigned unless it's crowded. I remember coming on a Saturday and waiting at the door/vestibule for a table, which seemed a little weird hovering over people eating. When that happens, the workers point us to the tables. Overall, good place for a filling breakfast or lunch. :-)Horrible service!!! Especially on Sunday's!!! It's a shame because the food is good. Not sure why, but people don't seem to understand their jobs...waitresses working at the register and not helping customers. Come on man!!!!So lucky to have this neighborhood cafe nearby! I've come here on a few occasions with a friend who initially recommended it and have been pleased every time--with the food, the service, and the ease of getting a table immediately upon arrival. Yes, it does get packed especially on weekends, but for what you pay for the portions and service you get, it is all worth it! The bottomless coffee, pancakes and french toast are wonderful, as are the eggs and hash browns; though next time I am hoping to try the chicken and waffles! I've also never come here for lunch, so there is more on the menu I've yet to try; though more often than not I find myself eating breakfast food at any time of day...because why not?I just attempted to eat here. I stood near the please wait to be seated sign for 5 minutes, made eye contact with staff multiple times and never was seated, so I left.I would mark this down so far as the best place I've been since I've been to Philly food is great Service greatProbably the best fried chicken and waffles I've ever had. And for about $8, it's a definite must go next time I'm in Philly. 
I don't know how they get their fried chicken to be so moist and tasty and perfectly fried but all I care about is that I can eat to my heart's content. 
The space looks vaguely like a Chinese lunch place back home in SF. Maybe that's just what I grew up with when I go to a local, humble and authentic restaurant?
Cedar Park Cafe has that homey feel with plenty of seating. What's not to like?I am happy with Cedar Park Cafe and have nothing bad to say.  It is my default restaurant when I am working nearby.  They have the usual breakfast food and sandwiches.  I usually get corned beef hash and fried eggs.  The food arrives promptly and the potatoes are unusually brown and crisp.  The coffee is good.  Hash and coffee costs around $10.
They open early, but close after lunch, at 3:00.This simple, no-frills diner has recently reopened in its original location at 4912 Baltimore, in addition to its other Overbrook location, which was established after the Cedar Park location was damaged in the Christmas Eve 2012 fire and its aftermath. This is the perfect little breakfast & lunch joint, basic diner food done right and served with a smile. I am so glad it's back!!!I never knew about this place until my aunt mentioned their amazing chicken and waffles. The wait for a seat line was hanging out the door however luckily I called in for take out. My food was really delicious and the chicken had a lil spice to it.This place is AMAZING. The French toast is so good along with everything else on the menu. I pretty much sat down ordered and got my food minutes later. I also love the staff they are so sweet and accommodating.Deeply confused on the buzz of great reviews here. The food is beyond mediocre, the service is awful, wait time is ridiculously long because the service is so awful and slows the time people are seated. 
I actually liked this place better when it first opened. It had more space with that diner feel because of the counter seats for individuals. But I figured I would give it a 2nd try since it's become such a popular spot. 
We waited 30min for a seat, 10min for the waitress to "greet" us- it took us standing up to walk out for her to come over. Then she forgot to bring several different elements of our order out- from coffee and tea to a waffle. 
Sure it's super cheap, but that's about it's got going for it, and that's if cheap is worth the wait, rudeness and diarrhea you'll have later.This was my 2nd visit to Cedar Park Cafe and first since they reopened.  I came with a fairly large grp of 8 and we got seated pretty quickly. Separate tables but right next to each other.  I ordered the chicken and waffles which I thought was quite good.  They other breakfast options ordered by my friends looked really good too.  The service was really nice.    I definitely would like to go backThis place is exactly what a diner should be. The food isn't the best I've ever had, but the vegetarian options are great for a diner! The service is great and the food came out quickly. I would say that in  the neighborhood the veg options aren't the best possible but if you are looking for a quick and diner experience go here.I wish I lived in Southwest Philadelphia so I can come here all of the time!  It is delicious, fresh, has great service, and very well priced.  Great pancakes!  The condiments aren't the best (ketchup and syrup), but you get what you pay for.  I love brunch food and this place is definitely one of the best in Philadelphia for the price.  No frills!Great local spot for decent, reliable food. Had an egg burrito that passed with flying colours. For reliable decent breakfast brunch food and a sense of a West Philly neighbourhood vibe, come here. I've yet to try their famous chicken and waffles. Good experience overall. Worth coming to again.Cedar Park Cafe is one of those spots you stumble upon while casually walking back to your apartment in West Philly. Along with the very homey vibes it gives off, the smell of freshly baked hot cakes is what got us to pay a visit. 
The menu had many options for different brunch items, but what caught our eye was the super affordable prices! A lot of cafes seem super overpriced for their pancakes and egg benedict, but this spot had some really good deals.
The reason I gave 3 stars was because of how unsatisfied I was about the egg benedict. As much as I love my eggs, this one was just not cutting it. It was way too watery and also felt a little cold. 
Aside from my displeasure, I really enjoyed the hot cakes and waffles! We got chocolate chip
with fruit and whip cream on the side. They actually gave us the whip cream bottle which was both unique but also a little worrisome. We stayed just until it was closing time. 
Another great aspect about this spot is that it gave off the type of vibes I would expect from a Philly spot. I would definitely come again for the hot cakes and homemade fries!Your neighborhood diner! I actually have a hard time finding good yet simple cafes/diners, but this is it! I always order chicken and waffles, and the chicken never fails to be crispy! I've had almost everything here now on the menu, from the wraps to the grits, and although it is not the most amazing food you'll ever have, you will leave happy, even with the bill :) 
PS. Apparently even Clinton has been here now?The food is diner food, and it's under $10 for an entree, which is GREAT!
The service, is horrible.  I go in regularly, because of the location and the fact there's nothing else in the area like this.  If I wait to be seated, I'm told I don't have to wait... when I just sit, I'm told (not in a nice way) to wait until we're told to sit.  Every.  Time.
After you get your food, they're DONE with you.  Forget about a coffee refill, I've never once been offered one, and when I ask for more, it's always been met with annoyance.  Rarely get my check, and have to go up to ask for my check when I pay... which is met with annoyance, "you don't have your bill?!"  Umm... no... I didn't even get a coffee refill.  
Again, I've been in here a dozen plus times, and whether there's 1 or 50, the service is the same.  Horrible.  
And... I will continue to come back, because it's all there is in the area. 
Hey West Philly, how about opening a coffee shop and affordable, friendly diner?Cedar Park rocks. Decent diner food, breakfast & lunch only. Servers & cooks alike are all great people. So glad they came back in this location after the unfortunate 2012 fire next door at Elana's. The other location in Overbrook is great too.
Nice to be in a restaurant that looks a little bit more like the diversity of the neighborhood, by the way! I miss the counter, and weekends are sometimes crowded, but that's always the way with that "brunch" crowd.Good place for breakfast. The food was good. I ordered the #10 breakfast with chocolate chip pancakes based on another review that I read. Sooooo chocolatey and delicious. My boyfriend ordered the same but with banana pancakes. Just an FYI, the chocolate chips and blueberries are cooked into the pancakes, all other options are just toppings, $1.75 extra charge. 
The waitress was friendly, and made sure that we satisfied with our meals. 
The downside of the cafe is the door. For traffic purposes, it would be great if they add another door, just for the flow of traffic. Also, the clearing of tables could be a little more efficient if they hired someone to do that to help the waitresses, bc it is quite busy.
Overall, I would go back. The food is fresh, reasonably priced, and the meals were great and made to order.hi owner. It will be a good idea to get together with uber that way people can get their food delivered and there will not be so much of a crowd inside the restaurant.That makes it easier for everybody the customer and your staffthe food was excellent and affordable. I will definitely be going back if I'm in the area. our waitress was very nice and helped us on suggestions where to go walk around.I was so very disappointed with this place I sat there 45 mins before I was greeted and once I was greeted the server was so rude. I'm a server myself so I was trying to be patient put it was ridiculous. The food was good and came out quick but everything else suckedIt's was busy but service was great/prompt. I got their chicken and waffle special. It was really good. Good spot for brunch or nursing a hangover! The home fries were ok.Local favorite for giant portions of classic breakfast fare with upscale twists like Salmon. 
Seriously best breakfast bang for the buck, nicely executed, great service, coffee always full, during very busy weekend brunch!Let me start off with this....the food here is bananas! 
Came here for the first time this past Saturday with the fam. Now my wife had ordered from here once before, and kept raving about this spot to me for weeks. Finally broke it down, gave in, and took the short 5 min. drive over. Parking wasn't bad for a busy & beautiful Sat. morning on Baltimore Ave...I know how hectic it can get. We strolled in and waited about 15-20 min. to be seated. It was packed as expected but we came at a good time, so getting a table was no issue.
The waitress and staff here are very gracious and courteous. Very clean space. I ordered the chicken and waffles. That was the first time I've ever had that for breakfast, anywhere. The chicken is very fresh, with the right amount of crispiness on the outside, and tender on the inside. The portions are very generous for the price (I believe it was around $8.00 or so). The waffles were thick and hearty, with just the right amount of butter, just the way Dee likes 'em!
What I really enjoyed the most (aside from the food of course), was the diversity of the customers seated around me, kids, teens, and adults....smiling, laughing and enjoying their meals. I was soaking up that moment, and made me realize how important it is for us as a community to continue going out and supporting our local businesses. Especially the establishments that put out great food and service such as Cedar Park Cafe.
So yeah, I'm a fan, and will most def be back at some point...for lunch!
Later...Simply place with great customer service and food...you cannot go wrong! I had the chicken and waffles...great!The food here is to die for and I really enjoyed my Reuben the only reason I gave 4 stars is the fruit flies that were flying around my food while I was eating.My husband and I picked up cedar park on the way home from a long weekend. It was sooo good. The portions were huge,  everything is homemade. I give it 4 stars only because I've had better breakfast/brunch in the city at places like north 3rd and hawthornes. I reserve 5 stars for meals I don't think I could make myself. But!  Delicious and worth stopping in.Don't bother going because the service is absolute trash. Not sure what we did to upset the staff, I can only guess it was because we sat at a dirty table (the host told us to seat ourselves), but we sat and waited for over 15 minutes watching people who came in well after us getting menus and service. Another table had to ask their server to help us because we looked so confused and she literally looked at us and shook her head saying it wasn't her table, it was clear she wasn't interested in helping us in the slightest. When I saw the servers audibly arguing about who would get our table, we walked out. I am a server too and I understand if the restaurant is busy, but we were clearly being punished and pushed out of the restaurant by the staff. I'm not going to stick around if the servers have to argue over who gets us and cause a scene making everyone extremely uncomfortable. If you're looking at these reviews to help you decide where to eat, I would recommend Gold Standard down the street or even the food truck in the park.I love it here. The line gets pretty long on weekends but they have their process figured out and are really efficient about getting people seated, having people pay at the counter so tables clear up faster, etc. The quality is consistent -- I usually get an omelette with homefries and they're always delicious. It's hard to find good diner-type food that isn't trying to be fancy and Cedar Park has just that.I came around noon on a weekday, so there wasn't a wait. This cafe is in a pleasant location. Beautiful trees are waving outside. Unfortunately my sis and I couldn't get the window seats, but it was still nice to watch nonetheless.
In terms of the food and service, I would say they were just OK. The server we had was good, adequate enough. She was standing off to the side not really paying attention when we asked for her to take our check, but this is nothing against her character. Could she have been more alert-- yeah. Could she have been bubblier, yes probably. But she was good.
The food I had was nothing incredible really. I used to live in Southwest Philly, and Woodland Village makes similar food, for cheaper. I think their platters are $4, in fact. The venue isn't as nice or as clean, but the food is comparable to here.  So of course it was a little disappointing to have eggs, sausage links and a waffle that tasted like something I could make myself at home or get at Woodland Village for around $8. For all that, I may as well have paid an extra few dollars and gone to Sabrina's and had one of their breakfast concoctions.
I finished all my food. I enjoyed the time of day and the atmosphere. I just wasn't amazed by what I had for breakfast. Maybe I'll go back for the Chicken and Waffles?Tried this spot out on Sunday for breakfast an the place was packed.. Standby room only had to wait a few mins to be seated. Our waitress came an sat us down and took our order.. I wish she would have told us her name so I cld put it in my review cause she was awesome. I can describe her as dark skin and fairly slim.. Anyways she made my coffee perfectly both times. I ordered the fish and grits an boyfriend ordered eggs, hash browns, turkey sausage. I thought the fish could have been alittle bigger but it actually was just enough to fill me up an not make me uncomfortable. When we left the line was out the door.. This place is well liked, and frequented by all which I loved.. The prices were fair! Will go backThis place has live roaches! Do not eat there!  I stopped in to dine with my boyfriend for lunch and noticed live roaches at the entrance next to the ATM machine.  Roaches were also crawling on the ATM machine which is located next to the garbage.  We left immediately.  I will not eat here.  I hope that Food Safety Sanitation will inspect this place to ensure that it is up to code.I haven't order anything bad here yet. The wait service is not bad it's the kitchen that's slow waited a good amount of time before my food came out the place wasn't busy like it usually is oh well the food good just gotta pack your patient.My go-to weekend breakfast spot. Great menu all around. Their omelettes, fried chicken, and hotcakes are great!Everyone is wearing their coats in here. I asked the cashier about turning up the heat and he said the heat is on but it takes a while to turn up. The place has already been open for a few hours!What a treat. Great food at the right price. One time was given Ham instead of Pork Roll but I think it was my fault because I asked for "Taylor Ham" which is a North Jersey translation of "Taylor Pork Roll" as it's more commonly referred to in South Jersey/Philly (as I understand). Once I dropped my eggs on the floor and they offered to bring me new ones. French toast is a bit too buttery. Flapjacks are 10/10. Very post-church vibe on Sundays in a good way. Great location, sometimes the kitchen is slow but the servers are very communicative about it and they're all doing their best ! Definitely recommend for a low-key morning bite.Probably the best french toast I've had in a very long time! Definitely worth the try.They seated us next to the kitchen, because the front half of the restaurant (with the only windows) is "closed" after about 1:30 pm. We were surrounded by dirty dishes at other tables throughout the meal. They didn't drain the bacon. I had to beg for a second cup of coffee. The waffles and chicken were still good. They need to think about the experience from the customers' point of view.Heard so much about Cedar Park's chicken and waffles, so of course, I had to try it out.  I came with a friend and both decided to go with their famous plate (instead of getting two different items and sharing like I would normally do). Reading the raving reviews, I really thought that this dish would be spectacular, but unfortunately, was very disappointed.  
In terms of service, we came here on a Sunday around noon. It was quite busy and we probably didn't get seated until after 25 minutes waiting in line.  Even after seating, the service was slow.  We waited for 15 minutes just to pay our bill because our server just never came back (this was after the brunch crowd slowed down significantly).  
As for food? Well, either my expectations were too high or they just experienced a very bad day. The waffle was dry and too cakey.  And the two pieces of breaded chicken (albeit crispy and had some decent flavors) was not tender nor moist. I understand that eateries have good and bad days, but based on both food and service, it'd probably be a while before I would give Cedar Park Cafe another try.This was my first time in Cedar Park, and naturally my friend and I were looking for a brunch place. This place caught our eye because it was so close. We were immediately seated but we quickly realized this was a super popular joint. And soon we realized why.
 The portions are enormous and delicious. I got #8 with Turkey Bacon and sausage patty. It also came with savory grits, toast, amazing home fries (seriously, the place is worth it just for the home fries), and 2 eggs. Needless to say, I was stuffed. Everything was great and reasonably priced. 
Highly recommended.Good food but can be a little slow. Must repeat order because sometimes there have forgot what was wanted on order, but the food is good.I love their breakfast: Pork Sausage patties, Homefries, Cheese Eggs, Wheat Toast w/ butter .. Off the hook!!I love this place but I feel like it's gone downhill. I routinely have to ask servers twice or three times for things. Their butter is stale and tastes like it's absorbed the odors from The interiors of their walk-in fridge, their coffee is hit or miss, their bathrooms are gendered and dirty and dingy looking, the menu prices are awesome but you have to know how to order everything, for instants I find myself having to order waffles, home fries, corn beef hash, everything except for french fries well done. The cooks rush and don't even cook their pancakes and waffles until they're just done, they are never crispy.This place is right down the block from where I get my haircut and I try to stop in when I can for one of my favorite meals...Chicken and Waffles!!   It's so good here, and at a very fair price!   The chicken is a little spicy, but paired with the sweet waffle and maple syrup, it's pure perfection.   I stopped in this morning with my daughters, since they were off from school.   I knew the portions were on the large size, so we ordered two plates, to share between the 3 of us and we even had leftovers!
We ordered the Chicken and Waffles, and a plate of creamed chipped beef.   The chipped beef on toast comes with 2 eggs, any style and grits or hash browns.   One of my girls wanted a side of bacon, too, so we had that, as well.  The service was friendly and efficient and the food came out quite quickly.   Both of my girls liked the chicken and waffles and they devoured the chipped beef plate.    
I'll definitely return when I'm in the area.  Credit Cards only over $10 bill.My family have been coming here for many years. The last two have been spotty. The prior waitress was good, these waitress, cooks and manager is HORRIBLE. We decided to put this place in the don't patronize list.  Slow service and cold food don't add up.Every time I eat here, there's a line out the door. But the food is worth the wait. Specifically, the chicken and waffles are worth the wait. I love the panko-breading on the chicken, unique but tasty, and not too greasy. I keep meaning to try their other fare, but the pull of the chicken and waffles are too much :)
Clean. Family friendly. Generous portions at a good price. And good coffee too!Busy diner like restaurant that has by far the best chicken and waffles ever.  The rest of there breakfast menu is pretty basic and could be had anywhere but I would certainly trek out to West Philly again for the chicken and waffle dish.  A warning about their staff though is that the younger ones seem to really not care.  The young woman we had needed to be reminded of drinks we had ordered and begged for coffee refills. I even had to wait for a check with piled up dirty dishes in front me for 15 minutes.  Thank goodness their food was good because the service I received certainly wouldn't bring me back.