Good beer, decent food, nice interior. I had the burger, it wasn't mind-blowing but I enjoyed it. Kev had the catfish poboy, he thought it could use a bit more of a kick, the flavor was a tad lacking.  Service was quick, efficient, and friendly. I'd go back and try the chicken and waffles.Cedar Point is pretty legit. My girlfriend and I have been twice and thought our food was great. We've had the vegetarian chili, the pulled pork sandwich, and the white bean kale burger. It was super tasty and filling. The beer selection is alright, but overall the service is great and the atmosphere is cool.My friends and I stopped in here while we were waiting for a ridiculously long wait for Loco Pez on dollar taco night. The bartenders were super friendly and did a great job of keeping up with everyone sitting at the bar. They had a great draft list, having a ton of variety on types of beers for a good price. They have a late night happy hour as well, starting at 10!I enjoyed dinner here so much I've been twice in one week. 
Pros: Extensive veggie and vegan options... that actually taste good. The veggie wings are the best I have ever had (they also come with brussel sprouts, making it more like a meal). My spouse enjoyed the meat cheese steak and chicken wings. You can sit inside or out, both of which are comfortable and spacious. Happy hour options are spot on with app and drink specials. Service has been friendly and quick.
Cons: None really. I was bummed when I showed up during the transition hour when the kitchen was closed (not posted on google). Also, the second time I got the veggie wings they were not warm and the brussel sprouts were not full pieces (instead the crunchy single pieces). Still good though. They probably would have remedied this if I requested.I want to love this place but I'm stuck in the middle. I've gone to Cedar Point 3 times (once for just drinks) and ordered different items each time. I love the atmosphere and The fact that there's a few vegan options on the menu. The first time I went, I ordered the Green Hash and subbed plantain cakes for eggs and got veggie sausage. I didn't know what to expect with the plantain cakes, but they were basically like dry banana pancakes. I wish I would have known that's what they were because I would have just asked for a side of potatoes.  The hash and plantain cakes just didn't seem like a good combo to me. We also tried the veggie wings with buffalo sauce. If you're vegan, specify without the butter in the sauce. They were just okay. I wasnt impressed after some hype about them on other reviews I've read. Service was friendly though and prompt despite being busy for a Sunday afternoon brunch time. 
The second time we went with a group of 4 and sat at the bar. I ordered the kale burger and stressed the "vegan way". A few items can be made vegan or vegetarian if specified. I also ordered a side of potatoes. Food took a while, but that was fine because we were all about the drinks.  Once my food came, the server noticed a tattoo of mine which says vegan on my arm and said "Oh, let me take this sauce away that comes with the potatoes, it's not vegan." I didn't care much about that. But then when we realized the kale burger was mine,  he told me that they put my burger on the wrong type of bun and that I had to wait for a new one becaise there's butter all over the roll. I was honestly too hungover to really care that much, but I did get annoyed once the server then said to me that I must habe not specified "vegan" when ordering with the bartender, which I did. Waited a few minutes for the bun while the rest of my group ate. The bartender was apologetic once he noticed the mix up. Kale burger was a little bland but it did come with this awsome vegan aioli. I feel like maybe it would be better if all vegan items were just seperate and their own item rather than a vegan/non vegan option. It would just be easier for people ordering and for The waiters.   The rest of my group enjoyed their food. Bartender was pretty stressed out, which he made it known,  but his drinks were great. 
I feel like I might just stick to drinks next time.Usually love this corner bar.. there's is usually great service. Tonight I was disappointed because my wings app came out after my entree. I'm not one to complain but they charged us full price for the wings and didn't even comp us one drink for our patience and understanding... not the best customer service after they messed up... I'll remember that when choosing to eat local...I've been here on multiple occasions and have always left somewhat disappointed. The place has an odd smell in the back, and the food is mediocre. The only thing going for this place is that it's cute. Waffles? Soggy. Fries? Soggy. Burger? Underwhelming. They mix bbq sauce with syrup and call it a special syrup on their waffles.... But it's just gross.Great place if you are looking for happy hour specials! I came here on a Thursday night and they had some really good deals. As a table, we ordered fried pickles, ranch pretzel knots, and buffalo wings. Everything was so good. The fried pickles came with a honey mustard and aioli sauce for dipping. The ranch garlic knots were life-changing, seriously, I could have eaten all four. They were seasoned perfectly and the ranch sauce was a nice touch. The buffalo wings were also very delicious. I feel like you can never go wrong with wings, but they came with baby brussel sprouts on time and I thought that was a great topping choice. Needless to say, everything was devoured in minutes. 
My drink choice that night was something they had on special. I ordered the watermelon mojito and it was really tasty. The only thing I would add is that I wish it had a little more of the watermelon flavor to it. Otherwise, I thought it was the perfect summer drink. Between the six of us, our bill was about $15 each. I didn't think that was bad for all the food and drinks we ordered.I love this place. It's in a cute little area in fishtown and the atmosphere of the bar/restaurant is great. The food is amazing as well. it has vegetarian/vegan options. My favorite thing to get is the ceasar salad with buffalo tossed cauliflower fritters. I hate cauliflower yet this salad is one of my favorites, and it is very filling. My boyfriend got the fried chicken and waffles and said it was really good. He loved the BBQ syrup they put on the corn muffin waffle. Would definitely recommend if you're in the area or are looking for a tasty meal!Horrible experience. I usually avoid leaving bad reviews even for some bad restaurants or bars, but wow, this was awful. Couldn't tell you anything about the food because after being told 15 minutes for a wait, and then 15 minutes, and the. 15 minutes... I absolutely understand how hard it is to estimate a wait. However, there were so many open tables that after an HOUR of waiting I decided to move the 2 tables it would take to seat us together. Bad mistake as I was yelled at for finally taking it upon myself to get seated. In short this was the absolute worst experience I have had.Probably one of the worst experiences I've had here. We were warned there was a 10 minute wait to place an order, so we expected maybe the kitchen was backed up. No sweat. But 30 minutes after being seated, we still hadn't ordered, so we asked. Our server, Kelly, took our order. Thought, hey, maybe they're caught up, we'll be good to go. But 45 minutes after ordering, cups empty with melted ice, we asked when the food may come out. The server (not Kelly) that approached us, rudely asked if we just wanted to cash out (they could've give an ETA in good, apparently). 
Really, Cedar Point? I get it, I work in food service as well. I understand. But the absolute bare minimum could have been polite customer service. Guess that was too much to ask. Seems like we're eating cereal tonight:(Had a great early dinner here this past Saturday. Originally, it was 4 of us and turned into 6 of us.  We ordered the wings with brussel sprouts for an app and then we had the Cubano and the Po Boy.  Both were great.  The service was excellent.  They consistently refilled our water (and we drank A LOT of water since we were running the half marathon the next day).  Great job! Would definitely recommend this place to others in Fishtown.Brunch here is extremely great. Their Bloody Mary is on point. To avoid the crowd though I usually come by for late night happy hour. Can't pass up their Brussel sprouts and veggie wings. Also their Mac and cheese is pretty great. Always a great draft list and the  servers are super friendly. Never disappointed.I've been here a handful of times and I've never been disappointed. The food is great, I especially love the veggie wings (which is something I never thought I'd say, being a traditional buffalo wings lover). The catfish po boy, fried pickles and brisket pinwheel are some other items on the menu that I really enjoyed. The beer selection is incredible as well. They always have some good micro brews on tap. The wait staff is very knowledgeable and helpful when it comes to describing what's on tap and helping pick out a beer. Overall, a great place to eat and/or grab a drink. I'll keep going back.As a city dweller, I have a handful of go-to restaurants that I can rely on for a Friday night when I want nothing more than to decompress from work with delicious food in my belly and a quick trip back home. Cedar Point is on that list. 
The first few times I went, it was a little so-so. But they are a new restaurant and still working out some kinks, and it was REALLY close to home, so I persisted. Then came the day I ordered the seitan veggie wings. I do not exaggerate when I say they blew my mind for a number of reasons. For one, I do not, I repeat DO NOT eat spicy food. Especially buffalo sauce. But some weird restaurant voodoo took hold of me one day and on a whim I ordered them. They burned the everloving hell out of my mouth, but by god were they delicious. They also come with perfectly cooked brussel sprouts that offer a quick and small reprieve from the spicy hot inferno bought on by the wings. 
Since the first time I had them, I've learned that you can ask for light sauce, or even get the sauce on the side, and it has only made the experience better. Since they make each batch of sauce in-house, sometimes it's spicier than others, and once a waiter was even kind enough to give me some milk when I couldn't take it anymore. 
Now that they have had some time to get their legs under them, the food, especially veggie entrees, are bangin. I am a huge fan of the "meatball" sub they've had on the specials list a few times, and the BBQ mushroom grilled cheese is very tasty. They always have good craft beers on tap, and I hardly ever have to wait too long for a table. 
This place is definitely worth a trip, especially if you're on the fence. The wait staff is friendly and willing to make your meal a good experience, and if you're a vegetarian you'll be in heaven with all the options!LOVE THIS PLACE!! It has become our neighborhood bar, whether for drinks or meeting friends for dinner, the space is great and they are always willing to accommodate us. The staff are amazingly friendly, and always at the ready with a smile or drink/food recommendation. Very knowledgeable! Our favorites are the corn dogs, burger, chicken & waffles and the eclectic desserts. Beer selection is always impressive, and the cocktail list offers some wonderful concoctions.Came here for dinner and drafts one night...food was great...drafts were fresh.  I had the chicken cutlet sandwich which was a nice size sandwich.  The melted fontina cheese, spicy pepper garlic aioli, sautéed mushrooms and caramelized onions, the ciabatta bread...pair it up with some hand cut fries and fried Brussel sprouts...i fell in love.  Fastforward...I find myself ordering take out twice for lunch.  My most recent sit down visit to this establishment was even better.  This time I tried the double blackened burger...yeah some fat ish.  Only two choices, pink or no pink...i like my burgers medium rare but the flavor compensated.  We also had some wings which were nicely fried and tossed in a buffalo sauce.  The bartender and food runners were accommodating and the atmosphere was warm and inviting.  I'll frequent this gem fo sho.Why did it take me so long to come here?!  Cedar Point is awesome for any number of reasons but these take the cake: Veggie wings, huge deck, great (and unusual) beer selection.  Veggie wings are the best I've had - served with an apricot dipping sauce and brussel sprouts.  So good.  The best.  
We ended up here on a Thursday night around 930 and were seated immediately, had great service, and tried some really unique beers.  I stole a bite of the chicken and cornbread waffles served with some spicy bbq sauce and it was phenomenal.  It was so good that I'd consider ditching my beloved veggie wings next time 
But wait, it gets better.  For people like me who don't make it out to dinner until late they offer a killer happy hour from 10-12 M-F.  Can't wait to go back here.The owner respectfully responded to my concerns immediately upon reading about my negative experience.  I was hoping I'd reach him or someone who could fix it!  He was very apologetic and understanding, and I am happy to give it another chance.  I won't completely write this place off!The food and cocktails are good, the service is really good, and the outdoor space is great. The last two times I came here, the music was so loud we had to shout to hear each other and ended up leaving. I'll probably avoid Cedar Point in colder months and only go there when I can comfortably sit outside.Told us 15 minutes for a table and we waited over an hour while three tables were open for our group. We put three open tables together for us to sit (was open for over half an hour). The manager then approached us and told us he would have done that but it was unprofessional and reprimanded us. We just left. Even the bar staff questioned his decision. Really bad service.This!!
This is what spots all over the country are trying to get right... but Ceder Point NAILS IT!!
First night back in town in a long time. My buddies brought me here and they WON!! The beer selection was just fantastic. The outdoor setting was wonderful. They sat us and served us, in a light drizzle, which shows both dedication and class. 
I had a bowl of wings with pan fried Brussels Sprouts and WTF, it changed my life.
I will be back, but you, you reading this, you will go there now and just give them your money. They will make you drunk, full of food, and very happy!!Great menu !! Awesome service even though I only eat at the bar ....try the cedar point lemonade !!!Service the worst ever...  I have never has sevvice so bad.... its started with hostes who was not very friendly. She showed us to our seat but gave us no menu. Wow.. then the waitress come over and says to us you just drinking tonight. We were like no. After we get menus she comes back and takes our order. we told her two time we wanted the califlower buffalo ceasars salad. She said yea yea..  like I got it... when our food comes its not the salad but some fritters. :(! I really enjoy my 1st time but the 2nd time not so much...  food was good but service was sooooo bad i just had to give them one star... And I am sure the waitress knew we were unhappy when she saw her tip.... the hostes didnt help..... i am usally a happy foodie...I just moved into Fishtown a month ago and came across cedar point while out on a run....  While looking for "happy hours" in the area a week later I stopped in and was wowed by the service food and drink. This Low key gem has a phenomenal, ever-changing draft (and daily specials) list with obscure (and high in alcohol %) selections that last as long as the keg does. Their foodie-friendly specials coupled with an eclectic everyday menu is sure to entice every taste bud. Surely now one of my favorite spots. Salute and Bon appetite!I absolutely LOVE the service the service I get at Cedar Point. The whole staff is super friendly, easy to chat with, and looking to bend over backwards to make your visit happy and boozy.I love the idea of Cedar Point and I think they designed the space really well. I am not a huge fan of the menu. If you're not into red meat, soy, or fried food than there's not much to eat! 
The beer menu on the other hand is delightful, I have had a few beers here I enjoyed.I've been here three times now and have to say that it is solid. I've had the BBQ pulled pork grilled cheese at brunch and that was awesome. I've also tried the mac and cheese and the fried pickles. So far though, the drinks and the prices have been the most impressive. Sitting on the deck drinking the Allagash Shandy is perfect. Their specials are usually worth the trip. The only negative I've encountered has been the spotty service. One trip it's good, the next it's seriously lacking.What a interesting place. From the outside, it looks like the average upscale restaurant (like one would see in center city)
Inside is another story. Reclaimed/pastel washed tables- intriguing art on the walls- light fixtures made with beer bottles- A feast for the eyes!
The new Fishtown, turned sideways a degree or two.
In any case there was no hit of art snobbery or hipster snark among the staffers on the Mother's day- just a group of upbeat hard working folks serving up tasty local coffee and even tastier brunch delights. Specifically, we were each really pleased by the Lemon/tarragon/ricotta pancakes.
Water glasses and coffee cups were never empty.
An aside- We were glad to see so many vegetarian otions on the menu!
Special shout/kudos to the hostess this morning (05/08) who so patiently helped a mom who happened to be in a walker. She so politely moved us while helping make sure a grand lady had a chance to make it to her table to be celebrated by her family.
We don't live in the area- but we'll be back. Count on it.The first time I went here I wasn't impressed. However, I tried it again for brunch and it was delicious. The meatloaf Benedict was amazing. Also, great beer list.Nice place great staff and good ownership who is willing to fix any problem. I recommend the Cobb salad very good and great beer n drink specials. And always a change of food specials.I've been to Cedar Point probably a half dozen times and I'm a fan. The food is tasty, unique and offers a lot of different choices. Fried green tomato po boy is probably one of my new favorite things, although it's just on the edge of too spicy for me. Bartenders are mostly friendly and offer good service, and the beer selection is pretty solid. Brunch was good too!Chicken breakfast wrap and craft beer. Very laid back compared to another brunch place that had 45-60 min wait at 1pm.Found this place to eat by yelping and finding something new. Let me start off with parking is not wonderful. Not the restaurants fault but still sucks. No issues getting seated. Very cute and quaint. Menu has all American pub favorites with vegan/vegetarian options. The food was  delicious I got the salad with chicken and that sweet raspberry ranch. But the reason for the two less stars was for the actual ambiance. It was odd and of putting. I also whitnesses my waiter get very angry after getting no tip from a table. Understandably sucky but didn't need to be publically shown. And towards the end they put an odd movie on that had some uncomfortable phrases, like the kind you hear and all the friends at the table look in awe. All around a decent joint but probably will not return.Love this place!  Let's start with the food is amazing!  Loved the vegan options. Everything was fresh.
Lots of beer on tap. And totally enjoyed the outdoor deck .
 The service was great. The waitress was very friendly. 
Definately will be back, esp as the weather gets nicer to enjoy the deck. 
Wish this place was in my neighborhoodGreat food and service but a little too dark for us. The mac n cheese is amazing!! Also, the sesame spinach and kale salad was phenomenal. All in all, if I was in the area I'd probably go back... I just wish they had better lighting.Oh cedar point, what can I say? This is by far my husbands favorite brunch spot in our neighborhood. We've been going here on a close to weekly basis since they opened and this place has really only gotten better & better. When they added the plantain cakes to the menu as a substitute for eggs in most dishes it was like a gift from the gods. Larry almost always gets the red beans & rice with vegan sausage & plantain (he's a creature of habit), while I tend to mix it up more but the vegan wings are for sure my favorite. The Bloody Mary here is our favorite among all of our local spots, in addition they offer a decent sized rotating draft list (which includes kombucha). Oh and the service is always beyond expectations, Lauren is usually our server & she provides a top notch experience every time.I have to say some of the best wings I've had in a long time. And they come with a side of Brussels sprouts! I mean, that's pretty dope! They are crispy on the outside but have juicy dense meat on the bone so you actually feel like you're eating meat vs just fatty sauce laden skin. Wowza! We had the buffalo and the bbq. Both get two thumbs up tho the buffalo gets the slight edge. Don't mess with the classic. Beer flights are always a good idea. This place gets my vote of "will return."I had brunch here last weekend and was really impressed. The space is decorated with interesting art, plants, and lighting; it's cool but totally unpretentious. There is also a deck outside that allows dogs!
My friend and I each started with a French 75. It's always nice to see some alternatives to the traditional mimosas and other brunch drinks. And you definitely can't go wrong with champagne, gin, and lemon!
I ordered the chicken and waffles, which ended up being a great choice. The chicken is slathered in an amazing combination of barbeque sauce and maple syrup. It's a fantastic combination of sweet, spicy, and tangy. Chicken and waffles is a usually a good choice anywhere, but that sauce and flavor combination took things to a whole new level at Cedar Point. I also liked that they use cornbread waffles, another interesting twist that added even more flavor. 
I plan to go back and hopefully enjoy the deck next time!If I could give it no stars I would. We went there with a party of ten. Let me start of as saying that I can completely sympathize with anyone in the service industry. It's not easy at all. We all ordered our food and were pretty excited as everything on the menu sounded like it was well thought out and would be prepared just as well.  They sent out one order of grits and two pancakes first for some reason. The pancakes weren't cooked all the way....Pancakes...We were later told that they are "vegan" and that's why the texture was the way it was. The grits. I am using that term very loose. They were dry and horrible. Then we waited. For a long time. Three tables on the deck sat after us, and ordered after us, and still had food delivered before us. I ordered the banana walnut French toast. It was just okay. I also ordered a side of bacon. It was literally one piece of bacon broken in half. Did I mention the wait. Yeah. Because the waitress didn't.  If the kitchen is clearly dropping the ball, tell the manager and make it up to your table. It was like the elephant in the room. Finally someone I assume was the manager (he never really explained who he was) said we are really sorry for the wait,  the kitchen is backed up or some excuse, I couldn't really hear him because he only addressed one half of the table. I will finish by saying that I will never return. You can draw your own conclusions but rolling the dice you might loose out too.  There are plenty of good places in the area that I have never had a bad experience at.When tired of center city Philly, why not head over to fishtown.  I'm all for places that are vegetarian friendly.  Those fried brussels with apricot horseradish sauce was yummo.  They were so crispy and chip-like.  I'm definitely  going to try to make it at home.  The veggie wing was seasoned with buffalo sauce.  It got a bit spicy as you eat more and a bit too crunchy, not much "meaty" pieces.  The cornbread waffle was awesome.  I'm gonna try this at home too!  They have a nice beer list.  I couldn't make up my mind so i opted for a flight and the serving size was heftier than other flights i've had.  Looking forward to checking out their lunch/dinner menu.Solid food. Wings are great--unique flavor. Burger was delish (bun was unevenly cut). Problem is the chairs on the deck--they just aren't sittable (extremely uncomfortable...who the heck designed these?). Also, in the restrooms--I need the option of a paper towel. Service is so-so...it's what you'd call "hipster service"--a bit on the "loose" side. All in all, solid place--3.5 stars.Came here with friends for dinner on NYE.  The food and beer selection were both very good, and the vibe is causal and fun.  I got the chicken cutlet sandwich, and finished my fiance's dish too.  My sandwich was delicious, and I finished it for breakfast.  Still tasty on day 2.I've been here several times since they first open, and Cedar Point has  a spotty record.  I've been impressed by the taplist on some visits, underwhelmed other times.  The service is likewise; sometimes great, other times...not so much.  The canned beer sometimes offers the best deal and selection (ie: Torpedo IPA and Six Point pounders for $5).
For food, the brunch offerings are solid, but small portions.  They're priced appropriately, but for me, I don't want to go out to brunch and need another meal in two hours.  I've heard other people rave about the burger, but when I visited mine was dry and overcooked.  Overall, the menu is pub fare on a health kick.  Definitely try the root chips. 
The outdoor space, and really the whole interior, are great, and I think this spot is a positive addition to the neighborhood.  I love late night happy hour and daily lunch. 
Bottom Line:  Hit or miss.  Cedar Point needs to pull a lot of details together in order to become a Fishtown staple.An update to my previous (2 star) review.
My second visit was nicer than the first, with lovely weather and a spot on the deck.
The food was a tiny bit better the second time around, with a vegan cheese plate and mac and cheese shared to favorable, if not raving, reviews.
The service and atmosphere have improved, and one owner contacted me about my initial experience, which I appreciate.
Overall, the food here is still just ok, and this will never be my favorite place to eat.
I recommend for drinks only.I really like the food here..especially the veggie-friendly options! Staff is always friendly and wait times aren't too bad. Happy hour specials are good too!stopped in, after waiting a week or so after they opened.  I will be back to update this.  The one great thing that must be said: this place is another option for vegans!  Im a total meat-a-tarian but my friends that are vegan are super happy to have another option in the area.  
The catfish po boy was too much bread, for my liking.  I ended up having a hoagie roll - not what I expected when I read "brioche".  The vegan flannel hash and smokey limas was great to share.  The beer was top notch and service good.  Sadly they didnt have the vegan cheese plate ready for my friend, so we'll have to come back soon.I was very hesitant about coming here when my sister suggested it when she was In town. I must say the veggie wings were amazing and my meal was amazing. Service is kinda slow, but food was great.I've been here many times and have only sat at the bar, so keep that in mind with my review.
Cedar Point has become one of my "go-to"s since they have opened. There is always an available seat (or three) at the bar whenever I've gone, which is anywhere from a Sunday afternoon, Saturday night, or a Wednesday at like 4:00. The beer list is always changing and is quite extensive. There has always been something I like or something I want to try. 
As for food- I have had the burger, (real) wings, mac and cheese, pulled pork mac and cheese, and their special burger with the chicken-fried bacon and jalapeno chutney. I would absolutely order everything again, though I love the wings. They are cooked perfectly, have a nice kick to them, and they come with brussel sprouts- a combination I would have never thought of, but they work together perfectly.
The bartenders are always super friendly and attentive and the food comes out quickly. I definitely recommend checking this place out if you haven't already.I love this place! The cocktails are made the way they should be, with proper ingredients and attention to detail. The beer list is always changing but never disappoints those of us that know what "good" beer is. The chicken and waffles are perfect and the sauce is such a pleasant combination of sweet and savory. I eat/drink here a lot and will continue to do soWe have been here 3 times and every time they have disappointed us.  Today we had brunch and the Creole eggs were a mess and the biscuits and gravy were awful.  There was a vegan sausage that tasted like a piece of hardened mud.   I mean Trader Joe's vegan meatballs have more moisture.  
The biscuits themselves were good. 
I am not really a snob about this stuff. The first time I had the Ruben. It was not toasted and the fries weren't great. The second time I had the seitan wings. Not good. I was expecting something like Belgian Cafe, but what I got felt like the gristle from the fried seitan covered in buffalo sauce. There are just too many great places in Fishtown to warrant mediocrity.This place was good, not great. The mac and cheese that bf and I split for an app, however, was great. So creamy and delicious. I got the chicken & waffle, which was covered in both bbq sauce and syrup. I could have done with just one of those options. However, it was still pretty good. The waffle got really soggy though. Bf got what I believe was a prime rib sandwich - may have been some other kind of beef - he liked it. His fries were really really good.Great brunch today (St Paddy's) for daughter's bday next week.  Lots of vegan and omnivore fare for hipsters and nonhipsters alike. Bar looked inviting but just coffees for us today.  Must be even nicer in warm weather on the patio!  We'll be back.  
Enjoy.Delicious food and great service! Incredible mac & cheese appetizer (get the pulled pork- it's a game changer) and the best chicken and waffles I've had in many moons. Highly recommend going in for awesome food and a great beer selection!This place is just getting better and better. Love the veggie wings and their beer list is definitely improving. Last week I have a Half Acre Vallejo, my FAVORITE IPA. Everything is well priced and the bartenders are very nice. Definitely coming back soon!It's been awhile since I've been somewhere different. We've found some local treasures and have pretty much kept to them lately. But when something opens a block from your home, with a connection to a place enjoyed previously, I'm game.
In a nutshell, this place should be a solid addition to the neighborhood vegetarians and vegans. For me, not so much.
The service was solid. No problem there.
The menu, though slightly sparse for carnivores, was a vegetarians dream. So we found one and brought her with us.
She ordered the kale burger, which she said was very good, but with a bit too much roll. It came with a choice of chips, fries, or salad. She got the salad, and enjoyed it.
The special of the evening was either a soft shelled crab sandwich, or a meatloaf sandwich. Another at the table got the meatloaf, which reminded me of a brick of meat. It was not the best possible shape to be put on two pieces of nice grained bread, but a little difficult to manipulate.  The meatloaf itself was fine.  Just fine, nothing more. It came with decent fries, mixed sweet potato and regular. The fried were deemed "ok".
The meat eaters shared a Johnnycake pinwheel, which was actually more like a cornmeal pancake/crepe with good brisket, sweet onion and pickled jalapenos. It was good, nice flavor, but not too much heat, even with the jalapeno.
Two of us ordered the storied fried chicken and waffle. A heavy cornmeal waffle had three thick chicken tenders on it, and it was drenched in a hot/sweet bbq sauce. I'm not sure what the actual coating on the chicken was, but it was a tad hard, and I really didn't care for the bbq sauce at all. Too hot for my tastes. I ended up taking half of the waffle and two of the chicken pieces home for others who enjoy that
For dessert, we ordered one piece of a carrot/sweet potatoe cake that was also not very good. Very, very dry. Maybe as a result of being refrigerated, but I really don't care for cold cake, even if it was moist.
So all in all, if I'm going out to eat, I'm not going back there. If I'm going out to have a couple drinks and enjoy the night air, this is a nice place to go.  The bar is fine, with a good selection of beers, and suitable selection of wines.
Four people, with lots of wine and lots of beers...tab came to $148.00Went for brunch and got the disco biscuits and gravy with vegan sausage. Pretty good, nothing over the top but one thing you should know is that it's HUGE portions! So def share any dish you get here for brunch.(I'd give 3.5 stars but it's not an option) I live nearby and have been to Cedar Point maybe 6 times now. If I didn't live so close I probably wouldn't really come back. Although they're creative and offer interesting seasonal options, they consistently under salt (meaning no salt used at all) their food. Fried chicken, no salt. Buttermilk biscuit, no salt. Even the fries didn't have enough salt. This always leads to me being disappointed. One thing I loved was the vegan wings. You'd never care that they're vegan. Super crunchy and satisfying. The biscuits have really gotten better since they first opened, the texture is wonderful, but the lack of salt kills them. Part of me thinks they're avoiding salt to make the food healthier. Their menu boasts lots of vegetarian, vegan, and turkey based options. Maybe they're also watching our sodium for us too? I get trying to offer healthier foods, but without salt the food tastes like nothing, and it's a shame to waste a fluffy, well made biscuit by leaving it out.Two star rating because the place was closed! on a Saturday!! evening!!! for a 'private party'!!!! ... So, obviously I've experienced a lot better. I can't imagine this is good for business if it is a common occurrence ... I checked the webpage about an hour before arriving there; if there was a notice re the closed event, I missed it. However, the walk to and from the car through the neighborhood was worth the trip: folks on the stoop with dogs were chatty, a couple of twenty-something lasses straight from Central Casting also chatted us up as if they found their long-lost grandpappies. The residential architecture evoked all sorts of imaginations as did the scaffolded St. Laurentius church; other local commercial spots seemed worthy of a return trip and a drop in. The ramp to the patio entrance served well for me with minor mobility issues. A wide variety of good places nearby allayed starvation and dehydration so the joint better keep on its toes and stay open when it advertises it is openHad lunch at this local Fishtown cool artsy place. Ordered the Sesame Kale Salad with grilled shrimp. It was not just any kale salad- it was AMAZING! Perfect blend of all fresh ingredients and just the right amount of dressing too. As well, the " MOSCOW MULE" Simply Delicious and perfectly made. I work in the restaurant industry in Sarasota Florida and was very impressed with everything but most of all, the service was outstanding!!!!!! Jessie was an excellent server/bartender. In-fact, everyone of the servers and bartenders were working as a team with the guest without being intrusive. I spent the last several days in the city dining out and this was the best service I've had since my time here so far. The people in Fishtown are different--AWESOME!!!. I appreciate that being a visitor while trying to move in the area. I highly recommend this place. Looking forward to going back soon!The food and atmosphere at CPBK are great! I am a big fan of the wings served with Brussel sprouts and the kale burger rocks. The outdoor seating is great and the bar is beautiful with creative and delicious cocktails and friendly staff.I've been going to Cedar point since they opened a few years ago and in the beginning felt a disconnect between the descriptions on the menu to what actually appeared on the plate. But I went there with my wife and a few friends last night, and was pleasantly surprised. I feel like the food has stepped up a notch. We tried the beet raviolis, they were fantastic, the crab cakes were delicious and the kale burger was ok. Enjoyed sitting on the deck and enjoying the beautiful weather. Our waitress was very friendly and did a great job.Just had an inexcusable experience here. There were two open tables in the restaurant when my husband and I arrived. There was a two-top near the bathrooms and a four-top in the front of the restaurant. My husband and I sat at the table near the restrooms previously and had a dinner punctuated with all the sounds and smells of two individual bar bathrooms at happy hour. So today, we asked to sit at the four-top at the front. After a conversation about why we wanted to sit there with one of the hosts, the table was cleaned and we were finally sat there. A few minutes later, a four-top came in and waiter actually came over and told us we would have to move. I have honestly never been in a restaurant with such a low quality of service. To ask a seated party to leave a table at which it was already for a larger party is ridiculous.   It was clear they didn't want our business, so we left. And we won't be back even though we live 3 blocks away. The food is hit-or-miss anyway.The succotash crostini was amazing!  Do yourself a favor and eat that. Plus the beer selection is also great.My neighborhood "go to" place. Great food and relaxing atmosphere. Love the outside deck part and the service is great. Would love more veggie options though.This place is great. Good food, beer selection, ambiance and staff. Would have given them 5 stars but they changed something to there chicken wing recipe and it is no longer my go to staple.Good Vegan options, and the wings tossed in bbq sauce are so so good.  I'm happiest here at late night happy hour and brunch time.  I've really come around on Cedar Point in the past two years.The food was just so-so.  The beer selection is good but not any better than any of the other neighborhood bars.  I was really looking forward to this place opening but nothing here impressed me.  I ordered a glass of beer from the featured firkin and it was terrible.  I told the bartender (very nicely) that I didn't like it and wanted to order something else.  He quipped back that he could have told me it was terrible before I ordered it and that I should have tasted it.  Well why didn't you suggest I taste it before buying??  And why the smart ass comment?  Dick.
I'll continue to hang across the street at Loco Pez where the bartenders are awesome and the food is good and I'll get my craft beers elsewhere.What happened here? Was so impressed when I went in August, but just went again and was so unimpressed. We got the Caesar salad, Cubano sandwich, and pumpkin gnocchi. First of all, the salad was the only thing that was a decent portion. The sandwich and gnocchi were so pathetic looking! Seriously for $12 sandwiches and $15 gnocchi I expect bigger portions. They must have gotten cheaper. Really disappointed and this ends my business here. Feel totally ripped off for the kid-sized portions and hefty price tags. Also can't believe they took the pulled pork sandwich off the menu and replaced with the Cubano. The Cubano had almost no meat on it!!! The sandwich was flat and seriously unacceptableBrussels sprouts, veggie wings, chicken and waffles!!! - all day, every day.
At this point, I think I've had everything on their dinner menu and can honestly say I've enjoyed it all! Unique concoctions that are a bit "hipster", like edgier versions of your favorite comfort foods. It's easily our top neighborhood place for a weeknight meal.I've been anxiously awaiting the opening of Cedar Point for some time now.  They were supposed to open today, but had an impromptu soft opening over the weekend, so some friends and I jumped on the chance to try it out and boy am I excited to welcome them to the neighborhood.  The menu is extensive, and so amazingly vegetarian and vegan friendly. Woo-hoo! I tried the mac and cheese (yum), smashed root vegetable (not for me, a little too sweet and some pieces were too underdone, but my husband really liked it), the veggie wings, which are really just pieces of seitan deep fried and with a delicious spicy wing sauce and then topped with fried brussels sprouts- hello! and the cheeseball salad.  Everything was pretty good, I wasn't into the sweet vinegar salad dressing served with the wings, needs ranch or blue cheese or something creamy, the brussels are genius though. The beer selection was a little bit of a bummer for me (draft) because there were no dark beers except for Guiness. I ordered a cocktail, then saw the bottle selection, lots of sours, yay! Service was great, and it was opening day, so that's a big indicator that they were trained well. I'm so excited to go back and try the rest of the menu, fried green tomato po' boy- oh man!!!  I'm also dreaming of hanging out on that deck come spring and summer.OMGosh! Ok, they have a late night happy hour which is soooo cool but I need to mention the food. I have been to this establishment several times and had so many good things.  The fried pickles are my fave but the tuna melt and beet ravioli was also delish. The service staff is always great and quirky which makes it a fun night or brunch out every time :) I haven't gotten the chance to sit outside on that beautiful deck but I am looking forward to it this summer.Awesome place!  Walked by this vacant restaurant for a long time, always looked like an awesome deck. So happy this place has finally become a great place to eat outside and have a nice drink on a warm summer night!Went there today with my boyfriend for Sunday brunch. I got the chicken and waffles. It was a little spicier then most chicken and waffle dishes but still very good! The service was good, and there was no wait. ( Hard to find on a Sunday at 1:00pm)Me and my girlfriends visit here was amazing! Our server (Sarah) made us feel very welcomed and had some very nice recommendations being as though it was monday and we hold ourselves to Meatless Monday's in order to ease into the vegetarian life. We had the pretzel knots with the very tasty blueberry basil mustard and the veggie wings with the brussels sprouts and apricot cream sauce! Our meal was the vegetarian lasagna. We'll be visiting againFriendly staff. Accommodating and a cool environment. I got the vegan wings and they were almost impossible to eat. One person in my party returned his because he couldn't even chew them. I'm not sure why they were so hard/crunchy. Apparently they aren't always like that. I would be willing to give them another shot because I think they were just having an off night.Great decor,  great beer list, lots of veggie/vegan options. We thought the vegan wings over brussel sprouts were tasty and inventive, also meant to be eaten with a fork, so less messy. We also had the BEST beer ever, some kind of sour cherry ale. Truly unique. Fries, outstanding. I had open-faced tuna, which was balanced and well-seasoned. We went mid-week, mid-day so I can't complain about the service like some folks did, but maybe give this place some time to come into its own. It's got "potential" written all over it. If they're are kinks, I have a feeling, they'll work them out.Having been here a number of times, I can comfortably say that the place easily deserves four stars.  I've been seated at tables and at the bar, as a couple and with a larger group, and have always been pleased with the service and the staff.  The food is equally good and I recommend the pulled portabella sandwich (this is the first place that has made the vegetarian food flavorful enough for me to choose it over options).   Highly recommend.i want to like cedar point.  it's a new bar just blocks from my house in a neighborhood clamoring for newness, has comfortable outdoor deck seating, what seems to be a decent menu and best of all... an uncanny friday night happy hour.
but then there's the food which just falls completely flat.
also, some very odd aesthetic choices inside regarding the wall colors... ??
*fried green tomato po boy - super thick (because they were breaded - wtf?) slices of green tomato on a gigantic bulky roll with not much else on it.
*reuben - untoasted bread (derp) with reasonably dry turkey and not quite enough cheese/slaw/mustard.
bbq grilled cheese - sounds like the best and worst idea at the same time.  there's way too much happening here to have it be good.  complete overkill.
fried pickles - too small an order.
fries - good.  crisp yet still soft at center with a nice mix of white and sweet potatoes.
pan-sizzled greens - just ok.  pretty hard to get wrong.
i gave them 2 tries and i'm sure i'll give them at least one or two more later on in the summer when i'm ready to hit up that sweet sweet deck.  i wish i could leave an extra half-star because of said deck and happy hour!  oh well.Went there last night with a couple buls for the late night happy hour, half off wings and half of draft (perfect combo in my book)I'm going to say this had been the best wings I had for awhile hands down.. Got hot wings, they come with roasted Brussels sprouts... Also ordered mac and cheese, probably the best Mac and cheese again I had in a long time sooo food this place is a 5 outta 5 
Our server was super on point seemed like every time I sipped my water here comes a refill it was immaculate 5 out of 5 service 
Atmosphere is were the 4 stars come into play soo the scene isn't to much my scene I like to see a mixed crowd of people, felt alittle bit awkward, not from the service but by the people around.....
I'll be going back again the food and drinks were to good to be true !!!What a lovely little place.  Maybe it was the holiday season or the christmas lights but I loved the ambiance of this place.  Makes you feel like you traveled to a little cabin tucked away up in Connecticut or Maine.  
And just as I was impressed with the ambiance, i was impressed with the food.  I'm not a vegan but their Kale burger is delicious.  It has a solid texture and a good balance of Kale and beans to make for a savory burger. 
Other favorite items include the Reuben, and veggie empanadas,  If you're with a larger party you only get two empanadas so better order more than 1.  :(
Veggie wings seem to be a favorite amongst a lot of ppl, but I didn't really enjoy it.  It felt to greasy for my tastes buds.  But the brussel sprouts are amazing!!After two dinners and one late night happy hour, I feel qualified to pass public judgment, errr...write a review of this place. I'm still sad to do it, because I was hoping to be able to rate higher.
The first time I visited was just about one month after Cedar Point opened. It was a Saturday evening around 6pm. My friend and I had to hunt down the one guy carrying a clipboard (he was quite fast and evasive), and almost pin him against the wall in order to put our name on the list for a table. Once that was done, we grabbed a couple of drinks from the bar and hung out awkwardly in the only place we could find to stand...for about an hour. It seemed like there was one waiter for the entire, massively packed place. We finally were seated right in the middle area, where it was deafening. We ordered a couple more drinks, then seeing how slowly they were coming out, a couple of appetizers each, assuming that everything would take a while and we might as well nibble as we tried to catch up over the din. Seriously, what is up with the acoustics in this place? It's like a concert hall for hipster screeching. The food was also atrocious (veggie wings were more like a chewy soup... cold, hard tofu dip?, awful and tough oily chips, ouch). The lonesome server was nice but overwhelmed. I regretted the whole thing.
The second visit, about 3 weeks later: I came here with two other girls for a weekday dinner around 7pm. We waited about 20 minutes and were seated outside on the lovely deck (which lacks good lighting or heat lamps - it got chilly pretty quickly). It appeared that they had doubled the wait staff for the restaurant, but we were still promptly forgotten after being seated. About 30-45min after ordering, we got our meals: my friends enjoyed their BBQ grilled cheeses, and my sandwich was just okay. We would have liked to, but weren't able to get another round of drinks before finishing our meal, thanks to the absentee server of the year.
Third visit: 10pm on a weeknight. A nice surprise, late night happy hour! For once, the place wasn't packed. The bartender was super friendly and relatively attentive. The draft list was fabulous. Our sweet potato fries hit the spot. My friend and I thoroughly enjoyed this visit. 
With service and food so downright disappointing and unpredictable. I'll be tucking this spot into my file of local late night happy hours, and absolutely nowhere else, for the moment.I am again super disappointed. Med rare burger was well done and inedible. Sat with a burger over cooked and pushed aside until I was literally finished...and bartender never asked me if everything was ok. Or even check back until I pushed my plate away. I also needed salt and pepper for my salad but am not a puss to yell across the bar at 5 employees not even acting like they want to be bothered with a customer so I never got it. They were also out if Jameson. Uh. I just wanted dinner and I thought hey ...I'll try it again. It also smells like funeral lilies in here. Not appetizing...and kinda gave me a headache. I have a full cider and a sip of Tully and I want my check. I also saw the bartender make a drink and straight up takea big swig of it to taste it from a straw in the glass. Gross. The bartenders don't engage. It smells. I can't. No...never again. I'm gonna tell you. I have never left a full drink but as soon as I can get my bill to settle up Im out. My over cooked burger...that I didn't eat was $17.00. Just. Don't. I tipped exactly 20%. I am still hungry. Grrr.Great experience overall! Our server on Friday night was awesome! I wish I knew his name because he was really terrific! The food was very good and I really enjoyed the atmosphere! Ooh bread pudding! Yummy!Nice place for drinks on the patio but food is hit or miss. I love Kale but unfortunately the Kale burger that was recommended by the server was more than disappointing.Had a solid late night meal-- ordered the Cobb salad and Mac n Cheese. 5 stars for the Mac n Cheese! It was a huge portion (good for 2 to share) and perfect gooey goodness! The salad was pretty good as well.This place is sooo amazing! The interior is funky and steam punk. I've tried most of their menu and everything...EVERYTHING is delicious. They have a vegan and vegetarian selection, as well as solid meat choices. The vegan wings are really good. The staff is also super friendly! Prices are fair for the large portions.What I love here are the small plates. Lots of vegan options, quick service and delicious food. If you aren't careful you can rack up quite a bill in no time, but the servings are healthy and ... topping seitan wings with brussel sprouts... GENIUS!
This is a must attend for phila phoodies.Easy atmosphere, casual but professional hostess and servers, great innovative food, tasty beverages.  I had a Moscow Mule, my daughter the Dark & Stormy, both well-made and very drinkable. 
I ordered a bowl of the Coconut Kale Curry soup with a side of house made corn chips (because they don't have gluten-free bread YET). Quoting myself, I said "I could come here every day and eat this soup." Yes, it's that delicious. 
My daughter had the Caesar Salad with Buffalo Cauliflower nuggets. She loved it but the Cauliflower was too spicy for me. 
Great service, great meal, great drinks = Awesomeness!Cedar Point sits right on a intersection. It's a great place to just watch the cars roll by. The servers are friendly and helpful. The scene is very casual. We sat on the deck, the inside is very cool and dark. I nice place to escape the heat. The food was good. I enjoyed the cheesesteak omelet. It came with home fries and toast.the omelet was peppery and the onions Caramelized to perfection.Good beer list and loved the negroni keg. Food was ok-corn dog was mushy, beet ravioli was too thick, brisket pinwheel had undercooked dough. Service was not great, but because they were understaffed, not because of staff. Busboy was a real hard worker, waiter was too, having to wash glasses at bar. What?I've lived in Fishtown for 2 years-This is one of my Regular places to go.
I'm a vegetarian, and they have a very inventive and varied selection. The staff are all cool and unpretentious. There are usually locals at the bar- a cool mix of patrons.
The prices for the serving sizes are a great deal-
I haven't had a bad meal yet- and the happy hour is great- 1/ price wingsWhen it first opened, my gf and I went there one day solely because Loco Pez wasn't open yet. It was nice out, so we sat outside. I believe it was Columbus Day. It was not busy, but the waiter say us at a dirty table. Not filthy, but there were other tables. No big deal. When he came by to spray the table, as we sat there, he sprayed in my beer and threw the planks of the table onto her leg. It was a sample of beer and she didn't melt, so still not the end of the world. His service went down from there. Brought me the wrong beer. They were out of the first 3 I ordered, but I specifically asked for anything from a specific Brewer other than the IPA. He brought me the IPA. It's a beer, I'll still drink it. He continued to be lazy and disinterested in service. We left as soon as Loco Pez opened for the day. In 3 trips back over 2 years I continued to be under impressed.I definitely want to come back to Cedar Point to give it another try. We were hoping to eat here when we stopped by yesterday, but it didn't work out. We originally wanted to come by for brunch but got here a little late (about 3:15), so we figured we would get a table and have lunch. 
We waited about 30 min, hanging out at the bar, which was fine, as the drinks here are great (more on this later). When we finally seated, the waitress gave us a small bar menu with only a handful of items. We asked for the lunch menu, and she said that on the weekends, they don't offer a full menu in the time between when brunch ends and when dinner service begins. Uh...ok. It turns out that no one was crazy about the options on the bar menu, so we decided to leave and go to Loco Pez instead. 
In terms of drinks, I had a fantastic beer called the Cuvee de Jacobins (I have a policy of ordering anything related to the French Revolution). I had never seen this beer elsewhere, so was excited to try it. Their drink menu was also awesome. I can't wait to try the drink with cucumber-infused Bluecoat Gin and habanero tinctures. It sounded amazing. 
So just beware about the weird interstitial space between brunch and dinner if you come here on the weekend. Other than that, it seems like a great place. I will come back at a better time and report back afterward.I decided to check this out on my quest to try all of the restaurants in my neighborhood.  I would say that nothing was outstanding, but everything was solid.  I had the catfish po boy, which was crispy with great flavors.  The portion was huge and I ended up enjoying the leftovers the next day.  It's in a convenient location to me, so I'll probably go back for a casual dinner with friends.I came here yesterday when Pez Loco turned me away.  There were only a few things on the menu that were GF; I got a cobb salad and an andouille corn dog. The cobb salad was good.  It's hard to compare cobb salads, I guess; I don't think I've ever had either a bad one or an outstanding one.  The andouille corn dog was a fun idea, and I'm glad I tried it.  The batter had a tendency to fall off, and the sausage was quite spicy.  It came with mustard, which I thought would be a bad combination, but I was mistaken.
I also got a Sazerac.
Total cost, including Sazerac, was $27.Fried egg blt is the best ! Cheap good beers! Never a wait when I go and friendly serviceI lived around here my whole life. And I seen places come and go, but this place is thriving. I couldnt stay long. But I seen some old friends and new faces.The food was on point I suggest chicken and waffles! Beer selection was great and enjoyed the late night happy hour. Was disappointed that they closed their deck very early on such a beautiful night. Our server was snotty and just threw the drink menu at my guest when he asked nicely to leave it. Overall cool vibe and I don't mind chillen out there.Came here in a group of 7 and the food took forever to come out...and then they mixed up food and forgot all together to replace it. All in all not a good exerienceI went to Cedar Point during a strange period of my life where I tried being gluten free.  I couldn't drink any of the delicious sounding beers which was disappointing.  The menu did have a few things that were clearly gluten free and I thought I was making good choices by pairing a warm brussels sprout salad and the beet ravioli.  
The beet ravioli in theory is amazing- there is no real pasta in the dish and the 'pasta' is flattened pieces of beets filled with goat cheese.  My veggies dishes all looked delicious when they arrived...
But then I started eating and what ensued was half an hour of vinegar overload.  I hate wasting food that I'm paying restaurant prices for so ate everything I ordered but my mouth was straight up watering and my eyes were tearing from the amount of vinegar in these dishes.  The beets were so so tart from vinegar and the greens that came on the side of the plate were wayyy overdressed.  I couldn't taste the goat cheese inside of the ravioli at all.  And then the brussels sprout salad also had a vinaigrette on it too....let's just say it became unpleasant.  I had to eat slowly just to let my mouth recover between bites.
Hopefully I just got an overdressed dish because the beet ravioli are such a good idea and I would love to be able to try them again.  They have a lot of vegetarian and vegan options as well which is a plus.  Hopefully next time is better!Very nice beer selection, but the food always tends to leave me less than impressed - the wings are nothing to write home about.Menu was good, food wS great, not a fan of the classes they serve their wine in, they are like small glass cups and it just seems weird. I like there hours of service.We were from out of town and we found this great little place. The fried green tomato po boy was the best I ever had. Definitely a fresh, yummy, southern food place.The shepard's pie was good and reheated nicely. I'm not really a beer guy so I'm way outside this place's target audience.My boyfriend and I were visiting from DC and had been house hunting all day. We ended up in Fishtown; hangry and exhausted. After walking around for what seemed like forever trying to find something affordable, delicious, AND with vegetarian options, we luckily came upon Cedar Point. The bartender/ server was so incredibly nice (I forget her name but she had brown hair) and answered our questions about the neighborhood. I ordered the kale bean burger and my boyfriend ordered the vegan cheese steak. The beer list was legit too. We couldn't have loved it more. SO filling and good. Thanks for saving the day!Another solid trip to Cedar Point. The wings with roasted Brussels sprouts were great. Cocktails were also very good.Came here because the Mexican spot in the other corner was packed. Why no signage outside?  Is it supposed to be secret? Anyway we sat outside, got some drinks and took in the menu. The corn dog sounded good, but it was tiny and wasn't corn dogged fully because it wasn't fully enclosed. I thought it would be great but I didn't even finish it because I didn't like it. Got the kale burger in hopes of redemption and that was alright for a hulk green patty. Though the waiter forgot about us for a while, he was super friendly and profusely apologized and comped some drinks.I love this place, the only reason I won't give it a 5 star review is because it's expensive for the quality of food (sometimes) & there's also a newer server who forgets about his tables (I've had him multiple times and this reason is really the only reason I'm writing the review). I love coming here but I'm always reluctant because I tend to get this waiter.Awesome beer selection. Loved the vegan wings and my veggie burger based on kale and white beans. The (vegan)  spinach dip was great too and my husband enjoyed his vegetarian reuben.  Yeah yeah it has the NoLibs hipster vibe but just a little bit - i.e. feels current and progressive but not stiflingly so cause its very friendly. Definitely planning on going back again soon.Our favorite spot in Fishtown, killer drinks, amazing food, and great vibes. Every bartender is great, our favorite being Kyle. The happy hour is great and the wings are fantastic. You can't go wrong with a whiskey sour or a Manhattan and there is no wrong choice when it comes to brunch.I've been waiting for Cedar Point to open for awhile. I was a frequent visitor to A Full Plate in Northern Liberties (For Brunch) and was really bummed when they closed their doors before opening the new ones. I've really missed it for it's amazing vegetation/vegan options and their mason jars for beverages (bummed these weren't brought back)
I went here with a couple people for Cedar Points FIRST brunch this past Saturday, we were the first people to arrive at 10am. Service was great, everyone was very friendly and attentive the problems were where the food was concerned. I know this restaurant is new but I had higher expectations since they closed Full Plate to open this location.  Our food took a really long time to come out  (maybe almost an hour)- which was okay because I had great company coffee (they comped) and conversation, but there really weren't many people in there for the first half hour of our arrival, maybe 3 other tables.  They ended up bringing us a complimentary biscuit which was nice and delicious.  
When our food did finally come out it was sub par.  My food (the green hash) was luke warm.  The Hash was more like a warm salad (barely cooked)  though I'm not sure if this is how it was supposed to be but it was pretty much raw slightly charred mixed greens.  My girlfriend got biscuits and gravy which arrived cold, cold gravy isn't the most delicious thing.  My other friend had an omelette and she said that it was overcooked to the point where the eggs were rubbery.  We didn't end up sending it back because it took so so long to get and we were starving.
Though the food was a bummer I'm not writing off Cedar Point yet, I will likely return for what looks to be an amazing happy hour and let them try and work out the kinks.   Crossing my fingers because it's nice to have a place in the area that opens for brunch before 11, one of the reasons I liked a full plate was because they opened so early.First impression: Nothing new, Steven Star knock-off interior.
Staff was slow to greet us.
Drink menu was solid, especially for craft beer enthusiasts, only issue was that they were out of my top 2 choices.
Bar tender was slow to the point I though it was their first night. They forgot to take money for drinks and had to flag them down.  
Tables were turned around in a respectable amount of time.
Once we got to our table, almost finished an entire drink before server even made contact. Slow slow.
Not overly impressed with the menu, but a vegetarian or vegan might be. 
I got the Reubens. I have never had a bad Reuben before, but this was an abomination unworthy of the name. Cold turkey, cheap sauerkraut, and generic Russian on paper-thin white rye. The fries had potential (potato and yam) except that they were soggy and, IMO, way under salted. The meal itself was unsatisfactory to the point that if it were not for the fact that I had just dropped 10 bucks for it, I would have left it on the plate. 
Tipped the server a little over 20% because he was clearly hustling. (He had broken a sweat when he brought our check.)
Overall, it seemed pretty disorganized and like they were charging for quality that isn't there. I'm going to give them a few months to get their act together  and iron out the wrinkles before visiting again. .We stopped here for lunch after traffic prevented us from getting to our original destination. I guess it was predestined. This place is great. The food is slanted toward the healthy side but don't let that stop you. This place was well worth the stop and we will be coming back.Best veggie wings ever. I LOVE this place and the Brussel sprouts are to die for. Cute atmosphere. This is the spot if you're vegan or vegetarian! And bring your meat eating friends along. They will love it too!!So when I heard from a friend that the owners of a Full Plate opened this spot, I had high expectations.  A Full Plate was awesome, so I figured this would be a repeat.  
Let me start off by saying that it was Sunday brunch and when we walked in it was busy.  We had to wait about 5 minutes to sit down.  Our waiter was very nice, but like all the staff there they seemed to be overwhelmed.  
They have a good brunch menu that is VERY veggie friendly, which is great!  I ordered the Tofu scramble with spicy peanut sauce..  The description says it comes with a side order of potatoes and theres veggies mixed in the tofu.  My friend got the granola and mac and cheese.  
They have a great beer selection in both tap, bottles, and cans.  They also have some cool cocktails, and wine if you're not a beer geek.  I tried both a beer and a cocktail.  The server suggested a drink and I thought was really good.  
Then...we sat, and sat, and SAT.  I included earlier in the review that the place was busy to be fair.  However, it was not busy enough to wait even close to as long as we had to.  Our server said "sorry we're busy the kitchen is backed up."  He seemed kind of humiliated that it was taking that long.  At first I was like ok, sure no problem.  We continued talking and noticed that the place was clearing out a bit so I thought the food would be out any minute.  The wait was the longest wait I've waited for food anywhere.  
Finally I flagged down my waiter and asked him where our food was.  He said that he was going to check on it, just as a food runner came out.  By this time we were kinda bummed because you never had to wait at a Full Plate and the excitement of this new place wore off after sitting for so long.  Then came the food.  Tofu scramble is basically chopped up tofu with small pieces of broccoli (no other veggies) and a SLIGHT hint of peanut sauce (nothing spicy about it.)  The portion of potatoes just looked plain stingy on the plate.  My friends mac and cheese was good, but nothing you can't find somewhere else in the city.  
Basically, this place was a huge let down.  I was such a fan of a Full Plate, I don't know what happened here.  I write this review in hopes that they get everything taken care of because the spot has potential and as I said is clearly creating buzz because it was so busy.  However, our experience was not good.  Loco Pez across the street will continue to be my spot.greasy, but oh so good. I had the fried pickles [YUM] and a BLT sandwich that had a lot more of a bite then I thought it would. Delicious, but spicy.. couldn't stop eating it! yummy 
cheap beer too !After my third great meal at Cedar Point, I decided it was time to let others know how awesome this place is. Had brunch a few weeks back, the Meat Loaf Eggs Benedict was delicious. Made my last two visits at dinner time. The grilled cheese pulled pork sandwich is definitely my favorite, the slaw is perfectly crisp and sweet next to the spice of the meat. I could eat it everyday. This past weekend I tried a couple of the daily specials, a filet tip sandwich and crab claw cocktail. The cocktail sauce for the crab claws was so good I considered asking for a shot of vodka to make a drink out of the leftover sauce. And the filet tip sandwich that could have just been ordinary was literally ramped up, topped w sautéed ramps and blue cheese. Delicious. Both sandwiches came w fries, which I loved from Full Plate and still love here. 
And Amy makes a great Margarita, for us non-beer drinkers.
Can't wait until my next visit, I'm going to try something on the veg side of menu...vegetarian chicken croquettes. Sounds interesting.Remeber that time you got everything you've ever wanted in a sandwich? If the answer is yes, that means you've already eaten at Cedar Point. If the answer is no, then haul your ass down to Fishtown and get yourself the GRILLED CHEESE WITH PULLED PORK ON IT!!!!!!! Service was great, drinks were great, everything was great. But seriously... that sandwich though!hit or miss? the misses aren't horrible wrecks, just nothing to want again.
I had a great burger with chicken fried bacon which was a tad salty even for bacon.
PoBoy softie was a little baby crab on a huge roll. more like a bread sandwich but tasted ok nonetheless.
turkey rueben was eh.
the side of brussels were good.
I was charged extra for a flight of beer and nowhere does it say that was going to happen.
staff is friendly.
I'll try it again due to convenience and the depth of the menu, but hoping for more out of the placeGood food-had a weird shrimp and crab succotash and it was amazing. My bf enjoyed the vegetarian fried green tomato BLT with tempeh. Definitely need to go back soon.Maybe the best roasted brussel sprouts I have every had. This place is very chill and relaxed. Great beer selection and the service was good. I would recommend the wings, the chicken and waffles, and the fried green tomatoe po boy!3.5 star
I stopped over Cedar one evening when Loco Pez had a wait and I was hungry. I ordered the wing with fried brussels sprouts and had been back just for them. 
I also ordered a burger which was good. The beer selection was great. The service was just ok and pricing was pretty fair. I will continue to visit for the wings.A good place for brunch? Fff... HECK YEAH!
This is a super hipster vibe, but hey! it's what I like. The lighting is very dim but the atmosphere is upbeat with a welcoming feel. 
When I looked at the menu my eyes were clearly bigger than my stomach when I ordered the Disco Biscuits breakfast PLUS tempeh bacon. The Disco Biscuit breakfast meal was filling! So filling I could only eat half of it - added a little salt and it was delicious. I wouldn't suggest ordering the tempeh bacon, I was hoping for more but it just didn't hit the spot. As a vegetarian, I have had better tempeh bacon. 
Friends of mine had chicken and waffles and raved about how awesome it was for breakfast. The boyfriend ordered the special of that day, which was french toast and it was BANNGGIIINNNN! 
Great food, atmosphere, service is good, and there's a bar for breakfast. Who could ask for more?Food and Service are always on point, whether it's lunch, dinner, or brunch.   The beer list is well thought out with a great mix of styles.  There are a good amount of vegetarian options too, so it's great for groups.Have only been here 4 times, beer selection great and house wine good. The Bloodmary I had this past Sunday which was made with  house vodka very good.
Enjoyed my brunch much more this visit then I did for the last 3 lunchs I have had here which I thought were average, order the Brussels Sprout Salad and got a bowel of sauted  Brussels Sprouts(not what I call a salad), plus core was still in brussels sprout.  
Well return for brunch again and will try the dinner menu one of these days.This is usually a pretty laid back place that I love taking friends to if we need some time to eat and catch up.  Their outdoor deck area is really nice even though it's a little small.  If you're here, try the veggie wings and brussels sprouts.  Even if you aren't normally into vegetarian food, they're pretty great!Yummy!  Had the corndog and the flesh tuxedo cocktail. went on a busy night so had to wait a tad longer than usual,but service was friendly! Would love to try dinner.I was skeptical about Cedar Point due to it's mixed reviews, but one point seemed to remain consistent (both in the yelp reviews and what I was told by friends): the veggie wings are amazing. I consider myself to be a connoisseur of veggie wings so I had to check it out for myself. 
The veggie (vegan, actually) wings really are amazing. They are so wonderfully crispy and nice & spicy.  Mixed into the bowl of wings are crispy fried Brussels sprouts which are also delicious.  I didn't bother with the dipping sauce because I don't need anything interfering with the delicious spiciness when I eat wings. Even if the patio is full, the inside atmosphere is great too. Service was fine. Not super attentive but not really slow either. I'll definitely return for some veggie wings and beer. They're so good that I don't even feel compelled to try anything else on the menu.Excellent beer choices, laid back ambience, eclectic foodie selection of munchies and helpful wait staff. I've been back several times and not been disappointed.I love their food. It's sooo good. I'm vegan and my husband is not but there's something for everybody and that's the first thing I love about this place. Usually the food is perfect but one time my food wasn't exactly as ordered and not only did they fix my order but they went the extra mile and insured id remain a happy customer. Vegans should def go here and non vegans too. Thumbs up.My husband and I go here all the time. We love their brunch especially - toad in the hole is my favorite, but their dinner menu is fab too. We always have great service and it's nice that they have a deck with outside seating for when the weather is nice. The brussel sprouts are really good and I love the catfish po boy, though I do end up not finishing all the bread. I just wish they would bring back the mushroom stroganoff and the jambalaya! So yummy!We started with Brussels sprouts veggies wings and they were the bomb! Also we tried some yummy cocktails from here (don't remember the name but they worth it). Friendly staff, cute decoration, exciting atmosphere...would definitely go there for Friday night!This is a cool, hip place to go in Fishtown!  Great place for drinks on the their deck during nice summer days.  On my first visit they had Sangria which was just ok.  I recommend sticking to beer and they have a nice draft list. I went with the Allagash White which has a nice fruity, smooth flavor.  The menu has almost a New Orleans feel to it with Po Boys etc. I went with the pulled pork sandwich with fries. It was delicious! Nice sweet flavor of the pulled pork on a fresh bun and the homemade fries were tasty.  Others in our large party of 10 ordered burgers and wings.  The service was quick even with our big group and they were able to pull together tables so we could sit outside.I took the family here last night for dinner. We were greeted and seated promptly and given menu's. We met the owner Anthony who was very knowledgeable with beers and wine. My wife was not sure what wine to drink so he brought her samples of pinot grigio  to try, which i thought was awesome. i had a pint of Bells Two Hearted ale which was delicious. We ordered burgers for the kids which were perfectly cooked and came with sweet potato and regular fries(nice touch). My wife and I shared the cheeseball salad, Lima beans and beet ravioli all of which were fantastic!
I must say our whole experience was great from service to food and drinks.
Great addition to Fishtown...Great job! BTW, they have a great deck for outdoor dining!I know that this place had a rough start, so I waited until September to go, figuring they have worked out the 'rough spots' and it seems that they have.  I have eaten there twice and was very pleased both times. I ate their 'root chips', 'mini cabbage' and 'beet ravioli' . All of those were fantastic and I hope they keep them on the menu. Service and ambiance is also en point.  
 My only complaint:  when I tried to take a bite of my husband's wings that he had ordered, I was overwhelmed with the smell of white vinegar (Blehghgh!).   I wish they would switch to apple cider vinegar as white vin is what I use to clean my house. If white vinegar consumption doesn't bother you like it does me, then order their wings.  
Anyhow, the drinks selection is also excellent!I've been to Cedar Point a few times ... I just moved to he neighborhood and it's my favorite place to go to be honest. I've never had a bad interaction, every time I have visited the staff has been so sweet and the food is awesome. Big fan of the different types of aioli they have and they have an awesome drink selection.Centrally located in the Fishtown area of Philadelphia which is a fun place.  The Staff are friendly. There is a great Patio seating area.Cedar Point is so good but I'm going to be honest, it's one of those places that I'm obsessed with the things I've tried and love them so much I just always rotate between those two things every time I'm here. 
First off, veggie wings. Friggin bomb. The apricot horseradish and charred brussel sprouts they serve it with make this dish so perfect and something I crave on the reg. Discounted during their happy hour too, which is dope.
Second, Vegetarian Reuben. Literally one of my favorite sandwiches in the city and they took it off the menu! They have something similar, which is still good, but I would come out of the way just for the Reuben. 
Kale burger was just eh. Lacked flavor and not as great as the other things they offer here.I didn't know this place was opened yet! But it is. And its great.
I swung by for lunch this Saturday afternoon. Pretty decent crowd, but there were still a few tables open. 
First off, the beer list is impressive. There was some stuff pouring here I haven't seen poured anywhere else in a while, which was nice. So I grabbed myself a sour beer and looked over the food menu. 
I ordered the Pulled Pork Grilled Cheese. Sadly, they were out of pulled pork but did have pork brisket, so I grabbed that. This sandwich is so gross (In a good way). It is dripping with 3 different cheeses on rye bread. The pork brisket was a little tough, but still really good. I wish they had the pulled pork. But oh well, that just means I have to go back next weekend.
Staff were very nice. Place was very clean and friendly. Prices were pretty cheap for what you get. A great spot to get breakfast or lunch if you're in the area.I haven't been here for food in a long time, so I won't make a judgement (although I remember it being middle of the road), but the outdoor patio area is a really nice spot to sit out and enjoy.  
Really solid craft beer list and the late night happy hour is a nice bonus.  From 10 to close on weekday nights it's a few bucks off of all draft beers.  The bartender last night was friendly and attentive even though someone kept asking him to make crazy cocktails.I'm such a big fan of this place. The bartenders are always so friendly and knowledgable. Whenever I can't decide what to drink they know just what I want. The menu is full of amazing things. The veggie wings are a favorite as well as the burger and the chicken n waffles. I can't get enough of this place.The only other wings that I crave more are at Pok Pok.  Just take the apricot horseradish sauce and pour it over the entire bowl of wings.  It's delicious and the fried brussels sprouts are a great change from the standard celery and carrots.  Add to this a great beer selection and half-priced wings during happy hour and Eagles games, and you've got a bar that's worth a visit (especially if Loco Pez is too packed).  
Great staff and a nice space with a nice deck in the warm weather.Food was absolutely delicious here! I don't know what else to say. It was good.... Period. Customer service was on point. A huge selection of beers and cocktails. Seems like a good place to hang out during the evening. I had a wonderful experience.It's a very nice space visually. I ordered the kale burger and to me it tasted like somebody fried a package of frozen spinach. It was really underwhelming and left me desiring more and better food. I'm very disappointed.I came to this spot for my second time last night and was again delighted by my time there.  It was pretty filled for a Tuesday night, which is always a good thing to see.  It's clean and comfortable, if a little bit on the dim side.
The beer selection here is great.  they have Philly staples like Kenzinger but also more select local beers.  I had a few but was most excited to drink the Yards ESA cask that was available.
The highlight here is totally the food.  Amazingly, they have a VEGAN wild mushroom stroganoff.  It's freakin' vegan but this thing is so smooth and creamy that you would not be able to tell the difference.  It consists of campanelle noodles, peas, chopped green onion in this divine shallot cream sauce.  The pasta is great, the peas and onion add nice flavor hints but it has a strong mushroom taste that melts with the sauce.  It's priced a little high at $14 for what's in the dish,  but it made me happy, and I'll be shelling out the money again some time.
Our server was really good.  He checked on us a good amount, and could read us to know when we wanted our check, which he brought quickly.  He was friendly and knew the menu well.  He did a great job.
I highly recommend this place.their food is delicious, fresh, and ever changing. the peanut greens were to die for and the mac and cheese is amazing. was there recently for brunch as part of a table of 6 (including a baby) and had called ahead to ensure they had a high chair available, which they did. awesome. not so awesome - no changing table in the bathroom and no flexibility in terms of food options for the child. i asked for a small portion of roasted turkey (from one of their sandwiches) and potatoes (from their breakfast options) and they were happy to do that, but had to provide the pre-portioned amounts from those dishes and charged me full price for the sandwich/dish. would have hoped for some flexibility as the kid was less than 1 year old. would return, but without my child in tow.Been here a few times now usually just for drinks but once for dinner and once for brunch. For dinner I had the fish and chips that were beyond unimpressive. I regretted my meal choice almost immediately. My boyfriend however got the Chicken and Waffle which was pretty delicious. The waffle was nice and fluffy and the chicken was well seasoned and crispy. I was there more recently for brunch. They had a special menu which included banana chocolate chip french toast. It wasn't at all what I expected. Based on the name I thought I'd get french toast covered in bananas and chocolate chips. What I actually got were 2 huge slices of chocolate chip banana bread, seared on both sides. Don't get me wrong, it was GOOD, just not what I expected. I ended up eating it without the syrup because banana bread is basically cake and doesn't require syrup. I also got a side of bacon and home fries, both were very good. And the mimosas were fine too.My idea of heaven is eating Cedar Point's chicken and waffles while soaking up some sun on their awesome outdoor deck.  The friendly service and yummy bloody mary's are added bonuses.Jesse is a really awesome, friendly bartender and he makes amazing cocktails that my girlfriend and I enjoy. Killer beer list and I LOVE THE VEGGIE WINGSWhat we ate:
Fava tots: good, hot (temp) and happy 
Chicken and waffles: life changing.. best Ive had. The chicken was moist and the waffle a pillow of amazing
Jambalaya: very spicy but had lots of shrimp and the corn bread was good.
beer was a good selection and the happy hour draft was a great deal.
I felt the pricing was fair and would happily pay it. 
Wait staff was attentive and did a great job
We were there on a monday night so it was pretty mellow. I loved that it wasnt too loud!Love this place.  I loved A Full Plate (their past restaurant) and now I love this place just as much.  Food is delicious, great drinks and great atmosphere.  I recommend the tempeh ruben and beet raviolis, they are delicious! Great outdoor deck for summer nights too!!!3 1/2 stars, I'd go back. Highlights were the red pepper soup, buffalo cauliflower bites. Service was pleasant. Outside deck is nice.Loooove their burger !!! I crave it often , lol ) very attentive staff here , and pleasant atmosphere.I had absolutely no issue with this place until now. I always thought it was a nice neighborhood spot, living in Fishtown. Been in several times. Decent food and drinks.
However, my last "experience" here was really ODD. I came in around 5:30 this Thursday, and was the only one there. All 5 staff members just stared at me point blank as I walked in, not even smiling or saying Hi or welcoming me in. It was super awkward. I said I'd go to the bathroom really quick and then would sit at the bar. When I sat down, again mind you, the ONLY GUEST IN THERE, they were all engrossed in conversation amongst themselves, talking about various staffing, shifts, in-times, etc. Out of the 5 of them behind the bar surrounding the service station, not one of them acknowledged my presence, yet they were occasionally making eye contact. Probably 3 minutes went by and they weren't even doing anything or busy but were just talking about work. Didn't even water me, or ask if I had any questions. It was really, really odd. I don't think I've ever received this level of poor service, where neglect is not because the place is busy and they're in the weeds, but that it was such blatant ignorance. I've tipped well every time I've been in there, I really don't know what the issue was. Even one of the bartenders who've I've had a few times asked me to weigh into the conversation, and I was like, "Um I wasn't really paying attention, I just was wondering about your beers." Still, nothing from any 5 of them. It was flooring. Finally one of the girls was like, "What did you want to know?", but by then I was already walking on my way out. Woooow. 
Apparently they don't want to make money. But somehow staffing topics are so much more important than taking care of your guests when you're actually ON your shift? 
I will not be back. Sucks, cause I actually liked this place. And word of mouth goes a long way. I work as management in this industry, and I will definitely be telling everyone I know about this "experience".2 stars might be too kind but I'm feeling generous. The kitchen I guess was feeling very generous with their vinegar. Everything had an overwhelming smell and taste of vinegar. Awful. 
We got the veggie wings and Brussel sprouts. The vinegar burned my nostrils. Sprouts we're ok.
Fried Green Tomato Po Boy. Warning the tomatoes are pickled for some reason. 
Veggie Cheesesteak. No vinegar but no flavor whatsoever.We had a large party of about ten people.  They quickly moved tables together on the outside patio to accomodate us.  Interesting menu with lots of choices.  Many of us started with a allagash white.  Service was quick and friendly.  I went with the chicken wings with Brussels sprouts.  It came with ten fairly spicy wings.  The Brussels sprouts were delicious and crispy.  I appreciated that the waiter gave us all separate checks.  Fun place to people watch and enjoy good food and nice selection of beer.So happy this place is finally open! Beer list is great, a few unusual choices. I've been twice for brunch, once for post-work beers. First brunch, I had the Red Flannel Hash, which was really well seasoned, but sadly undercooked. Potatoes and beets were still a little crunchy. Second brunch around, I had the veggie biscuits and gravy, which was crazy delicious. Our food took a while to come out, though they weren't too busy yet, but they apologized and made up for it with a drink on the house. Menu is fun, lots of great vegetarian/vegan options, staff is friendly and helpful, only major downside so far has been slow service, every time.Love love love this place! The atmosphere is great! You can tell someone hand picked the art pieces and it has a very relaxed hip vibe.  
The menu is a huge win.  We ordered vegan wings, vegan artichoke spinach dip, and they have a vegan mushroom stroganoff that I didn't order But can't wait to come back and try!!! 
I found out about this place because they sponsor the running team I'm on- runners for animals.  How cool that they care about supporting our community, and they have great food too!  Perfect spot for a drink or a meal!  Can't wait to come back!This might now be my favorite restaurant in the neighborhood.  
We have been here twice.  First time was for brunch over the weekend and the second was tonight for dinner.  Both times service has been excellent, food has been beyond fabulous, and the menu selection is so good I have a hell of a time trying to decide what to order.  
Brunch was awesome.  I had the fried egg BLT and it comes with turkey bacon.  I was kinda sad it wasn't pig bacon, but when I got it I was not even close to being disappointed.  It was so freaking good.  My boyfriend got the tempeh reuben and he was raving about it.  I think its also very important to note that for some odd reason I ordered a Bloody Mary and it was one of THE BEST I've ever had.  Every once in a while I'll order one at brunch and 9 times out of 10 I wish I had ordered a beer - but not at Cedar Point.  That Bloody Mary was so legit.  I wish I got the bartenders name but I complimented him on how good it was and he said it made his day ;)
Dinner tonight was also on point.  Amber was our waitress and she was on top of everything.  I was sucking down water like a fish and she was always back with refills.  We ordered the veggie wings with brussel sprouts to start and OOOOMG - they were phenomenal.  Amber explained to us that they make everything in the back - including the seitan that was our veggie wings.  I wish I could make seitan that good - we've tried, and its never anything like that.  She did say the chef refuses to serve bleu cheese, so they don't have it at the restaurant.  I personally think its nasty, but my boyfriend was sad its not an option even on request.   
With the incredible selection on the dinner menu I went for what I was craving - the cheese burger.  I know, that's not very original, but hey, if the burger is above average then you know you've got a good place.  Let me just say this - I'm a very huge fan of Sketch Burger in Fishtown, and I rarely order a burger anywhere because they usually can't even compare - but the burger at Cedar Point was cooked to perfection.  It tasted sooooo fresh (menu said it was grass fed beef) and the brioche bun was the perfect way to compliment it.  So yes - this place has a solid cheese burger among all of the other really great things I need to get back to try.  
One of the owners, Anthony, stopped by our table to say hi and introduce himself.  I think its really awesome that he took the time to do so.  I like getting to know the people opening businesses in my neighborhood and like to support the businesses - so it's nice to have a more personal introduction.  We told him we loved the place and will be back often.  I wish them a lot of luck.  
With all of that really great food we couldn't stop there and we ordered the mud pie dessert.  This was not your average bar dessert - it was really effing good, and you can tell it was freshly homemade.  
The menu made a mention of the local places they get their groceries - Greens Grow Farm being one of them.  We really like that place and I love the fact that this place makes the effort to shop locally.  
When the weather gets nice they will have seating out on their really nice deck - so this will be a hot spot in the Spring and Summer.  Can't wait to go back and bring my friends and family.  Welcome to Fishtown!I really like this place.  It is classy and they have good customer service.  The menu is well designed and has several vegan/vegetarian options.  I had the vegan buffalo wings and they were pretty good.  My boyfriend had the jambalaya and he enjoyed it.  It also came with a nice cornbread.  I recommend this place for a nice dinner.We love their late night happy hour! The food is always really good. I especially like their rotating sandwich menu and their wings/brussels sprouts bowl. Cocktails are great as well, and they always have a nice variety of beers on tap. It's a great date night spot!By sheer accident I found this classy casual restaurant in Fishtown. Before my ride back to New York, I wanted a healthy sandwich to eat in the car and was heading towards a taqueria to get a burrito. Then I spotted Cedar Point. I was curious and checked out the menu. So diverse healthy local grass fed  Friendly staff. If I lived in fishtown you'd also find me living in Cedar Point.Very attentive service. Fresh and local (sourcing ingredients from local growers like Greensgrow). Inventive (beet "ravioli" made from sliced beets as the "pasta"). 
It's a great place to impress people that not only Philly can offer something like this, but my very own neighborhood. And lacking any sort of snobbery. 
I've discovered some great beers here that I've never come across anywhere else. There's some great cocktails too--I forget what it's called, but it involved scotch and lavender. Yum.I tried. I really, really tried to like this place and make it a go-to spot. I live right by it. I mean, we came here semi-regularly for the entire first year it was open. I asked friends to be patient. I was patient. But, it's only getting worse and not better, and now I'm just angry that Cedar Point is taking up this beautiful space complete with an awesome outdoor deck. The food is incredibly hit or miss, and the only things I ever got into were the fried and not so healthy foods - wings, both chicken and veggie, and the mac and cheese. It doesn't matter even if these few items were good for me when I actually got served the disco biscuits with BURNT biscuits one time. I find that to be egregious lack of attention to detail in the kitchen, and when I pointed it out, the server's response was like, "OK" followed by a blank stare. I reached the end of my rope when a bartender just couldn't be bothered with our to-go order on a Thursday night. We wanted to order beers while we waited on our to-go order, so we're not a total loss when it comes to a tip especially considering all we wanted was for our order to be put in, pour us a couple beers, and then let us pay. I won't go back because I feel ashamed for tipping a bartender who was rude, annoyed by us, and then overcharged us in the end. So, that's it - I'm not coming back, and the person who used to say, "give them a chance" is shouting, "never again, and you shouldn't either" to anyone who will listen. Fishtown is too good for this establishment, and I'll wait for Loco Pez or make the slightly longer walk to Memphis Taproom, Kraftwork, Interstate Drafthouse, etc, etc, etc because the lists of places that serve better food with better service in that area is pretty much endless.I really like Cedar Point, namely the atmosphere. Really cool, modern-industrial decor with a nice outdoor deck that's great for brunch in the spring. Servers are all really nice and have always been willing to help me pick a beer. I'm happy it's so close to my house because they have great happy hour specials. All their food is decent (if they ever have the baked chili mac and cheese on special, do not pass it up!). One time the biscuits in my vegan biscuits and gravy were hard, though.First time here. came with a friend. OMG! everyting we had was just so good and flavorful! will definately be back!This place is right around the corner from us, and therefore lures us in FREQUENTLY. They have outdoor seating, are dog friendly, and they rotate specials frequently, including their draft beer list. It's a perfect central location for most fishtowners.
My absolute favorite things on the menu are the wings with brussel sprouts and the buffalo cauliflower caesar salad. They have quizzo here on Mondays at 8:30PM. The staff is generally friendly and helpful!My friends dragged me out to this place during the heat wave. I wasn't feeling so good so I decided to go light and ordered the kale and white bean burger.
I love kale and white beans but I'm not really sure what the deal was here. Do they think this is what vegan food is supposed to be? Mushy, bland, and ill conceived. Everyone else ordered the real burgers and they thought they were OK. The beer was fine...service was whatever.I take my last review back. I really wanted to like this places, but I've actually sworn off Cedar Point. The food is consistently not very good. The service isn't great. The food/drinks are over priced. There's so many other great places in the neighborhood; there's no reason to go here.When you are greeted at the hostess stand with the leg lamp from "A Christmas Story", you know the place is cool and you're in for a great time. So very true. 
A wooden light strand clad deck sits out front and I can imagine is a nice place to hang out and dine when the weather is warmer. Inside is dark and candle lit. An inviting bar, marquee letters, industrial chic pendant lighting, greenery and green walls with custom artwork help give the place it's chill scene. The music they were pumping is what really had me loving love the vibe. The soundtrack to my high school days... The Beatles, Dark Side Of The Moon, Cream, The Doors, Hendrix. Awesome. 
Our waiter was really awesome. He was super friendly and insanely knowledgable of every single beer and what they tasted like. Also of each and every dish, what it was made from and exactly how it was prepared. You can tell they take pride in who they hire and how they are trained. 
The beer... Some true gems!! Serving both fantastic bottles and great crafts and ciders on tap. The beer menu is stamped with what is currently rotating on tap and what's been kicked. Our waiter suggested Goose Island Festivity from Chicago for my husband and I chose a lighter Patina Saison farmhouse ale for myself which was delicious! Light and perfect. I was headed for an Allagash White from Maine I always love and steer towards, but tried something new instead. Glad I did. This is the place to do so. 
The food....so good! So, so good!  The menu was filled with vegetarian and vegan options which were clearly marked. When choosing this restaurant for us my hubby was sure I would've chosen the Kale and White Bean burger which looked great, served with a vegan sage aioli on brioche. The eggplant lasagne special looked great too, but I actually went with the veggie wings served with fried brussels and apricot horseradish cream ($12!) Oh yes!!!! Best vegan hot wings I've ever had!! Perfectly bite sized and crisped to perfection. Not chewy at all. Very spicy but the Brussels were a perfect way to break that up. A huge bowl which left me stuffed and with half of it to take home. 
We also split the peanut butter greens. I was so intrigued by this. Collard greens sautéed with peanut butter and crushed red pepper. Ummm yes! What's not to love? So unique. Who thinks of this combo? It sounded a bit strange but really worked. They a were hearty side dish and fantastic. A must try! Again, half of the plate to bring home. 
Hubby was torn between the fish sliders which the waiter told us was cod fried in chicken fry batter or the turkey Reuben. He went with the Reuben and said it was awesome. I tasted his side of coleslaw and even that was delish. Big chunks of cabbage with a grilled flavor. 
After all this splurging, I may or may not have taken a piece of vegan carrot cake home to the girls. And I may or may not have tried some. It may or may not have rivaled my favorite vegan carrot cake from Whole Foods. And it may or may not have had incredible, creamy, thick and gooey cream "cheese" frosting. 
We loved everything about our experience here. We will most definitely be back. 
The brunch looks great too! 
Vegan blueberry griddle cakes and red beans and rice with plantain cakes instead of eggs look awesome. 
*free street parking close by was a cinch 
*no wait on a Friday around 8:15 
** Happy Hour -Tuesday through Friday 6-7
                           Monday through Friday 10My husband and I found this place from yelp reviews. I was a great pick. We are both Vegan and sometimes its hard to get good food and drinks but now here. This place has both. Many vegan dishes to pick from and drinks too. We tried the Veggie Wings, Caesar salad with buffalo cauliflower, french onion soup and kale burger. We also ordered El Ginger..... Everything was El Yummy..... I want to return soon. Service was awesome and the place was lovely...... Even if your not Vegan its a must go and eat place.... the menu is very tasty for all....We hired Cedar Point to cater my daughter's wedding and they did an outstanding job!  The food was beyond what we expected and we received many compliments from our guests.  Shannon and her team were great.  Because the team from Cedar Point arrived so early we were able to offer drinks to our guests before the ceremony.  I had several signatures cocktails and everything was carried out exactly as I wanted.  I could not recommend them any higher if you are looking for a caterer for your wedding.   I would definitely recommend the chicken and waffles and the ricotta gnocchi with brown butter--among the best I have ever eaten. Thank you to Shannon and her entire team!I was excited to try this place. My husband and I are vegan and their menu had not just vegan options but very creative ones. Vegan cheese board! Vegan French toast! We arrived at 5:45 on a Saturday evening with our baby--early enough so it wouldn't be too crowded. One of the staff greeted us and was very friendly. Although there were many tables available, there weren't any that would seat 4 (we had another couple with a baby coming to meet us) plus babes comfortably until another table got up. The staff member said the wait would be fifteen mins but by the time we were seated, it was a half hour later. Not his fault but I wish we hadn't waited as long. We ordered the veggie wings, fava tots and vegan cheese board as apps and three of the four of us ordered the kale burger for dinner. I thought the veggie wings were great and the addition of roasted Brussel sprouts was nice. Fava tots were nice too--one of our party loved them. The vegan cheese board was pretty terrible. Now, before you go saying that, of course it was terrible--it's vegan! Let me say this: one, vegan cheeses have come a long way and any decent vegan cookbook or food blog has way tastier cashew-based cheese recipes with just a few wholesome ingredients. Beyond that, if something doesn't taste or look good, vegan or not, don't serve it at your restaurant! The board consisted of two vomitous lumps and two strips of tofu. That's not cheese! Seriously, check out the book Vegan Artisan Cheese for delectable examples. Cedar Point definitely gets points for trying but they haven't perfected their recipes or presentation and need to take this item off the menu until they do. The kale burger was virtually seasonless, mushy and totally fell apart. Again, I've had good veggie burgers and bad ones and this was bad. And again, any run of the mill vegan cookbook would have provided a better recipe. Service was fast and friendly but I'm afraid I won't be returning, especially since I also had stomach issues all night and this morning after my meal. Vegans do have eyes and taste buds and while I totally appreciate adding vegan menu items, dishes should be tested, tasty and presentable before making it to the menu. There are too many other vegan and nonvegan restaurants in the city doing better to settle for anything less.Went there last night with a couple buls for the late night happy hour, half off wings and half of draft (perfect combo in my book)I'm going to say this had been the best wings I had for awhile hands down.. Got hot wings, they come with roasted Brussels sprouts... Also ordered mac and cheese, probably the best Mac and cheese again I had in a long time sooo food this place is a 5 outta 5 
Our server was super on point seemed like every time I sipped my water here comes a refill it was immaculate 5 out of 5 service 
Atmosphere is were the 4 stars come into play soo the scene isn't to much my scene I like to see a mixed crowd of people, felt alittle bit awkward, not from the service but by the people around.....
I'll be going back again the food and drinks were to good to be true !!!Decent beer selection and nice staff people but this place feels like the over-flow lot for Loco Pez (where we went first but had to leave because it was so crowded).
Cedar Point had a decent crowd and we (my gf and I) were seated at the bar within a few minutes. We ordered a round of drinks, a bowl of chips and 2 meals. We got our drinks immediately but had to wait 35 minutes for any of our food to come out, including the chips. Her meal (chicken and waffle) was really good.... mine was bland (burger w/ fries). 
Since this place is new, we'll probably try them again in a few months.I'm not going to lie, I was a little disappointed at them not having ranch dressing and only offering blue cheese. But instead of a salad I got the chicken and waffles! They were really good, a bit spicy for my liking, but good regardless. My boyfriend got the gyro sliders and we both laughed at how tiny they were. My favorite part of my meal was our raspberry cheesecake brownie topped with vanilla ice cream!Went for brunch.  Had an Epic Brainless peach beer. The chicken and waffles with BBQ sauce maple syrup was everything I thought it was going to be.  Amazing!  With a melon and prosciutto salad.  No complaints at all. Go and treat yourself!Hubby and I went to Cedar Point tonight. The homemade vegan cheese plate with figs, onion jam, and some sweet cashew type spread was amazing. The carmelized mushroom stuffed onion was really rich and unique, and the red flannel hash was a tasty beet concoction. The maple roasted lima beans were good, but seemed a little tough. I didn't love the root veg mash-I felt it was a tad bland, but hubby liked it. Overall, a good experience for a new restaurant.
Considering they haven't been open long, it was a good experience.  I think the bartenders and wait staff are still learning how to navigate the place, so I won't take points off for that-yet.  They have a lot of vegetarian options, but they were out of 2 of them which I really hope does not turn out to be a regular thing like it was at A Full Plate.Brunch was delicious! Bill had red beans and rice with Andouille, spicy but yummy! I had red hash, great flavors beets sweet potato and poblanos. Both dishes with eggs over easy. Went perfectly with a cider and a Moscow mule.Cedar Point is about as close to my "regular" bar as it can get. This place is wonderful. Such a comfortable, friendly, and fun atmosphere at CP both from the staff and the clientele. Inside there are such cute and tasteful, yet slightly cheesy decorations (Leg Lamp!!). The food is FANTASTIC! I'm vegetarian and there are more than enough choices that are delicious, you can't go wrong. That being said I have heard many meat dishes are also excellent. There are TVs at the bar, which generally I dislike, however they play some great TV. Cedar Point is a really enjoyable place to get a drink and pass the time, alone or with friends. The bartenders and other staff make sure you have what you need, always with a friendly attitude. If you're a vegetarian I recommend you get the vegan buffalo wings with Brussels sprouts AND pair that with the mac and cheese. The combination is fantastic and it's enough food for 3 meals!! Great left over. I can't get enough of this place, I've been many times and will go back for years in the future!I had a lovely experience at the packed-out bar. The first thing I noticed was the sweet deck. After which, I noticed an impressive domestic taplist with great choices from across the country, without compromising local flavor. In my opinion, it is much smarter than Kraftwork's typically B-list domestic selection. I enjoyed my Great Lakes Dortmunder, Sculpin IPA, and Goose Island Sophie quite a bit.
Cassie was a great server, and Anthony the owner was warm.
The fried pickles would have better been battered pickles, but they were good no less. The brisket pancake was pretty moist, but probably relied on BBQ sauce too much. In general, the menu suffers from an overuse of their good BBQ sauce, but it is forgivable. The root chips were great, so was the beet ravioli.
The entrees looked impressive. The burger was solid, according to one. But the jumbalaya lacked a little flavor and depth. Our pork chop was undercooked, but returned quickly back to the table and we were supplemented with chips while we waited. The special fish was good, but also a little undercooked.
The chicken and waffles were the best entree on the table. Really most chicken breast, with crispy exterior and a great sauce.
A solid three stars. In Fishtown, this place is a great joint to visit. I prefer Memphis' taplist, and Johnny Brenda's food, but this is a great combo of both, and has such an authentic vibe that it is totally worth visiting.Food was good, service was not...
Wish the Brussels Sprouts with the wings had been seasoned, overall a good combination and the wings were really good. Fiancé liked his mac and cheese with pulled pork a lot- said it was very filling. Good beers and local cider. Lots of vegan/vegetarian options, no gluten free substitutions. 
Other servers had it together, including our food runner going the extra mile; seems like our waitress was a fluke that day (unfriendly and took over 30 min of empty glasses to get another beer while she constantly checked her phone at register).This place is amazing.  I went there for the first time yesterday and we arrived 15 minutes before happy hour, and they didn't pressure us to order before HH started so that was a nice way to begin everything.  
We ordered the vegan wings and a grilled artichoke and spinach salad that was a special for the evening.  The food was AMAZING!!!  I have attempted to follow a vegetarian lifestyle for the past few months, but I have this terrible weakness for buffalo wings.  So when my friend brought me here to try their vegan wings, I am happy to say they were way better than I ever expected them to be!   The protein was like the crunchy pieces from real chicken wings and mixed with brussel sprouts and it was served with an apricot horseradish sauce.  I admit the sauce sounded like an odd choice but when you try it all together...phenominal.
The salad was this delicate, delicious mix of grill artichoke hearts (which slightly warmed the dressing, and it was lovely), baby spinach, capers, red onions, and a citrus vinaigrette.  I recommend this salad as great option for sharing before jumping into the other yummy food.  
The happy hour times are great for people who are traveling from a distance (like myself) who want good food at reasonable prices.  They had a great selection of beer that was part of HH, and overall this was a very satisfying experience.  I will be back, and hopefully often!Such a cool place! It is super busy on weekend (but what isnt?) But it is worth the way! Cool cocktails and good beer selection. The seitan wings are incredibly flavorful and have great texture. It comes with fries and lovely brussel sprouts, so it is pretty healthy ;-).A solid addition to the Fishtown area.  
Vegetarians:  Come here.  Their vegetarian selections are innovative and delicious.  Reubens, Vegan Cheese Plate, Veggie Croquettes, Veggie Wings... they have all of these plus more.Great local bar! A little more pricey than I had expected but they make up for it with specials during happy hour and a delicious menu.I could gush about cedar point all day! We had a party of 13 for new year's eve and the staff was very accommodating by getting us sat within a timely manner. Everyone loved the food and cocktails. I had a filet mignon which was one of the specials for the evening. My mind was blown. It melted in my mouth and was seasoned and cooked to perfection. The meal was so decadent but the price was not, it was $15 or $17 (I forget; too many cocktails). Anywhere else that would have been almost a thirty dollar plate.  I went back for lunch with my family on Monday and watching them embark on such a delicious journey for the first time was so joyful for me. They loved every bite.
Seriously, this place is a gem. I haven't had anything that I didn't love. The staff is great too!On a nice evening where the wait to get in at Loco Pez was 30 plus minutes, the crew and I decided to try the welcoming deck attached to Cedar Point Restaurant. 
The service was spotty yet friendly but the menu choices seemed to be a confusion of vegetarian inspired Louisiana style with weird northeastern influences. We opted for the Lobster Roll Sliders as an appetizer....this was an entrée special but was well portioned for the task at hand. Shredded small pieces of not too fresh, overly dressed lobster on a very nice brioche bun.  Bigger fresher chunks with less dressing would have made these very nice indeed. My wife had the Jambalaya. She said that it was bland dirty rice with a few pieces of andouille sausage. My chicken salad sandwich was ok but nothing to write home about. Our friend got what appeared to be on the menu a stuffed cheese and pulled pork sandwich...there was nothing stuffed or extraordinary about pulled pork on dark bread. I can see the potential here, and with a little more focus I'm sure that they can get it together.Eh... had a burger was WELL DONE when asked to be med well, most expensive burger in fishtown area, I don't recommend at a crazy 13 bucks. If being charged that much I would hope I would actually get what I asked n paid for. Talked to a friend n same scenario.We went last night and it was so good. The place is very nice! Cozy but fun, we enjoyed it. For starters we had the fried pickles, very very good. We had to ask for a dipping sauce, the mustard wasn't really our thing. For dinner my wife had the pork chop, she said it was amazing! It was cooked to perfection! We specifically went there for the beet ravioli that was advertised but it has been discontinued. That was a bummer but not a deal breaker. As for me I had the chicken sandwich. It was delicious! The roll was perfect for the veggies, it's was almost like a sponge and absorbed all of the juices. The chicken was also cooked perfectly. The hand cut fries were on point! Our daughter had the Mac and cheese, she seemed to love it lol. We have been by this places a bunch of times and never stopped..We will definitely be back.I consider myself to be pretty lucky- Cedar Point is my neighborhood bar. The bartenders are great (shout out to Cassie, who used to be a bartender/server at our favorite bar in STATE COLLEGE) and the specials are awesome. 1/2 priced wings (which are fantastic) during happy hour (6-7p and during Eagles games) and $3 Sly Fox cans on Sundays are what keep me and Zack coming back. 
Food can be hit or miss. Stick to the appetizers and wings (chicken or veggie) and you'll be in good shape.Literally PHENOMENAL! Found this place because it was near a friends house and I had to go back there to get my car. CPBK is probably 45 min from where I live and I will 100% be making the trip back to eat here again. Make sure you get the brussels sprouts!So, this is my final review of this place. I've been waiting for some sort of inconsistency, but I'm convinced this place is perfect. So updating my reviews is no longer needed.
I went in today for a late lunch I got the "Burger". It was an amazing burger using grass fed beef with a Sunny Side Up egg. Now, I've had burgers with "sunny side up" eggs before that were just over done, over fried eggs. This burger was just dripping with yolk and cooked to perfection goodness. I avoided the burger here for a while now because I've had good burgers before.....what could they do different? Well, they cook it PERFECTLY. It might sound weird, but a lot of placers cant good a burger right. Its so juicy and tender.
The cheese, aioli, onions....even the bread are just so amazing. Oh, not to mention the potatoes. Ugh. Excellent. 
The beer list is great too as I've said in the past. Even if you're not a beer lover, just ask anyone who works there and they can pair you with something great. 
There is a ton of great restaurants in the area....but whenever I'm looking for somewhere to eat, I always suggest Cedar Point, because I know I wont be let down with the beer and food.I don't understand the negative reviews. I live just down the street from this place and go pretty often. The food is always delicious; the craft beers are always a good selection; and I've only once gotten less than awesome service. Their food main menu is small, but to me that means they've got it streamlined so everything is up to par. And they always have a new specials list. There isn't a single thing I've ordered that hasn't been at the very least satisfying. And their beer - it's always a great selection. I'm definitely a wheat beer fan, so it's nice to know that if I don't want anything on their rotation, they always seem to have Allagash. And honestly, there was only one time where the service wasn't as attentive as I thought it could have been. It wouldn't have really bothered me, but I was out with family, and I wanted them to think this place was as great as I think it is. They have outdoor seating, a charming indoor dining room, and prices I think are more than reasonable. I really like this place, and I wish those who didn't have a great experience might give it another shot.Cedar point is a great neighborhood spot that is underrated but imo it's better that way. The staff is really friendly and the food is consistently good. Lots of options for vegans/ vegetarians. The late night happy hour is about the greatest idea ever, with awesome drink and food specials. The vegan/ veg hot wings are among the best in the city. My only criticism is the beer menu is a little one dimensional. They seem to have a lot of the same beers week after week and it would be nice to see them rotated a bit more. Otherwise this place is a hidden gem.The food is ok.  The service is great, and if your feeling boardwalk empire then the cocktails are right up your alley.I came to support a friends happy hour fundraiser and had a great time.  Not sure if I would of ended up here if I didn't but I am so glad she invited me.  I defiantly want to come back here to try the food the menu looked amazing. But I was there to drink and the draft list rocked.  They have an awesome patio and I loved the bar area it got a little packed but it was manageable.Awesome restaurant in our neighborhood with creative and delicious menu. Beer selection rotates and will never leave you thirsty. We LOVE brunch here and sitting on the patio outside on a nice day is a great way to meet up with friends in the 'hood.A great neighborhood spot. Very laid back, interesting foods, nice beer list, friendly staff... just a great spot to relax. Unfortunately I'm not super close so I won't be a frequent flyer, but definitely on the short list for the neighborhood.