3.5 stars
It was good but didn't blow me out of the water. Portions are huge, food is tasty but service was pretty slow - and this was during an early Saturday dinner when we were one of three tables. Recommend the Po Tek (super flavorful seafood soup for 2).A wonderful late lunch at Chabaa. 
We had the Fried Dumplings, Shrimp Pad Thai, and Green Curry. Everything was delicious. 
I wish the Fried Dumplings were pan fried/seared, but they were deep fried like perogies instead. They were still good, just not the traditional way (to me) of eating dumplings.
As someone who has an open stomach and eats pretty much everything, I have never been a fan of curry. My wife ordered and I tried some. I ended up loving it. That should tell you everything you need to know. 
Shrimp Pad Thai was pretty standard and met every expectation. 
Fried Dumplings - 3/5
Shrimp Pad Thai - 5/5
Green Curry - 5/5
We also had the place to ourselves due to sneaking into the restaurant despite it being closed (long story short..they kept the place open due to a big reservation but the reservation never showed). The server was perfect by every measure.I am writing this review after having had a delicious dinner tonight at Chabaa consisting of 2 appetizers: 1) Fresh Spring Rolls; and 2) Bangkok style street pork, as appetizers and for Entrees we had: 1) Crepe Pad Thai; and 2) Crispy Duck Pad Thai.  We brought 2 bottles of vino with us (thanks Jenn M. for the BYOB heads-up) and had a fabulous time!  I love this place for the authentic Thai food in Philly!  It was about $70 for 2 for food and corking fees.  Go there if you can't get to Bangkok tonight!  Cheers!Really heavy red curry. The spring rolls and pad thai tasted pre-prepared. The food, generally, tasted not very fresh. Spring roll was soaked in oil and pad thai had a weird smokey flavor.  To too it all, this place is much pricier than other (better) thai places in the city. Would not recommend.very good Thai food. have accidentally ended up here. and  i am super glad i had. very good taste the quality was good. i have ordered green curry and it was just the right consistency not too thick nor too thin just rite and tasted heaven. and don't forget to taste their dessert OMG again just great. and since my accidentally visit i have been a regular visitor :).. i would recommend to try out and trust me you will not be disappointed.We ordered a seafood padthai and a regular padthai but the waitress brought out seafood padthai and a curry. So we had to wait for them to make a regular padthai and my seafood padthai became cold as a result. Ofc we did not have a good experience so we decided to come back and give another try. With both times eating here, the flavor was just okay and service was slow. This place is pricey because of the location and is overrated!Great BYO, but a bit expensive to go here regularly.  Correct me if I'm wrong, but the style is Asian street food which I assume a $22 duck pad thai dish wouldn't normally be part of.  I used to get the Panang special ($22) which is fantastic, but I feel like the portion has gotten a lot smaller over the years.  I recently switched to seafood crazy noodles ($19) which is also spectacular.  
If it was a little more reasonably priced, my wife would drag me here once a week, but we only go on special occasions.Excellent Thai cuisine. I had the pad Thai and the vegetable tofu ginger basil dish. The latter was better. Pad Thai seemed slightly blander than other excellent ones I have had elsewhere. The chicken peanut appetizer was very flavorful and fresh. Overall, very nice experience and try multiple things on the menu!DAMN THAT WAS GOOD! Had drunken noodles and they were the BEST! Also appreciated the service and the help with how to go about getting wine, which I wanted as soon as I saw everybody else with their byob.The food was good, not great.  The service was good.  Honestly, it wasn't really a memorable meal.  I probably wouldn't return because it was just ok and I can get better Thai food elsewhere.
The coconut ice cream is pretty good.A lovely Manayunk find! I am really particular about Thai food because it usually gets watered down for Western diners. The flavor profiles get oversimplified and I am not one to be content with a simple Pad Thai that I can make at home for a fraction of the cost. Chabaa lived up to all my expectations. The location is extremely convenient (next to all the bars) and the interior is pleasant enough. We were seated promptly and received plenty of attention from our waiter. Prices were pretty reasonable, about $15-$22 for an entree.
I ordered the penang curry and it was absolutely delectable. The coconut milk was in perfect harmony with the lemongrass and the kaffir leaves added a nice touch. I did regret getting beef because the texture of the meat was a little chewy but I think penang is better suited to lighter proteins. I would not call the dish "spicy" but it has a nice zing to it. SO ordered the pork tenderloin and was very satisfied as well. 
I rarely enjoy leftovers but I was really happy to bust open my curry the next day for lunch, it was that good. I highly recommend Chabaa if you are in the area.The food is exceptional.  However, it is a bit on the pricey side.  Having been a regular at several Thai restaurants in West Philadelphia, I am accustomed to my Thai food being a yummy and fresh inexpensive treat.  Needless to say, when I came here for lunch (they do not have a lunch menu), there was some sticker shock.  Once I got over that, it was excellent and I will be back (for dinner).Here's the most serious problem I have with Chabaa: Every time I try something it's so good I want to order it again the next time I visit.  It takes an enormous effort each time to try a different dish -- and I have never been disappointed.  Truly outstanding food, and attentive service.  I was fortunate, the last time I visited, to meet the Chef/Owner, who was delightful and sincerely interested in everyone having a satisfactory experience.  She made the rounds at least twice while I was there -- though it wasn't too crowded at the time (not too long after opening), with perhaps a dozen diners; I doubt she'd be able to find the time to walk around at busier times.  I especially loved the Panang Special beef, and one of these days will order it again rather than trying another new dish.  The Chef has a deft touch with spices -- absolutely perfect for my taste, with a wonderful blend of taste and heat, but not too hot.  I wish I could give Chabaa more than 5 stars.I was in town and decided that it was most important for good friends to enjoy good food in a ...GREAT location.
So Chabaa it was. Pad Thai I know sounds cliche but was really good. Chabaa - BYOB, so leave it to my dear friend to bring a bottle of watermelon vodka! hahaha i had never laughed so much in my life. 
The service was great the food was very delicious and the places was busy. We had a lovely time and would certainly visit again.This place is great.  A little pricier than some other Thai places, but the quality of the food is the best I've seen in Philadelphia for Thai food.  The servers are very polite and friendly, and the food comes beautifully plated.I came here this past Valentine's Day with two friends. It was a BYOB where we could get a little dressed up and get out of the house. We came very hungry and were seated right away with a reservation. The service was average - nothing to complain about. 
The food here was very good though not particularly cheap. No one in our group tried anything too crazy. We stuck to chicken satay, pad thai, rice dishes. It's a great place to go out for an occasion, but it's not sooo much better that I would pay this premium rather than get perfectly acceptable Thai take out.I've finally found a thai restaurant to go toooo! YAH!!!!!
I bumped into this place while on a leisure stroll through main street. I was starving and after looking at a few restaurant's menus I walked up to Chabaa and the aroma just grabbed me. My stomach was like "we'z eating here today massir".
Initially my friend and I sat outside since it was a beautiful night but we thought we felt a drizzle so we moved inside.
I had the sampler appetizer (by myself) so you know I was hungry. I then went with the spicy tom yum soup after wards. I figured I should scale down a bit since I already ate the sampler appetizer all by myself.
My friend went with a rice dish as her main meal.
Our waitress was very friendly and knowledgeable about the food; giving ideas about what goes best with what...etc.
My tom yum soup (I ordered the spicy) was super good. I mean it was SPICAAAAAEEEEYYYY. The waitress suggested I get a side of rice with it to cool things down - GREAT IDEA. Went well with a spice of jasmine rice. Everything appeared and tasted freshly made not warmed/microwaved up.
I took my soup home with the rice and I'm finishing it up as I type this. It's soo spicy and delicious. When winter rolls around, this soup and rice combo will be a staple. 
There is an upstairs area that I didn't get to see; i was seated downstairs. Next time I'll bring my bottle of wine ($3 cork fee)...Pretty pricey even when we ordered for carry out, but it was one of the best Thai food I've had. It was a pretty large serving and traveled well. The food was even presented beautifully in it's round take out dish. I was impressed with everything. I haven't eaten inside the restaurant yet and after getting carry out, I've been dying to go back and eat there. I can't imagine how much better it can be since it was so good already. Oh and I had the pad thai of course..I'm drooling, just thinking about it :)This place is one of the best Thai restaurants in PA. The service is great and the food was AMAZING. My husband and I ordered 2 entrees and they were both awesomely decorated and were so flavorful. I highly recommend this place.Food flavors were good. Prices were in my opinion a little high for portion size, but not unreasonable. Remember to grab some wine before coming as it is BYOB. Waitress was pleasant and not overly attentive. Which was not really an issue because we didnt really need anything. She kept the water refilled. I would definately go back.Why oh why do you need to be so expense Chabaa Thai? This place has by far the best Thai food in the city, and I crave it often, but the price is just too steep to go here frequently. Over $20 for the shrimp pad thai, therefore this place is reserved for special occasions and nights out. I wish they would drop the price a bit so I could frequent more regularly. Also for some reason their take out menu is the same price as dine in. However, it is a BYOB and the food is outstanding so definitely 4 stars.Hands down favorite dinner spot in yunk. Have tried 4 different entrees and they were all 5 stars. My favorite is lamb special or peanut scallop pad Thai. Go for pineapple dessertAverage Thai food that is overpriced. Not worth a second try. The Panang beef special was flavorful but a bit too salty. The crispy duck pad Thai could have been fried to give a crunch.Fantastic Thai spot in Philadelphia/Manayunk. I travel the country and always try new Thai places. This ranks very high on my scale. Big fan of drunken noodles.I give 5 stars for the thai tea drink....best ever....nowhere in philly is as good as Chabaa Thai....xoxoWe've been meaning to try this place for almost a year now. It's unfortunate they only open at 5pm during the week. The restaurant is large and is great for large parties. 
The food was really delicious! Having been to Thailand this was on par with authenticity! Sadly, for the price I figured we would have a lot larger portions. Great ambiance for a date night as well. 
We ordered all this for $41:
Appetizer Sampler
Thai Iced Tea 
Tom Kha Soup Vegetable 
Panang Curry w/Chicken
Overall this is a great spot and will be back! Took off a star because portion sizes could be larger.Chabba Thai definitely hit the spot. 
Definition of the spot:
A. stew-like, rich curry in which your mind doesn't have to reach for the flavor, but the flavor comes to you.
B. The flavor doesn't just come, it swarms your taste buds!
(Order Red Curry)
C. Deep chewiness of noodles that makes you close your eyes along with bites of crunchy vegetables. (Order Crazy Noodles)
I found this place a tad overpriced ($22 for pad thai? for reals??) but in compensation, they really do put that tropical flower in the website photos on top of some dishes.If there was only one reason to visit manayunk (which there is) then Chabaa Thai is it! After moving out of the area I had forgotten about their delicious, and albeit cramped offerings. The panang curry is and always will be a favorite of mine - it could not be better here! My man always orders the Pad Thai or drunken noodles which is predictable but difficult to go wrong. Considering the byo factor, which keeps the check average affordable, this is one of Philadelphia's best date night spots!I like chabaa thai a lot. Everything I've had there has been good (mostly pad thai and red curry). I find it kind of pricey...$14 with tax for a vegetarian red curry (hence the 4 stars)...seems it should be a few bucks cheaper w/o meat. I've had salads and I think a soup once too, which were yummy. They give you a big portion which usually lasts me 2x meals. I'd go back again and usually get takeout. Would love if they delivered!I love the new location! I came here for lunch with friends and got the pad thai with salmon and shared the sampler appetizer and mango sticky rice for dessert. Street parking, ample seating and very friendly servers.Super solid 4 stars.
Staff is put together, decor is nice without being pretentious, service is prompt.
They have some nice outdoor seating options when the weather permits and a ton of interior space.  I believe they take reservations as well.
The menu is relatively standard for thai...which is fine by me and most people.  With Thai, I think many people sort of have an idea of what they want, they just want it to be good.  Thai beef salad had a ton of well marinated beef, filling for a salad.  My friend had panang curry vegetables, in terms of thai curries, 8/10...a great score.
Overall, solid, hit the spot, nothing more, thai food in Manayunk.  There are not many other options so you're kinda stuck, which isn't a bad thing.we were excited to try chabaa thai and were very disappointed. it was a beautiful saturday evening and we sat outside, which was great. we had fresh spring rolls and thai sausages for appetizers then the house salad and a special pad thai. all of it was fine but totally unexciting and kind of tasteless.  the service was slow and they made a mistake in our order.  really not good for the price.Add this review to all the other good ones on Yelp. When I go to any Thai place I always have to try there Pad Thai. This was delicious! Not overly sweet. I love how they have different varieties. Next time I will try the crispy duck pad. Sounds awesome. If seated downstairs it will be cramped and seat next to the entrance is horrible. Overall it won award for reason and I see why! BYOB is clutchMy friend and I were walking by and stopped in at the recommendation of the patrons seated out side. That's always a good sign! The food smelled amazing as soon as we opened the door. Service was a bit slow, but they were really friendly. I ordered the Crazy Noodles. It was crazy good. It lacked a bit on the noodles side, but was loaded with chicken and vegetables. My friend got the Thai Fried Rice. It was perfectly spiced and loaded with chicken and vegetables. I liked hers a little better, but overall both dishes were good.Good food, really nice prices, and very friendly and prompt lunch service. What more can I ask for?Love Chabaa! Moon has crafted one of the best Thai restaurants in the city. The food is phenomenal. I myself have spent a lot of time in Thailand and it is nice to find food in the States that brings back a lot of fond memories. The Pad Thai and the Beef Special are my favorites but you can't go wrong on anything on the menu!The most wonderful Thai food I have ever had in my life!  For the first time ever, I wanted to meet the chef and thank them for the best Thai food I have ever had. Customer service was impeccable and ambience was "on point!"  Worth every penny. Don't miss out!  I can't wait to come back again and again!  Oh...and the bathroom is outstanding---clean.I love Thai food! 4 years ago I worked at a little Thai place in Ohio called Thai Gourmet and the food was wonderful! I had not had Thia yet in this City so a few weeks ago some friends and I decided to BYO there. We hang out every Thursday and drink lots of wine and eat delicious food and just have an amazing time! We chose to try Chabaa and were very satisfied. Their vegetarian pad thai is amazingly good! The thing was loaded with tons of edible garnish, which the edible garnish is my favorite thing ever, I love it as much as I love toast with jam or cheese! But yeah the service was good, we went  around 6 on a Thursday and they were not busy at all and we all loved the food.Really good Thai food! Love sitting outside in the summer. I usually get the duck pad Thai and it is out of this world! Can get a little pricey.I'm from out of town, but I've been here twice now.  Both times were good, but nothing extraordinary.  The last time we were there our waitress seemed to be in a bad mood and was pretty snippy with us, which caught us off guard.  Additionally, they charged us a $3 corking fee on our wine that we brought, which they gave us absolutely no warning about.  Finally, you're on your own for finding parking, which we usually end up spending $10 on.  The food is pretty good, I think sticking with Pad Thai is a safe bet, especially since there are several Pad Thai options; but I don't think I've been wowed enough to come back a third time.Definitely the best Thai place in Philadelphia. Now, this is not saying much since Philadelphia is really lacking in this area (read: 3 star), but the food is tasty. I would say a bit overpriced for the quality and portions.
I don't think this place serves straight up authentic Thai food. The food is catered towards the American taste: creamier, less spicy, more sweet. I think every dish I've tried was more on the sweet side.
The food is decent. The spring rolls are premade and brought out when you order, so you can't request alterations. The Crazy Noodle, Pad Thai, and red curry are solid.Food was excellent... spicy but not overly done...I got the spaghetti and clams great flavors! Only draw back the air was not functioning so it was hot as balls!I was helping my boyfriend move into his apartment last summer. We were hot, tired, sweaty, and craving thai. We called up Chabaa Thai Bistro to order some food to go. 
Now most Thai places in the city are relatively inexpensive and we figured this would follow suit. Oh my, how wrong we were! $40 later we were eating our two entrees that were good, but not GREAT for the price. 
I would like to go back and actually sit in the restaurant for a meal since people seem to fancy it. I'll give them a second try, but must forewarn people that this is not a good option for Thai takeout.Top Pad Thai in the city due mostly to diversity of Pad Thai novelty dishes. Great atmosphere for a good eat-in experience. I wish I tried the Tom Kha soup but the entree was so damn expensive for a lunchtime meal. The service was top notch. A little expensive but worth trying.This tiny bistro located on Main St In Manyunk is a great find. Chabaa has a traditional Thai menu with favorites like Panang Curry and Pad Thai. Often they have unique specials that offer variates of Thai cuisine. The restaurant itself is quaint and the seating is comfortable. There staff is very polite and helpful, and the service is very good. They provide large portion entrees and the food is delicious.I was in Thailand for two weeks a couple years ago, and nothing I've had since has compared. 
This did. 
Appetizers: 
Delicious spring rolls. Crispy, not oily. Friends soup appetizer was awesome as well.
Dinner: 
I had the Gaeng Dang red curry with chicken. Absolutely incredible. 
The coconut milk cut through in the soup like it hasn't since Thailand. Tender chicken. I ordered the "hot", and it was spicy but I wasn't blown away. Could've been spicier.
I highly recommend it for Thai, and I'll be trying the pad thai next time so wait for an update.Since moving to Manayunk from out of state, I received several recommendations about how great this place is - even one from a random guy at a bar in the Art Museum area. When my boyfriend came into town, he was craving Thai food, so I figured we should try it for lunch, since we were already walking along Main Street. 
I knew this place was on the pricier side for dinner (as are most places in Manayunk, I have learned), but after reviewing the specials chalkboard on the sidewalk outside, which featured some mouthwatering descriptions with prices of $8-12, I assumed that they had a separate lunch menu with correspondingly lower prices and smaller portions.  I was wrong... What we had read on the chalkboard were their appetizer specials, and the lunch menu was the exact same as the dinner menu. 
I did like the atmosphere. We were seated in the front part of the first floor, which was a small, but cozy area with a few tables. There is an upper level, which I would like to have seen, but since it was lunch time and there were few guests, that area was not open. The bench seat was comfortable and had cute throw pillows that complemented the sheer fabrics hanging from the exposed rafters above. It evoked the feeling of sitting cross legged at a low table without actually sitting on the floor. 
I ordered the Chicken Pad Thai ($17), and he ordered the Green Curry Chicken ($15), requesting the hottest spice level, since he is a huge hot foods fan. He also asked that they bring some of their house hot sauce for an added kick. All they brought out for him were hot pepper flakes prior to the meal. Really, this isn't a pizza parlor! (A guy at a table beside us got some, so they likely forgot to bring it for him...)
The presentation of my pad thai was beautiful but, in my opinion, overdone. There was a mountain of garnish in the corner of the plate, including several types of herbs, beets, mango, an orchid, peanut crumbles, etc. There was a lime underneath it all, which I would like to have used had I found it earlier. (An aside on the orchid - no one ever seems to eat these, despite the fact that they are edible, and having worked in restaurants throughout college, I know these are not cheap and are likely adding to the overall cost of the entree. I would rather do without it and pay a couple dollars less...) The pad thai was good, but I have had better. In Charlotte, NC where I moved from, there was a restaurant called Jade that prepared theirs nearly the same way (more Americanized, since more authentic pad thai dishes have a more reddish sauce), less all the useless garnish, with the same sized portion for $7 at lunch and only $9 at dinner. For $15, I was disappointed in the amount of chicken that they gave, feeling like they used more tofu as a filler. Also, the chicken was dry. For being a signature dish, I would expect the chicken to be moist and perfectly cooked. 
My boyfriend's green curry was served in a large bowl with a tiny side of rice. I would have expected them to offer more rice, maybe like a 2-3:1 (dish:rice) proportion, instead of the 4-5:1 that they actually gave. He said his dish was good, but I didn't try more than a tiny taste because of the heat. At an authentic Thai restaurant, the hottest spice level would have made him break a sweat. This dish just didn't do anything for him in that regard.
Overall, I think all the positive recommendations that I got for this place inflated my expectations, and I was let down. Yes, the food is good, but not amazing or mind blowing. When you factor in the price you are paying for average food, it really is not worth it. 
I'm excited to try Phu Fha's on the corner of Leverington and Ridge next. Better Yelp rating (4 1/2 stars) and much more reasonable prices!Ordered takeout pad Thai with chicken and tom kah soup. The lady at the pick up counter was very friendly and nice. The pad Thai was great. Large portion and even nice presentation for take out. It had a great flavor to it. I would have loved more bean sprouts in it for an extra crunch though. The tom kah soup was okay. It was very creamy with not much kick to it. I like to really taste the hot and sour aspect of the tom kah and then having the creamy coconut to balance it out, with this I just really only tasted the coconut milk. I had to add hot sauce of my own to give it some flavor. Could have just been an off day. Overall it was good, I would definitely order the pad thai again and maybe give the tom kah soup one more chance. I will have to try some other stuff on their menu since everything looks great. One big downside is that it is pretty pricey compared to any other Thai place I had been to.This is one of the restaurants in my thai triumvirate (Thai Orchid, Nadia, Chabaa), for good reason.  They really try to offer Thai dishes that are dfferent from just the usual standards.  The green curry is very spicy and quite good, and the scallop pad thai is perfectly seasoned with fresh giant scallops.  This is also the only place in the area where you can get duck and scallop pad thai.  I also love the Po Tek or seafood hot pot, which is cooked in a great basil and chilli flavored broth.  The sai grog appetizer is a great blend of lemongrass, pork, and other spices that will provide your palate with a nice change from tulip dumplings.  Finish off with the coconut ice cream (so deliciously creamy) or mango sticky rice. 
The service is decent, but nothing to rave about.  However, the food makes up for that.One of my Manayunk favorites.  Always favor BYOB and this one does it right.  I am a repeat customer and rarely order the same food - never leave disappointed.  Cannot go wrong with any of their Pad Thai, though!  Service is always good and overly attentive.  They take reservation, and I have never had to wait a minute when I call ahead.I picked up pad thai with chicken for lunch here after reading the mostly positive reviews.  At $10 it wasn't as pricey as the dinner menu so I figured I'd try it.  
It was just okay...not very flavorful at all.  I'm used to pad thai tasting more peanut-y and this really didn't taste like much.  It wasn't so awful that I wouldn't try something else there, but I definitely won't be springing for a $20-something entree based on this meal.I wandered down main street Manayunk on a nice fall Friday afternoon in search of a good meal and pleasant atmosphere for a lunch date.  Once I decided on Chabaa, I was not disappointed.  
They began by hitting on the little things, such as a friendly greeting and clean environment, continued to elevate things by taking the time to explain and answer questions, and locked up a solid rating with a great meal.
While I cannot say it was the best Thai I've ever had, it was well prepared, fairly priced, and did not leave me wanting more.  The coconut ice cream, served in a coconut, was a nice dessert to share.There is a very large selection of pad thai flavors that peaked my interest.  The presentation of the food is worth 5 stars.  The food is great.  I did deduct a star for the prices and the closeness of the tables that causes you to hear several other conversations while eating.  The service is attentive.I went back to Chabaa Thai a couple months ago after not eating there for over a year and was happy to find that the food was just as great as the last time I ate there.  They have a great selection of very flavorful Thai dishes with some good vegetarian options and to top it off it is BYO.  This is one of my favorite restaurants in Manayunk and has never disappointed over several years of eating here :)I've been to Chabaa time and time again and never disappointed. The Panang Curry is delicious and always a great choice. The restaurant located on Main Street in Manyunk  close to all the popular bars and night life on that strip. Chabaa is a great place to eat before you head out with your friends but dont forget to stop at the Wine and Spirits on the way into Manyunk because Chabaa is BYOB!Came here for dinner and the service was horrible! The food may have been good but it's not worth the wait. Do not come if you do not have 2 hrs to wait for your meal and never being able to find your server when things are needed. We had a party of 5 and they tried to charge us 20% gratuity on our bill when it clearly states in the menu an 18% on a party if 6 or  more. So, do not come here and it's really not worth it.I have been here 30+ times and its always good.  The pad thai and panang curry are two of my favorites.  Not a huge fan of the appetizers but the entrees are quality.  Highly recommendI love this place.  I have been on dates, dinners with friends and have given gift certificates there....everyone that I recommend this place to---loves it!
Most times I get the Scallop Pad Thai....but have tried numerous other  entrees as well!  I never have a bad experience!  I can not wait to try their new restaurant-Mango Moon (down the street on Main St in Manayunk)Good Thai place but a little pricey.
My wife, a friend and I went there because of its good rep after Deke's BBQ wasn't opening for two more hours on a Saturday.
We started with scallops (a special) and the sampler. The sampler was fine, I especially loved the chili sauce that came with it. The scallops had a great grilled taste and a sauce that was so good I dipped the carrot garnish in it . They were a little expensive at $9 for three (albeit rather big) scallops.
I had the crazy noodles, mildly spiced, with shrimp. A fantastic dish. Very savory. Chow fun noodles, peppers, mushrooms, a great sauce. It really worked. I had a few mushrooms off my wife's pad-Thai. They could have been an appetizer onto themselves. They tasted almost like they had been cooked in a pizza oven. Just delicious. 
I also finished my wife's pad-Thai which was great but any good Thai restaurant has to master that dish.
All told, good food, just be prepared to pay.Since relocating from NYC some time ago I have been on the hunt for a quality Thai place. Finally, I found this one. My crew and I sampled the green curry, panang curry, tom yum soup, spring rolls and pad thai. Everything we ordered was absolutely delicious. The curry sauce is super creamy - I could really taste the coconut in the sauce. Plus, it's a very nice, airy space with lots of comfy places to sit. I have noticed that some people commented that the service here needs improvement. That was not my experience at all. I have been twice and both times the service was fast (but not so fast that I felt like I was being rushed out the door) and attentive. I will definitely go back.Clarification - not closed, temporarily merged with their sister restaurant down the street at 4255 until their new location is renovated.I would defintely recommend Chabaa - especially for great friends to enjoy great food!  My girlfriends and I meet here often for dinner and a bottle or two of wine to catch up.  We are always completely satisfied with the meal (the portions are huge and we always have left overs for later) and the service has always been great!My favorite spot in Manayunk and my favorite Thai place in the city!  I have been a patron since it opened and every experience has been stellar.  The food is exotic, comes out timely and hot, the proportions are good, the service always friendly and their fresh spring rolls are the best I have had!  (reserve them if you're going late because they often sell out)  On top of the BYOB you leave happy with what you paid for.  I rarely write reviews but went their the other night and the food was so good  I just had to!Didn't love it. There is cheaper and better Thai food in University City.  Also a corkage fee for BYOB- really?Went for the first time on a Monday night. Excellent! Peaceful atmosphere, great service, BYOB, great food. I shared the seafood hot pot soup for two and it was delicious. Desert was homemade coconut ice cream over chocolate mousse cake. Can't go wrong there! The whole thing was a great experience and I hope to go back again soon! They are available to eat in or take out. I'm almost glad they don't deliver - otherwise I might be ordering from them every night!I initially decided to come because of all the great reviews on Yelp and they proved to be spot on. I would recommend making a reservation on weekends. This place has a really great atmosphere! It was the first thing i noticed when i stepped inside, a perfect date spot.           The food was really good and fairly priced. The place is BYOB! the waiter was quick, courteous, iced our wine right away. We ordered the Summer rolls, a Pad thai, and Crazy noodled (reallly good). Altogether it came to a little more than $40 with tax and tip. I went on Valentines Day and they gave us a free dessert :)Chabaa Thai has now become part of Yanako at 4255 Main Street, supposedly temporarily. The food remains the same, as do the prices which were fairly high to begin with. The decor is of course different, but Yanako is quite pleasant in itself; and the fact that you can order from both menus is a huge bonus. The service seems about the same, which is 'good' to 'very good', but no better; and the only difference I see (and I might have just missed it at the original location) is that now there's a $3 per bottle service charge for B.Y.O.B. - which will keep me away.Very good food. Great atmosphere and restaurant design. Very good and fast service. Very reasonably priced. Would go again for sure.I used to really love this place when it was a whole in the wall and was excited to see it anew.  The staff was amazing as always and the new space is beautiful. Sadly, the entree's have lost the intensity of flavor and feel like where substituted by the sugar and salt. I say this not to bash the establishment but really encourage them not to cater to the "American" palette with sugar and salt- we Americans want more.  The fall special mussels were excellent- in fact they were perfect and without flaw or fault. The broth was perfectly flavorful without feeling salt laden.  And the coconut custard is to die for.Very solid and delicious.  This restaurant is BYOB which is cool.  For some reason I did not mind running down the street to get a 6 pack.
Everything on the menu is good.  You can't go wrong with anything.  Order a lot and spend some time there.  The location is wonderful and make sure you call ahead for reservations.Always my go to for pick up when I'm rushing after work! Really good quality food. The tofu is so soft and moist! All the noodle dishes are wonderful and the tumeric pineapple fried rice is incredible, love the sweet savory!! Also my go to for lunch, the banh mi's are great and their build your own soup on the binto side are great (rich broths).I really wish that I could give Chabaa 6 stars, but alas, I cannot.  Chabaa is hands down the best Thai restaurant I've ever been to and not only that, the best restaurant in Manayunk.  I have literally brought all of my close friends there multiple times and have staged my last two birthday party dinners there.  The food is absolutely amazing, the staff are all very accommodating and friendly and the prices are very reasonable.  On top of all that, it's BYOB so you save a ton of money on drinks.  You will LOVE this place!This is the best Thai food in the city! The service was great as well. Get the crispy duck pad thai and seafood curry. The prices might seem higher than a typical thai place, but its well worth it. The prawns were 5 inches long and the curry came with big pieces of scallop. This is the first place I ordered curry that came with more seafood than curry. Keep up the good job Chabaa Thai Bistro!Another one of my favorite spots in the Yunk! I've been here quite a few times and have never been disappointed. The decor is classy yet relaxed. The menu choices are great, especially the vegetarian selection. I've never had a bad meal here and always try to get something different when I stop in. Most recent visit was the crazy noodles which had the perfect amount of kick for me, simply delicious! Great BYOB spot to bring a nice bottle in with you. Servers are quick and attentive as well. Great spot, great food, definitely recommend this place!Sad face...this place has gone downhill. Perhaps the owner is too focused on his newer project, MangoMoon? 
I'm a bit of a miser when it comes to Thai food in Philly. We have such great ethnic cuisine, but the Thai offerings don't compare to the amazing Vietnamese or Korean joints. Regardless, I stumbled into Chabaa Thai with a friend from out of town one summer night in 2006, and we had the most glorious meal. I remember saffron-infused rice, delicious basil, and pretty paper lamps. 
I made my way back to Chabaa Thai a little while ago and was underwhelmed. The snazzy decor I remembered appeared chintzy and lackluster. Maybe it's just because I'm 4 years older, or maybe they haven't changed the decor in 4 years? 
I got the tofu tom yum soup to start. The broth was tasty, but the veggies didn't mesh well and there were way too many onions. DC got the garden salad, which was ENORMOUS, but in an awkwardly shaped bowl with thick dressing. 
For dinner, I ordered the seafood pad kraprao. Nothing stellar to report- the seafood was limp, the sauce a bit cloying, and there were no veggies. DC got the crab pad thai which was easily the best dish of the evening. It was well-seasoned and the noodles were perfectly cooked. 
If I find myself in Manayunk, I would go back to Chabaa for its pad thai and rice dishes. But I'm not going to make a special trip out of my way, especially when Cafe de Laos is so close and so good.Nice food, great wait staff and cute atmosphere 
BYOB
Next door they sell take out type food as wellI had high expectations for Chabaa after hearing great things. We started with the Satay Chicken and enjoyed the tender meat on the four skewers. I ordered the Gaeng Keaw Wan (Green Curry) with Chicken and, while I liked the flavor, found that the curry a little too thick and that there were not as many vegetables as I would have liked. I got to sample the Gaeng Dang (Red Curry) and the Pad Krapao (Spicy Basil), both of which were good. Across all dishes, there was a distinct spice level that some people might find too strong. We finished dinner with a Chocolate Mousse to go, which was good, but not amazing. Overall, it's a good spot for a meal if you're in Manayunk, but not worth a special trip from Center City in my opinion.Consistently okay. I actually order from here quite often and every time I basically regret it- there's just no good thai places around here. I've tried most of their curries, soups, as well as the crazy noodles. I like the green curry but they tend to put in entire vegetables (whole broccoli heads) instead of cutting them smaller which kinda ruins it for me. Also, their dishes are inconsistently spiced in that sometimes when I receive it it's very spicy (yum) yet other times there will be no spice at all. Mostly your average thai food that is significantly overpriced.Good food but a little overpriced.they charge u 3 bucks for a little bowl of ride which prob cost them 1 cent. I would give it 4 stars but the 3 dollar bowl of rice took away from the overall experienceFood and service was great. Was not a fan of the BYOB but the food made up for the inconvenience.They have good menu options, but I agree it's a lot more expensive than NYC. I've had better Thai food for a much lower price.I was very much looking forward to dinner here. My first impression of the restaurant was that it was a bit shabby. We ate upstairs and the carpet on the stairs was worn and torn. I hate to see that in a restaurant because I immediately think of the kitchens and if they're in disrepair too.
However, we did have a lovely window seat. We started with the chicken satay which was delicious. Nicely grilled and served with a refreshing cucumber salad on the side. The sauce was very coconut-y which I loved.
For my entree I decided to get the scallop pad Thai. I don't normally get pad Thai but since they had several options, I figured it might be a specialty for them. The peanut-crusted scallops were enormous and tasty. The breading didn't stick to them very well once they were cut but I suppose that's not a big deal. The noodles were good, plenty of tamarind flavor. I just wasn't blown away. T got the Panang Special which was almost like a Thai pot roast and was AMAZING. The beef was tender and the curry sauce was to die for. So perhaps I just ordered wrong and if I'd gone with something a little more exotic, I would have enjoyed it more.
Service was great and it was BYOB. However, there is a corking fee which I don't really appreciate. I would certainly come back here and try something else but my first experience was a little meh.Been here few times and its pretty good.  That is, if you could get seating on the second floor.  During our recent visit, there was an event going on and we had to sit on the first floor. When we got there, we were the only ones there, so it wasn't bad.  But, as the evening wore on, the tables around us started filling up and got somewhat noisy.  Plus, being right by the door, there were a lot of foot traffic.  Each time someone walked by, our table shook.  
ok, that being said.  The food is always top notch here.
I've had their green and red curry on prior trips and were very satisfying.
Usually I don't get appetizers.  But, this last time, I got the Salmon Tom Kah Bowl.  And! the stupid me read the description wrong.  I was feeling pretty good, thinking I ordered a salad for once.  Until, our server brought the dish.  Boy was it big!  I wished I had ordered the cup us just had that as my entree meal.  By no means though that I was ready to share it with someone.  My friend ordered the chicken satay and loved it.  But, I thought 4 skewers for $9 was pretty pricy.
For entree, I got the Panang Curry Chicken - extra spicy.  I had got Tom Kah extra spicy as well.  So, halfway through the meal, my taste buds were begging for mercy and pleaded I call the fire brigade.  It was so bad, I couldn't even decipher the taste difference between the tom kah and panang curry.  AND, I'm indian.  I can take heat and spicy.  ALL IN ALL, I was completely and utterly satisfied.
My friend on the other hand, got his red curry minimally spicy.  So, I spent a good 10min making fun of him for chickening out.
I think their style of serving entree in a bowl with rice on the side is pretty cool.  Cause, you get a bigger portion.
Our server was very attentive and didn't have the problem some of the previous reviewers had.
Weather being, they have outdoor seating available as well.  But, manyunk main street sees a huge foot traffic.  So, if you don't mind eating in that setting, do arrive early.  By the time we got there, all the tables were occupied.
Over all, Chabaa comes pretty close to thai orchid in blue bell and chianmai in conshohocken.  Although the later have much better ambiance.  They only have the one type.  But, at Chabaa, you an option of upstairs, first floor, and outdoors.  Plus, you're on mainstreet.The website said nothing of the fact that it's temporarily located in Yanako--its sister Japanese restaurant--with a "limited" menu.  And they didn't mention it either when I called to make a reservation for that night. It's almost like they wanted to trick us into eating there.  We walked out.I ordered delivery from Chabaa Thai frequently during the summer, and was worried when I logged into Grubhub and found that the restaurant was no longer listed. I read the latest review about it being closed -- was the only palatable Thai place near the Main Line done for? 
For anyone else wondering, the current restaurant is closed but Chabaa Thai isn't going very far. They're relocating to a double-wide space on Manayunk's Main Street, with plans to re-open the restaurant with an attached quick-service market in early 2015. Very relieved to hear that I'll be able to get my Panang fix again soon. Great curries, with decent (if not blisteringly authentic) Thai spice levels -- my only complaint is that Chabaa Thai doesn't offer a Massaman curry. 
Philly.com has the details on the move: http://www.philly.com/philly/blogs/the-insider/Chabaa-Thai-moving-down-the-street-in-Manayunk.html.Ive tried most of the menu, but the Gaeng Dang and the Koong Ob Woonsen are EXCELLENT. The appetizers and desserts are really delicious ! The atmosphere is very relaxing. Good service as well. Highly recommended!!Spicy beef panang had me dripping sweat but it was worth it. Good thing it was a Monday night and no one really noticed. This place packs spice in everything but they have less spicier options if your not into spicy food. The iced coffee is excellent. Overall it's a great Thai spot that doesn't disappoint.Had a wonderful meal at Chabaa....the scallop pad thai was fantastic! loved the coconut ice cream and sticky rice. Service was attentive, but not intrusive. Definitely a great go to spot!Best Thai food I've ever had. Delicious flavor and packed with fresh veggies and top of the line meats.Food's good. They had me at "pineapple".  
Service is ok. 
Sitting outside is unfortunate. Manayunk - we aren't in Europe...your cafes aren't equipped with proper outside seating. Get a clue. It sucks to be right in the traffic flow, or to have someone's dog all up in your business when you're trying to enjoy your pad thai. Sit inside, friends.love it. red curry, thai iced coffee, pad thai, pad kee mao. spice is right. service is great.Love Chabaa.  Excellent Thai food, lots of vegetarian options, and reasonable prices.Came here on a Friday afternoon and it was empty. Just one waitress to what we could see. She wasn't very welcoming or smiley. She took forever to serve us and when she did she just took our appetizers. There was a miscommunication where she put in a order of egg rolls for each of us... 5! When we only wanted 1. And she wasn't accommodating when that happened and expected us to take and pay for the orders. The food was mediocre and I ordered the crispy duck which was bland. And the person that ordered the eggrolls her chicken pad Thai was undercooked so we gave it back and had to wait. The waitress was not attentive to us at all. Even though the experience was bad, they gave us a free mango sticky rice. But overall, would not go back due to service and mediocre food.We came on a Wednesday to celebrate a new job. The first thing we noticed was the beautiful, open ambiance. I was a bit skeptical because of some of the negative reviews regarding service, yet we were promptly and early greeted and were treated very well the rest of the night. The food was delicious yet not the best pad Thai I've had .. and the price point was a bit higher as well. The crispy duck was deep fried and delicious! And not at all dry ( which I fearfully imagined fried duck to be). Jen ordered the pineapple fried rice with shrimp and she felt similarly about her dish. Portions were on the smaller side as well but because of the ambiance and service we received we'd be back - especially if we had a larger groupAlright all, I made a mistake. I can admit it when I'm wrong....sometimes. Chabaa Thai is great! I went for a nice dinner with friends and had one of the most delicious thai meals ever! I love that it's a byo, and the food is really good. I had the bun appetizer, and the panang curry bowl (it was just spicy enough for me). The interior is great. This is not a good spot for takeout but it is a great spot for a nice meal with friends or a date.Had a great Thai food around here.  The ambience is good.  Service is cool,  not sure how it'd be during peak hours. Ordered pad thai,  got an exquisite variety of veggies and impressed.  Left me craving for more noodles. Visit if you're a fan of thai.The pineapple and shrimp fried rice was amazing! The service was quick and entertaining. My boyfriend got the crazy noodles which was yummy. All good!Delicious upscale Thai, but be prepared to pay a little extra. I love Thai basics like green curry and Pad Thai, but I don't really feel the need to pay $17-$20 for them. With that said, if you like fusion dishes and tasty, dainty appetizers, this is the place for you.Strictly average Thai food in the heart of Manayunk. Considering the fact that Main Street has some excellent food options, our experience at Chabaa turned out to be a disappointment. Unfortunately, most of our orders were either served cold or lukewarm. Some of the food was pretty good - pineapple Turmeric Fried Rice, red Curry and pad kra prao stood out from the rest. However,it did seem like the food was not prepared from scratch, just heated and served straight out of the microwave! 
I must give a shout out to the presentation though! The plates make for pretty pictures.Absolute favorite Thai restaurant; BYOB and amazing staff! Highly recommend if you're in Manayunk.Thai that is to die for!
Great Thai food. We ordered a chicken skewer appetizer that was good. 
Been to other places, but this place served amazing curry. I got the red curry and my wife got the green curry. 
My red curry had some heat to it and my wife's was more mild. 
She got a chicken curry and I got the beef. 
Definitely pleased with the portions we received.Chabnaa thai is extremely popular so be sure to make a reservation. You can bring your own booze which is great.  It's moderately priced and very delicious. I highly recommend the fresh spring rolls. They often sell out of them. Pad thai is very good and you ask them to up the spice level for you.I've only been out to Manayunk a handful of times but this is the best Thai place there! SUPER YUMMMM! Sat outside on a beautiful summer evening and I had pad Thai (my favorite). The service was good and the food was even better. Loved it =]I have lived in the Philadelphia area for about 10 years now, and it was my first time driving beyond the Restaurant Depot at the very tip of the Ridge Ave, so my eyes were wandering around alot while looking for Chabaa.
So I know nothing about Thai food. I can say for sure is that I have gone to a bunch of Thai restaurants and I have enjoyed all of those places. This also applies to Chabaa... I believe.
I went to Chabaa for a Friday lunch around 1pm with my friend to welcome him back to Philadelphia after a long time of not visiting me. When I walked in, it was a bit dark, but very cozy looking with cute decors. There was another table occupied, and I wanted some privacy so I asked if the 2nd floor was available, but nope; I hope to go up there one day.
As for the food-- We ordered the crispy spring rolls; I thought they were small, but satisfactory with the chili sauce. My friend ordered the kao pad with beef, which looked pretty delicious, and it was actually delicious [duh] when I tried some. I ordered the green curry with beef. I thought it was rightfully spicy! The only disappointment would be that in that deep bowl, beef was sparse, and not too much rice. I didn't end up finishing the meal, but that was only because I had something earlier.
Service-- The waiter was a very pleasant looking guy who seemed quiet, not too enthusiastic; he came around one time to make sure everything was okay.
Overall, for the price I paid for, four star-- I could have gotten a totally fattening cheesesteak at Geno's or something, but the atmosphere and the spiciness made up for it.Overall, I had a good experience here with my family. Service was very professional and friendly at the same time. The food itself and its presentation was more than satisfactory, but at one time my sister was handed an unclean plate for the main course. Our server quickly replaced it once that was pointed out to her and we had no further problems. The only item I would not suggest placing an order for would have to be a soup because it was  served cold and was bland when delivered. Everything else was perfect, making it, so far, one of the best Thai restaurants I've visited in the Philadelphia area.Let me just say that everything here tastes good.  I don't know if it's because it took me 30 mins to park that inflated my appetite or because they make really tasty food but doesn't matter to me.  It's happened to me twice so I think it's the later.  We ordered the duck pad thai.. awesome!  We ordered the sampler.. awesome!  We ordered the green curry.. bit spicy.. but awesome!  Okay so I don't give 5 stars unless it's mind blowing but this place came really close to getting one.  The waitress there offered us some nice tea to start.. I thought that was a nice touch.  Go and enjoy.I went here this past weekend for a friends birthday. There were about 10 of us and we were seated comfortably in the front of the restaurant about 20 minutes after our actual reservation time. 
We ended up bringing a ton of wine (like 6 bottles!), luckily they only charge $5 corkage fee for 2 or more bottles. 
I ordered the red curry. Everyone else pretty much ordered a curry or the pad thai. The curry came out in a HUGE bowl which made me happy, however they only give you a small amount of rice to go with it (ensuring you pay for an extra side of rice to actually have enough to finish your meal). I will say though it was delicious and spicy! One of my friends ordered the scallop pad thai and he said it was awesome. The only complaint was another friend of mine got the green curry...I also tasted it and it was overpowered by one particular spice (not sure what it was) but it completely killed the dish. 
Overall a great place, a bit on the expensive side though. Our server was very nice too :)Just returned and this is the 1st review I have ever written. I ordered an app that was not available and opted for the papaya salad. It was small but decent. I had soup with tofu. The tofu had an off taste. when the bill arrived I noticed that the charge for my salad was $7. not $5. as listed on the menu. I questioned the waitress and she told me that she had opted to make it larger as she thought I might want to share it. I asked if there were two prices/two sizes and she said no. I told her that I thought the restaurant should charge the price that was listed and not make decisions for people without informing them and giving them the choice. She took $2. off my bill. I have been a cook at some good restaurants and have eaten out A LOT. I have never had, nor have I ever heard of such a thing. My son's pad thai was not good. The oil was old. My son has waited tables in a lot of restaurants and he said when the house makes a mistake, (which this was not it was a decision they made)they take the charge off the bill. Even before the $2. we were not coming back. Now we are telling everybody we know that they are underhanded as well.I really really LOVE this restaurent.  Its a great BYOB.  The only reason I am giving it 4 stars is because of the wait I had there the other night.Fantastic food, wonderful staff!  Loved the curry, the conversation with wonderful people (both staff and other diners) just a fantastic place.  Don't miss.I happened to be in Manayunk visiting one of my oldest friends when we had lunch at this little Thai place. Very good/authentic Thai food - just like I had in Thailand. Only here I didn't get food poisoning like in did in Bangkok - Always a plus!This place is like a beautiful Thai taste explosion in your mouth. Both inventive and playful in their cuisine, you can tell the chef has nothing but pure love and devotion to the craft. Their specials are amazingly diverse and just as mindful and creative as their regular menu. Their plating is a gorgeous array of flowers, cut fruits, and carefully placed food. If you are not so sure about Thai food this is a wonderful place to start. The servers will guide you based on your specific tastes and are absolutely knowledgable and super eager to help you with everything they plate. The BYOB doesn't hurt either!
Not being one for curry, I wanted to branch out and leave my comfort zone and I am absolutely glad that I did. Their Panang curry is warm, inviting, and full of rich flavors and you cannot go wrong with any of the choices of meats to fill your bowl with. The Pad Thai is a rare treat when you place the addition of spiciness and a sprinkle of crispy duck. (I want to go back just thinking about it!)
This is a rare cultural gem and if you are searching for something different with supremely rich and flavorful foods try this place and I know you will not be disappointed!Good solid food, price OK, service good as well; I would eat there again.I had dined here on multiple occasions and found it rather enjoyable, however, my latest dining experience was rather displeasing. We were seated at 7pm and the food was good, not quite delicious, just good. We paid our check around 8pm but we were still finishing up our wine when someone approached us and stated that there was another reservation for our table to which we were asked to leave. I felt the staff was rather unprofessional in that aspect. Our reservation was for 7pm, in which we were on time, resulting in only an hour of time allotted for our dinner. Furthermore, it seems myself and another in my dining party have contracted food poisoning from the meal. The two of us split a salad and the mango shrimp entree, it was most likely the shrimp, and we have unfortunately experienced rather upset stomachs all day. My previous Chabaa experiences were good, however this last experience was perhaps one of my worst nights dining out.The best Pad Thai in Philadelphia.  This place is small, quaint and very popular so you'll need to make reservations.  Sometimes there's a delay before you're seated, but well worth the wait.   Nice place for a first date.This place has the best Thai food and the atmosphere is great.  I have gone here with large groups as well and they are very accommodating.  Their crispy rolls are delicious and their red and green curry with beef is amazing!  I highly recommend going here!!I wasn't the biggest fan of thai food when I came here, but that was a great experience. We had great service. Our waiter was extremely knowledgable and helpful in making our decision. Try the green curry. The atmosphere is cozy and feels like a modern resteraunt that tries to give you an authentic cuisine. Will definitely be back.I've lived in Manayunk for 4 years and Chaaba has been my favorite restaurant consistantly. Waitstaff is great. BYOB is amazing. Curry dishes are phenominal. Soups are lovely. Nothing greasy about this meal. Jasmine Rice is off the hook. I would recommend anyone who wants to try Thai food for the first time to go here... just be warned, you might cry or have a runny nose after eating their spicy food.Best Thai place I've ever been to. If you have a peanut allergy, don't come here. I asked her if the red curry had any peanut in it and she said no. I'm having a huge reaction this morning. Luckily I don't have a severe allergy.Solid Thai place. As my friend described it, the flavors here are more mild-- not as colorful as the usual thai flavors. However, this was a nice surprise for my two friends and I who dined on a Tuesday night.
The place was pretty crowded, but there were still available seats. The service, though, was SO SLOW. We arrived around 6:30 and had to leave by 7:50. By 7:40 PM, our entrees had JUST arrived, despite putting in our order an hour beforehand. There were others that had come later than us, and received their orders earlier, so I'm not sure if what we ordered just took more time or there was an issue in the kitchen.
The pad Thai here is REALLY GOOD. We ordered the pad Thai, a mild soup, and a seafood hot pot. The seafood hot pot is definitely recommended! It is a very refreshing soup and will leave you feeling good.
Portions here are also pretty small!My favorite dish here is the king crab fried rice. I have tried other dishes but they tend to over decorate the plates with flowers. The king fried rice is simple and not over decorated and good. They also allow you to Byob. I go here often. Its very cramped downstairs, but if its nice outside, I recommend eating outsideThis is a nice thai restaurant.  Pretty authentic.  I've had the thai fried rice, green curry, and pad thai.  no major deficits really.  This is where I usually get Thai food when I'm in Philly.I ordered the Thai iced tea and chicken penang. The curry was delicious and creamy, but their veggies of choice were off (ie. peas, green peppers). The iced tea was delicious. The food here was great but a tad overpriced for dinner. I ended up paying around $20.i love Chabaa and it will always hold a place in my heart.  the portions are large, the atmosphere and decor leave nothing to be desired, and the staff is super talented and friendly. 
Chabaa is BYO, so expect to pay a service fee.  I highly recommend the pad thai, thai iced tea, panang special, and pretty much any of the appetizers.  spicy basil fried rice is another favorite.  and the pineapple fried rice! how could i forget!
if they have the mango sticky rice dessert, then get it, because it is awesome!  i have never been to Thailand, but i guarantee that Chabaa is as close as it gets to authentic Thai food (albeit in America). 
if you are disappointed in Chabaa, it is almost certainly your fault.  One of my favorite places, hands down.Crazy Noodle Beef from Chabaa Thai = Pure Heaven......thanks Philly friends!Myself and some hipster doofus I like to call " my boyfriend" went here for a night out on the town. I got the Panang Curry and he got the Seafood soup.. not only was it DELICIOUS but it looked great too! We also ordered a banana desert which left me feeling light and airy on a sunday afternoon. The waitstaff was attentive and very kind. The only drawback was that us silly weasels forgot to bring a bottle of wine so we could get buck.  Expect us back CHAABA... keep it real...
one love.A couple months back I just happened to be in the area for the bike races and decided that it was about time I check out Chabaa bc I've heard so many good things about it. We ended up getting the Crispy Duck Pad Thai and Chicken Massamaan. OMG I LOVED it. Every bite was just absolutely amazing. 
For sure one of the best Thai restaurants in the Philadelphia area. Take me back take me back!My favorite BYOB in Philadelphia!  Great food, great ambiance, great service.Love the food, service and atmosphere! Been here many times on dates with my husband and with my friends...great time by all.2.5*. After all of these years in Manayunk, I decided to finally try Chabaa, and I have to say I was underwhelmed. 
First, the upside:
1) the food - creative menu where you'll find dishes distinct from other Thai restaurants. The lump crab meat pad thai sounded delicious. I decided to go with the Po Tek, a spicy seafood hotpot. It was really tasty and loaded with huge shrimp, scallops, and calamari. The spring roll appetizer was also really good. 
Downsides:
1) the prices - the price point here is pretty high, but what I found outrageous was when the waitress asked me if I wanted rice with my soup, I said yes, I was brought a small bowl with an ice-cream-scoop-sized ball of rice, and then I found it on my bill for $3. That must be like a 15x or more markup. Not cool. She should have at least made it clear that it wasn't included. 
2) service - the waitress was not really that pleasant. She made no effort to smile and barely responded when we thanked her for clearing plates or refilling water. That said, otherwise she was fine. It's just that at this price (we paid about $45 for lunch for two), I'd expect better service. 
3) the decor - everything looks quite worn. The carpet going up the stairs is threadbare, the tables are chipped, etc. It's hard to believe that the same people who own the gorgeous Yanako own Chabaa. 
Manayunk has become quite a competitive food scene, so I think that Chabaa needs catch up with the rest of the places on Main St. I really wanted to like it, but not sure I will be back.Food is undoubtedly good here, especially their basil fried rice,  would definitely suggest to have a better Togo service though.Best Thai I've had in Philly (best Thai I've had is still in NY)
The waitress was great and fun!
The place is nestled in a cute little village with surrounding bars 
Can't wait to go back to the area!This was actually my first time having thai food. Thankfully it was a great experience. Our waiter was Kamen and he was awesome. The food was great too. We ate outside this time but we plan on coming back to eat inside for dinner.I got take-out.. and based on the take-out job, I most likely will not be returning as there are other thai restaurants that are just as good (if not better) that deliver and a better job overall.  
A.  The rice was hard.
B.  The beef panang - though the meat was really tender, it was the sloppiest panang I have ever seen. Menu description said it had peas and carrots.  There were no carrots at all and 5 peas.  And it was all watery.
C.  No silverware or napkins.  It ended up working out because we decided to go back home, but the other option was to bring it back to Starbucks.
So based on the take-out quality, I am assuming dine in quality isn't that much better.  I would give it a try, but definitely do not get take out.  And when you get take out, they don't give you those little candies :(  It's like getting take-out Chinese with no fortune cookies.  You also don't get an orchid. 
The hostess there was really really nice though.
Although take-out experience wasn't the best, I would definitely give fine in a try.  I only got take out because it was packed - which Is always a good sign .  Definitely a potential 4 star!This is the best Thai food in Philly. My fiancee and I love to pick up a bottle of wine and share a meal here.This place is phenomenal. I went for the first time a few weeks ago and loved it. Everything I had was good (I got the spring rolls and crispy duck pad thai). It really was the best thai food I've ever had.
Definitely a great place to go for dinner. It's BYOB (so don't forget your wine) and it's a nice, cozy atmosphere to bring a date. 
I did think it was a little expensive, but after eating the food, I definitely thought it was worth it.Came here on a sunday afternoon and it wasn't too busy.  The food was great and the service was good as well.  I ordered the sampler and was a little disappointed at the satay chicken, I've had better, but the spring rolls was good.  Their pad thai is good and I had the red curry which I thought was great it was really spicy and just to my taste.  Their thai tea was really good too, definitely must have.Hands down the most consistently good Thai food in the area! The pad Thai and crazy noodles are two of my absolute favorites. And one of the few BYOs on Main Street doesn't hurt!This place is amazing! I went here on my birthday and the waitress was so nice and funny! She really made us feel right at home.
I ordered the spring rolls, which were so amazing I ordered another round of them! I also got the pad thai noodles which were so delicious!! I would absolutely come back and order again! It's also great that the restaurant is BYOB!!This is my favorite Thai place in the area. Delicious food, great service for a great price!The decor was average and the waitress chose to seat us at a table directly next to another couple when the entire upstairs was empty.
The menu had good choices, however I was not feeling adventurous so we opted for the spring rolls as an appetizer and both got the chicken Pad Thai for the main course. The pricing was on the high side (17) for chicken Pad Thai. Several of our other favorite Thai restaurants in Fairmount and center city are within the 12-15 range so we hoped it would blow us away. 
The spring rolls were very flavorful, however when the meal came we were not as impressed. It was presented nicely, however was not as flavorful as we hoped, especially for the price.
Another thing that annoyed us was the $3 corking fee. 
Overall we were happy that we gave it a try, but will stick to our favorite Thai places in the city in the future.Walking into this Thai find I knew I was going to have a great experience; there was a "People like us on Yelp!" sticker =) 
My friend who lives a few blocks away heard such great things about this place but never tried it out so we ventured out on a ladies dinner night here.  It is a huge plus when 4 ladies who love to talk and can sit at a table for hours find a great restaurant that is BYOB - saves us much money!  
The decor was awesome with vibrant, warm colors including thick red-orange curtains and a ton of chinese lanterns.  The space was not that large but the way the tables were set up was intimate enough and not too crowded.  There were 2 levels and we sat on the 2nd level by a window looking right out to the street which was a nice backdrop.  
We had the sample appetizer platter to start and it was not that big, not enough for 4 of us but it was delicious.  However, this did leave room for amazing dessert!
For dinner I went with my staple Thai dish of Shrimp fried rice, jasmine rice of course.  The portion was perfect and everything was so fresh and delicious.  I could eat this dish each and every meal of each and every day for an entire year if needed. So Yummo!  
And for dessert we all shared some of the coconut ice cream and all I can think of to explain it was silk heavenly ribbons of amazingness delivered in an actual coconut shell.  It was so creamy and tasty! 
Overall this was an awesome dinner with some awesome friends, a GREAT find!solid tasty but very overpriced and somewhat pretentiously presented thai foodI love Chabaa Thai and go here as often as I can.  My boyfriend and I forgot to make reservations for Valentine's Day, so instead of getting pushed off to Mango Moon like we were last year (nowhere near as good), we opted to get takeout and it was delicious.  I did miss the atmosphere, and food is never as good out of a takeout container as it is plated in a restaurant, but it was still incredible.  We ordered spring rolls, scallop pad thai (I get this every time) and duck pad thai.  All great.  All told, it was around $45.  I tipped generously bc it was a busy night and I appreciated that, even though we didn't have a reservation, we were still able to enjoy our favorite restaurant in Manayunk!Went here during Manayunk's Restaurant Week.  BEST Thai salad I've ever had.  Frankly best salad ever.  Service was nice.  Presentation of food was beautiful (there was an orchid on my mango shrimp!).  I cannot wait to return.I normally do not like to leave bad reviews on restaurants but I was so disappointed in my meal. I ordered the crispy mango pineapple shrimp for $23. 
1. There were only 3 shrimp that were soggy when they came. I did not 
2. There was no pineapple in the meal
3. The mango was not ripe at all and was cut into 1 centimeter cubes with maybe 5 little pieces
4. The veggies were extremely undercooked
I'm just confused on what happened to my meal. I definitely will not be ordering again after receiving such a distasteful order. 
I did like the sampler appetizer that I ordered. That's the only reason this review is getting 2 stars.I wanted to love Chabaa so much. When I looked at the menu, I thought it sounded great. When I walked into the place, I thought it looked so cool. I couldn't wait, I thought it would be great. When my server greeted me, she was so sweet and did a good job serving me, I thought it would be so great. I ordered one of the specials, which was a game fish wrapped in banana leaf with peppers and onions, mushrooms, baby corn and rice with a sweet and sour chili-lime sauce.
Then I tasted it.
And it tasted like what can only be described as the food equivalent of water. Evereything but the chili-lime sauce was completely tasteless and bland, not to mention cold the minute it hit the table.
I was very disappointed, but I still see the potential and hope to one day return and be swayed to a positive review.Don't panic. This location is closed, but they are temporarily at Yanako (same owner), only a little bit up the street, while they wait to move to the new location. The Chabaa phone number remains the same.
After a few years, this place has been exceeding our expectations. They deserve the new review. Still a little pricey for an average person like me, but once in a while I like coming here to splurge. That said, the pricing is comparable to most places on Main Street so that's not putting them down, but highlighting how frugal I am. Glad they're moving to the bigger location up the street and can't wait for the grand opening.I love the pineapple fried jasmine rice (with choice of meat) here, could perhaps be my favorite Thai dish.  My finance loves the pad thai, but I find it ok.  Overall very good Thai food.   Even my mom that doesn't like Thai all that much thought this place was pretty good.  Only complaint is seating downstairs is kindof cramped with people coming in and out and waiting for a table, so hopefully you get seated in the upstair tables.I really, really, really love this place.  I've been here many times and I've never left unsatisfied.   I love their red curry, perfect amount of spices and vegetables and exceptional flavor.  Extra points for having those cute little mushrooms in the curry.I called for take out and no one answered. I literally called 20x until someone answered. The takeout is picked up from the market next door, everyone was polite. A reasonable 20 min wait and it was on time. 
The green curry is DELICIOUS. Crab pad Thai was ok.It is one of the best Thai food places in the Philadelphia area. They food is pretty reasonable. They price it differently depending on what you want to add with the dish, I.e. Tofu, chicken, shrimp, or seafood. 
The portion sizes are pretty decent that you may have leftovers to take home. They are located in a great area with outdoor seating as well.  The interior decor is beautiful, especially the second floor. 
Parking can be difficult or expensive depending on which nights. There is street parking or you can also parking in the lots for evening rates.
They are BYOB, so bring a bottle of wine ( they do charge for opening the bottle) or bottles of beer.Good food, relaxing atmosphere, welcoming and attentive staff. We enjoyed both of our dishes, exchanged jokes and pleasantries with staff. Great date night location. Can get a little noisy when crowded, as its on smaller sideI am a little bit obsessed with this place and I think it's probably one of the best Thai restaurants in philly.  To start, their fresh spring rolls are quite amazing and are filled with shrimp, cilantro, and mint...what a great flavor combo.  The three curry flavors (red, green, and panang) are all good but  I am a sucker for the red; it has the perfect balance between sweet and spicy.  The spicy basil with chicken is also an excellent choice.  The only downfall is that it only comes with bell peppers and onions, it could use a better variety of vegetables.  The pad thai options are also a good recommendation, especially the crab pad thai which is a nice twist on a somewhat "ordinary" thai dish.  The place is small so reservations are a MUST on the weekends. The waitstaff and employees are SUPER friendly so be patient if there is a long wait...it is well worth it!Located along the winding expanse of Manayunk's Main Street, lies a delicious restaurant, Chabaa Thai Bistro.
At first glance, the restaurant appears rather quaint, but the beautiful dcor and pleasant aromas compensate, preparing you for a nice time. Whether one is a Thai connoisseur or novice to the cuisine, Chabaa is likely to satisfy.
What excited me the most about this restaurant was their menu. It featured many dishes I have never seen at a Thai restaurant. Specifically, I was happy to see that, not one, not two, but seven different types of Pad Thai were served. Salmon, Crispy Duck, Crab, and Scallop Pad Thai? I started to wonder what rock I was living under to not know such creations existed! However, I did not partake of either one. I chose a dinner special, knowing the other dishes would be there for my next visit (which will be soon!)
For an appetizer, I had the Fried Tofu, large pieces of crunchy tofu accompanied with a sweet sauce, topped with peanuts. Though fried, this was not too heavy, and the sweet and sour sauce was addictive.
For my entre, I had the Rad Nar Seafood. It was delicious. Served in a small pot, this dish had an abundance of seafood: mussels, shrimp, scallops, prawn, etc. Mixed in were wild rice noodles and fresh vegetables, all in a tasty thin gravy sauce.
Just when I thought I had enough, we were asked about dessert. I had the Mango Sticky Rice. I was told that this was a very popular, traditional Thai dessert. Words cannot describe how indulgent it was, so I'll leave it for you to try! If you're a fan of rice pudding, I highly recommend it.
I loved the setting, I loved the food, and I loved the service. Give Chabaa Thai a try.Incredible.  I live in the Washington, DC area, where you can't swing a dead cat without hitting a Thai restaurant, so I'm a bit spoiled.  The owner, Moon,  who comes out to talk to every table if she's in, was even a bit intimidated when I said where I'm visiting from.  
Although it seemed a bit pricy compared to what I'm used to, it was well worth it.  The food was incredible, and I'd go again in a heartbeat.  It was probably the best duck curry I've ever had, and it was served in a unique way.  Appetizers were good, including some sort of Thai sausage that I've never seen before.  Dessert was a coconut pudding that came out wonderful, and was a great substitute for the fruit ice creams that we had ordered, but they were unfortunately out of that night.
As a note, some Thai restaurants don't spice things up enough for non-Thai folks, but Chabaa is not one of them.  You can choose your level of spice, and do not assume that hot will be on the low end of bland.  My curry was at the high end of what I can handle (and I live on Thai, Indian, etc.), yet was still tasty enough that it could have burned my tongue off and I would not have minded.
Service was good, as not only did the owner show up, as noted before, but our server was very low key, yet quite helpful.  We had plenty of requests for him, and he definitely earned his tip by filling all of them.
Overall, if I'm back in the Philly area again, I'll totally head out to Chabaa.
~EEE~Got the curry duck and the spring rolls.  Both were excellent! The presentation of the food was excellent and everything was very fresh.I LOVE their food here!  A great representation of traditional Thai with a Modern twist, friendly service, nice atmosphere, and fantastic food presentation.  Plus being a BYOB helps to keep the prices down for an amazing meal!!!Hands down best thai food in the area, definitely some of the best in the city. You cant beat the prices, the people, and the BYOB. They have always been welcoming and very friendly, and the atmosphere is great.Best Thai food in Philadelphia. Love their pad thai, green curry, and house salad! BYO = the best too. It is good for take out as well which is nice. It is on the pricier side for thai but the portions are huge. Kind of a pain to park if the lot next door is full (as is true for all of main street)BYOB is an initialism meant to stand for "bring your own bottle". For me, It's a little funny when I'm sitting at a table and suddenly my table or another table pulls out a liter of a bag or a purse and staff doesn't mind that you did that. The place have a nice and beautiful decoration although the bad do not have television although that brings us closer to the people that we are having dinner with. 
For my appetizer, I had the Spring Rolls, Thai sweet vegetable chili sauce very crispy and delicious, there were 3 and they were pretty big. 
A had the Pineapple Fried Rice (with shrimp and chicken) ... In a REAL PINEAPPLE!! Yes, the rice was inside of pineapple making this a lovely experience. The portion is not that big as I had in others places, but it had a decent amount of meat both chicken and shrimp, and the curry rice had a good taste, it was cooked to perfection. Both chicken and shrimp were juicy, tender and very yummy. I really recommend the Pineapple Fried Rice, with whatever you want to have it. Is really delicious. 
The staff is great, very efficient, friendly and generous, attentive, and accommodating always seeing that their table has everything they need.I was told by someone that they thought this was the best Thai place in Philly, so my expectations were high.  Plus... I didn't think it could beat Trio (granted, Trio gets bonus points for being a half block away from home).  Anyway, the chicken pad thai was awesome and the service was great!  I think it's a tie for best Thai food I've had in Philly!Chabaa Thai Bistro is decent, but the few times I've been here, I've always felt like it misses the mark when it comes to being a contender for outstanding Thai cuisine.  I will say that the service is supremely friendly and outstanding, and the interior is comfy and nicely decorated... but in the end, the food is definitely catered towards Americanized tastes (read: not spicy) and prices are overinflated for the portion sizes you end up getting.Pros: Food was very well made and tasty. We had the duck special and I tried a fish (Basa) dish that was so fresh and flavorful! The ambiance was lively. Courses were brought out at just the right time. Cons: they weren't very accommodating with our vegetarian friend who wanted the tom yum soup with a vegetable broth. Our waitress ended up charging the bill to one credit card instead of splitting it between two. It was pure luck that we noticed the credit card numbers were the same on both receipts! She was apologetic and all, but that was sloppy! Overall: I'd go back...it was good Thai!We had a party of four on a Friday night and sat outside.  The staff was friendly and very accommodating. We shared a variety of appetizers, which were pretty good, though the papaya salad was a little too hot for the table.  
The entrees were a little on the high side for what they were.  I had the scallops on the Pad Thai that were actually nicely presented but pretty mediocre.  The scallops were too heavily breaded and crusted with peanut, and the inside was overcooked.  The noodles were pretty bland and had gummed together from sitting in the kitchen too long, I guess.  BYOB but there is a corkage fee.I ordered green curry and crab fried rice as delivery and it came on time. The green curry was good, and I appreciated the soft tofu in it. The crab fried rice was presented beautifully and was delicious!Zero stars, absolutely abhorable customer service. Unusual to find such poor service in this foodie town. I love eating out and love the Philly food scene would NEVER recommend this place...I was messaged by the owner (Moon K) In response to this  review. She plans to sue for a fifteen dollar meal that was sent back. She said she'd see me in court & also asked that I be more specific about my experience. So...my 19 year old daughter and her friend had dinner at Chabaa my daughter was not pleased with her meal had one bite and asked if it would be okay to get something different, she was told yes and shorly after told that the policy is, if you send something back you are still expected to pay for it. I called the restaurant and surely they would not budge, police were called, police explained to Moon that she is in the (service industry) and cannot charge for a meal that was not eaten. Moon has decided to sue my daughter (college student) for the price of the meal that she NEVER even ate. Outrageous behavior for a restaurant owner. I thought the idea was to have satisfied (repeat) customers. Guess not...I've been going to chabaa for a number of years. I've tried almost all of their dishes on their menu including the special menu. And I feel confident to make the statement that this is one of the best BYOB restaurants in Philadelphia. The wait staff are like a big family, quick service, great food, and amazing ambience.  A few things I recommend to make the whole eating out at Chabaa more enjoyable. 
1. Make a reservation, especially on friday and saturdays
2. Bring a bottle of wine or 6-pk
3. Order anything you want on the menu, you won't be disappointed. Go check it out and enjoy!I had the classic chicken pad Thai and fried tofu as an entree. I also sampled the different rice options from friends and everything was fantastic! And the prices were fair. 
$5 bottle service was kinda lame since they don't even provide a bucket for your wine.
Only thing about this place is the service. The host is so busy running around she doesn't have time to give waiting patrons any information on availability. But the 45min wait was worth it!When I go to new thai places I always like to taste their pad thai. I just feel like this is a good way to gauge how good a place will be.
My pad thai was good, but nothing ridiculously special. It was well done and flavorful though. I think if I lived in Manayunk I would really like this place. I think I have to come here again, and try another dish to see if just the other dishes are much better... And I know that $22 for a dinner isn't terrible, but I'm used to running to the Thai places in Chinatown that are more in the $12-15 range. But that's just my 2 cents!This restaurant is only getting the two stars because it wasn't aweful.   The ambience is nice with soft jazz playing.  I was looking forward to what I was hoping to be a good Thai dinner.   The food was very blah and was one of the high recommendations from the waitress.  Not coming back.Chabba Thai is hands down my favorite thai establishment. And within the area, it's the best. The ambience there is very romantic, perfect for a date. The staff has always been extremely friendly and knowledgeable about the menu. 
I have tried a few different dishes but always, always, go back to the Green Curry. I have (on several accounts) ate my Green Curry leftovers for breakfast. It's THAT good. 
It's a BYOB which is wonderful, they do charge a corking fee to keep in mind though. I always ask to sit upstairs since the first floor is a little cozy when sitting next to other patrons. Overall, it's a must-go!1st let me say, I eat at lots of thai places all over the country (I travel for work).  We were in Philly and decided to check out this place based on yelp reviews.  The atmosphere is great and service ok.  The thai tea was slightly bitter as if it had been seeped a little too long but was drinkable.  My mate ordered the chicken pad thai which was tasty.  We ordered the sampler appetizer, which was disappointing.  The satay chicken didn't have much flavor (usually there's a peanut sauce or glaze but it seemed missing). The fried tofu was tastless without the dipping sauce.  I felt the batter could have used a flavoring agent to ramp it up.  The chicken dumpling was over breaded and overcooked (slightly burnt) and lacked much flavor too.  The spring rolls were good with the sauce.  
I ordered the chilean sea bass.  The discription didn't seem to match what I got.  All the flavors mentioned were only in a side sauce.  The fish was cold and looked mangled instead of 1 solid piece of fish.  I couldn't eat it so I asked for a different dish (something I never do, but it was not etible).  I got the pineapple fried rice with pork instead and asked for brown rice.  The menu states it's an additional $3 which I was happy to pay.  The waitress mentioned that the only spice used was tumeric in the rice.  She was right, it was tasteless.  I ate it, as I was very hungry by that point, but not happy with the product. 
When I got the check, they charged me for the sea bass instead of the rice dish.  I didn't eat any of the fish, so I questioned the waitress and she told me she'd fix it.  When she returned, she had changed it to the price of the rice dish, but kept the sea bass (im thinking for inventory - so I was ok with that) but then charged me $7 for the brown rice which then brought the total of the pineapple rice dish up to the same price as the sea bass.  I told her that I was willing to pay the additional $3 for the brown rice but not $7.  She explained that it takes twice as much brown rice for that dish, so they needed to charge me twice.  Hmmmm, that would only be $6 not $7 anyways.  Well, I told her that she should have explained that that prior to me ordering it if I would be charged twice as much as it wasn't listed on the menu.  She had it removed from the final bill, however, it was all unnessary.  
I wouldn't recommend this place for thai as I felt the food quality really fell flat.  The service wasn't entirely bad, but the waitress made a few mis-steps.Went BYOB with friends. They charge an unnecessary $3 for bottle service. The only service the waitress did on that part was to twist open the bottle. The food is not so bad, good place for spicy thai food for Manayunk. The seating upstairs has decent decor. If you have to wait I wouldn't recommend this place. Overall the service was okay. Nothing impressive especially if you have to search for parking.Awesome time! Melly L was great; gave us recommendations. Beautiful food, interior, atmosphere.Probably the best Thai food in the area but you'll probably spend a little more than you want to on Thai.
Brought a bottle of red (why hasn't anyone mentioned the $3 corking fee?) and swung by here with my new roommate for dinner. We were seated and the waitress came by promptly to fill our water glasses and open our wine. My roommate ordered the special: grilled lamb with bell peppers ($23)and I ordered the beef red curry ($15). The waitress asked if i wanted it spicy, I looked up and said "very spicy" -pause- "extra spicy" and I swear I saw the twinkle in the waitress' eyes. Our dishes were presented beautifully and flavorful. Something about their curry felt like silk in your mouth. The spice level made my lips tingle and my nose run (attractive, I know). Since the curry has milk in it, it was not as spicy as my roommate's dish. His was so spicy that Im pretty sure he ate the flower garnish because the waitress couldn't keep his water glass full. We skipped out on dessert and they gave us some ginger candies with the bill. yeah it sounds nasty but it was actually tasty and settled the tingly sensation from dinner. I'd definatly come back. . . anyone up for some Thai?Best Thai I've had in years. Tom Yom Soup was delicious - fragrant, sour and spicy - the shrimp paste aroma a little bit too strong and chicken pieces too dry and big but those are such minor quibbles. Green Curry with Beef was a thicker curry than I've had, but so flavorful! Beef was juicier than meat typically is in a curry - usually the meat is dry but is redeemed by the curry. An enormously satisfying dish. And my wife's Vegetable Pad Thai was perfect - a balance between noodles, sprouts and vegetables. Sweet and diverse and crunchy and soft. I wish that Bucks County had anything near this good as I'm never in Manayunk.We met a group of friends for dinner on a packed night. Unfortunately, our experience suffered from it - at least I hope that was the justification. Our groups food arrived at odd times; some where half-way through their entrees while others hadn't even received their appetizers. My food was dry, and seemed rushed in it's preparation, save for a nice plating of vegetables and fruit, topped with an orchid. The staff's unapologetic and dismissive demeanor was the proverbial straw.
Again, based upon some of the other reviews, I'm inclined to believe that this was an anamoly, but I'm unlikely to go there again to test the theory.Chabaa Thai is by far the best Thai I've ever had ANYWHERE. They've ruined Thai food for me from anywhere else, because it never comes close to the food here.
The Panang Curry at Chabaa has one of the most comforting flavors. With every bit, the warm spices and soothing coconut milk wrap around you like a soft blanket. I've never tasted anything like this...it makes you feel so good and is absolutely delicious.
The Panang Curry is one of my favorite dishes here, but the other is the Crazy Noodles with tofu. The combo of wide rice noodles, veggies, and firm tofu is like a party in your mouth :) The texture of this dish feels really good on the tongue, and the combination of the ingredients and sauce creates an amazingly satisfying flavor....I wish my stomach could handle 3 dishes of it!
For dessert, they have a really good coconut ice cream. I don't think it's made in house...but it's really good and refreshing. For those of you in center city looking for good Thai, it's totally worth the trip out to Manayunk. AND it's BYO...doesn't get any better than that!I love the atmosphere, the people, and the food there! 
Their mango sticky rice is amazing.We don't often venture over to Manayunk because its such a pain to park there..  But on the occasion when we are going to a movie at the Main St theater, Chabaa Thai has become our go to place for dinner.
Chabaa Thai has a lot going for it. The upstairs room is nicely decorated with soft lighting and background music.  Food is fresh tasty and well prepared.  Some items we have especially enjoyed at Chabaa Thai are the fresh spring rolls, green curry, and the seafood soup. 
So if you are headed over to Manayunk, I recommend  dinner here. Don't forget to bring your beer or wine, because its BYOB.We had reservations, so we were seated immediately. I found it to be very cozy. We could listen in on the next table conversation. 
Waitress was very attentive and eager to take our dinner order. But since we intended to stay until our fourth byob bottle, we weren't in a rush. We took it slow enough to catch up and dine at our pace.
We placed our order one at a time.
We shared most of our food among us.this gave us the opportunity to try different dishes which always works for us. My favorite was the gaeng Kara wan and the nom tuk waterfall salad. 
 The byob makes it a plus to dine here.I am very split on how I feel about this restaurant. The food was pretty good. The Pad Thai was delicious, but the service was disappointing. Our waitress was not really friendly and only checked on our table once. 6put of 8 of the meals came out and we waited for the other dishes for an additional 20 min. Our food was cold by the time the last plate was served . One of the order were forgotten and so was the apology. 
After we asked for our check, she prompted to tell us they did not , and would not separate the bill. After we added our cards in, she proceeded to tell us she could only split the bill evenly by four. We came with a large group and would have appreciate the heads up. 
Over all, the food is really good, but the service was disappointing and created an atmosphere to match.What can I say, Miss Moon is an amazing chef! Such a sweet woman. I came here for my company's staff dinner since they are our clients. It is cozy, and the service is wonderful. I had the mango shrimp fried rice (don't remember the exact name) and it was amazing! Can't wait to come back!I think this is probably one of my favorite thai restaurants around philly.  They are very vegetarian friendly.  On top of that they are BYOB! They have this special pad thai with extra vegetables in it with baby bok choy I haven't seen this anywhere else yet. For all you brown rice lovers they have this as an additional option instead of white rice as well. Their prices may seem a little steep but bring your appetite and you'll see that this place is well worth your wallet for the quality of food.  Also try to get seating upstairs, it's more intimateYou'll have to take my review with a grain of salt because having grown up in a Thai family and eating a lot of Thai food my whole life, my review is a little more biased than most.
Went to Chabaa a month ago and thought it was OK. I was actually expecting it to be much better than it was from all the positive reviews I've read. 
There are lots of different styles and ways to cook even the most traditional Thai dishes which is why you'll find variations in flavor at different restaurants all depending on what part of Thailand the chef is from. That being said, I thought all the dishes we ordered were good but not mind-blowing for Thai.
Final thoughts...
There are other Thai restaurants in Philadelphia I'd rather go to (Siam Cuisine on Arch St.) but for Manayunk, Chabaa isn't a bad option at all.The food is delicious! Chabaa Thai truly offers an overall great dining experience! The only negative comments I have are that 1. The portions could be larger. And 2. The hostess wasn't too friendly, even after I complimented her on her cute outfit. 
But, my server was terrific. Every time I visit I have good service. The young man who usually waits on me is nice and patient and willing to answer questions. I've liked every meal I have ordered here and the food is well presented.Chabaa Thai has always been my favorite restaurant in Manayunk and I was quite disappointed when the old location shut its doors a few years ago.  But they are back now and the food is still as good as before. As a matter of fact it is exactly the same as before which is a good thing. Highly recommended!This place was super nice and I actually liked that the waitress wasn't breathing down our throats.   This is a nice BYO place that you wouldn't even know you were on the Main Street of manayunk by the inside.  We started out with the appetizers.  We got the spring egg rolls and they were delicious.  We also split the satay chicken. Both were a great choice.  I ordered the scallop pad Thai and the scallops were okay but my noodles were smothered in peanuts.  It made my throat pretty dry.  Also there mangos, carrots, limes, and red peppers in it that didn't really complement the meal I think it was just for aesthetic purposes.  I was disappointed in my meal but I know everyone else enjoyed theirs.I like this place.  It's not amazing or anything.  It's just not bad.  I've gone twice just for lunch.  I ordered the Pad Thai and Coconut Soup one time and I can't remember what it was the second time.  I've had better Pad Thai, if you want an honest review.  Would i go there again?  yes! lol.  The food is pretty good, the waiters are nice, the place looks great, nice neighborhood and it's BYOBChabba is where i take my friends on birthday and out of town visitors, because its THAT good, i want to spread the awesomness. Im a big Pad Thia person, and chabba has the best i have had in philadelphia thus far. I have also tried the duck and green curry which im not usually a big fan of, but i enjoy it this time. The wait staff is also very welcoming and fun, making the experince all the more enjoyable.I love this Thai place. It was the first Thai place i went to when I moved to Roxborough and it is delicious. We went on a quiet night and the staff was very friendly. The service was excellent.Chabaa has a nice variety of Thai food.  I went there a couple times with different friends, as well as my mom.  I was not the biggest fan of their pad thai - the flavors were a bit off in my opinion.  It was more garlicky than anything.  I did really like their duck dish - it was cooked to perfection.  I would also recommend their spring rolls and pastry puff special.  Their curry was also good, but nothing super exciting.  They did serve a small salad with entrees, which was nice.  I am still looking for a better pad thai in Philly for a better price - but this worked while I was living in Manayunk and had a Thai craving.People that really know me know that my love for Thai food is unparalleled by many things in this world. The way that some girls love princess cut diamonds or that guy in the Twilight movies is the way that I love Thai food. Even the Jersey Shore cast's love for tanning beds cannot be rivaled by my love for Thai.
I am thankful that I have discovered this little BYO. While my quest for top-notch Thai food in the city is still prevailing, I take comfort in the fact that I can always go to Chabaa in Manayunk or Chiangmai in Conshy.
I haven't tried as much as I would like to on Chabaa's menu because their red curry is just so damn good. I end up getting it basically every time I'm there. I have tried the crab pad thai which is very yummy though pretty pricey for Thai food (but it's crabmeat so you can expect to pay a little more) and the panang curry which is also excellent. Last time I was there I got to try some of the dinner special that my friend had ordered...it was halibut with mixed veggies and rice and it was wonderful also.  I order their tom kha often as well. It's not the best I've had but still pretty good. 
I hate Manayunk, but I will endure the bumper to bumper traffic on 76, the potentially murderous steep hills, the lack of anything even remotely resembling a parking spot and the plethora of trying-too-hard-to-get-laid Twenty-somethings just to dine at Chabaa.Great wings and samplers for apps. The lamb special was sensationl - the sauce was a combo of flavors that made me oooh and aaahh with each forkful.Went here on a trip to Philadelphia for my sister's birthday. 
Was told I would need reservations, but when we missed ours because of flight delays, there was no problem getting us a table. Loved the whole upstairs/downstairs thing.
Food was all great, nothing amazing, but really please with the rice. 
Thais iced coffee, our favorite, was perfect. Service does take a little while, but you aren't nagged by your waiter which I really appreciate. Don't expect to get in and out easily. 
Desert though was something else! We had the pineapple ice cream and some mango thing. The pineapple came in a little pineapple which was adorable. And the mango thing was delicious, even though it sounded like it wouldn't be.
Overall, wonderful.I came here about two weeks ago after walking past it on Main Street many times. We ordered the Spring Rolls, Panang Curry with Chicken, and the Pad Thai with Shrimp. The spring rolls were very good, and the Panang Curry was very flavorful without being too spicy. The Pad Thai was okay but could have had more flavor. I've had it better at other restaurants. The environment was well-decorated, and it is BYOB. The waitstaff was pretty good, but they could have been a little more attentive considering the restaurant was not very busy.First of all, Thai is one of my favorite cuisines of all time! I love the coconut milk, spices and basil flavoring in their dishes! This is a wonderful date place that I went to with my special person. The interior decor is very cozy and warm. The restaurant puts you completely at ease as soon as you sit down and the service was super friendly!
I had the Panang Curry and a Thai Iced Tea. It was my first time trying both. I tend to shy away from pad thai at Thai places because you can get pad thai pretty much anywhere. So why spend money on something you can cook with a grocery store pad thai sauce and instead, try something new! :o)
My Panang Curry came in a medium sized bowl and immediately you can smell the coconut milk in the dish! It came with white meat chicken and veggies (green peppers, red peppers and onions). At first it's a bit sweet but don't let it sit in your throat because the spicey part hits without a warning lol. Get the Thai Iced Tea if you like something milky and sweet! It goes along perfectly with whatever you're having at the restaurant. Overall, I had a great time here, perfect place with the perfect person :o) This is definitely worth trying out if you're ever in Manayunk!
I give it five stars because I would definitely come here again!!!this place is great!! they have BYOB service and the staff is super friendly!!
i had their duck pad thai, which was delicious!! my girlfriend had their vegetable pad thai, and she loved it.
it was so good we didnt even know that we had finished are entire plates!!
best thai food i have had in a while!The food here was fresh and delicious. The service was great and we didn't think it was too expensive,even for Thai food. We only went here because of Yelp! Reviews. Thanks everyone!