Being within walking distance to this spot is one of the main reasons why I miss living in Bella Vista/Hawthorne. Perfectly designed space, baristas that are the opposite of a lot of Philly douchebag baristas, excellent coffee, and a ton of charm.No matter how crowded it may seem when I've walked through the door, I'm always greeted with a sense of calm.  It's the ease of the service, the mood of the music, the ever changing talents of artwork on the walls, and the soothing coffee drinks.  For serious, I've never been let down by their luscious concoctions.
If you can grab a table or even a comfy chair in one of the middle rooms, you're sure to fall in love with it, too.  And I don't know who the hell controls the music selection in there, but oh my damn...they should be programming their own radio station at this point.  Amen.I was in Philadelphia on a trip, and was looking for a cute coffee house. I must have come on an "art night" (not sure how often a week this happens) because the place was packed. It was about 8pm, there was no place to sit, and barely enough room to move. This is fine, it's an event, you can't rate a place based on that. But... the barista, a twenty-something guy with long hair, was so unpleasant it ruined the whole experience for me. I asked about sandwiches, he said they were all out. Of ALL of them. Okay. I asked about a coffee. He said they didn't make that particular style. No biggie. So I order a plain iced coffee and day-old danish, and as he is ringing me up, I ask about what was going on and if it was always this busy, as this was my first time. He looks at me and shrugs, "I don't know." Seriously? 
He must have made my coffee and placed it on the counter without me knowing, because next thing I know he's making a smoothie. I'm watching him, confused, and we made eye contact several times. It wasn't until he served that smoothie to someone else, he lets me know my coffee is ready. 
I can't rate the coffee shop since it was an off night, and the coffee was decent, but a talk with the staff about courtesy and customer service could go a long way.Went here later in the evening to get some studying done. Cappuccino was a lackluster effort and very bitter. Plenty of room to study though. Not very quiet for an art gallery combo. Don't think I would head back for either the studies or the coffee.Splendid java hole.  Beverages = creative & fun.  Staff = relaxed &  interesting folk.  Can waste a day away reading & surfing here - esp in the back where you feel you are looking out at your own backyard.Great coffee, good food. Wonderful light in all the rooms -- even the basement. My only critique is that it is so popular that it is often hard to find seating later in the day.Dear Chapterhouse,
I dont feel loved or appreciated anymore.  You never smile when you see me.  You don't enjoy making me coffee in the morning like you used, you never put the cute lil java art on the cappucinos anymore... I have found another who smiles and likes to make me coffee, better coffee, with a smile....so long....
Sincerely,
Brew Ultimo's new girlNot a coffee shop for coffee lovers... Lots of flavored mochas lattes and whatnot built on over roasted espresso.  Urban modern hipster vibe inside with typical ambient music.  Interior design is nice. Lots of seating with wifi. If you're into the flavored "coffee" drinks, sandwiches and whatnot (like my wife), this place will be great for you.Excellent location, lovely vibes inside, pleasant happy staff.  Starbucks is fine if you're on the Jersey turnpike, but if you have the choice, go for something a little special and have a cup at the chapterhouse.Great ambience. Adorable dog. Coffee is yummy as is Mexican hot chocolate. Service is great too. Can't think of a single thing I disliked. A longer, less telegraphic review when I'm at a computer stopI'll start by saying this place is over rated on yelp.  
But I absolutely do like coming here.  
For me a coffee shop is mostly about the ambiance than anything.  This is the library of coffee shops.  If you are in grad school, spend your weekend here like me.  Many of the patrons attend jefferson and the rest of us are getting our respective advanced degrees with the help of chatperhouses's free wifi, and caffeine.  
This is not a place to come with your friends to catch up.  There is often one loud awkward table that receives many dirty looks as the rest of us write papers and cram for exams.   
The drinks are a little over priced and it's probably the priciest small coffee in the neighborhood.  The upstairs is comfortable and if you are lucky you can grab one of those bungee cord chairs vs the metal ones in the back room.  If you can't find a table upstairs you must retreat to the dungeon of the basement which will probably help you get more work done as you'll spend less time people watching.  But it's not as friendly feeling with the lack of natural lighting.  
All in all chapterhouse is a great spot to get work done, admire the art on the walls, drink some coffee, people watch, and maybe even play a QUIET game of scrabble.What a great place for great organic coffee. Beats the heck out of Starbucks If you want something a little more trendy, They pour the very best with the best service! You must try it out And will not be disappointed .My husband and I were bombing around Philly in the cold, and we wanted to grab a cup of tea at the Chapterhouse. It looked like a great space. Unfortunately, the owner was the only one there, and he was a little busy, so we weren't able to get served. I'm hoping to try the place again the next time we come to town.This is my new favorite local coffee house! You should check it out too.  It's just a block south of Starbucks. I was very pleasantly surprised by how large it is! I will be back because of the great service, quality of coffee, food and artwork. 
Try the tomato mozzarella and basil sandwich! It is grilled to order. The coffee was great too!I red the raving reviews and hoping to get a decent cappuccino I stopped by. Very disappointing. The cappuccinos are just bad. They taste like ashes rather then espresso (maybe the beans are roasted to long?). I also noticed my cappuccino was prepared in an unprofessional way. The milk was steamed for to long. This resulted with lumps of foam and over-steamed congealed  milk film. Grossness! 
The place has a very hipster ambiance and the people are definitely supper cool. If you are looking for a cool people hangout you got the right spot. But don't count on a decent cappuccino. :(Cute little cafe by magic garden. They have Nutella latte !! So delicious ! Also it seem like a great place to study.This was a great place to spend a few hours on a rainy day. They have an extensive list of unique latte combinations; I went for a spiced latte and my boyfriend went for the Mexican mocha latte. I asked for mine to be less sweet than usual and it ended up being a smooth, tasty drink with a flavor comparable to a chai latte but, of course, with the power of espresso supporting it. I also got a lemon blueberry scone, which was moist and lightly sweet with a nice crunch from the frosting, although I really didn't get any lemon flavor and only rarely tasted blueberry. They had some eclectic but not obtrusive music playing in the background, there were plenty of outlets, and they had very comfortable bungy chairs everywhere. I would not hesitate to come back again if I needed to get a little work done.my favorite place in bella vista to get coffee. I love their spacious interior (with basement seatings) and their cheap refills. great place to spend the day at to study or do work. usually pretty quiet during weekdays. might get a bit busy on weekends though, especially when the weather outside isn't too great. fast wifi and the plethora of outlets definitely puts this place over the top.Didn't notice it when I've walked by in the past - the name of the place is not displayed prominently on the outside, so keep an eye out if this is your first time! I really enjoy this cafe. It's got many separate rooms for sitting, plus many different kinds of sitting arrangements - bar, armchair, couch, and table. Prices are amazing compared to the Starbucks at the other end of the block.This place is so so sooo good. I was in philly and stayed with a friend for about 2 weeks, I visited this place almost everyday and tried everything on their menu. Their nutella latte is simply the best. The sandwiches especially the grilled cheesy one is heavenly. Must visit. I really miss visiting the place now. Next time when I visit my friend I think I am going to be more excited to have the nutella latte. I know my friend would agree too coz she loves the place too.I absolutely loved this cafe. The amount of options was just perfect and not overwhelming. It is not steered just towards coffee or tea. It has non coffee options like mexican hot chocolate  and dominican hot chocolate and other flavored options. I went with the melange latte which is a special blend here and a signature item. It was really well brewed the coffee was't burned or steamed to hot. It gave a light sweet flavor and was smooth throughout. I wish this was closer to me because it would be a regular stop for me.I can't believe there was no listing for this.  This is the BEST cafe in the city.  The environment is amazing.  There's all this really cool furniture to sit in, and really interesting pottery on the tables.  
A chess board is always nearbye as are a great selection of weird and intriguing books.  Also, the music is excellent, for those of us with underground tastes.  
The whole place is just really authentic.  There's even home made soda. The guy who runs it is pretty cool too.  If you have to hit up one cafe in philly, check out this one!  Its a block under south street, which might be a bit of a walk, but you won't regret it.  
Highly recommended!I am a huge fan of chapterhouse! There is a ton of seating which is always a plus for coffee shops. Their food and drinks are delicious and there are plenty of vegan / vegetarian options. Definitely worth a stop if you need somewhere to do work or a good cup of coffee.Chapterhouse is my #1 go-to for coffee in the Bella Vista area!  The ambiance is so relaxing and homey, the staff is friendly, there is free WiFi and plenty of seating available!  I've tried a few of their teas, coffee, and their bagels (and other assorted baked goods) and I've been pleased every time.  They also have a small living room style area complete with a sofa, coffee table and a stack of board games!  It's a wonderful place to hang out whether you are alone or with friends.Having walked past this place a thousand times on the way to the Italian market, I never stopped in because of the "and gallery" part of the name. I thought it was primarily an art gallery but with a cafe, but my friend convinced me to go in. 
We only stayed on the first floor, but other reviews make it sound like there's more! This is one of the most hipster places I've been to in the city. There's a lot of seating and even this weird couch that could only comfortably seat two people facing opposite directions by a fireplace with board games and advertisements for comic fests, art shows, etc. 
The drink menu is hardly visible to the human eye because it's printed out lying on the counter that is exactly the same color as the menu. After calling in Magnum P.I., we were able to find it. There are so many drinks on the menu, like so many! I ordered an "iced tea soda," what the guy told us was a mixture of iced tea, seltzer, and syrup. It was tasty. 
I'll come back on a colder day to try a warm coffee or latte (Mexican mocha caught my eye), or maybe even on my way to South Philly.I am visiting from Nashville and had been looking forward trying out this cafe, which is near my friend's house.
My friend and I both had the Spice Latte. For a $4.00 coffee beverage it was quite disappointing. She ordered hers sans cinnamon syrup. Both of us thought the drink was lacking any umph; the coffee factor was weak and the spices were just not enough. Essentially, it tasted very watered down. 
The space is lovely: spacious with comfortable tables and chairs, artwork for sale displayed on the walls, and wifi. The inner space is like a library, where you feel apologetic for speaking even in hushed tones. I prefer a cafe where you can chat with a friend without getting the stare down from over a laptop screen.  
The service was friendly.
Unfortunately, I cannot afford to spend $4.00 on ambiance alone, given there are plenty of alternatives that serve good coffee.I love this place, end of story. Whether I'm looking to meet up with someone or to get some work or reading done, Chapterhouse is my go-to. It is perfect in every way. 
And they make a mean soy latte.cute little cafe at the corner.
my soy latte was pretty good. 
good place to sit and study or chat with friendsA cute cafe with lots of tables (there are more seats downstairs). It is really quiet so it is perfect for being productive. Good selection of drinks as well. Plus free wifiGot the nutella latte and mocha melange, so delicious! the atmosphere is very comfortable, casual hang out spot. Love the artwork they have, lots of space. My only concern was that the drinks were not hot enough, but my friend went back for a second latte and asked for it extra hot and turned out wellMy favorite place to work in this area: coffee, outlets, wifi, and friendly staff. And their peanut butter cookies are deeeelicious.Great selection of teas, coffees and smoothies. Relaxing environment to read.
Warning, it gets crowded very often, so be prepared.I came in thinking that it would be a small quaint cafe but this cafe is quite spacious with a ton of tables. I came here on a Sunday so there's quite a few people studying and the workers were quite friendly... although one looked kind of moody. I ordered one of the Italian sodas called summer soda. Honestly I thought I would be wowed by the flavor but I wasn't which is why I only rated the place as a 3. It's like a grape soda. If I were to come back I think I would try some of their smoothies or hot chocolates and their pastries.This cafe is one of my favorite cafes to study in. The ambiance of studying with the roasted coffee scents and being surrounded with beautiful art paintings is great for those who need to seclude themselves to do some work. On top of that there are lots of spaces to study in, including a basement floor. The drinks and cookies are refreshing and scrumcious!Coffee is incredibly average. I adore the layout of the place though, and you can play board games if you get bored. It's a nice place to sit down and do work if you manage to find a seat.I have a confession to make. I have lived a half block from the chapterhouse for going on 3 years, and I had never been there. I do not know why. I've always been a starbucks girl, even though I know I shouldn't have. Even though I support local eating, drinking, marketing everywhere in the city, no CH....so why? well, I'm here to tell you I have no clue why. none. at. all. (it probably is because they're cash only, and until recently I never actually used cash, don't ask) 
However- we recently decided to go, and I don't think I ever needto step foot in Starbucks again. Because I love it here. 
I don't use the word love very often. my boyfriend knows this. I feel it negates it's meaning if you tell it to everything constantly. But I think I really love it here. I want to curl up in a chair and just stay. Which is sad because I generally go here the most when I'm already late for work and grabbing a latte to go. Their lattes are unlike anything I've ever had. The espresso they use is bold, yet mellow and not bitter at all. The soy milk they use (lactose and me we are not friends) is the tastiest soy milk I've had in many years as a soy drinker. 
The place is lovely. It really is. I need to spend some more time just hanging out here because I think I could find a nice home here. As so many other writers have said. I was at a Amanda Palmer show this past year and she was on stage talking about how much she loved it here. She's right. it's lovely, maybe that's what finally sparked the interest in going in. It was like ever since her show I kept thinking, I should really try this place. 
Anyway. I usually get a iced soy latte, or a black and white soy latte, or the iced coffee. I've seen the gorgeous things they do with the steamed milk going into the espresso, they truly are artists at the coffee bar. Basically, I think this is the start of a very nice relationship, hopefully it's as excited as I am about it.I love the chairs here.  They are so comfortable, which is surpirsing since they are made of bungee cords.  
On the weekends, it can be tough to find a spot since a lot of people are studying here and come early and stay all day.  The internet can come and go. 
The drinks and food is usually pretty good. The reason I gave it 4 and not 5 stars is some of the baristas are not very friendly.Passing by Philadelphia and googled this place. Very nice and relaxing inside with a few pieces of art strewn across the walls. Not bad for a traveling Saturday evening...I've recently moved about six blocks further from my old go-to coffee place and was looking for something to replace it. There were several local options but Chapterhouse not only beats out the nearby competitors, it made me glad I'd moved. 
The drinks are great, and there is a lot of variety when choosing between teas, mocha/lattes, and hot chocolates. Alternative milk options are free and the staff is open minded about variations on the menu. The baked goods vary from day to day, and the sandwich options are all very tasty, if a touch pricey. Unfortunately, the side salad that comes with sandwiches is a little sad, but that's hardly the reason one comes to Chapterhouse.
The real selling point isn't actually the coffee, but the atmosphere. The decor is an exceptional balance of artsy, low-tech, refined, and hip. Some of the seats are a bit odd or unusually placed, but that ends up adding to the overall aesthetic. I also constantly approve of the music selection, which is just quirky enough to stand out while remaining very accessible.
The staff are universally friendly and helpful - they began recognizing me after just a couple visits and recommending new items that they thought I hadn't tried yet. The coffeehouse allows dogs, and actually has a shop dog named Jessica who is well-behaved enough not to eat food off of your plate (until she thinks you're done with it, at least).
Unless you're allergic to dogs or simply too far away, I can't think of any reason you wouldn't want to try Chapterhouse. The only improvement I would wish for is some kind of loyalty program, whether it be Lokalty or punch-cards.I experienced Chapterhouse this weekend for the first time and I am in love! There is so much room to study here, and it helps that the decor is beautiful! I loved how there were so many like-minded individuals so caught up in their work that it was so quiet. We only had coffees, and they were decent (nothing amazing). My only critique is that the internet was quite slow (could be due to the fact that I was in the basement).This cafe became the best cafe in Philly the week it opened. The layout and environment are perfect. The coffee is OK, but the sandwiches make up for it. The place has a mixture of  a homey/modern and  an industrial feel to it, which makes me feel creative and alive just by siting down. Also, the wall art is always amazing.
It's been packed with no seats available a few times I went, but it makes sense why others would love hanging out/studying there all day. The owners and staff are laid back, yet attentive to everyone. The place is also dog friendly, which is an added bonus.
If i could give them 5.5 stars, I would.Love this place! Skip the Starbucks on 9th & South, head one block south to Bainbridge and support local!
I love hanging at this place. We chose this location as a meeting for our monthly book club because they have a large table downstairs which you can reserve for large groups at specific times. I also love how big it is, there are two floors with plenty of tables, so you can always find somewhere to sit. They are open until 10pm, so it's a great place to hang at any time of the day!
I know this is weird, but one of my favorite things about this place is the chairs they have! The seat and back support are lined with a bungee-cord material which looks strange and uncomfortable, but I LOVE THEM! They are so bouncy and comfy and I totally want them for my apartment!!!!!!!!!!
They have free Wi-fi, just ask for the password at the counter when you order. The staff has always been very friendly and the service has always been very fast. I've had a variety of different hot and cold drinks and have never been disappointed. I've never ordered food, but the selection looks impressive and always smells great when someone nearby is eating! 
If you need a spot to study or to cozy up to a good book, head to Chapterhouse!review for this hasnt changed. throughout my last year in philly was always one of my happy spots. whenever i wanted to do work, get away, read a book or a nice cup of coffee. my go to place. 
love it and will miss it! a lot.I love this place. There are so many seats that even when it's packed on the weekends, you'll be able to find a good spot. The food and drinks are delicious - definitely get the sandwiches and their special lattes. The only two things that are a little inconvenient are the $10 card minimum (I just end up buying a lot of food, so it's worth it) and the wifi. If you stay on the main floor, it's fine, but it's extremely spotty in the basement. Overall one of my favorite places to study/eat.I've been to this cafe several times while visiting people in Philly, and I often wish it were in New York. The espresso is good, there is a cute patio and interesting artwork on the walls. If you're into flavored sodas or fizzy teas, they've got those too. 
I rarely expect much from service in Philly, as I've discovered that "The City of Brotherly Love" was probably a term coined on opposite day, but I thought it was fine. 
Something that really caught my eye was the most quintessentially hipster painting I have ever seen. It featured a curled up, bearded man wearing plaid, surrounded by antlered beasts and nature images. While it did provide a great laugh, the painting (along with all the others) was quite impressive. I'm so used to having mediocre/terrible/slightly frightening things covering the walls where I'm just trying to score some quality time with free wifi.Very cozy cute coffee shop - great place to do work. Ordered the masala chai latte and it was amazing!The coffee is good and the people were nice the few times I was there but the atmosphere is a little intimidating to me..I know some love it but I'm not a grad student or a hipster and just don't feel like I fit in here without headphones or a mac laptop.  No offense just not my scene!AH. This place is AMAZING!!
While there are a lot of great coffee shops I've been to, I always had a complaint or two. But I have nothing bad to say about Chapterhouse Cafe & Gallery.
Comfort:
The perfect place to study, read, or have a quiet chat with a friend. There's plenty of space to sit on the main floor and the basement. I also love that they have outlets everywhere (this is so important for me!!). Also, they have very comfortable chairs. They have chairs made out of silicone strings which I loved. I need one of those at home!
Drinks:
I didn't get any of their sandwiches but I got the Not Nutella hot chocolate. So goood!!! I did wish that they make it more hot but that's okay. I've never seen a coffee shop with so many hot chocolate options! Yay!
Interior:
Super cute interior. You just need to come for yourself to see how cute this place is! They also have board games and jenga for you to play if you'd like. But it seemed like most people come here to study or read. 
I will definitely be returning here!! :)This place is my favorite café! Mainly because the prices are reasonably cheap and the environment is calm and quiet. This is a wonderful place to grab a bite to eat and get some work done, or study.There is a credit card minimum of $10 but I so wanted to journal here that my first time coming to Chapterhouse, I walked all the way up to Market St. to get cash from a no-fee Citibank ATM in 7-11. That is the enormity of my love for this wonderful neighborhood cafe.
The atmosphere in this cafe is quiet and artsy and it is the perfect place to get some work done. One of the days I was here they were having a small get-together in the backyard, I'm assuming with neighbors or something? Definitely contributed to the laid-back neighborhood cafe feel. The back room was well-lit and there were enough outlets as far as I could tell. The iced teas and pastries that I've gotten have all been wonderful and well-made, so no complaints on the fare.
All in all, a lovely gem of a cafe. Definitely a great place to get away from the hustle and bustle of campus life or Center City.Ordered Nutella latte w a friend on a cold day. Omg delicious.  Nice atmosphere. Location is on a small street not near south street.  Saved it for next time!Great drinks and nice space. Love the feel of the place, with 3 rooms that each have their own sort of feel. The music is a little bit too loud for my taste when I'm doing real work, but perfect for relaxing and reading a book or the paper.Creative coffee options and lovely tea. Very relaxed environment which invites you to stay for a while. Will go again!Cute little coffee shop in Philly! We dipped in here to hide from the cold after checking out the Magic Gardens. I got a Cappuccino and it was delicious. My mom got the Not Nutella hot chocolate and it was also great. We liked checking out the local art on the walls throughout the shop!Chaperhouse is a wonderful place to sit with a book or a laptop (and your lapdog--yes, dogs are welcome!) and get some studying done; or to meet a friend for a laid back chat. 
Because so many people are here to study or do freelance work in the back room, you can sometimes feel that by talking you're interrupting their work. If you're here to meet friends, try and find a space in the front room.
Haven't tried the coffee, but the teas and cordial/lemonade type drinks are lovely, if a tiny bit on the expensive side. The decor is lovely and contemporary, the staff are great, and there's a peaceful atmosphere. 
I live in West Philly and sometimes walk my dog all the way here just because it's so lovely here. I plan to be back soon!Love this place! My barista was super friendly and knowledgeable about their selection of teas. I don't do dairy, so she helped me come up with a delicious tea latte with honeybush rooibos, a shot of vanilla, and soy milk. Physical space is also nice--quiet and open with lots of tables. Will definitely be back.3.5
I used to love this place. It used to have great coffee and great studying atmosphere. They have great latte selections and I love that they include a double shot of espresso. However, I have lost it as cafe for studying.  I find the music selection and volume not very conducive to studying anymore and for some reason, the service is just different. I don't feel welcomed anymore and would rather go to Starbucks. 
Sad times to lose a local cafe.I always forget how much I like this place until circumstance finds me here.  The vibe is good & the place stretches out 3 connected rooms long.  This is great b/c you can usually always find a spot to sit despite the crowds.  It's a nice place to meet up with friends, people watch or get work done.
Free wi-fi if you ask for the day's password.  Good coffee drinks & small pastry & sandwich selection.  Why people don't walk the extra half block up from the corner behemoth competitor is beyond me.Love visiting this place whenever I'm around Queen Village. Even though I'm sort of snobby and purist when it comes to coffee, I love hitting up a different one of their lattes each time, with varieties that will playfully use peanut butter, spices, cocoa, etc. The people who work here are great and service is fast. Great art decorates the wall, lots of seating (and I mean a TON. almost like a maze), just a really great and chill atmosphere with excellent drinks.Visited Philly for the weekend with my fiancé and walked in here to recharge our phone batteries after being out and about. Grabbed a much needed drink too, of course! I had the melange latte, iced, and it was so good! 
The atmosphere in here was so chill too. Quiet and relaxed. If I lived in Philly, I'd probably study here. Or even just go to read a book. The baristas were also really nice per my recollection. Five thumbs up!This is a popular coffee shop.  Definitely don't drive because parking is impossible.  My other complaint would be the lack of power outlets, but that's somewhat typical.  Otherwise, it's popular for a reason.  The beverage selection and quality is good.  This is a really great place!I tried a few more drinks so it's losing a star for price and not knowing how to blend drinks. While their coffee is good, their blended coffee drinks needs a new formulation because it comes out way too watery. I ended up just asking them to add more ice into my cup because it started getting warm too quickly.Excellent coffee. Comfy chairs, great relaxed atmosphere. Open (relatively) late. Great spot.This address has gone through ALOT of owners/transitions/names... I used to work at Grinds and Finds and then it was Carey's Cafe for a short time and then another cafe which was also short lived. So needless to say I was really excited to see Chapterhouse come in! the owners have turned it into an amazing space and the coffee and sandwiches are really good too!  (I think they're from Le Bus) It's always crowded when I go in and no matter what the staff is always super friendly and helpful.I had Chapterhouse Cafe bookmarked for years. Years. I honestly don't know what took me so long to visit.
During Thanksgiving weekend, I was in the city about to meet a friend for brunch but was feeling fairly sleepy so I googled nearby coffee shops. Chapterhouse was only a block out of the way, so I re-routed myself and walked over.
The inside is calm and inviting. Loads of people were studying or doing work. I took a quick look at the menu and was drawn to the black and white latte. 
They whipped it up within ten minutes and it was seriously delicious. I walked down the street so much happier after having that drink -- and I'm still craving another.
I know exactly where to go next time I'm in South Philly and craving a specialty coffee drink.Yet again I find myself at Chapterhouse wondering why I dont go out of my way to come here more often. Great space, cool art, nice and unpretentious staff and music, a sweet dog, and heavenly drinks (Im having a blended mexican mocha right now. Oh sweet spiciness, you treat me right). If you're in the area- HIGHLY recommend!Pros: Lots of study space, Various drinks/tea, decorations/atmosphere, outlets, 2hr parking nearby
Barista: Helped us pick out a great tea! (So many various options)
Tips for Tea lovers: Get a pot for 2 (only $.50 more) and it comes with 2 teabags. Plus, its unlimited hot water refills.Someday I will finish my comprehensive study of Philadelphia coffeehouses. In the academic paper I will write (to be published in the Journal of Caffeine Science and Sociology), I will rank the coffeehouses from best to worst. My study is only in its infancy, but I am certain that Chapterhouse will rank towards the top.
There are so many small touches that combine to give a whole greater than any of its parts. It's the subtle sub-division of rooms and spaces, the green space outside of the back room, the books and magazines,  the brightly lit (CLEAN) bathroom and even the myriad different coffee cups.
The coffee itself is solid, while I was there I had a triple espresso and a cup of brewed coffee. They have a $10 minimum for credit cards, so I didn't try any baked goods yet, but they looked good.
It had just the right mix of quiet and conversation for my study habits. I like a small buzz, but nothing too boisterous. The music was non-obtrusive, I didn't really notice it.
A+!If you like to be treated poorly, dump your shitty boyfriend and come for a coffee at Chapterhouse!  The owners are really rude and unfriendly, and the vibe seems to have been passed on to their poor, poor employees.  Oh, and the place smells like dog or unwashed boys or something.
Here's a better idea: GO TO GOOD KARMA on Pine between 10th and 9th.  It's LARGER and FRIENDLIER.  And, it DOES NOT smell like un-washed boy.Any time I go out of town, one of the first things I look for is a coffeeshop with free wi-fi. Based on the reviews here at Yelp, I found Chapterhouse. And it was a good choice, because I haven't set foot in another coffeeshop since I've been in Philadelphia. Reliable wi-fi, comfy seating, well-crafted drinks, good variety of snacks, generally nice people, amazing reading selection, and music selections that mirror my own tastes. (This afternoon for example--Postal Service, the Smiths, Tegan & Sara, and the Shins just to give you a taste.) If I lived in town, this is definitely the type of place I'd become a regular at.Pros:  Chapterhouse is a beautiful space.  It's hard to find such spacious, warmly-decorated, tasteful cafes on the east coast these days.  Chapterhouse also has no problem with lingering customers - buy a cup of something, have a seat, and spend a few hours reading if you like.  The coffee is good, and the pastries are pretty good as well.
Cons:  First and foremost, their espresso drinks are watery.  Down the street from Chapterhouse is a Starbucks - every morning, Chapterhouse is fairly empty while Starbucks has a line going out the door.  This is because Starbucks' espresso drinks are stronger and more flavorful.  (If even Starbucks has better espresso offerings than you do, you know you're doing something wrong.)
Chapterhouse is hipster hell.  I don't object to the crowd, or the age of the crowd - rather, I object to the exclusivity and clique-ishness of it.  I've been going to Chapterhouse several times a week for two years, and no one there knows my name or has even once asked.  Maybe this is because I'm a little older than the crowd there, or for some other reason. Occasionally, you get awful, slow, cold-shouldered service there.  Yesterday I went to Chapterhouse for a regular afternoon tea (their tea is terrible, by the way), and after waiting several minutes for the barista to finish a personal conversation with a patron, I was greeted by cold, abrupt service.  She clearly felt I was wasting her time, perhaps because I wasn't part of the "in" crowd.  After she was done with me, she proceeded to warmly and happily greet everyone who came in after me, because they were part of the "in" crowd.  Overall, it made me feel unwelcome and lonely.
In short, Chapterhouse is a nice place for the occasional coffee, and a good place if you plan to go out with a few friends.  But if you want good espresso look elsewhere.  If you want to feel like a regular who's welcome, definitely go elsewhere. I plan to from now on.Definitely my go-to coffee shop when I'm meeting up with friends to catch up or need a place to get work done. If you're looking for silence while you're working, check out the seating in the basement. Otherwise, get a seat on the main floor and do your thing. And periodically get distracted by the conversation buzz around you.
The shop sends good vibes and has a variety of seating arrangements that makes the space very cozy and warm. I like to get my usual white pomegranate tea, either hot and cold brewed. A spot with a wider selection of teas for this non-coffee drinker.
Free wifi, friendly baristas, AND a machine that can take credit without a minimum charge - all great benefits to this gem of a coffee shop.I've started to frequent Chapterhouse more and more now. It's got a great location just off South Street and in walking distance from my home in Bella Vista. I love that they are open pretty late and that their bagel with cream cheese remains at a steady $2. I've had their lattes before and they were pretty good but it is not something I crave. This place is ALWAYS packed with students, locals, and yuppies doing homework or just to be at a cafe looking at their Twitter or FB accounts.
I haven't been to Shot Tower in a while because Chapterhouse's tranquility and late hours make it that much more appealing for me and many others.Pastries are fresh (ie not stale) coffee is good, interesting specialty drink menu, prices are reasonable and there are many distinct vibes all around-a good place to curl up on a comfy chair with a book or to meet friends for a light lunch. Plenty of dairy free options, too.Know what you're walking into and you'll be happy. There's no kitchen so the food is prepackaged. Service is friendly and coffee is good. Wi-Fi speed is serviceable. It's spacious and spread out so that's also another plus. As long as you don't expect a gourmet meal, this is an solid place to do work. I did, however, take points off for this because one does inevitably get hungry when doing work and I'd like something more than a muffin in a bag.
Note: I heard wi-fi could be spotty here but I had no issues when I went.When I'm looking for a good coffee shop, I look for a nice ambiance with lots of light, good food, friendly servers and easy access to electric plugs for my laptop.  Chapterhouse had it all - from convenience to a relaxed setting.  
They have the best chai tea lattes in town.  I get mine with soy, and they get the combination just right.  I like that their chai isn't too sweet like at Last Drop.  They always offer to put cinnamon on top - which is really yummy.  I can't decide if I like it with or without more.  They're both really good!  They also have great tea list - my favorite is Lavender Earl Grey.  They offer a cup of tea, or a whole teapot.  I love their teapots - they're very homey and if you're planning on staying for a few hours it's worth having several cups of tea instead of paying by the cup.  They also have a lot of nice pastries, like the classics - croissants (plain, cheesy and chocolate), bagels, danishes...  And they have sandwiches, which I have yet to try.
I love the ambiance - a lot of light and enough space to spread out without feeling cramped like at some coffee shops.  Their barristas are really nice - they always make me feel welcome.  They also let dogs in - which makes it a really nice place to look at cute puppies.  I didn't struggle to find electric plugs to plug my computer in.  Also, their bathroom has been clean and is nice compared to a lot of other coffee shops.Let me start off by saying that I'm generally not a fan of coffee shops.  I don't drink coffee and I prefer familiar atmospheres in which I can control the surroundings while I read/study/work.  STURDY tables and creative chairs also go a long way to my coffee shop experience and in these aspects The Chapterhouse was very inviting.  The barista actually had a personality and was very accommodating to our special orders.  Also, head downstairs for additional seating.  If I was a fan of going out for expensive non-alcoholic beverages I was be a regular at The Chapterhouse.Chill atmosphere, friendly staff, and great melange latte.  Mmm!My boyfriend and I are not coffee house aficionados by any means, but we stopped here while we were waiting for our ceramics time at the Expressive Hand next door. The staff at the Expressive Hand gave us some coupons for a free coffee or tea, so we headed over to wait out our time.
First of all, the place is nice on the inside and quite cozy. There are bar stools overlooking the store front, and lots of small tables. Another plus is that the large bookshelf in the middle room is full of games and puzzles and even playing cards. The BF and I kept ourselves amused with a never-ending game of Uno, so we really appreciated the fact that Chapterhouse had distractions available. 
However, that's where the positives end, unfortunately. The baristas were pretty grumpy when we asked them what drinks we'd be eligible for with our coupons (understandable), but their attitude didn't even change after we tipped them. Rude. My tea lacked flavor and my crappy paper cup (hello, sustainability!) had a slow leak which meant I lost most of my drink to the tabletop. Blah. Lastly, on a Sunday afternoon, the place was super packed. Most people looked like they hadn't moved in eons from their tables and didn't plan on moving for another several millenniums either. If I had paid good money for a cup of coffee and atmosphere, I'd be pretty annoyed that there was no space to sit. We ended up sitting on two slightly uncomfortable plastic chairs by the bookshelves, awkwardly adjacent to a couple sprawled on the sofa. 
To sum it up - this place put me too close for comfort with some snooty hipsters and meh beverages. No thanks, I'll pass!I like this cafe, I've come here twice for book groups.  The hot teas are very good, I was disappointed in the vegan, gluten free blueberry muffin, I ordered it not knowing that it was vegan and gluten free.  The barista was very friendly to give me something else to eat instead at no cost, I took a banana and a biscotti, I like the orange biscotti, they are quite crunchy though.  There's plenty of place to sit and read and they have interesting artwork displayed.  I like that they accept credit and debit cards too!  I think they could put a sign outside that says Chapter House because it is a bit unclear from the outside.  Either way, I do enjoy coming here and I hope to try more of their hot teas and try their coffee too.  I think they're a cute coffee shop!Chapterhouse is easily one of my favorite coffee shops in Philly. I discovered while writing a long paper and ever since it's been a go-to spot for me to get work done. 
The coffee is good, as are the pastries. The only downside is that it's cash only, but a quick run to an ATM around the corner resolved that for me the first time I went. 
The cafe itself is enormous. There is a ton of seating upstairs and a bunch more downstairs. The music is also good, and not at all distracting. Overall, Chapterhouse is just a great place to relax, read or work on a project.cute, i wish they had more plugs and didn't put a password on the internetNice, big place. I liked how they have a couple of spicy lattes, something which nothing has ever matched Star in Chicago. The people running the place were competent enough.My favorite place to study: free and reliable wifi, outlets, large enough tables, clean bathrooms, longer opening hours, and just the right amount of background noise. 
Their latte is amazing: it's perfectly creamy and the texture of the foam is is lovely. I love their cheese danish, as well as their tomato and mozzarella sandwich. Their prices are definitely reasonable ($10 minimum for card).
Everyone here is super friendly, including the other customers! The guy sitting next to me last Saturday even found a PDF online of my organic chemistry textbook for me! (The godforsaken book is at least ten pounds).
I love being able to spend hours studying in the back room, and I'm always willing to suffer the commute from 40th street to come here.Although it has been 90+ degrees all week, as soon as I think of Chapterhouse... i think about how much I love their coffee, their hot chocolate and overall atmosphere.
The people working at the counter are always super nice and friendly.
They have a HUGE area where you can sit and work, read, etc.  My only issue is that people act like this is the LIBRARY. Since when did coffee houses become silent study time? I am super confused. However, that's not Chapterhouse's fault.  I guess I am hating the player, but I should be hating the game.Black and Tan latte aka peanut butter with soy milk, espresso and chocolate?! COUNT ME IN. Seriously one of the best drinks I've had. Tastes like a Reese's cup thats melted, which is literally, one of the greatest things ever for peanut butter lovers like me. I've been a customer for over a year now, and since my move to NY, I still pop in occasionally to say hello to the cute dog and get my fix. I've tried a little bit of everything here. From the tea to the sandwiches and I would have to say it is my favorite Cafe in Philly. Wish they would put one in New York *cough cough*Wow, great coffee, and some of the best coffee house background music I have ever heard.  Very quite and relaxing once inside.  Art all over the walls to look at.  Almost everyone was working on their laptops, but didn't have any of the annoying cell phone background conversations.  It was like a hip library.  I can't wait to go back!Just moved closer to Bella Vista and discovered this cute little alternative to the nearby Starbucks and the dreaded Last Drop on 13th St (always my last recourse for free wireless!)
I was surprised to see how big the cafe was inside! From the street it looks tiny, but once inside there are a ton of tables all the way to the back of the building with quite a few windows for good natural light.  It's very clean and the furniture is well placed and comfortable.  There is local art all over the walls for inspiration!
I had a fruit smoothie that was quite pricey, but VERY GOOD!  The barista offered to bring over my drink while I found a seat and set up my laptop and work.  VERY NICE service and cute employees!! :) I did not have a chance to use the wireless, as the gentleman sitting next to me possibly gave me the wrong password, but I'll be sure to check that out next time.
I feel myself becoming a regular already!cute cute ca-yute!
I was in Philly on "vacay" (if there is such a thing when you're unemployed) recently, and I wanted to find a good place to clack on the computer and people watch. Chapterhouse fit the bill. Always full of people, but never feels too crowded (at least not in the afternoons), quite, but not to a library extent, and tasty food. I went two days in a row after trying unsuccessfully to find a coffee shop in the Philly area to top their experience. Will def make it my coffee shop of choice when I'm in the 'hood.I love this place.  I can study here comfortably.  Everything is reasonably priced.  There are good snacks if you get hungry.  The girls behind the counter are hilarious and totally cute.  It's a great place to be.
The only thing I would say deters me from this place are the occassional "unbalanced" folk that come through.  Whether they are just extra sociable or singing out loud, it can be rather distracting.  Never in negative nature though, just purely distracting.Definitely one of the best coffee shops in Philly.  I usually go there to study, but I've seen older women playing Majhong in there too.  Staff is very friendly.  Try an iced mocha --  4 different typed of chocolate!  The sandwiches are surprisingly good as are their desserts.  Can be crowded at times and the internet is a little spotty.Chapterhouse is great for studying and working due to the unlimited wifi, comfy chairs, and studious vibe. 
Food:
Most of the drinks are tasty (not overly sweet, have actual interesting flavors). Some of the baristas don't know how to prepare tea properly, so it ends up flavorless or burnt. However, I am a little bit British about tea, and others don't seem to mind. They don't have great food options in my opinion, but when I go there I'm not going there to eat, I'm going to study.
Vibe & service:
In my opinion, the baristas are always perfectly friendly, but I am a smiley introvert, so all I want is for them to take my order, smile back, and stop talking to me. I love the dog, but I love most dogs. Sometimes the music is exactly my taste (old school blues and jazz, Fleet Foxes, Bon Iver), sometimes I put my earplugs in (lengthy wandering guitar solos).
In sum: 
Chapter house is a decent fit for me when I have to study (I am not procrastinating on studying for finals right now I swear). If it's not a good fit for you, don't take it personally! Bella Vista has so many lovely coffee shops. If you want something with a less studious, more friendly feel, that has more substantial food options, go to Gleaner's! It's a very short walk away (just walk south on 9th, the street you are already on if you're at Chapter house).What a treat! Everything is top notch in this place! 
The coffee was strong and had heavy foam just the way I love it, the staff were friendly and upbeat, super sweet! The decor was contemporary and super chic. 
Check it out!I don't know how I managed to ignore this place for as long as I had. 
It's is now hats down my favorite coffee/hang out location in the city.
coffee is good, tea is better, and the rooms downstairs are simply great. decor is not too in-your-face, yet very arty. there are stylish books, wall posters and pictures, hanging bottles in the fireplace... 
awesome. love itMy roommate and I stumbled upon this place by accident, after a journey over to Sarcone's. I'm glad we did, because there is no way we would have come otherwise, being that we reside on the banks of the Schuylkill. 
I've never really been a big fan of coffee houses as a place to hang out, relax, or do work. What I mean is, I'm way to ADD to work in an area with a lot of traffic. But here, I really could see just coming here to......whatever!  Yes, it is arranged a bit like an art gallery, but it feels inherently welcoming. Part of that might be due to the awesome staff. The barista was possibly the nicest I've ever met, she not only made a delicious nutella latte (I know, right?), but she "painted" what was on my shirt into the cream. Take note other coffee shops. THIS is how you get repeat business. I would normally say so, but in this case, this place is definitely worth a 20-block commute.my first visit to chapterhouse was for the unofficial yelp book club meeting last week. it will certainly not be my last!
this is a great little spot whether you are looking for a quiet place to work on your laptop, read a book or simply sip a tasty beverage or snack on a delicious baked treat while admiring the unique artwork. it is also a good spot for groups, like ours, who likely made a lot more noise than most other patrons - sorry! the set-up is great as it is a large space with a few different sections, so i got the feeling noise didn't carry all that bad (or so i hoped!) if we didn't have our book to discuss, a group could pick up one of a number of board games on hand, along with a selection of books.
i had read good things online about the nutella latte (nutella as a beverage? yes, please!), so i ordered one iced, and it did not disappoint. in fact, writing about it...i am craving one right now and wishing i didn't live in the burbs. they were out of yogurt - wah - so after deliberating for quite some time, i finally settled on a coffee cake, which i believe came from flying monkey patisserie? well, wherever it came from, it was heavenly - makes me kinda glad they were out of yogurt! 
in light of the recent thread chatter, it is worth noting that the barista was quite patient with me while i waffled on my food order. prices were reasonable, and my bill was under $10 so i politely paid with cash :)This is by far my favorite coffee house in the city...hands down.  The staff, ambiance, and decor make this place very inviting.   The coffee is insane (in a good way) and the smoothies are amazing.   They order their pastries and bagels from a local shop and they too are delicious.  They are dog friendly - if you have a well behaved dog.
I think it says a lot that Chaperhouse is doing so well next to a Starbucks.This is a great space to get buried in work, study, or a favorite book.  The space is spare and clean, so your experience is easily just you and your mind.  Tons of outlets, varied and comfortable seating, and different seating areas offer many options for your day.  Small illustrations decorate the walls, well lit by overhead light.  The coffee, smoothies, and sandwiches are great for light fare during the work day and the shop is quite close to a variety of restaurants for a full evening meal.  This is a great place.
I find a slight dislike for the dog-friendly policy.  I have no interest in dogs, or perhaps better stated as less than zero interest.  Nonetheless, any dog at the shop have been unintrusive and easy to ignore.  It is of note to me, but not significant enough to knock a star off my rating.Check! I found me a cafe that I can call a usual... and it's just down the block!
This place is just adorable! To start, I love their staff. I'm not going to lie... since being in Philly, I've bumped into some not so courteous ppl =/ haha but hey, this place made me leave with a smile on my face :)  They were very useful in helping me choose what drink to get (since they do have some special smoothies and lattes). They were also very nice about making sure I get what I want by asking me about my milk selection, whip cream, etc. since I did not specify anything. Even when they made me a smoothie, they offered to add more honey and make it a bit sweeter if I find it too sour without me mentioning anything.
The atmosphere here is also very relaxing. The music is just loud enough to hear but not too loud to drown out conversation or studying. There's plenty of seating including a few love seats also. The art on the walls are also very interesting. Every couple of months, they change the art so you get new stuff to look at all the time! While the art isn't that pretty (yea, I know that's subjective), it definitely makes good conversation while sitting there and drinking a coffee hehe. 
I've tried a blueberry/raspberry smoothie and a nutella latte here. The smoothies could be a bit thicker but it was still good and fresh. The nutella latte is also interesting.
And what else is important in a cafe? Internet! Yes, there is free wi-fi here :)Very comfortable place to work with a variety of different seating options - by the windows at a table or high top, couch, etc., with lots of outlets. Super cozy.
Tea and coffee are Okay. 
I got the olive tuna sandwich which was pretty gross - super fishy and there were really strong flavors that didn't complement one another. Had to toss it out and get a cup of coffee to wash out the taste. 
Will definitely be back for the environment, tho wary of sandwiches.
~edit
Came back and tried the Melange Latte and I just have to revise my "coffee is okay" statement. Made with a blend of spices and a hint of vanilla, this was simply magic in a cup.The best coffeeshop I've been to so far in Philadelphia for studying! I was blown away by the spaciousness of the place - there are actually 2 floors so that you are guaranteed to be able to find a spot. The free wifi was a little spotty at times but barely pales against campus wifi so I wouldn't complain too much. I do wish they had more restrooms though since the line got a bit long at times.
I had a frozen Dominican mocha which was the perfect refresher on a hot day. It was recommended by the barista and I would agree that it is a crowd pleaser, esp for any chocolate lovers. 
Verdict: Great study spot for students and casual visitors alike. Wouldn't recommend as a date location though.My go to spot when I need to get serious work done. The space is awesome for the mostly part, there is definitely a battle for outlets at times though. I love the downstairs section it's perfect for studying and super quiet. Only issues I have with the Chapterhouse is the only good options are sandwiches (like 4 varieties) and the only thing for those GF is oatmeal. So my suggestion is to get your food game up and employee baristas with much less attitude.Comfortable, large cafe for working.
Yummy coffee(duhlicious)
Not sure about internet speeds but wifi is available here. I tend to tether from my hotspot TMobile account for increased security and speed.
Highly recommend :)Though I am not an avid coffee drinker, Chapterhouse is still one of my favorite spots in this neighborhood. 
If you are coming here to study, read or use the free wifi with a tasty beverage, you will not be disappointed--- unless the place is packed and there are no chairs left! (which is common)
Their selection of tea is great and they come in huge mugs, that I especially enjoy drinking, while sitting in one of their cozy chairs.
I would not suggest coming here for a coffee date or business meeting. Many times I have gone here expecting to chat with someone, and felt uncomfortable during conversation because of how quiet it is here.It doesn't get much better than this. The coffee is great the snacks are excellent but what really make Chapterhouse my favorite place in this fair city is the people. Both behind the counter and in the mix. Laid back, engaging and kind. I can't tell you how many fabulous conversations I have had with my "little while" friends at Chapterhouse.
The art is also a key part of the stellar ambiance. 
Well done crew!I recently discovered Chapterhouse after being a faithful Philly Java customer for over a year. While I love both, Chapterhouse is a great place to do work, except that it can get extremely crowded on the weekends. The drinks are delicious. I recommend the Dominican mocha and a bagel with garlic and herb spread. So yummy!I love this cafe! I was in town for the weekend visiting a friend and we stopped here for lunch. So glad we did! My vegan sandwich was amazingly delicious and filled with chickpeas and other fresh veggies. My friend got a nutella hot beverage, which she said was fantastic as well. 
The space itself is well decorated and a bit minimal, but with enough seating and space for you to feel comfortable. A few people where here working, chatting with friends etc. It seems like a real neighborhood cafe and I wish we had something like this where I live.Clean, super spacious, cozy, and never too loud!
Most of the people come here study, get works done, and even for interviews because it's such a great environment like that!
There are three different section on the first floor and more in the basement if you need. There's wall plugs everywhere for your digital items, fast WiFi, one clean bathroom. Easy to find parking! Drinks and small pastries are available with friendly baristas. 
My favorite is their London Fog Tea!I needed a cool place to study with free wifi, just the right amount of ambient noise, reasonable prices, a plug, and friendly people. I found it. 
This is my first time here, I'm sitting in the place, and it had me at hello. It has super chill loungey study music. It's a little bit away from my school, but with free street parking on Sunday (tho a little hard to come by) I hope to be a somewhat regular.As others have mentioned, this is just a really nice place to get some work done or hang out.  Lots of other people there looking productive, which provides pressure for you to be productive.  Good drinks (I've had coffee and the mexican mocha, which was very good).Dope. Chapter house is way better than Starbucks. Idk why ppl even go there when chapter house is on the same street. Chapter house makes me feel special inside. Chapter house makes me squirt. I love everything they make and chapter house loves me. There are so many different seats. The wifi is fast and strong. The wifi loves me too. Go to chapter house, achieve greatness.Love this place! I just moved into the neighborhood, and, coming from Old City, I needed to find myself a great, (not-so-hipstery) coffee house. They have phenomenal coffee, and they really do have a good atmosphere: not too loud, cool artwork and decor, on a quiet street, etc. Plus, it's a local favorite, which is great since I'm trying to be a social person these days and make friends...
Definitely a go-to favorite.This is a great coffee shop! Had a very tasty Melange latte.  Service was quick, and the shop is spacious with lots of seating. It's not evident at first, but there's a large room downstairs that serves as an unofficial "quiet study".  Also, the bungee cord chairs here are heaven to sit on. 5/5 would coffee here again.To me what makes Chapterhouse special is that it is the best coffee joint in the city to sit down and WORK in!  Whether you're a tele-commuter or a student you'll find there is a 'je ne sais quois' quality about Chapterhouse that makes you buckle down and become amazingly productive!  Set foot in there any day after 10am and you'll find it filled with people digging into their laptops.as a budding barista (at the new "Cream & Sugar" in University City), i feel as though i can now justifiably rate coffee shops.  although there was that one shop that i reviewed before my barista days....that was solely on their customer service (insert cross reference for Satellite Cafe).  i've ALWAYS been a consumer.  
anyway, i like this establishment for it's coffee (i even had cappuccino envy the other day.  my friend came to the table with the loveliest large cup of it).  AND i dig it for its great study space.  it reflects its name "chapterhouse."  you know..."chapter"...as in the chapter of a book.  what's more, the have free internet, interesting people, and a few comfortable chairs. 
OK... i'll be honest.  i go there because as a student, i need to convince people that i actually study in coffee shops.Cons:
I wasn't a fan of the coffee. Granted, I ordered a dark roast (it was later in the day), so maybe that was the issue, but I normally drink my coffee black and it just wasn't happening with their brew. I actually didn't even finish the cup. Also, my mug had a huge chip in the pottery, which is potentially harmful (bacteria, chemicals, whatever).
Pros:
I enjoyed the atmosphere at Chapterhouse, which is really supportive of the sit-study-work mentality. They have interesting art around the cafe, and I especially appreciated the chairs near the back of the house (great sunlight) which are built out of suspension chords- very comfortable! 
Summary:
Fine for casual meet-ups and study sessions.BEST COFFEE SHOP IN PHILLY. So wonderful, great layout, dogs allowed, cutest clientele - great mix of medical students, burnouts, hipsters, and sorority girls. Honestly, food, coffee, and service are totally average but I don't care because the atmosphere is what counts. This is my favorite coffee shop in town.Chapterhouse is a super sweet spot!  The coffee they offer is delicious and the soda teas are awesome... This was my go to spot for GRE studying and it fit the bill perfectly.  The tables are spacious and the chairs are super comfortable.  The art is constantly changing and the owners are always available for a friendly chat.This is a great coffee house with in a beautiful place with a cool ambiance.  They have board games, WiFi, artwork, couches, funky chairs, and most importantly, good coffee that's not overpriced.  Why would anyone go to the chain on the same block given that choice?Worst customer service ever.  There are progressive hipsters, and then there are asshole hipsters.
Nothing but shitty-look-giving folks running this spotGreat coffee. Great atmosphere. And great place to study/read regardless of the season. Nutella latte is delicious. There is a minimum purchase of $10 for credit card usage.Is Chapterhouse the best Philly coffeeshop? I think so. 
I judge coffeeshops on metrics like the quality of the drinks, size, amount of seating, comfort, availability of outlets, and overall atmosphere. I find Chapterhouse excels in all these areas. The place is huge and multi-level, with lots of seating available, and outlets are abundant.
As far as atmosphere, Chapterhouse strikes the perfect balance between cozy and interesting. Many coffeeshops are too "modern" and have uncomfortable minimalist chairs, white walls, and a clinical atmosphere that tries too hard. Chapterhouse boasts local art and good design throughout, but at the same time it's a place where you actually feel welcome and want to stay.I was looking for a study spot in center city and found this cafe! LOTS of study space, including a downstairs space. WiFi everywhere and sunlight upstairs. Downstairs can be a little claustrophobic, but it's fine! Lots of outlets, which is also nice. 
They have some unique coffee options! I got the Dominican latte (which was really good just a touch sweet) and my boyfriend got the Melange latte (less sweet, more cinnamon). They also have smoothies and baked goods. 
Also, this is random but the chairs are basket-like and weird but comfy haha... will definitely be back!This place is great! Tried the peanut butter, jelly, and banana smoothie after a workout and it was excellent. I didn't have much time to stay but I would definitely come back to get work done or meet someone for coffeePossibly my favorite study cafe. Good vibes, great drinks and snacks, clean, spacious, and has lots of outlets. Staff is exceedingly kind and helpful.I got the Almond Croissant and a type of Iced Mocha (I forgot - it starts with a "D" and was recommended when I mentioned I preferred dark chocolate). 
The space is big so it's good for studying. It's cozy as well. It was kind of hot when we got there but the air in the back part was good enough to cool us off. 
I loved the croissant and I think the mocha was good just a bit bitter compared to my taste. My friend got the Iced Peppermint Mocha and I actually liked that despite not being such a fan of mint chocolate.Big fan of this place!  Nestled close to South Street - this place is great place to be in a hip neighborhood, but be just outside the hustle and bustle of South Street. The first thing is the space. They have PLENTY of seating, ample outlets, decent wifi, and great coffee. I got the mocha latte (which is highly recommended, and I would definitely agree), and it was delectable and sweet. The reason I love this place so much is that it is a great place to get work done. There are many coffee shops that focus on the coffee aspect, and some that focus on the work aspect. I think this place does a bit of both (maybe skewed a little bit towards being a great place to work). I'll definitely be back here!Visiting Philly from California and found this gem of a coffeehouse. The best Dirty Chai ever!! Alternative milk choices as well. Friendly staff, lots of seating and even an assortment of games to play if you have time. A must see in a great neighborhood.After finishing my trek to Chapterhouse through torrential downpour last week, I was wet, daring, and needed a miracle to cheer me up.  Luckily, this cafe has a few cantrips to appease even a soggy, grumpy writer.  I've had all but one drink on that extensive menu and on that rainy Friday afternoon was the day it was going to happen, I was going to try the Black and Tan mocha (Chocolate and Peanut butter).  
Now, I love both things.  I love both things together.  I wasn't so sure about loving both things together + coffee.  I asked one of the nice workers if it's any good (I hate asking that question but if it sucks I'd be like, damn I should have asked.  I also have a special power to hear most inner-monolog so I I'm pretty sure he responded before speaking, "No moron, it's on there as a gag"). He said he hadn't tried it but heard people like it and it's one of the owners favs.  I know the owner, cool guy, so I finalized my decision.
Awesome.  
It's hard to describe but the initial hit is chocolate and espresso, then the after taste and smell leaves you with a nice roasted peanut butter vapor in your mouth but here is the treat.  If you love peanut butter like I do, you get sweet peanut butter sludge at the bottom when you're finished, and it was just perfect on that wet muggy crappy day.  I wanted to focus on my work but had a hellavu time just breaking my concentration away from the alchemical perfection.
I know peanut butter is hyper loaded with fat, calories, and all that crap, but I don't care - it was a killer mocha.  That's it.A place for one who wants to keep a calm night little longer. 
I like mugs they have, the art work they prefer to have is commercial side than fine art. 
You can actually buy them if you find one you like. 
It has been one of my favorite art cafe since I moved to Bella Vista area. 
Staffs are all good looking and have neat but interesting fashion tastes. 
Personally I love their innermost space.
Usually they have cute password for wifi, and t's open until 10 p.m.  every day.The latest incarnation of this 9th and Bainbridge java house is by far the best.  No longer does one have to wade throug piles of disorganized second hand clothing to find a table.  The seating is probably the best in Center City with comfy couches and armchairs.  And there is no beating the fireplace.  Their coffee is nice and strong and they have a decent extended drinks selection.  Also, their wireless is reliable.  
It's a little too clean and modern for my aesthetic tastebuds.  I like my coffeeshops served up with a slight dinge.  But kudos the first set of owners to make that location work.I study here really often! It's super convenient location-wise, quiet enough that I can really focus, and has a wonderful atmosphere and coffee. I get their nutella latté as a special treat sometimes. Their prices aren't cheap (around Starbucks prices) but much, much tastier and better quality. 
I love how much light comes in and the big table in the basement is awesome too. They display local artwork.
It's big, open, airy, and my favorite study spot! My only problem is that it fills up like crazy on weekends.I have been to this coffeehouse before, but it has been a few years.I didn't remember how charming it is, spacious, friendly baristas and what a great cuppa coffee (or Americano, in my case they make). Yes, came here on the way to Italian Market. Very nice to know they are still busy with Starbuck's about a block away on South Street. I am interested in moving to Bella Vista, so, knowing there is a cool, indie coffeehouse nearby is very helpful. They sell pastries and sandwiches which seem reasonably priced. Plenty of seating if you need to get out of house to study, write or read. I shall return again.Great, hipster cafe for studying. Quiet and there are many places to sit. The iced Americano is fantastic and I highly recommend - not watered down at all. The Tomato Mozarella sandwich is also very good. One of my favourite cafes in Philadelphia.Big space with lots of seating options - up front is social, faces 9th Street, good for sitting for a short time. The "middle" is a bit darker and quieter, mostly people working on laptops or reading. The "back" is really well-lit and open but gets pretty warm in the summer with just a fan going. There are a few comfy seats perfect for reading. 
The tea menu is extensive, which is great. Less great that it takes them 4-5 minutes to prepare your iced tea but I guess they're just trying to go by the brewing instructions on the tea bags.
Only issue was that I was surprised to find my iced latte was $3.50 - it WAS huge, honestly I would have preferred a slightly smaller size for a smaller price. Maybe this is standard and I'm just being cheap but when I saw that a regular latte or cappuccino was $2.50 and I paid a dollar more, I was sort of surprised.I love Chapterhouse.  For a small counter space, they offer a excellent variety of hot and cold drinks.  I love getting a tea pot-for-two (just for me!) and it's only $3.  The seating area can get kind of crowded because of how popular this place is, but you can always find a seat.  I love the room in the back with the tall windows and bench seating: tons of electrical outlets, minimal distractions from thru traffic and decent people watching.  The staff here is always friendly and there's free WiFi--two additional reasons to come hang out here.  The only drawback is they close at 10 p.m. daily and I wish they'd stay open later, because how great this place is.I've been in here a few times, and I've enjoyed all the beverages I've purchased.  The staff is nice and attentive, so I never have to wait long for a drink.  I'm not crazy about the food I've had here, hence four stars instead of five, but I suppose they aren't really set up to be a cafe.  It's still a great place to get coffee and sit to do work or meet with a friend.  Like a few others have said, I wouldn't sit in the back by the windows if you want to have a conversation, but that spot is nice and quiet for doing work.Great coffee, great food, super service, comfortable atmosphere. I only wish it were 10,000 square feet with parking.Pleasant atmosphere and friendly staff, but unfortunately they brew up the most wretched coffee ever.As mentioned in other reviews and as unadvertised in-store, there is a $10 minimum for credit/debit cards. Semi-impractical, but I'll get over it.
My soy au lait was delicious and a good value for $2.70. I really appreciated the fact that I was served with a mug rather than a disposable cup. The seating and atmosphere were very comfortable. The music was not too loud. The baristas were lovely! The bathroom was clean.
I really liked the local flyer area, filled with pamphlets of upcoming area events and business cards. If I lived in the area, I could definitely see myself as a regular patron of this establishment.Chapterhouse has a very hipster-ish and cozy vibe that is perfect for getting some quality work and studying done. There are so many seats in this place; there are couches, long tables, small tables, and a bar so you're bound to find a spot! It's a very popular study spot for people as you'll see the many students with their USMLE or MCAT books sprawled out on the tables. There are many working professionals here finishing up their projects or deadlines as well. If you don't have work, it's also a perfect place to catch up with some friends! 
And of course, there's free Wifi because what is an amazing coffeeshop without it. Chapterhouse is seriously a dream come true for all coffee fanatics. From the delicious cappuccinos to refreshing tea, super friendly baristas and ample seating, Chapterhouse has become my favorite go-to coffeeshop in Philly!I can't even estimate how much work I was able to get done while downing a latte at Chapter House.  Maybe once out of the many times I've visited have I not been able to find a seat.   Free wi-fi was great (and unlimited).  Ah, but my favorite part (and the extra star) is those little leaves they make in the top of my latte... it's the little things in life that make you smile.Best coffeehouse in the city. I don't drink coffee, but someone there made me perfectly brewed iced white tea. That's impressive. Their aesthetic is great, the weird chairs that are usually uncomfortable are very comfortable there, and everything else about the place made me happy.Just keep on walking past the Starbucks at 9th and South and go to Chapterhouse! Great coffee, friendly baristas, delicious sandwiches, and plenty of tables. What more could I ask for? Not much, but the abundance of windows, outlets, and study-friendly patrons is a much appreciated bonus. Chapterhouse is also dog-friendly which can be a pro or con depending on your pooch appreciation level.Atmosphere was slightly sterile, but that's the only negative....which is small compared to the positives.  Friendly staff, excellent menu, fair prices, they do that leaf thing with their lattes and the chairs were really comfy.  Wish I wasn't from out of town.  I would visit often.Best coffeeshop EVER! First of all the SEATING. The chairs are amazingly comfortable I can sit here for hours without getting really uncomfortable! I hate coffeeshops with uncomfortable seating! Second - the temperature is not freezing! Great room temperature! Thirdly the music is very chill and even by the register it is quiet! The bathroom is clean! The bathroom soap is not harsh on my hands! These details are important!Now, as for the coffee - I got the Nutella latte. It is pretty much just like a hot chocolate and I found it to be too sweet. Actual coffee is great. The selection of teas is GREAT. The service is great. Best coffeeshop I have ever been to in my life.Best coffeehouse atmosphere in the neighborhood.  Also the food selections is wide enough that you can eat lucnh or a light dinner here.
Dog-friendly.I was excited to try this coffee shop after hearing from a friend how great it was. I was extremely disappointed. The pros: fun, eclectic decor and seating. Although the coffee was tasty, it was very overpriced. The cons: pretentious hipsters everywhere!! The barista was beyond rude and I was treated as though I was a bother. There was no sense of appreciation for customers giving their business to this place. I will not be coming back.Got a latte here today and hubby got a double espresso.  Very good. I would def go backI came here with a friend recently to do some studying and did time fly by! We were there for at least 5 hours and had no idea. 
The place is huge, with seating upstairs and downstairs. Upstairs is a lot more loud and it's where people hold conversations, etc. Downstairs is a much more homey feel, with a fireplace, couches, lights, etc. There are a lot of big group tables - it's pretty ideal if you're meeting a lot of people.
The menu: I paid about $8 (with tax) for a panini. Despite the higher than you would expect price for a panini, it tasted absolutely gourmet. I got the European grilled cheese (it comes with various cheeses, meat, olives, etc.)
They have a wonderfully large selection of teas and I also tried their Summertime Italian Soda - it was delicious! My friend also ordered a Banana-Coconut smoothie and she finished it in minutes.I absolutely love this place: everything from the interior design, menu and location! It's in a quieter area so it's easy to do work, and has a somewhat minimalist design that just energizes all your creative juices for productivity. Their menu also has non-generic beverages. 
The place is absolutely beautiful and cozy. One of my favorite things about Chapterhouse is that it has two floors. The lower floor has board games, bigger tables and plenty of outlets. Despite the lower floor being a basement, it actually has pretty incredible natural lighting! Chapterhouse also has a collection of board games and books lying around, so it's perfect if you don't plan to come here by yourself too. It's close enough to public transportation, but far enough to avoid the hustle bustle of city noise. 
I'd recommend the honey bear! It's not exactly a small serving, but I always go through it pretty fast.Fantastic coffee shop for a number of reasons. 1) extremely spacious and comfortable. They have 3 large rooms on the first floor, and a few rooms in the basement. The basement is very quiet -- great for study/work that requires focus. 2) Nice decor with a homey feel. They feature a variety of artwork and swap it out every so often. 3) High quality coffee and extremely friendly staff. (Food options are relatively limited)
If I had to criticize one thing, it would be the wifi. However, I only seem to have issues when the place is completely packed on a weekend during peak hours. Otherwise I've had no issues.I've frequented about ten different coffee shops over the last two months, and I've chosen this lucky lil guy as the one to take me through to the home stretch and the impending bar exam next week(!), as have a lot of other law students, from the looks of the piles of orange Bar review books and stressed looking 20 somethings. Here are some reasons why:
1. Lots of seating, and *generally* far apart enough that you can have your personal space, rest your purse/lunchbox/bookbag/briefcase next to you without feeling like an asshole.
2. High ceilings, big windows that face outside, so you don't feel like punching a baby if you spend 10 hours here (as I do).
3. $2 iced coffee and tea, 50 cent refills on coffee! These are the cheapest prices I've seen at an independent coffee shop, and they have a great selection.
4. A LOT of people here are studying. This is where people who "work from home" are actually working. Every once in a while someone annoying is having a loud chat here, but it's rare, and you can always go downstairs (see # 5).
5. Secret basement area for SERIOUS studying/working.
6. Dog therapy. There is a dog who lives here/works here/hangs out here. He's friendly.
7. Low, minimal annoyance music.
8. Friendly, unpretentious barristas who won't bother you or be in your way, or judge you if you pack your own snacks/lunch/dinner (Hint: Whole Foods is a block away).
9. Decent food. Tried the tomato mozzarella and it was great-although I don't like olives and they're pre-made so...something to consider.
10. Hours! Open till 10! Seriously serious about that serious working vibe.
Only con is the credit card minimum and slight shortage of outlets in the backroom along the wall. (But if you need an outlet, there will be an open one). Also some of the chairs are made of bungee cord material that conform to your butt, which is kinda odd. 
Also! They have lots of board games and books for people who actually want to enjoy their time here.
LET'S DO THIS CHAPTERHOUSE.Chapterhouse has been one of my favorite cafes since my sister took me there in college (4+ years ago). It's super cozy, but has a ton of space inside. They always have a wide variety of tasty drinks and everything is reasonably priced. I love coming here to catch up with a friend or to do work.
The best part? They're open until 10:00pm on weeknights! It's so hard to find cafes open late in this area, so they get bonus points for that! If you're looking for a new cafe or just looking to become a regular, this is your spot.Larger than it appears from the outside, great drinks--from the basic staples to some more interesting (Dominican spin offs, iced tea sodas).  Baristas are very friendly, as seems the customers. 
Bonus for having longer hours than a lot of other coffee shops.
Per Yelp, I got the Nutella latte and enjoyed it--though I tasted more mocha than hazelnut, but creamy and delicious.  I overheard a lot of customers rave about the Dominican drinks, so I shall update next time.Cool venue but meh coffee.
This place is PACKED on the weekends.  There were students and artsy types with their laptops everywhere.  I assume they come to "get away from distractions" and "get work done" but more often than not I saw more work being done on facebook and twitter.
On a side note, the whole going to a coffee shop to "get work done" never made sense to me.  It's like, "Yes, let me force myself to go out and sit at a small table amongst strangers, order some overpriced coffee, and use free, unsecured, and slow wireless internet that's asking to be hacked."  But hey, whatever makes you happy. /rant
I apologize if that offended you, don't take it seriously.  
Anyway we got the "not nutella" and the mint mocha.  I was pretty disappointed with the mint mocha, I didn't taste a hint of mint.  Not nutella was not much better, just sweeter.  On the plus side, service is friendly and fast, and the prices here are reasonable so no complaints there.
Despite this, at least we got out of the cold for a bit.  +1 for that!I came here after looking up and researching for a new coffee shop to get my caffeine fix and fulfill my desire for a spacious study space. I am glad I checked this place out because it met both of my expectations! 
I got a cup of drip coffee from the friendly barista and it was organic yummy coffee and headed to find a space to spend the rest of the afternoon studying at. There are couches and lots of tables to sit at and there are actually two floors! I would highly recommend a visit her if you need to get some work done and be productive. The ambience is airy and relaxed and I would definitely come back!Very cool place to hang out. GREAT COFFEE! plenty of places to sit. However, if you're going there to study, outlets are scarce considering how much seating there is and the internet speed is total crap. Just opening email or web surfing was almost impossible.Excellent cafe for getting work done.  Space feels airy and spacious.  Staff is chill.  Everyone else looks like they're also working, so there's a good worky-work vibe here.  They also have board games if you need a break.  
The only downside is that they don't have a lot of options when I need some good solid food (not desserts, not snacks) to keep me going.There are so many reasons to love Chapterhouse.  Beautiful interior space, amazing art on the walls, delicious coffee, great pastries and treats, clever coffee drink combinations, lush plants in the window.  Even the bathroom is amazing.  No joke.
The Dominican Mocha!  I didn't even know it existed until I tried one from Chapterhouse.  It is a spiced mocha with malted milk.  My other favorite drink would be the Peanut butter mocha made with real peanut butter.  The bagels are delicious, especially with the garlic-herb boursin spread.  The heavenly dessert bars are rich and decadent but worth the extra calories.  
I love the huge space in there, the big library of books and the comfortable seating.  All around thumbs up!Highly recommend this coffee spot! We came here to grab a hot cup of coffee before exploring the magic gardens down the street in the cold weather! 
Ambiance is super chill and the coffee is absolutely delicious! I'm not a huge fan of coffee just cause most times it's way too sweet but man the Nutella Latte I ordered had a very rich taste to it and perfect amount of sweetness!Best coffeehouse I've been to Philadelphia! The coffee is excellent, the downstairs area is a wonderful and usually quiet place to study, internet is free, the staff is friendly, the music selection is always enjoyable...I simply love and am slightly addicted to this place.Being a student, this is my favorite café in Philly. 
1) Open until 10pm
2) Lattes/ caffeine levels are strong
3) Lots of tables/chairs (and a good amount of outlets too)... despite there may be music playing or people talking, somehow, maybe it's the ambiance of the place that still helps, I seem to always be productive here.
4) Loveee their dirty chai !!! (I am definitely biased bc I love chai tea lattes but) this café makes it spicier than 99% of other places.
Overall: A1 place. Thanks for existing!The coffee I am drinking right now is sort of watery, but considering the very positive reviews of this place I will try it again and hope it's better. Beneath some of the watery taste though the coffee taste is pretty good. I like that this place is an independent coffee shop that has tons of tables and space (the space is divided into three rooms and there's also a downstairs). It's cash only so don't be surprised... The latte and shake list looks enticing and potentially very very tasty so I will have to try those another time. For now, I am satisfied enough to consider making this one of my new regular spots. But it looks like I might be fighting for a spot on a weekend! There was no problem at all getting a table (or 3) on a Thursday evening though.Wow, what a find! Chapterhouse just might take the cake for one of the best coffeehouses in the city. The drinks are great (besides the requisite caffeine there are also teas and smoothies - yum) and the food looked good even though I was there at the end of the day. 
But the space was incredible. There were plenty of tables and comfy chairs, and it was light, bright and spacious. The music was good (I remember hearing a Strokes song as I was leaving) and the art they had up was terrific. 
Free wi-fi makes Chapterhouse a great find - I think it's worth the drive wherever you're coming from (we had our Yelpers Caffeine-in here and it was agreed-a good time was had by all). I'll go back there to get some work done soon for sure.Have been meaning to make it out here for some time. Chapterhouse is a wonderful coffeehouse with both a ground floor and basement that can quite literally suit anyone's taste. If you're looking for a more lively, robust atmosphere, the ground floor provides the traffic and sounds similar to most coffee shops. However, if you're looking for a quiet place to read/study, the basement (which is not a dungeon by any means but rather well-lit and well-furnished) provides that outlet.
Staff are friendly and hours are exceptional. Prices are reasonable too!Incredible people,  atmosphere Coffee! Luna was a gracious host. Great place especially if you are tired of the same old chain coffee/tea. Very tranquil environment. I would highly recommend a stop when in the city. Absolutely Fabulous!!Hey, how about posting your $10 minimum somewhere? It is one thing to have a minimum, I get it. But not posting it is irresponsible and contributes to a negative overall experience. This place could have coffee that tastes as though it came from the teat of the Lord- I don't even care because of how aggravating it is to be told at the last second that cards are a /ridiculous/ minimum. I shouldn't have to ask, and I shouldn't have to forgo coffee because you have poor communication as an establishment. I will not be back. I don't care to frequent businesses that clearly cater to the clairvoyant only.Oh my goodness. I hardly ever give places 5 stars, but this place is truly the coffeehouse of my dreams! When my boyfriend took me here, I internally screamed as I walked in - the interior is SO CUTE! It was the perfect level of quiet, as many people were on their laptops or reading a book. The whole atmosphere was just so lovely. We sat by the large window bar and both got Nutella lattes as recommended by other Yelpers. I got skim milk since I prefer less sweet coffee and it was the right amount of sweetness I prefer. I cannot rave about this place enough! It was the perfect spot to stop by on a cold, snowy day. I wished I lived closer - I could come every weekend! The service was very nice as well. The whole environment was really relaxed and chill, which I enjoyed. 
PS - it's a dog friendly cafe (I think). Someone brought a small dog in and he was wearing a little vest and was the sweetest - it doesn't have anything to do with the coffee shop other than that it made me really happy :)I love Love LOVE this cafe!  It's a wonderful space, with comfy seating and Free WiFi.  I go just to chill with a cup or pot of tea and a baked good.  They have a nice variety of teas to choose from, and their baked goods are delicious!  They also have gluten free food options, paninis, and coffee available.  I had the Cheese Cake Brownie and enjoyed every bite of it, in between sips of tea.  The atmosphere there is simply a great vibe to be in to chill, study, or work.  It's not deathly quiet, but not overwhelmingly noisy, it's the perfect amount of ambient noise to be in.  The music is relaxed and set to a good volume, where you can still think, but also listen in as well.  You could get a small group of friends together here and play board games that they have available.  The wall decor displays local art that is constantly rotating.  Very friendly staff.  Reasonable prices.  And it's open late!  I love cafes that stay open at night.  Chapterhouse keep doing what you are doing!I only stopped by to pick up some coffee but I could tell this was an ideal place to get some studying or work done. The overall noise level was low and there was a ton of seating. I ordered the melange latte with almond milk which came out to be roughly $4. Compared to some of the other coffee shops, I would say it's affordable. The melange latte tasted more like a chai and cinnamon latte and the drink tasted watered down. I definitely appreciate the atmosphere but if you're looking for a stronger dose of caffeine, I would go elsewhere.200 feet south of the Starbucks is a beautiful, spacious and independently owned coffee shop that has all the same great options.  And they have plants and nice people and comfy seating and board games and free wifi and authentic architecture and art from local artists and ...I really wish Chapterhouse was in my neighborhood. Such a great place to hang out and get shit done! Very spacious, aesthetically pleasing and quiet! There is music but it's good stuff and pretty quiet. The coffee is good and they have a lot of interesting specialty drinks on the menu. I had never seen a latte with Nutella before! The staff is friendly. The perfect place to bang out your letter of intent, college essay, cover letter or whatever other nerd thing you got goin' on!Big fan of my neighborhood coffee shop. Aside from the make-yourself-at-home ambiance, CH's coffee is bar none. 
There are 2 drinks I regularly get - the Black and Tan (chocolate & peanut butter mixed into coffee) and the Summer Soda (club soda mixed with raspberry and I think blackberry flavors...sooo refreshing).
They always welcome my dog and the music's great. There's just a lot of good energy in here, people.Very lovely cafe with the exception of dead quietness in the back.  My friend and I ordered two different types of lattes.  As we sat down in the back we realized no matter how low we were speaking, it was still too loud.  We headed to the front where the music was playing and the talking no one would barely hear.
Lattes were Delicious!Chapterhouse has friendly baristas and plays music I love. The drink prices are comparable to Good Karma, the closest non-chain cafe in the area. It can get a little cramped, especially during the weekends, with lots of regulars and you'll mostly see people behind laptops. Having been on both the giving and receiving end of dirty looks, I would go elsewhere if you're looking to have a loud conversation. I suggest the Starbucks down the street. The downstairs seating area is very cozy and you can easily pass hours there. As previously mentioned, there's free wifi and a $10 min to use a card. Thanks for getting me through school Chapterhouse!Simply the best Mexican Mocha I have ever tasted. The service was a little lame, maybe a function of the sheer busy-ness of the place.  The sandwich offerings were yummy. Fun, positive atmosphere.Chapterhouse will always have a place in my heart, as it was one of the first cafes in Philly that I frequented regularly after moving to Bella Vista.
The space is stunning - comfy furniture, plenty of light, fantastic art, and a wonderfully extensive drink menu.  It is unlike any other independent coffeeshop in Philadelphia - most others seem to opt for a smaller, darker interior, and it is a refreshing change.  Almost zen-like.
I believe they serve up Equal Exchange Coffee, and perhaps a few varieties from other roasters.  Their selection of sweets is wonderful, and they recently added some sandwiches (I believe) to their line-up, though I've yet to try them.
It's always a bit crowded here and seats can (surprisingly!) be hard to find among all the med students, hipsters, and young professionals.  The fact that Chapterhouse can withstand the opening of a Starbuck's right down the block, and still pack them in more than the chain ever has, is a testament to its greatness.This is a great 'working' coffee shop. The chairs are industrial-comfortable, not gross Craigslist eyesores. Lots of natural lighting flowing in, and excellent ceiling lighting. Someone took the time to consider all the details. 
You do pay several cents more for coffee than you would at other places, but the atmosphere is worth the $0.25 extra.
(Also, the $0.50 refills are pretty great)As soon as I walked in and saw the dark espresso wood colored floors, I was going to like Chapterhouse.  This place is going to turn me into a coffee snob!  Chapterhouse is my new, favorite place for coffee, relaxing and reading.
I got a large iced coffee for $2 and it's flavor was bold, smooth and addictive all in one sip.  The walls were full of local artists' work and most of them were for sale.  The shop itself was decorated very nicely and had plenty of seating.
Chapterhouse is cash only if your order is under $10 and it's a bit warm inside, although, they do have several fans and a/c wall units.  But, there's nothing like good central air.  Oh well, I'm more than content with the coffee.Great place!  Very affordable! A nice variety of lite bites and coffees. The staff are so pleasant and amazingly friendly. Plenty of places to sit and chill out. This is a great place to come and hang. One can read book, socialize with friends or just be one with the cup of joe! Can't wait to come back!  I highly recommend it to anyone that is in the South Street area or just passing through. It's a special brew!Cute, hipster, vegan options, and has a really cool witch/rocker vibe. They also sell artists paintings on the walls. A great find on our weekend trip to Philadelphia!I know I'm supposed to like this place, as it's practically a requirement for living as a student in Bella Vista.  But it's not my favorite, and that may just be my personal taste.  I think it comes down to three things: (1) You can't count on getting a table for studying.  And by the time I drag my behind out of the house to study, I have about 5 minutes to get settled in somewhere before I've lost momentum or been distracted by something else.  So that's hit-or-miss.  HOWEVER, they have "recently" opened a downstairs, so it may be less difficult to find a work space than in the past.  (2) The chairs aren't that comfortable.  They have a lot of those chairs with stringy bodies that are just not sturdy enough for my personal taste.  I need comfort and security to get work done.  What can I say?  (3) The music is often too distracting.  It can be loud and not pleasant, the kind of stuff I might enjoy if I were really paying attention, but don't get into when I want to forget about music altogether and hone in on my tedious reading.  
The coffee is good, though, and the prices are great.  They don't take cards for a simple coffee purchase, though, and since I'm usually strapped for cash, that's another reason I rarely find myself at Chapterhouse.  All in all it's a decent place to get a cup of coffee, even if it's not MY favorite.If you're looking for a place to study, this is a beautiful and chill atmosphere to be! Free wifi, and it's super spacious and clean on the inside. Very friendly staff and neighborhood, I've noticed the locals here are all friends with the baristas :) 
I LOVE sunlight (practically run on sunshine for energy and staying awake)-  they have large window panels at the front making it very bright for studying or catching up with friends! They have lots more seating inside with large tables too if you prefer a quieter and dimmer setting. 
Food and coffee here are decent, but didn't stand out.
The area also has lots of 2 hour parking if you're driving to the area!Hipster looking place. I like that they had different rooms and room  downstairs with some table games on the side.  I wish it could be little more cozy downstairs.  Their coffee is good, and it's a huge plus. Good place for big crowds;)Cute cafe.
Had the Caramel Mocha Latte and it was on point.
My friend ordered a light brew coffee but received the dark roast.
Overall, good experience and would recommend.All the other reviews above speak to the awesomeness of this place, but I give it five stars for one simple reason: they have apple flavored syrup, which makes AMAZING apple-raspberry italian sodas.Pretty good coffee and smoothies. This is a very spacious cafe and a great spot to get some work done. The Internet was not very reliable, but overall this place is worth checking out.No need to repeat what everyone else is saying but this place is great. Nice ambiance, artwork, and flavored lattes.  
Dog friendly too, which was nice.They make Nutella Latte and Hot Chocolate LIKE A BOSS!!! Amazing place, they have a good collection of board games to play and books to read. It is one of those cool places where you'd like to work (or pretend) on your Macbook while sipping on a coffee.Chapterhouse is a coffee shop.
No, wait! It's a gallery!
No, WAIT!!! It's a COFFEE SHOP!!!
Ummmm... it's actually BOTH and it does a top-notch job of being both! Chapterhouse is fantastic because it is a bright, wide open gallery-space-type coffee shop. It features lots n' lots of seating, but get there early! This place is so popular that the seats fill up quickly. Chapterhouse also serves my all-time favorite tea, peach- pomegranate, and I make it a point to get piping hot pots full of it any time I have a day off of work to sit in this cozy place, read, and listen to the relaxing and fun music selections they're always playing. The artists' works that Chapterhouse selects to show are also some of the best and most unique that I have ever seen.I've only been to this place twice, but I have had an enjoyable experience both times. The first time I went was for a poetry reading which was held in the back room. The reading series that Chapterhouse puts on is top-notch, all great writers reading their great work. I saw Thaddeus Rutkowski, Hal Sirowitz, and Jeffrey McDaniel perform at this place, and though the seating was limited, the dynamics of the room gave off some nice intimate undertones. Whatever that means.
But yeah, for a coffee shop, Chapterhouse is your standard coffee shop. I've only had the coffee, but I can tell you this: the coffee is fresh and tasty, isn't too thick and spicy like all the Starbucks that surround Philadelphia in a menacing gaze, isn't burnt like all the Dunkin Donuts. Go here for a good cup. 
The wait staff is friendly and forgiving. There is plenty of free literature strewn about, in the form of newspapers and fliers. There are tables all over the place, though here's my major beef: not enough seating space. It's either because of the popularity of the joint, or because the place doesn't seem like you'd be able to share a table with another patron. Seems like most people go to this place to do work of some sort, whether creative work, school work, or professional work. So be prepared to get something to go.
Oh, and did I mention that the music they play there is amazing? I found myself both entertained and entranced--the perfect coffeeshop tunes cascading in one long row of enchantment.My new go-to CHILL place to relax. I like that it's tucked away from a lot of foot traffic on South Street, yet still so easy to find.
It is not cheap, however - a fat chocolate croissant and a hot chocolate dinged me for $7.  I gotta watch my curves which is growing and my wallet, which is shrinking, so maybe one or the other next time.
Worth it for the convenience of having strong free wifi and a pleasant place to while away time (though I had to move to get away from a couple having quite a loud conversation).  Everyone else seemed to be reading or working on computers and there was enough seating during a weekday afternoon.I'm conflicted about Chapterhouse.  On the one hand, it is a great coffeeshop to do work in.  The coffee is good and the refills are cheap.  The sandwiches and smoothies are really good too; expensive, but worth the money.  It's a great place to do some reading.
On the other hand, these qualities bring their own problems.  The grad student vibe is heavy here - talk too loudly and you will figure out just what looks can kill.  One time, a couple broke up while I was doing my reading next to them.  The background music is repetitive, but luckily, I still like the Cocteau Twins and even, God bless them, the Strokes.  
The baristas are great, except for one thing.  I come in several mornings a week, and once in a while, I only have a twenty dollar bill.  Several times, I have been told that they simply can't make change for me.  Shouldn't you just keep a reserve of ones and fives for just this problem?I love this place, and it's fast becoming one of my happy places in Philly. But why?
-First and foremost, the coffee. I've been getting the iced coffee, but when I feel fancy they have other delicious drinks like Thai Iced Coffee and Ancho Chile Chocolate Latte, etc etc. More reasonably priced than S'bux
-Oatmeal cookie sandwiches with craisins. The key here is the white frosting. Man, they are tasty.
-Size. It's wide open and there are lots of tables (albeit, most of the time they are all filled). High ceilings, windows and natural sunlight... if you took the tables out, I would be happy to call this place my home. 
-Free wifi. This one is important. Also, they have plenty of outlets, which is hard to come by in a lot of these little coffee stores.
-Ambiance. The whirring of espresso machines at coffeehouses often leave me feeling frenzied, which makes it difficult for me to concentrate. Not so at Chapterhouse--I've never noticed it here. 
In conclusion, I really enjoy this relaxed, unpretentious space. The baristas are great, the coffee is yum, and don't forget to get a cookie sandwich.When I lived near Chapterhouse, I was there nearly every weekend.  
They have a boatload of seating options and if it's nice, you can even sit outside in the back patio area.  The baristas are always friendly and they have a yummy selection of coffee, including seasonal favorites such as pumpkin spice and peppermint (for someone who adores mint anything, this is key).
I don't live near Chapterhouse anymore but I oftentimes hop on my bike and make the ride there.  One of the best coffee houses in the city, hands down.Chapterhouse was one of the first coffee-shops I discovered when I moved to Phila. Apparently the place is named after a Dune book (if you guys are into that). Free internet, gorgeous interior, actually good art, and wide variety of people that come here make it one of my favorite coffee-shops. Besides coffee, the always have interesting drink specials (I think they had spicy hot chocolate once) and tons of Italian soda. Not sure if they make food here, but they do have bagels and pastries. I believe they're open pretty late, so it can be a good place to study.Yummy Mexican Hot Chocolate! I'm not a coffee fan. I tried to come here to do work and study. I went to the very last room where the chairs weren't comfortable, so if you're looking to sit awhile pick a different seat. I will be going again to see if I can try a better spot to sit!Stopped in to grab a hot chocolate while on my way to tour around Philly. The Ghiardeli Hot Chocolate ($3) was great and inexpensive! The atmosphere was very chill and the decor was a great mix of classic with some modern clean and bright touches and cool wall art. Wish we could have stuck around to enjoy it but there were sights to be seen!My fella had brought me in here once and it was crowded and i wasn't sure if I was a fan. Seemed a bit up it's own ass--not really as chillaxing as others have said.  
Then yesterday when I was walking from South Philly towards civilization where I live in Center City, I decided to stop in for a drink for walk.     I got an iced tea that hit every spot possible--maybe even the G one.  
The service that I got when I was by myself was so nice, and it confirmed for me that it was always good service not just because i went with a regular as before.  
If that wasn't enough, they've got Noam Chomsky AND Boards of Canada as their myspace friends.  
It's a shame it's so far from my place, but if I ever travel into the wilds of South Philly again, this will be a stop on my way.