LOVED this place. Not just for vegetarians. Came here with two carnivores and they enjoyed it. Get the meatballs with kale pasta. SO GOOD a little spicy but awesome. And for drinks- I def recommend the bramble! And the service was phenomenal. Most fun bartenders!Excellent food, excellent service. Great new Philly vegan restaurant. Tried a sampling of many of the dishes, not a miss in the bunch. Will be back for certain!Wonderful drinks, skilled mixologist! We didn't order any drinks from the menu to see what creativity the bartender could whip up, we told him ingredients & spirits we preferred and let him do his magic... he did not disappoint! To top it off, the ingredients were so fresh and pure, that I didn't feel the usual "sugar" headache the next morning. I think the fresh squeezed juices actually HELPED my liver lolMore of a cocktail bar than a restaurant. There`s a great selection of drinks and a very small selection of food. Everything was beautifully made, drinks and food. However, I was not very impressed with the food. The size of each plate is ridiculously small, even for tapas style. The food tasted good but was nothing special to justify the portion size and price. I`ve had better vegan food at other places, for comparable price. The drinks were really good though!!! So maybe I`ll come back again for drinks when I`m not hungry.Great cocktails, bartenders, and servers! Delicious vegan food. Loved the avocado toast and the bao buns, especially. Sat at the bar and enjoyed every minute. Friendly staff who really took care of us. Thank you! We will be back! Romantic and dimly lit atmosphere. Great for a date or for catching up with a dear friends.Three strikes and I vote this place OUT. Once again, the food was short-portioned and unappealing with overkill or weird combo sauces (raisins and vinegar), drinks were quite good, but either forgotten, or left sitting bar side so long that the ice had half melted. It was not busy, and hasn't been busy at any time I've gone. This includes a weekday happy hour, weekend prime time, and Thursday night at 8:30. And, it's the second time we all had stomach, um, disturbances shortly after eating. The decor is a murky, dirty blue, and has oddly shaped and very uncomfortable chairs in the front lounge area. The bar itself is attractive and bartenders are skilled. A highlight - beautiful and interesting wallpapered bathrooms with soothing lighting. Good thing, since after eating the food, you may need to spend some extra time in there.As a person who is always willing to try things atleast once, I am glad that I went. The decor is nice and there was a lot of interesting conversation about the food. That said, the dishes were thoughtful, but since their niche is veggie wish they has pushed the envelope on technique to showcase vs. as many dishes that used them in lieu of meat.Great place for craft cocktails and ambiance.  
They care about their ice, and for an old fashioned and many other cocktails, quality of ice can make or break the drink.  CWAS is making great ice, forming the foundation for great drinks.Finally get to try this place. Awesome food. Amazing staff and good ambience. 
Drinks: pimms cup ( nice cucumber flavored) and 100 years of solitude ( spicy jalapeño flavored). Both the drinks were amazing.
Avacodo toast - in love with it was super duper delicious.
Crispy tofu roll - second fav. Gave a kind of veg sushi flavor to it.
Smoked cauliflower - a lil blend for the taste but was already told about it so no complains. Like the taste of golden raisin. Gave a good flavor to it.
Bucatini and meatballs - spicy!! Though we did ask for it. Was really nice. Good flavor of marinara sauce. 
Tried peach tart for dessert - i wasn't a big fan of it but my husband loved it. Too much peach for me.
Overall good service and good recommendation by server based on our taste. He gave all the recommendations to U.S. based on the kind of taste we were looking for and was all perfect. 10 on 10. Limited and rotating menu. Will definitely want to try the next menu too.Amazing! From NYC and lived in philly for years and have been a vegetarian for loge and have to say this is the best hideout on the busiest restaurant street I've ever been to! Props to the chef for coming out with innovative ideas. The "meat" taste real and is not that expensive. Deff a must go to spot in Philly vegetarian or not! And service is impeccable. Best I've seen especially with the welcoming of bar tenders.Yummy! Charlie was a sinner was a hit! 
The location is an intimate setting with dim lightening, candles, and a mix of classic music. The atmosphere is very relaxed but it can get quite loud as the space is not that large but I like the setup.
Onto the food. I ordered the zucchini "crabcake" slider starter which was ok. It wasn't exactly what I was expecting. The taste was ok and the slider bread was delish. For my meal I ordered the buccatini and "meatballs" and it was an instant hit! The pasta was cooked perfectly, the "meatballs" had a nice spice to them, and the sauce was some of the best tomato sauce I've ever had.
This place is an instant fav. I will certainly be here again next time I'm in the area.A must for happy hour for all vegetarians and non vegetarians in the area! Almost everything is under $5, so it's perfect to go with a group and split as many things as as possible. My favorite was definitely the crab cake sliders, they were perfect. I think the potato croquettes were just OK, a bit too mushy on the inside for me. The ricotta dip is super rich and creamy. The atmosphere is nice and dark, and feels like an upscale British pub. Would definitely come back and try the rest of the menu!Make reservations! We walked into a 45 minute wait according to the maitre d' so the four of us went to the bar.
Quite a busy and beautiful place. Very noisy and compact. The menu is entirely vegetarian with a small number of selections.
We loved - LOVED - the Potato Croquettes. Crispy golden on the outside; creamy in the inside. The Chickpea Fries were pretty outstanding as well. Better than the ones I tried last week while visiting North Carolina.
Drinks and beer were OK. We had to settle for Tito's Vodka, which is pretty nice, but not to my wife's taste. Her vodka and cranberry gave her an upset stomach (only 1 drink). The cranberry juice fermented or the bartender used cranberry soda.
No diet soda for the rum and coke but they had a decent selection of beers on tap and bottled.
90 minutes later we went to El Vez for dinner. I never heard from the Maitre d' about a table here. I may come back with a reservation to give this place a fair try. Unfortunately the lack of communication got to me.I have nothing but good things to say about this place, mouth watering drinks, fantastic food. 
For me it's in a excellent location. It's definitely got a sexy/romantic feel to the layout. Cocktails are great, food is okay but overall I would definitely recommend this place to anyone.I have been wanting to come here for months and I finally made it last Wednesday for Sips! The service was incredible, 2 people came up to us and asked if they could get us a drink while we were waiting for our table. A man who looked like a manager even pulled up 2 bar stools so we didn't have to stand. Grade A customer service. 
I enjoy eating at a restaurant that displays pride in the food and beverages they are serving. Charlie was a sinner did just that! 
The food was amazing! I got the meatballs, which are made using seitan. I haven't had a real meatball in a few years but I am positive this one is better! My boyfriend, who is a relatively picky carnivore, thought it was amazing too. I really liked the mint infused water that was brought to each table. 
Overall, Charlie was a sinner exceeded my expectations and I will definitely be going back!I loved this place! Only been once, but I can't think of any complaints. The food was great, the drinks were great and I loved the ambiance. I can't wait to return.
I got the artichokes, polenta, and a celery juice cocktail.  LOVED the polentaABSOLUTELY the best "BAR" i have been to in a long time.  Talking.... gourmet vegetarian at its best.  Delightful tastes in every bite, every dish unique.  And the cocktails were extremely well made, unique.  Lovely place... sit at bar or up front in the cozy lounge.  Get there early.... relax and enjoy a lovely atmosphere and great service.  Thanks Charlie... a great surprise on our trip this weekend from NYC.   Ps   we headed over to ZAHAV for a nightcap and a few more tasty treats.  Five Stars there as well :)I'm not a vegetarian or a vegan and I thought this place was great.  The food is very well thought out and wonderfully put together.  The drinks were really cool and creative too.  Our server Christian was hilarious and very knowledgeable about the entire menu.  Whatever your food preferences are,  this place is perfect for a night out.This is hhe best food I've had in Philly (vegan or not) I love everything I've ever had there (about 15 dishes) and their cocktails are great too. The atmosphere is what really makes it too. I recommend this place to everyone especially for a  romantic settingThe service was efficient, but not necessarily very friendly or helpful. Example: our server simply put menus on the table and eventually took our order. He didn't tell us anything about the menu items or list any favorites.
The food was alright, but very expensive considering the portion sizes and ingredients. I understand paying a lot for mushrooms foraged from the edge of a violent, active volcano, but a snack-sized bowl of grits with a single oyster mushroom sliced up in it was $12. Meh.
On the bright side, the cocktails were very good.I'm obsessed with this place. it was my first vegan restaurant experience and the food was to die for. The service was phenomenal and the specialty drinks were of the hook! I went for a date and the dim lighting made for a super romantic atmosphere. I will definitely be going back!  I hope they have the same vanilla bean salad dressing. I wanted a to go container when I was done because it was that good!We had an impromptu anniversary date and were immediately impressed with the vibe of Charlie Was a Sinner. Josh at the host stand was super friendly and sat us immediately at what he said was the best table. Our server was the only issue we had with the experience. She left us with the menu and didn't check back on us for about 15 minutes and carried herself with an attitude.
We ordered the warm spicy nuts - very flavorful but too hot (temperature) to eat which meant they were way over cooked and a bit burned. We also ordered the Korean tofu, ramen noodles, potato croquettes and beetroot jar. Everything but the beetroot jar was innovative and delicious and a great example of how vegan foods can be prepared. The beetroot jar was presented very well but the ricotta was not very flavorful so it left us feeling like I could have made it at home.
The penicillin and the cantaloupe cocktails were amazing. We'll be back for the cocktails for sure!
When Josh checked in on how we liked everything we told him it was our anniversary and he brought 2 glasses of champagne and some lemon sorbet with two spoons! Such a nice surprise a lovely gesture.This place is a refreshing addition to the Philadelphia restaurant/nightlife scene. It's intimate and dark, and a perfect for happy hour or a date night with vegans and non-vegans alike.   
My favorites are the wheatgrass cocktail (green chartreuse, wheatgrass) and Marlyland 'crab cakes'. The menu changes but they seem to be staples. I also always like to try whatever taco is available that day, and have never been disappointed.I've been meaning to try out this place for a while- I'm only sorry that it took so long to check it out. We sat at the bar last night and took advantage of their happy hour specials before ordering entrees- everything was incredible. We ordered the ricotta, charred shishito peppers, and zucchini 'crabcake' sliders to start- the food was served quickly and was very good- the peppers were my favorite. The bartender, Patrick, was great- he mixed perfect cocktails, was really nice, and somehow kept my water glass full all night without me ever having to ask, despite the crowd of people around the bar, none of which were kept waiting to order. Later, we tried the charred brussel sprouts (the pickled red grape and pomegranate compliment them perfectly) and potato gnocchi (the smoked tomato butter it is served with is amazing). We also tried the chocolate pot de creme dessert- I'm not big on desserts, but my friend (who is not vegan) absolutely loved it. The ambiance is nice, too, perfect for a night with a couple of friends, or a date. Best of all, everything on the entire menu, including the drinks, is vegan. Will definitely be returning!I must admit, I wanted to love this place, but the food was very average. Atmosphere good, drinks tasty (minus the bartender's attitude). If you want drinks it's ok for happy hour. The host and server had good customer service, but it's not enough to make up for average, overpriced vegan food..Went with a group of friends and the food was delicious. We got a variety of plates which were all just divine (zucchini burgers, potato croquettes, mushroom risotto, caesar salad, gnocchi). The place is small but they tried their best to be accommodating. My only issue was the waitress didn't give us enough utensils or napkins and with lounge tables so small exquisite service is a must.Good cocktails and good service.  They thought someone had ordered their chickpea fries, but when no one claimed them, they told us to have them on the house.  Additionally, they were all very focused on ensuring that we had a genuine good experience.
So why 3 stars?  Well, it wasn't unique from the other number of cocktail bars showing up across the city.  They weren't first so I was seeking something different about them - and really couldn't find it.  Slightly related, this is similar to frozen yogurt places - I was thrilled to find Pinkberry in LA years ago, but am now tired of seeing the number of mom & pop fro-yo places buying into the trend.  It seems a similar thing is occurring amidst the craft cocktail scene.  Perhaps the food is their focus - if so, I will say that I enjoyed my crab cake sliders and was impressed by the price ($7) for two of them.  However, it didn't blow me away - and the cocktails blended into the others I've had across the city.
I'll go back as part of an evening, but it isn't a spot I'll plan a night around.Loves:
-- The vibe. The environment is chic but comfortable, with dim lighting and sort of a lovely overall ambiance. The tables in the back are perfect for date night, and I can imagine spending a comfortable evening sitting at the bar. Additionally, the branding work was done by P'unk Ave, a great local design firm, so everything from the menus to the check envelopes (you'll see) are stylish. 
-- The staff. Everyone was very friendly and welcoming. For a smart Center City spot, a hostess that doesn't glare at you is almost unheard of. 
-- The menu. Small plates totally work for this spot and the variety was interesting and exciting, especially the gnocchi with fava beans and the beet dumplings.  I'm looking forward to going back and trying the things I didn't order. Additionally, as a person with a egg allergy, it was fantastic to be able to order anything I liked off the menu without worrying about looming anaphylaxis, so bonus points there. 
Needs work: 
-- The service. I asked for a drink recommendation, telling the waiter I didn't like sweet or fruity drinks, and he suggested the 5 Year Plan, which, when it arrived was very similar to an Old Fashioned, which I hate because they tend to be more like alcoholic fruit punch. It was good, just not my thing. My date had the Bullseye, which I liked much better. Additionally, we waited a *very* long time for dessert, and when it arrived, our apricot tart with vanilla ice cream was a plum tart with pineapple sorbet. It was delicious, but if there was a problem with our dessert, we should have been informed about the substitution beforehand. 
-----
Overall, I'm optimistic about Charlie was a sinner. It suffers from some of the normal new restaurant hiccups, but nothing I don't think they'll get the hang of and it will not keep me from returning.Zuchini crab cakes are delicious! We sat near the door, but the traffic was negligible. Drinks and music are good too. Staff is very attentive and helpful. Come for any occasion.This place was pretty good! We came here on a late Saturday night in August and were seated immediately. It was SUPER busy and loud but we were hungry. We ordered four dishes: the croquettes, zucchini crab cakes, gnocchi and ramen. 
I loved the croquettes! They were so light and savory and came with a great creamy sauce. The crab cakes were awesome too! I loved the bun. My only complaint is that they were SO SMALL. 
The gnocchi was definitely housemade. It was super soft and we loved the cherry tomatoes that came with it. The ramen was a big disappointment. It had no flavor and tasted like nothing. 
Other than the ramen, we loved the meal!I was very impressed with this bar. It's up-scale but not pretentious which I love. The decor is very trendy yet organic, which makes it inviting. The staff is very friendly and helpful. I asked our waitress to recommend a drink based off of my tastes, she customized a drink for me. This really impressed me. It's a perfect placed to have a drink at a table. It's a little loud and dark but that's what makes it trendy. It's a fantastic first date place because you can talk but you can distract yourself too;-)Food is delicious. All vegan. Very fresh and creative. But def over-priced. I'm very tempted to give only 3 stars. But the service was nice, so 4 stars it is.I have been looking for an opportunity to try Charlie Was A Sinner for several months, and was certainly not disappointed.  What a great spot for foodie vegans (and non-vegans won't be disappointed either!) looking for a great little night spot with creative well-balanced cocktails and delicious and innovative small plate dishes.The food is awesome, but it is so incredibly loud there it's not a very pleasant place to eat. I came for a date with my boo, and we had to scream at each other above the din. It was hard to relax and enjoy the food, because it was impossible to have a conversation. It is pretty crowded (easy to bang elbows with your neighbor) and that doesn't help the noise sitch since you can hear them screaming as well. Maybe if I was at the bar for a lively drink it would be fun, but the care put into the food is not matched by care put into the experience of eating the food.This is the 2nd time we have been here. It's so much fun to try the different drinks with so many ingredients , and the vegan food! Yummy! We have been wanting to come back since the first time. Drinks are ~ $13 ....very original combinations . The place gets packed .Came in for drinks and had a wonderful time. Coming from Chicago, I unfortunate have high expectations when it comes to cocktails... This place met them. From the ice you could tell the drinks would be fantastic. The food looked great too. Will definitely be back.Went here for my birthday (but didn't tell the waiter it was my birthday). Service was slow - it took about 20 minutes to put an order in after we were sat. The food was good (I'm a vegetarian) but I felt like my experience food wise was better at Vedge. I probably wouldn't go back, due to the price point. Also kind of sucks that happy hour is only at the bar (which has about 10 seats).No Sinning At Charlie Was A Sinner! To Quench, To Savor, To Sin! The three chapters at this amazing find in Philadelphia is second to none!
Every small sharing plate was outstanding. Unless you absolutely positively have to have meat, you owe it to yourself  and your friends to check it out and enjoy the tasty menu that will leave you trying to eat more just to try the next item. 
As a vegan, this is the most variety of outstanding I've experienced.The place is super cute and they accommodate groups pretty well.  The food was good overall, but rather than being truly unique, some of the dishes were a little all over the place.  I didn't feel a theme to the menu.  Either way, it's worth checking out if you're in the area and they have a great drink menu.  It's also a great date spot with dim lighting, a hip bar, and dishes meant to be shared ;)Went here for the birthday dinner of a friend expecting to pay more than I wanted to pay for less than I wanted to eat, and was thoroughly charmed. Charlie's vegan fare is not only tasty and filling, but innovative as well. I was a huge fan of the carrot mousse, somehow both light and decadent, and subtlety of the vanilla citrus salad. Other hits included the gnocci, crispy tofu roll, and homemade "ricotta." Pass on the leeks (bizarrely tiny portion) and bucatini (one note, forgettable). 
While you're exploring the outer limits of vegan cuisine, definitely hit up the extensive and creative cocktail menu. I greatly enjoyed The Great Dictator (tequila, averna, pear/ginger shrub, lemon) despite the massive "artisan" ice cube it came with. I get it, it melts slower so as not to dilute the drink. It also makes that glass look way fuller than it is.  
The atmosphere is intimate and quirky, a sort of modern update on the '20s speakeasy. This seems the perfect spot for a memorable happy hour or quick bite with friends. Coordinating a large dinner was a bit tricky as all reservations for 6+ people must be made through a manager. Our servers were friendly, accommodating, and attentive to the birthday occasion (with complementary candle and all). Shout out to the carafes of water stuffed with fresh mint - both refreshing and a nice visual. Will definitely be back.Super crowded on Friday night. Bar tender was not helpful in letting you know most preferred drinks.Great service. Very attentive and welcoming.
Very nice drink & food selection.
Great for Vegetarians & Gluten Free! 
New favorite next to Vedge. Or is it better....? :)I don't even know where to start. This place is excellent!
We recognized the name from a list of recommended bars around the country shared by an excellent bar at home. I snagged a last-minute reservation for a Friday night via OpenTable, which was lucky since there was quite a wait for walk-ins.
The cocktails were wonderful and well-balanced. I had a great Manhattan, my standard order at a new bar--gives me a baseline to tell me if they are my kind of bar. (They are.) A house specialty cocktail was creative & fun. 
The food was excellent by any standard. It can rival any non-vegan menu. My husband declared the potato gnocchi one oc the best things he's eaten in years. I liked the eggplant buns too. We both loved the sunchoke soup. Everything was boldly flavored. 
The atmosphere is hip. The decor is stylish. Service was incredibly quick for a craft cocktail bar but not rushed. 
Highly recommended.I wasn't expecting to love this place, but I can't say one bad thing in this review! I'm a fan!
My husband brought me here for my birthday dinner. My husband has been vegan for about 18 years, and I have been attempting to keep a vegan diet for several years, but I'm not always successful. In other words, we have eaten a lot of vegan food (good and bad) and Charlie Was A Sinner goes in the VERY GOOD column. 
We arrived without a reservation around 7pm on a Saturday and it was pretty crowded. We were offered a seat at the bar but we didn't want to eat there. After about a minute, the hostess was able to move some tables around and found us a table for 2. She knew it was my birthday so I think she did us a favor. Our server was fantastic. He was quick and knowledgeable. I wish I could remember his name. Everything we ate was great. We started with the Ricotta and Crab Cakes - the Ricotta was probably my favorite. I could eat that every single day. We also shared the tofu & bean sausage, the gnocchi, and the bucatini and 'meatballs'. Out of those, the tofu & bean sausage was my favorite. We also shared a dessert, which the server brought out with a candle on top. I made a wish and blew out my candle. My wish was to eat more excellent vegan food in 2016.Amazing cocktails!
Had the Dr. Zhivago and tried a few others.  Loved the vibe of the whole place and the bartenders are definitely legit.
Can't wait to go back and try the food, because it all looked and smelled delicious.I had the pleasure to wine and dine in here couple weeks ago and I just wanted to say what an amazing waitress Victoria "Tori" is.Wonderful, sweet soul.Thanks for making my bachelorette night so much more special.My second visit to Charlie Was a Sinner (CWS) and as enjoyable as the first. CWS is cozy restaurant with a vibrant bar scene and very creative, well prepared vegan dishes. The noise level is high because it is filled with folks enjoying the drinks, food and the folks they are with. 
The menu lends itself to sharing as it offers a great variety of smaller to medium dishes, which makes choosing from the many appealing options easier. Plan on at least 3 dishes per person but save some room for their excellent desserts.Okay so, I originally came here because I'm a cocktail snob and they truly have some of the best bartenders in the city (possibly the east coast). So I'm gulping down my drinks at the bar (because I really didn't have a choice, they were that good) and realize, "Crap! I need to get some food in my belly before I turn into a slurry mess." So I get the menu, order about 3-4 things, enjoy every single bite and rave to the bartender about how savory and filling their food was. He laughs and goes, "Yeah, it's surprising what you can do with vegan food." MY JAW DROPPED. I literally had no idea it was vegan. Not a clue. I LOVE MEAT but man I did not need it that night.Everything is so tasty!! Each dish has such a great symphony of flavors. And the drinks.. Fantastic. I would recommend the crab cakes, chickpea fries, and leeks. I wasn't sure what I was gonna get with the leeks, but they were cooked to perfection with a delicious romesco sauce. May have been my favorite dish. I'm a huge fan of vegetable dishes though, so if you're looking for something heavier, leeks may serve as a nice appetizer then. The pasta is a more familiar dish for non vegans. The sauce has a great bold flavor and the "meatballs" are just bursting with an array of spices. Delish. Obviously the desserts are out of this world too. Chocolate cake and I believe it was a warm apple tart pie were so yummy.
Service was on point. Waitress was very nice and our food came out at a good rate. Also a nice bonus was the mint infused water. 
Love Charlie's. 100% going back.I do not follow a vegetarian diet, however; all of my friends were raving about this place. So glad I went! The staff was very friendly and the food was great.
I would recommend the brussels sprouts and the Korean BBQ Tofu. I would also recommend making a reservation if you're going on the weekend. The place gets very crowded and there aren't many tables.I liked my visit to Charlie was a Sinner, and I can see myself coming back for happy hour. The decor is swanky and the menu is new and exciting. We tried a happy hour strawberry cucumber drink that was perfectly summery and fruity. We also had the vegan crabcakes, which were moist and citrus-flavored. I personally thought it was a pretty good representation of crab, but if I were expecting actual crab, I may have been disappointed.
On that note, my only complaint about this bar is that I didn't see anywhere in the menu that this place was all vegan. I only saw it on yelp because I frequent the site, but if I were a visitor expecting hot dogs or crab cakes (both of which are on the menu), I would be really angry if a vegan version came out unexpected. Regardless, I loved the food and the drinks, and I happen to also love veggies, so I was happy with my choices and experience here!Who knew a bar could do vegan so well. The only reason to hold back a five star rating is so I can ensure I get a table in the future. The attractive wait staff were impeccable throughout service. Recommend to order about 2-3 dishes per person to start, unless you're very hungry. Very Reasonably priced beers, and the cocktails were pretty good. The vibe is energetic and plays on the old saloon theme in a classy way. They def could use some sound dampening panels. Hard to talk across the table.I went to Charlie's a Sinner a couple of months ago and I forgot to write a review til today! As far as I remember, the drinks were tasty and not that strong. Also the food menu offers a lot of different vegan/vegetarian dishes. I remember I particularly really enjoyed eating the Korean Styled Tofu and the Maryland Style Crabcakes. I definitely need to visit it again!This place is awesome. Best meal I've had in years. Literally years. 
It's all small plates so we had the Korean tofu, ramen, potato croquettes, and spaghetti. Everything was mind blowing. My only regret was not getting dessert. We really wanted to but were so full after all the food we ordered that we couldn't possibly. 
The ambiance was nice - a little dark. I would recommend this for a date or place to catch up as the place itself is tiny so it would be awkward getting a big group in there. The music isn't blaring so you can actually hear each other gush about how wonderful the food is. Service was great too.
In sum, I would come back to Philadelphia for this meal alone.Crazy good cocktails....Charlie behind the bar is spot on. Had some happy apps that were way better than expected. Great room to chill out for a while without the bs pretension.Even if you are not vegan, I would still highly recommend this place. After coming here with my wife a couple weeks ago, all I can say is, wow. The service was attentive and friendly, even though the place was packed, and the atmosphere was totally unexpected for a relatively casual spot. 
Among other things, the artichoke frites were crispy and flavorful, served on a heavenly bed of (I may be spelling this wrong) saffron rouille that seemed to embody all that has been missing in my life. The crispy onion and lemon slices also added a nice texture to the dish. 
However, our favorite item by far was the potato cup confit. If I try to describe it, I will probably start drooling, so all I will say is, get it. Even despite the tappas style of the menu, I would suggest that each person get their own order. In fact, each person should get two orders. If you go to this restaurant with three other people, your table should get at least eight orders. IT IS SERIOUSLY THAT GOOD.
We managed to drink every cocktail on the menu at least once, but the one that stood out to me was the "done and dusted", consisting of patron xo, espresso, and some other thing I can't remember. But it was amazing. Seriously. It even seemed to give me superhuman powers and appeared to give a distinct "size difference", if you catch my drift. My wife can also attest that my "performance" that night was better than when I was 21 years old, and I'm pretty sure it can be attributed to the done and dusted. A truly magical drink. We will absolutely be coming back again soon :)Charlie has sinned, alright
First, I'll echo the sentiments of others.  The cocktails are good and worthy of its location.  The owner should heed that advice, blow out the tables, and make better use of its coveted PA liquor license because the food is frankly uninspiring.  Vegan food doesn't have to be bland if done right and with good ingredients. Vegetables and starches can be some of the most flavorful parts of a meal if given their proper care but unfortunately, only 1 of the 6 dishes I tried during dinner was balanced or well-cooked.  The service left something to be desired as well. (More on that later)
Vanilla citrus salad - No Vanilla flavor to speak of, salty and only got any citrus when biting into a bitter orange wedge, thus overpowering everything else around it.
Avocado bread - Good, but a bit spicy for my date.  Charred bread overpowered the delicate flavors of everything else with the dish. Charred bread can work if slathered with butter or accompanied by a savory meat but I think a little more care would have made this dish a lot better.
Crab cake - Really fabulous dish - well enjoyed and should have just ordered 4 of them
Gnocchi - tasteless and rubbery. 
Meatball - I've made vegan meatballs at home with leftover hull from my juicer.  When done right, they can really embolden a pasta dish.  These were unfortunately burned and tasted of it which wasn't good at all.  The pasta was decent as was the sauce but any college kid knows how to make that.
Tofu Puttanesca - Picture a small post-it note sized piece of tofu, cooked on its own with no seasoning and then placed with a dish that doesn't make sense.  That's what we had.  The Tofu was barely beyond warm and was completely devoid of flavor.
As for the service, if you're going to go small plates (Which is all the rage these days) then step up your game and offer clean plates between servings. Two people are going to share the plates so this should come as no surprise.  What little flavors there were eventually all got moshed together so my plate was a disaster by the end of dinner.  Our server did ask if we'd ever been before, which we hadn't and used that opportunity to tell us nothing about the particular dishes on offer, that the avocado toast would be a little spicy or what some of the more popular dishes are.  At one point, we got checked up on about 5 times in the span of 10 minutes and were asked "How is everything, Excellent, is it not?"  
 Another couple next to us had a different server who explained the menu at least.  Far be it for me to tell someone else how to run their business but the food isn't good enough to compete with the fact that it has got Barbuzzo and Jamonera right next to it although I think the fact that it is Vegan will drive some traffic for that aspect alone.  Ditch the small plate dining concept since most of the dishes are uninspiring, expand the bar, and offer nibbles, like the crab cake and the avocado toast and there might be something there.Charlie was a sinner is hands down my favorite restaurant in Philadelphia, vegan or otherwise. 
The drinks are strong and unique. And I could eat their bucatini and meatballs every day of my life and not be mad at it.Great drinks, great ambiance and service, but the food is only ok.
I feel like to get the best of this place (and I've been here three times now), you'd go for cocktails and split a small bite or two between yourself and your friends, maybe get dessert. This way you get to enjoy the lovely decor and atmosphere, have their truly outstanding drinks, and nibble on something pretty that looks fancy and doesn't cost as much as you'd pay elsewhere for the presentation.
The space is tiny but beautifully put together. It's luxe and very vintage/1920s-inspired, with lovely plush couches, gorgeous teal walls, green and gold accents, and chandeliers. Being there is a treat. The drinks are unique and strong and delicious, and served in proper glassware.
The problem with the food is that it's looks over substance, and while I value presentation in my food, it's gotta be backed up with taste. If you're going to put foam on top or draw designs in cream sauce, those things had better actually play well with the rest of the dish. I felt like flavor-wise, most things, while palatable, were quite underwhelming.
To anyone who cares:
-Zucchini sliders and the caramelized eggplant bao buns were really good.
-Potato croquettes were just ok. Structurally, they have a well done crust and very pleasant soft texture inside but very little actual taste. They end up being just a bland vehicle for the chipotle aioli. Lumpia spring rolls were likewise mostly tasteless. They were also accompanied by an odd choice of dipping sauce that looked and tasted like applesauce. They would definitely have tasted better if dipped into something tangier.
-Smoked cauliflower was very disappointing. It was mushy, tasteless (again), unnecessarily sweet, and not smoky at all.
-Confit potato cup had a very pleasant lemony arugula salad, but the "cup" was mealy and tough, and the filling would have been a lot better if it was thicker and creamier. It didn't really go together in any way, the stuffing was more like a bunch of mushrooms just hanging out in a potato tube than an actual filling.
-The chocolate pot de creme was very pleasant. IfCharlie's is a great spot whether you're looking for a romantic date or a casual hangout. The drinks ($13 each) are always great - and strong - and their vegan fair means that there's something for everyone. 
I've especially liked Charlies punch, the drink with boba, and their matcha drink. In terms of food I've definitely had some misses. I don't care much for the croquettes or the bao buns but I loved the avocado toast and I thought the korean style tofu and ramen were nicely done as well. The food is fairly priced, so I never mind experimenting when I go!
I came recently with a pretty big sweet tooth, and so after trying much of the dessert menu I'd definitely recommend trying something if you have space.I haven't tried the food yet, just went in for a couple of cocktails.  
These are pretty well made cocktails, not as overwhelmingly amazing as some of my favorite cocktail bars, but better than most.  
Singapore Sling is a classic gin based cocktail with mixed juices.  This was very well done.  In my experience, this drink tends to overpowering with sugar, but the fresh juice eases down the sugar content to produce a nice balance.  
Purity of Essence was a cucumber mint based gin drink.  It wasn't overly sweet (still a little sweet for my taste), it seemed like it could use a bit of straining if it is going to be served in a highball glass.
East of Eden is basically a Manhattan (perhaps I should call it a Manhattan variant).  I thought it was well made, and the fig garnish was a nice touch.  The Bullseye is basically an old fashioned.  Listing these two drinks as a "signature drink" is a bit of a disappointment.  Nothing wrong with classic drinks (they are some of my favorites) but if you are going to bill yourself as a creative cocktail bar, you need to do a little more than that.
Pricey drinks, friendly service, trendy ambiance.Great ambiance and great service. The drinks and food are bursting with flavor. All around great.This place is amazing! Best cocktails I have had in a while. Tasty food as well. Had the Singapore sling, which can be awful if not made well, and it was made perfectly! Was in a tall glass, so it was nice and refreshing. Next I had the "ask again yes", which was tequila, rhubarb and lime. This was served in a small glass, and was nice and strong. As for food, we tried the chickpea fries, the "crabcake" sliders, and Korean fried tofu. Chickpea fries and sliders were really good. I'm not a huge tofu fan, but my friend enjoyed them! Staff was friendly, bartender was very helpful at picking out drinks for us both. Can't wait to go back and try more drinks!!What a great surprise. I stopped in here as Vintage and El Vez were crazy full for the holidays. An amazing selection of vegetarian options. The highlight of the night was the punch. Perfect for the holidays, light and refreshing, with a hint of green apple and cloves. It was like a light mulled wine. Yummy! I'd go back anytime.CWAS cannot be missed! As both a meat and veggie lover, this is absolutely worth the adventure. Snag a res, this place is tight and crowded. Being from NJ, I find myself visiting philly quite often. I have visited CWAS this past September as well as Sept 2016 for a friend's birthday who is vegan. This is some place I would have never chosen on my own but I highly recommend this joint. 
Friendly and attentive staff, sweet environment and decor. If you get the chance to sit in the back sit away from the wall so you can see the cool screen playing old video clips. 
In my recent visits I have tried the Gin cocktails on special and fell in love. They use such awesome ingredients like ginger and rosemary and I enjoyed the creativeness. 
As it is tapas, we chose to order almost everything. Standouts were the Bucatini and meatballs and Korean fried tofu. I could have sworn it was meat! The Tofu was crisp, spicy and so flavorful, i could have ordered and eaten it all night long!  The zucchini crab cake sliders were tasty though I wish there was more filling it was too much bun! Try the Bao buns! They won't compare to some amazing one I've tried in Brooklyn, but hoisin sauce is great!We ordered just about everything from the menu, and had no complaints. Potato Croquettes, Ricotta Toast, Vanilla Bean Salad, Brussels Sprouts, and Mushroom Barley Toasts were our favorites. However, everything was was wonderful! Amazing food, service, and ambience. I already can't wait to come back!Nice little cocktail bar.  This reminded me of a smaller, abbreviated version of The Roosevelt Room in Austin.   Seating is cozy and comfortable at the bar.  Bartender somewhat aloof; couldn't be bothered to do more than mix drinks.  Service was fine- just don't go here expecting conversation with the bar staff.  Nary a hello or a goodbye.  It's alright though- gives the place character. This would be a great spot for a date.  Cozy nooks and strong drinks.Best vegan restaurant I've eaten at in a longggg time.
The ricotta is a must.  So yummy.  Also the "meatballs" are delicious.
Definitely returning soon.Came here for drinks. The ambiance is great. We got the penicillin and Charlie's punch. The penicillin tasted pretty smokey because the scotch. Couldn't finish it. They were nice enough to exchange it for another. Charlie's punch tasted great.When we first walked into Charlie Was a Sinner, I did not feel hip enough to be there! It's very swanky but in a hipster type way. I'm typically a wine type of gal, but figured I should try a cocktail since that seems to be their specialty. I can't remember the name of my cocktail but it was delicious. My husband got the Penicillin and it was most certainly one that could put hair on your chest. 
For food we got the following
Vanilla Citrus Salad - GET IT! It wasn't my first choice but I went along with it and it was my favorite of the night
Maryland Style "crab cakes" - Pretty delicious. I didn't think it tasted like a crab cake and then as if he was (doing the opposite of) reading my mind, my husband said "this is great, it really tastes like a crab cake!"
Chickpea Fries - really good but I don't think they qualified as "health food" by any means
Young Leeks - Good but not memorable. I had higher hopes for these tiny little baby leeks
Korean tofu - Super spicy for me but husband loved it. Don't get me wrong, I still ate mine, but I drank a lot of water in between bites.
Overall, it was really good, but pretty pricy as well. I'm not sure we will be running back but I'd recommend it to someone looking to try something different.Great drinks and food. I am mostly a vegetarian, so vegan is excellent. Major downside is that it is loud. Even early--like 5-7pm. Great server, but several tables around us had food brought over that wasn't there's.
Definitely try it out especially if you don't need/want a lot of conversation.Ladies and Gents,
Super Cool vibe like a 1920's speakeasy- Great Bar! 
All Vegan, but you would never know it!! 
Trust Me-- Try the meatballs- 
Gnocchi with Butternut Squash Perfect!!! 
Save room for desserts! 
Chocolate Dessert  98% Dark Chocolate the best way to end the perfect meal.Interior was small and dark, the food was really expensive and it was small plate sized (which we weren't expecting) but the food quality was really average... I think I could have made that chickpea pasta at home and get the same amount of satisfaction. Probably won't be back anytime soon, but the service was great at least!This is my second visit to Charlie's, I want to love this place -- but there's just something missing. The first time I came for just cocktails, and I can't quite put my finger on it, but I just felt underwhelmed - so the best way to put it is that there wasn't necessarily anything wrong, but also maybe nothing extraordinary. 
Yesterday I came back excited to try some food, love me some vegan/ veg food! Unfortunately I left quite a bit underwhelmed again. I can't tell if I just " ordered the wrong things" but I didn't enjoy what I got very much. My friend ordered the avocado toast which I thought was flavorful and delicious, and my other friend ordered the artichoke frites which were also very flavorful and yummy. 
I ordered the dumpling soup which was very underwhelming, your run of the mill vegetable soup mirepoix with some dumplings. My second dish the asparagus and shitake mushrooms were okay, just tiny I know it's a tapas place but it was still just a little too small of a portion for me to really appreciate 3 grilled asparagus and 2-3 mushrooms. I did really enjoy the vidalia onion and the bitter greens spread/sauce on the side though.
Overall I'm really torn on if I should return or not. I like what they're going for, but for some reason it hasn't rubbed me the right way my last few visits. I might have to give it one more shot ordering different food, but time will tell.This was a sophisticated take on vegetarian food. Interesting cocktails. They were so nice and even told us how to make our favorite recipe at home. Who does that? I will absolutely be back again!Charlies met our expectations on ambiance for a high end cocktail bar. Although, I'm not a fan of vegan food if you go order two orders of the brussel sprouts which are the bomb! I will say that the four drinks my husband and I tried (all different) didn't meet our expectations and we were a bit disappointed since we've heard good things for comparison since we live in DC (The Gibson and Jack Rose are much better).Stopped by early for happy hour drinks and small plates. The name caught my eye! service was excellent. Food was excellent, had "our toast" a vegan ricotta with toast, Lentil tacos, Chick Pea sliders, & some type of seeded desert... The presentation was great, and comes out as it is prepared. I highly recommend it for an early stop for drinks and treats. I think the drink prices are fair for happy hour... I will be back :-)I really wanted to love this place but it was unfortunately disappointing.
My date and I went new years eve.  The place itself is super cute. The menu has a variety of things and its easy enough to navigate. its small plates, designed to be shared, I guess. 
we ordered 5 or 6 items and didn't even finish 3 of them, if that tells you anything.
The service was ok.  Our server was nice and her timing was on point but she was so disinterested. The smile seemed fake and her responses to questions were almost meaningless... every dish we asked about, she basically suggested was a great choice.  Cmon..  we were looking for some help here, homie.  
We started with salads. Me, the caesar; my date, the beet.  Mine was meh. not a ton of flavor and the lettuce was nearly wilted. Maybe its just not my style but i wasn't into it. Beet salad was good but beets were few and far between. Both served with the same weak-ass croutons.
We did the maryland crab cakes since everyone on yelp seems to love them. Those were pretty good, though again the flavor wasn't really pronounced.. the texture was good and bread was nice. The crunchy tofu roll or whatever its called was way too fishy, for lack of a better descriptor. We didn't finish it, neither of us cared for it. The crispy artichoke dish was really good but gone in 4 bites.  last but not least (thats debatable, actually) we did the tofu picatta.  this was okay but again nothing special and again we didn't even finish it. These are small plates, folks... to leave unfinished food at a vegan place that is supposed to be So good... thats not right. I had a glass of bubbly and my date a glass of wine.  bill total was in the neighborhood of $80 and we left disappointed and still hungry.
I suppose I would give it another try and order different items, but considering the wealth of vegetarian and vegan options in the city, I am not in a big rush to go back to this one place. 
Ps I may be spoiled by the aforementioned wealth of veg places and availability in the city.  But hey, if you are gonna be a *nice*, pricey veg joint, then step it up.  you have competition!I just got drinks here but it was a great experience, awesome drinks, steep prices but that's to be expected at a time like this.Happy hour cocktails for $8 dollars. Usually I have to write something to clever (or awful) to get people's attention. I think $8 dollar cocktails should suffice. 
Came here for happy hour, and was extremely happy I did. They also had inexpensive beers, some of which were my favorites. I was surprised there weren't more people taking advantage of these deals. 
The happy hour also had some great looking food options, but after stopping in at Reading Terminal Market, I had no room. Some people next to us got the gnocchi, which looked good. The staff were very warm, our bartender provided great service. 
Make sure you add this to your Philadelphia happy hour rotation.Nicole has done it again..... I was in this property several times in the last five years.  Nothing else would make sense here.  The service was phenomenal,  we had a 730 curtain and they fit us out with dessert in plenty of time.  It was jammed on Tuesday at 6. Outstanding......Spent $40 for the bill, tax and tip for two drinks and an appetizer. The chickpea fries were okay, but I've definitely had better. The drinks were very, very expensive, although tasty and boozy. I would return for happy hour prices, maybe. However, once V-Street opens, I will no longer have an interest in you, Charlie.On a whim, we stopped in for drinks and afternoon snacks. What a gem! The service staff works as a team, resulting in excellent service. The food is vegan, well prepared, delicious, and priced below what I would expect to pay. A special treat for me was a raspberry and ginger drink...very tasty and so nice to have non alcohol choices beyond iced tea and sparkling water...although even their sparkling water was a cut above with fresh mint infusion. For those wanting alcohol, their choices looked great. Highly recommend!Had a really fantastic experience here. I met up with a childhood friend to catch up and we both utterly enjoyed each of the tapas we ordered. I'm vegetarian and reveled in the delicious selections on the menu. 
The vibe of the place is fun. It's dark, artsy, hip, classy, intimate, and was perfect for what we were looking for.  Our bill, including tasty cocktails, totaled about $75 and was worth it. 
I'd go back for another intimate encounter or with a small group of friends. Would be a great place for a date!This Victorian hideout is somehow simultaneously cozy and sexy, with fabulous vegetarian/vegan options AND phenomenal mocktails to boot! After going vegetarian I thought I would never be able to have bao buns again, but they have them with caramelized eggplant. Was treated very kindly as a solo diner, my server Aubrey was great and didn't make me feel rushed. Only thing is the food is a little expensive for small portions, but it was well worth the price. Not to be missed!Tim is the best bartender. So friendly and efficient. Amazing drinks. Will come back when he's hereI have had dinner here twice, both times were amazing, I am not a vegetarian but I could be if I ate there every day. One word Yummy!! and fun drinks!I LOVED this place. We went for drinks on a Saturday and sat at the bar, which meant we got to watch the bartender make the things we ordered and we actually got to interact with them. The cocktails were expensive but very worth it. We asked them to just surprised us based on our tastes, which was a great idea. I got "The Great Dictator no. 4" and "Franklin's Wife," and I would go back again and again to try different drinks. It was dark and crowded, but the ambience was still very upscale. I felt extremely fancy haha. I highly recommend, and I'd love to go back to try the food as well.Amazing place! It is such a cool and comfortable environment while offering delicious food and drinks. Everything on the menu is vegan and you wouldn't know it! The drinks are a little pricey but totally worth it. The bartenders are very friendly and helpful. I was there two days in a row because I loved it so much the first time k went that I decided to go again for my birthday.Great food and good ambience. Went there for a friend's birthday and altogether, it was a good experience.OK Charlie, I see you.
Came here for some happy hour noshing with a galpal last night, and we were able to sit in the front lounge of the restaurant in some cozy armchairs. I love the sexy dark vibe of the place but I'm not gonna lie, it's kinda hard to see back in the bathroom cave area. Oh well, minor details.
Charlie's punch was a vodka, berry, and white wine mix and while it was delish, it was still 8 bucks and didn't pack too much of an actual punch. I switched to pinot grigio after one ($5 at HH). My friend's rum drink was really tasty too. 
Food-wise, I'll rank in order of good to eh:
1. 'crabcake' sliders- don't know how they made zucchini taste like straight up crab meat, but they did. The roll was buttery and delicious too. Could've eaten 3 of these bad boys. 
2. potato croquettes- these were so good but felt more indulgent than I expected. Creamy, pillowy insides and the chipotle aioli accompaniment was a sauce sent from the heavens. Only reason these aren't ranked above the sliders is because I feel like the sliders were a bit lighter, which is what I went into this meal craving. 
3. fried tofu- i'm in no way, shape or form a tofu fanatic, but I don't hate it, and this was a pretty decent rendition. Again, though, I was expecting this vegan meal to feel a wee bit healthier than my normal happy hour fare (yes, I know, it says it's fried in the description. Still. Healthy people eat tofu, it's a law). Perhaps this was naive of me. I did really like the pickles underneath the tofu, though. 
4. spinach- the consistency reminded me of astro turf, though the flavor wasn't bad. I like that it came with perfectly grilled bread and some random olives/tomatoes on top. Wouldn't order it again, but it wasn't awful. 
Our server was nice & attentive. The final bill ended up at $36 each (with tip) for 4 small plates and 4 drinks. Not terrible.  
Since most humans in my immediate circle would rather have their eyes gouged out than eat at a fancy vegan restaurant, I most likely won't come back anytime soon for anything other than booze.This place was amazing! Definitely a must for all Philadelphia travelers. The drinks were delicious and reasonably priced. The bartenders were super and the food was incredible. The best part is everything is entirely vegan! We will definitely be back!This is our favorite vegan spot in Philly! My husband and I regularly go on overnights to Philly, and we eat here multiple times. The restaurant has a fun bar vibe and the food is outstanding! You barely feel as if you're eating vegan. We also love that they change the menu based on the season. We dream of the potato croquettes, and without fail, have at least 3 orders every time. The cocktails are also on point and extremely creative. This spot is a must!Fantastic food, drink, and atmosphere. Makes me want to move to Philadelphia! I'll probably be stopping in any time I'm nearby, at least.Vegan perfection. Looking over the menu, I didn't know if anything would be too spicy or if I would like a certain flavor combination. But once my sister and I had our first bite, we knew we would love every dish. And they didn't disappoint. We started with the artichoke frites and split a zucchini 'crabcake' slider. The artichoke hearts were so divinely fried that they were sweet. And the acidity of the crab slider was balanced. The slider also came with super thin melt-in-your-mouth homemade potato chips. 
Although they serve tapas sized dishes, I ordered a larger option as my "entree." I went with the silken tofu and mushroom ramen. It had a bit of spice to it but not enough to prevent me from enjoying all the flavors of the mushrooms, silken tofu, and chickpea ramen. My sister tried the roasted cauliflower steak and loved it as well. From hers I tried the white almond puree and it was surprisingly sweet, I suspect to contrast the curry in the rice. Everything was plenty filling, so we didn't leave hungry. 
If you want to sit in the dining area, you're better off making a reservation. My sister and I didn't want to wait any longer so we sat at one of the mini tables in front that's really meant for quick drinks. It still worked out fine, though, since they spaced out when everything came from the kitchen. The service was super nice too. The only con is that after that first bite, you're already yearning for what was. The food is that good.Pretty good. The tofu ricotta and bread was legit and the drinks were fun. The interior was very cramped and busy but cute. DO NOT GET THE GRAPES AND OLIVES THOUGH. It's one of the most confusing and nasty things I've ever eaten. Very sweet. The grapes tasted like weird raisins and the olives were just horrible, coming from someone who loves olives.Super cute inside and the drinks & artichoke frites were great! Hipster ambiance abounds - loved the art. We went on a Thursday and crowd/noise level were not at all problematic.I'm not a vegetarian, but this was some of the best food I've had in awhile.  
We had a slightly long wait despite our reservation, but the hosts handled it very well and updated us as they could and entertained us a little telling us about the great cocktail and food options.  
When we sat down, our waitress was fabulous.  She was very attentive.  Each plate we had was delicious.  The ricotta toast was one of my favorites, and the asparagus were incredible.  The cocktails were the perfect balanced combinations of interesting but not overly sweet.
Not to mention, the decor is great....super cool environment...can't wait to go backThis is the best vegan restaurant i have ever been to... I am a vegetarian and my husband is a non vegetarian and even he absolutely loved it...Only had drinks here but was very impressed. Bartenders are on point with their mixology skills.This place has pretty awesome drinks and delicious vegan food (and I'm not a vegan). 
Love the Charlie's punch - which varies every day. Tonight was a pomegranate juice with white wine and rum? Could not taste the alcohol but the drink was amazing!!~ Heard similar feedback for the other drinks on the menu.
The food was quite good for vegan. We got potato croquettes, which were AMAZEBALLS (the best part being the chipotle aioli, which has quite a kick at the end). The avocado toast was decent - tasted very Mexican with fresh avocados and onion. I was hoping for something a little more hearty but if you're in a fresh, Baja/Mexican mood, these would be a good choice.
Omg, dessert was SOOO SINFUL!!! The chocolate pot de creme was delish~ The rum soaked banana slices at the bottom were perfectly sliced and sized to melt into the creamy chocolate coconut goodness. Th eChocolate and coconut whipped cream blended perfectly together, harmonizing some mild sweet fruity tones with the rich chocolate!!!! A great way to end the night~The food was delicious and so were the drinks. I recommend the ricotta toast as well as the crab cake sliders. I wish I could recommend the chickpea fries but unfortunately they had run out by the time of my reservation. I was certainly disappointed about this as many friends spoke highly of this dish. The service was fair but I am still yearning for those chick pea fries and it seems I will have to return again soon with a 6pm reservation or something.Had such a great experience there tonight food was excellent. Timing on the servings great.  To top it off our server Lindsey was amazing. Smile on her face very engaging and made us all feel special.  Definitely a place to go for good vegan food and atmosphere.Excellent cocktails, food, and ambiance. I love coming here for date night.Let me start off by saying that the ambience and service was excellent. However, this review focuses on the food.
I have been looking forward to trying CWAS since it opened. I have been vegan for over 15 years and have witnessed the evolution of vegan cuisine in Philadelphia. The menu of CWAS is creative and varied, and I was particularly interested in trying some items I've seen at some of the regular restaurants I've worked in. Below is a (perhaps too detailed) critique of individual items and some suggestions for improvement.
The artichoke frites had a good taste, but the fried coating was a bit heavy. I would recommend using a seltzer batter to make it lighter if that's not done already.
The potato croquettes were ordered for the non-vegetable eater in the group. The croquettes themselves were very cute perfectly round balls of mashed potato, bland by themselves but not in a bad way. The chipotle aioli was tasty. It seemed to contain actual pureed chipotle, not just powder.
The grilled caesar salad was pretty but not great. Poor execution. Using red leaf lettuce is visually interesting, but not really appropriate for a grilled salad. Traditional romaine can handle being cooked. There's a reason the concept was developed using a particular lettuce.
The worst part was that the red leaf lettuce was very wet. Not sure if this was deliberate to prevent drying when grilled or just lack of salad spinner use. The dressing is served dribbled on top of the wet lettuce.
So far, all of these three dishes had sauces that seemed to be made with the same very thick mayo base. 
Next came the Moroccan spinach bakoula. This dish was rough. It was like trying to eat the contents of herbal tea bags. Granted, maybe I just don't care for the spice profile and texture, but bakoula recipes call for garlic. There was no detectable garlic flavor in this dish. Garlic would have saved it. Instead, it kind of reminiscent of tobacco seasoned with cumin.
The gnocchi and pappardelle dishes were disappointing.
The gnocchi had the flavor profile of French fries with barbecue sauce. Too fried, too smoky, nothing delicate or balanced about it. Fried gnocchi, burnt peas, heavy very smoky tomato sauce.
The pappardelle was maybe a good attempt for a home kitchen but needs to be refined in texture and flavor to merit being a 16 dollar restaurant menu item. The sauce had an off flavor (tasted kind of like mimicreme if anyone remembers that rank stuff) and the oil had separated from the sauce. The other components (bits of sun-dried tomatoes and whole pistachios) did not come together. I would scrap that sauce strategy and make a  sun-dried tomato pistachio pesto or cream sauce for this. I make much better pasta at home.
Lastly, the bucatini was good. I liked the developed flavor of the tomatoes in the sauce and the pasta was not overcooked. The meatballs, however, I did not like. They contained fennel, so maybe trying to replicate more of a sausage taste - not a bad thing. However, they had a slightly sour/off taste (a bit like a commercial vegan chorizo). I found them to be inedible. My non-vegan dining companion had no issue with them though. I think a nicer restaurant like this should do a better job with fairly basic item like a veg meatball.
Overall, in spite of the lackluster but nicely presented food, the experience was good. I don't think I'd come back for any of the dishes I tried though. I really wanted to love this place, and I did like it, but there's some room for improvement.Happy hour review...
A dim lit bar with cool decor.  Not gonna lie, it was a nice vibe.  Cocktails were on point!  We had a few apps at the bar and they were pretty good.  Service was good and overall theme of restaurant is pretty cool.  I will definitely return for a full experience.Great unique cocktails (ice ball instead of cubes)great tapas style vegan restaurant, great knowledgeable server on both cocktails and food.  Nice touch, and not completely sure how they pulled it off, was there celebrating my friend's bday, had not mentioned it to them, but did check in on FB mentioning her bday.  Low and behold... birthday sorbet and strawberries with candle.I spent $100+ on wine here and wasn't even mad about it. Bartenders and servers were very kind! Will definitely come back.We brought a big crew of different kinds of eaters. Only 3 out of our party of 16 is vegetarian and everyone loved the food. The signature cocktails are very creative and amazing. I highly recommend the avocado toast. Bartender and staff were super accommodating.I'm not vegan but the few small plates I've had here have been great. Really what I love about it is the cocktail list. They use all fresh ingredients in their cocktails and they're always delicious. Whenever I'm in Philly I stop here for drinks. Recommend to anyone whether you're vegan or not!We were really excited to have a drink at this place after all the Yelp reviews we've seen. The staff was promising as was the menu. It was a Wednesday night at 11:20 pm. We waited over 27 minutes for our drinks (party of 4) at which time the hostess apologized for the wait and said the bartender was alone. Which we empathize with but wasn't she alone 27 mins ago? And where did our waiter *poof* to?
We waited 34 minutes and had to walk out. Sorry, Charlie!For staunch vegetarians, we found Charlie Was a Sinner as a welcome beacon of light in this fair city. This place takes the (vegan) cake as one of my go-to places in Center City now and I cannot recommend it enough -- to vegetarians, vegans, and carnivores alike.
1. Ambience: Absolutely lovely. The walls are a welcoming teal color and the staff are wonderfully friendly. On one of the walls, there is a curtain that has a reel of old movie clips and still photographs which made you feel like you were dining in another age. Charlie Was a Sinner has a nice escapist, speak-easy feel that still is welcoming and exciting.
2. Food: I cannot rave about it enough. My friend and I chose to dine family style by sharing the tapas we were interested in trying and not a single one of them let us down. We started with the Our Ricotta -- the cheese was flavorful but not too overwhelming and our bread was crunchy and well-toasted. Our server recommended a pear soup which we were pleasantly surprised by both in terms of flavor and presentation. You cannot come here, however, without trying the Korean Style Fried Tofu which is DELICIOUS. The glaze was not too spicy nor sweet which made this dish fantastic. I highly recommend this dish, if nothing else. To commemorate our success in finding such a great vegan restaurant, my friend and I decided to try our hand at two desserts: the Blueberry Tart and the Charlie's Chocolate Cake. Both were absolutely AMAZING and a great close to an already great evening.
3. Bonus: Ask about Charlie.Everything was phenomenal (bao buns OMG), if I ever get back to Philly I might just have the sample the entire menuStopped here for quick bite, drinks were very good, food was not. Avocado toast was drenched in some kind of mayo, which ruined the toast and masked the flavors of the avocado. I've had good avocado toast at other places, but this place unfortunately did not capture the freshness of the ingredients. But I would definitely go back for drinks.I ate here on March 27th and loved it. Great food, great attentive service. The food is elegantly prepared. I had the mocktail soda which was wonderful. Will definitely revisit and highly recommend.This is very good place they have amazing drinks. The food is great but extremely small in portion. Do not go without reservation. If you go without reservation they will have you sit on a round table which has diameter not more than 40cm. They are absolutely capable of giving such tiny table to 4 people.My experience matches a lot of the reviews here.
The good: Their manager was just terrific. She saw we could not get near the bar and got us drinks and checked in with us the whole night. She was the best thing about the place by far and deserves a lot of credit. On the same note all the servers were terrific. Drinks were well crafted, good and expensive. Definitely a bit of the speak easy vibe which I liked a lot and had a really broad ranges of ages and types.
The bad: The food. So first off and to be fair, I am not a vegan nor a vegetarian, so maybe that matters with how I see their food. We had the Caramelized Eggplant Bao Buns, Spring Rolls, Fried Korean Tofu, Bucatini and Meat Balls and Wild mushroom Paella. I will not review every dish, but a few examples. The Buns tasted only like Hoisin sauce, nothing else. The Paella was more of a mushy rice pealoff. No taste of saffron, not the proper short grain rice etc. Spring rolls just tasted like they were filled with bland potatoes. 
Not sure if this is what passes for great vegan food but I hope this is not not for the sake of vegans.My friend and I came here on a Wednesday for Center City Sips and ordered exclusively off of the Center City Sips menu.
We started off with $6 cocktails - I had Charlie's Punch (changes daily) and my friend had The Red Sparrow (red raspberry infused hornitos plata, lime, agave). We also each had a $4 beer off of the Center City Sips draft specials - the Great Lakes Dortmunder Gold and the River Horse Roly Poly Pils. Both were solid beers on the lighter side.
To eat, we shared the Potato Croquettes and Korean Style Fried Tofu. The croquettes were slightly crispy on the outside and pillowy soft on the inside. The chipotle aioli served with them was amazing - I don't know how they were able to achieve something so mayo-like with no dairy or eggs, but it was addicting. We also shared the Korean Style Fried Tofu (spicy glaze, black sesame, garden pickles). It was pretty spicy, but delicious.
I can't wait to come back and try some of the other cocktails and food!Charlie *was* a dinner, but this place was saintly. My partner brought me here for my birthday dinner and it was such a wonderful experience. 
The atmosphere was perfect, the drinks were strong, and the staff were friendly and attentive. In fact, the server realized it was my birthday and though I hadn't ordered dessert brought a scoop of sorbet and a candle. It was a sweet and subtle gesture. 
Thank you, Charlie, for a great night.Came here with a group of friends on a whim after reading some reviews about their cocktails.
Most of us wound up ordering food as we were hungry though none of us generally have any interest in vegan food. 
I honestly was not expecting much as I'm not typically one to search out vegetarian or vegan options but I can speak for all of us when I say we were extremely surprised.
The food was extremely good and we were still all talking about it days later.
I've recommended it to anyone who would listen and we'll definitely be back.This is a great vegan tapas place! We were in Philadelphia for a conference and wanted a place for a bit of food and drink. This was close to our hotel so we thought we would try it out. When we arrived, we were seated right away. It had a nice size crowd, but not too much. The staff was super friendly and the service was great! We had three plate; fried tofu rolls, crab cake sliders and Potato Carpaccio. All very tasty! A really great place to hang out and have a drink and a bit of food!ALL VEGANS listen up!! If you are in Philly make sure to stop in here and enjoy some delicious vegan cuisine. Everything is vegan. Full disclosure I'm not an exclusive vegan eater. But when I have I am usually not impressed. But this was definitely a treat. I highly recommend their lemon ricotta spread with bread. Also the sesame crusted carrots. The atmosphere is wonderful and the drinks are created to satisfy. I hope you enjoy!!I had a great time here with my boyfriend, my 78 year old grandmother, and my 57 year old aunt. We were a diverse bunch, but each of us was thoroughly impressed with the food and presentation. Portions are very small, so I regret not ordering more. 2 hours later on our train ride back to NYC, my bf and I devoured a container of hummus and tortilla chips. Though that late night snack was nothing compared to the crab cakes, tiny artichokes, cauliflower + trumpet mushrooms, gnocchi, and chocolate cake we enjoyed at Charlie was a sinner. 
I want to come back the next time I'm in Philly. Next time I'll be sure to splurge and order more :)I don't give 5-star ratings often, but when I do, I give it to well-deserved restaurants. And no, I'm not the most interesting man in the world. 
In all seriousness though, I just loved everything about this restaurant. 
From the food (I wanted to give negative points for being vegan but honestly, the menu was eclectic and had dishes to satisfy any type of palate), to the décor, to the service, everything was just spot on. 
Every dish I ordered was really tasty. Every drink that came out was really well-made and delicious. The décor was on point and not tacky at all. And the waitress we had was really attentive, friendly and helpful. 
Message to all the dudes out there: don't just bring any date here. Save this place for a real special person or occasion (ie first valentine's day with your significant other or wife's birthday) because I think this place is that great. Don't bring your side chick or first date here. They don't deserve it. 
You know this is a good place when you imagine your time at this place over and over again in your head. Hopefully one day, I'll get to go back and re-live the great experience.Wow great vegan (plant based) restaurant with an amazing assorted menu. This is a great place for an entire dinning experience. The wait staff is great at helping curate an entire experience with the menu for your table. 
All of the dishes are small plates (tapas) and although they look small are very filling. The menu always hanged per season and has so many interesting and delicious choices. 
Creative drinks and specials are always a bonus! 
A bit pricey so we will save this for special occasions for sure. Love having another veggie spot in philly tho!This is purely a review of their cocktails.
Step 1: Go to Charlie Was a Sinner
Step 2:  Order the "Nihilist"
Step 3:  Order the "Done and Dusted"
Step 4:  Leave a happy customer.Ate here with my family last night and we loved it.  We ordered 3.5 dishes per person and really enjoyed most of it.
The caramelized eggplant bao buns absolutely stole the show.  I highly recommend them!
We also loved the ricotta, gnocchi, zucchini "crabcakes", carrot mousse, tofu and bean sausage, and gazpacho.  The pineapple fried rice was less of a hit...the stuffed squash blossoms that accompany it make it worth ordering (they were AMAZING), but the rice itself was not very good.  My mom was also less than impressed with the vanilla citrus salad -- pistachio and vanilla were promised but couldn't be tasted!
Our server was Jennifer and she was fantastic.  The noise level overall was good, but the space is a bit crowded!
We were all very happy that we went!I completely love this place. To start, the cocktails are great. They have a good combination of classic and new and fun drinks. I love to sit at the bar and watch the bartenders mix them, but more than that I love to drink them.
The food is also delicious. I ate a ricotta "cheese" so tasty I forgot it was vegan. I have sampled almost everything on the menu as of a couple of months ago, and it was all good. The one exception were the meatless meatballs, which I just don't understand why they exist. I'm sure vegans like them, but they have nothing on the real thing. Everything else on the menu is worth eating, though.
The atmosphere is also really fun. Everyone should check it out!Love a vegan place that does not rely too heavily on spice! So creative and inventive, with a constantly changing menu, it's great to go get a ton if small plates to share so you can try everything. Great service, great staff, will be back!I came here expecting something like Vedge and was kind of disappointed. It's all vegan which is great but a lot of the dishes lacked flavor. Nothing really blew my mind and for the price, it should be very good.I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone, not even someone who couldn't tell good vegetarian food from bad. And please don't order the broccoli rabe. You might choke to death. I doubt if anyone who works there knows how to do the Heimlich Maneuver. But they should!I'm giving an honest review based on our own personal experience.
Entered around 8pm Saturday night with a steady crowd inside. A wait was expected so we stood by the bar and had a cocktail in the mean time. A little cramped but a waitress noticed us viewing the menu and came to suggest drinks based on our preferences. 
The cocktails are made by hand, with pride from the bartenders. We received ours promptly and they were honestly delicious. 
Once seated we decided on three plates along with new drinks and had our order within about 10 minutes which was very quick given the volume in the restaurant. The ricotta, shepards pie, and tofu and bean sausage was delicious. The plates are sized accordingly to compliment the cocktail bar theme and we were full regardless.
An unpretentious yet uncompromising vegan bar is a wonderful thing. The staff we encountered was very approchable and polite. The next time we're in town I will be sure to return and pass the word along to friends.Great atmosphere but the menu isn't so flexible for a picky eater like me. Since the meals are so intricate, it was hard for me to find something that I really wanted to try without making substitutions. I did enjoy the bao buns and Korean tofu, but the vegan "ricotta cheese" didn't taste so much like ricotta, more just like a pine nut spread. The bread that came with it, however, was outstanding. The staff was friendly and the cocktails made the experience worth it.A vegan cocktail lounge that has a fantastic and creative drink menu.  I've been here for drinks before, but a bunch of friends and I decided to go one night for dinner this past weekend.  We were fortunate enough to grab a table on Open Table and I highly recommend you make reservations if you want to dine here so that you don't have to wait a long time.
I was super excited to try the food here, as I've thoroughly enjoyed the drinks (4-stars for them).  It's a great cocktail spot, and as much as it pains me to say it, their food did not do it for me.  I wanted to like it so bad, but it was either bland and tasteless, some of the flavors just didn't work, or the texture was completely off/weird.
If you're into smoky drinks, definitely get the penicillin - comes with smoky candied ginger pieces on it too!
Spring Rolls - three long spring rolls served with this chunky sauce (the chunks are said to be pineapple, based on the menu, but it tasted more like apricot).  The spring rolls barely had any filling in them and honestly, tasted just like regular spring rolls from a Thai or Chinese restaurant.  The sweet potato was completely drowned out by the shell and tofu.  The sauce is also difficult to use because it's extremely chunky - you need a spoon to essentially spread it on, you can't dip it.
Smoked Cauliflower - complete MISS.  Now, it was my fault for going in thinking these were either going to be fried or similar to a smoky Korean bbq style, but it was neither - pieces of cauliflower that were brushed with some burnt smoky flavor.  The raisins and pine nuts are nice compliments with the smokiness of this dish, but you would taste the burnt flavor on the first bite, but the cauliflower is so hearty, that you then just taste dry raw cauliflower immediately after.  These either need to be smoked for longer, or soaked in something.
Avocado Toast - this was pretty good.  The bread was crispy and charred, so everything would fall apart when I'd try to take a bite.  There's real slices of avocado on it, which is slightly different than what I've been used to.  The habanero mayo is a really tasty touch. Definitely worth trying.
Bao Bun - my favorite!  This little sandwich was delicious!  The bun was delicious and melted in your mouth...it was slightly sweet, which was a perfect combo with the strong bbq taste from the sandwich.  This was savory and a bit too salty for a few of my friends.  Highly recommend this dish!
Crab Cake - personally, I didn't like the texture of this dish at all.  It was very stringy zucchini, and I guess they're trying to resemble actual crab cake (one of my friends who isn't vegetarian mentioned that this is the closest resemblance of crab cake she's ever seen), so if you're into that, go for it.  I wasn't.
Korean Fried Tofu - this was definitely my 2nd favorite dish.  I was quite shocked it was tofu when I took my first bite because the tofu was very heavy and firm...almost paneer-like texture, which I don't mind at all.  The sauce was sweet and spicy, with black sesame seeds.  It was very good, but I think it needs to eaten with something - rice or noodles - for it to be complete.  Also, I don't think the term 'bbq' quite describes it, as it wasn't really barbecued, but more fried with this darker sauce.
Overall, we at least enjoyed ourselves and it's always fun to try new places.  I'll definitely come back from the drinks (good date spot), but I won't stay for the food.Recommended and paid for as a thank you, Congratulations on Promotion, gift. I  ordered potato croquettes and was good ,Mu-Shu Tofu, which was okay,  as the wraps were too hard,and Cappuccino that was good after adding four sugar cubes.The waitress ( Diana R. Lookalike) , initial approach was acceptable. When asked about a particular appetizer, her facial and body language became unpleasant and tone of rudeness presented. After food was served, same waitress checked in 1-2 minutes and than again about 30-40 minutes asking about dessert.  When asked question , again same approach with a fake ness of "oh sure ladies." Upon leaving thanked her and same approach same sounding fake " hmm yea oh sure." She will be the reason I will not be a return customer.  Her aura and vibe were negative , in my opinion. Overall, a nice place for date, if not busy as seating too close for my comfort.Amazing.
The service was on point, the server was really helpful in going through the menu with us and telling us what could be prepared gluten free (yeah, my friend and I are thoooose people). We started off with the "ricotta" dip (they happily substituted vegetables instead of the bread it normally comes with) and the seaweed chips + house pickles. We could not get enough. The seaweed chips were thick with a cracker-like crunch and texture and the charred onion dip was very tasty. The house pickles were sweet and spicy. The ricotta dip was creamy and delicious. Then we also split the smoked cauliflower, chickpea spaghetti, and rutabaga pave. There are no words to describe... but I'll try. The rutabaga pave was probably my favorite, it was a moist and dense texture. The chickpea spaghetti was delicious and I actually preferred the taste and texture over real spaghetti. The smoked cauliflower .. I mean it's smoked cauliflower so doesn't that just speak for itself? It was all amazing and I hope to go back and try everything else.Etwas unscheinbar von außen. Reservierung sinnvoll. Essen ist echt klasse jedoch die Portionen etwas klein. Geschmackvoll angerichtetes Essen. Nur Cash Zahlung möglich. Tolle Bar mit Barkeeper und Longdrinks. Endlich einmal ein Wasser ohne Eis.Amazing dinner with my love last night. We had The zucchini crab cake sliders, Korean style crispy tofu, ricotta, eggplant hoisin baos, lumpia spring rolls, confit potato cup and parpadelle. I'm not a vegan by any means but I thoroughly enjoyed this meal. My favorite was the zucchini "crab cake" sliders. The consistency and flavor was very close to crab.  We will definitely coming back for more!!!!We absolutely loved the food here.  Three of us shared small plates as "dinner" twice in the front bar/lounge area during the happy hour and into the dinner hour, during a five day stay in Philly.  
Big wins:  some kind of wicked gingery happy hour cocktail that was on the seasonal cocktail menu.  It hit the spot!
The Bao buns are ridiculously delicious, as was the go ju chang spicy tofu, annnnd the "ricotta" on the happy hour menu were all delicious.  The "crab cake" zucchini sliders were really nice, but filling enough that I would rather save space for more Bao buns, so it just depends on your appetite.
The staff were wonderful from the front hostess to the manager to the servers.  The only reason I have listed 4 stars instead of 5 is because there was one individual server who was a tall woman with dark hair who was serving the Friday night (day after Thanksgiving) who seemed so irritated with the customers that her disdain was palpable and definitely not friendly like all of the other staff that evening and certainly not on the prior evening that we enjoyed ourselves there.  I really get it that a busy happy hour-into dinner hour in a small crowded restaurant isn't "easy" or necessarily "fun' for the server, but all of the other staff really worked it out and made it pleasant for the clients (seating is "cozy" and absolutely small quarters, and the others made it fun), but watching this particular server make irritated faces behind customers who were in line waiting to get seated kind of took the joy factor down.  I do however give her credit for remaining "professional" when she appeared to be in such a poor mood, albeit rather cold!
All of that being said, a very pretty salon like atmosphere and I definitely look forward to coming back and trying many more menu items!Awesome new spot! Love the tapas style. All the dishes were flavorful. Ordered chick pea fries, fig salad, red pepper bruschetta, spicy cauliflower & broccoli rabe. Had custom drinks made w fresh juices. Wonderful server, attentive staff. Love the Charlie story!They have made a fan out of me. I must say that the best dish of the evening was the "crab" cakes. It tasted almost like the real thing...which was both impressive and scary. Our waiter was the best. I explained to him that I was not a wine drinker but would like for him to suggest something. He sat down and explained what white, rose, and red wines would taste like and what would be best paired with them. We decided on a rose and it was WONDERFUL. He even made sure that if I didn't like it, that I could get a something different. There was no need. His choice was perfect. Next we had the Korean BBQ and the Squash edemame blossom. Both were delicious. The space is small like most center city restaurants but I would suggest this to anyone with a group of 4. I WILL be back. I enjoyed everything about my dining experience here.We were in town the end of October and needed a vegan friendly place. We were happy we came here. Bar drinks were good - I had the house punch both times and he had 2 different drinks which he both liked and felt they were had a high percentage of alcohol. We really enjoyed the spaghetti and fauxballs, and the faux sausage. We both could have eaten a full plate of those! We also had the faux crabbie slides and the potato and mushroom things - both were good but we'd probably try something else if we came back. The desert was yummy but I can' remember what it was. Overall I would certainly eat here again when I'm in town. 
The ambiance was nice - it was crowded and very noisy! We were expecting this on a Saturday night but we're quiet bookworm people so we didn't talk much because we couldn't hear each other without screaming :) I could see hip city people really digging the vibe the place has. There is a really nice built in bar but the place was hoppin so we didn't get to see much of it. It's located in a well-lit place so it was an easy, safe, nighttime walk from our hotel at the convention center. 
Between the two of us we shared 4 plates, 1 desert, and we had a total of 4 alcohol drinks from the bar. Our total bill came to just over $100. We of courses tipped and with all being said after $120 our tummies were not full.Went with 2 of my friends.  Everything we ate was amazing!  The flavors and portions were just right.  Everything came out family style so we could share. We underestimated how filling the food would be and got full quick.  The drinks were on point (had 3 cocktails) and refreshing.  Can't wait to go back!I would rename this place too - Charlie is a SNACKER
Came here when I was in Philly. It was recommended to my husband who is a vegan and by our hotel. We were pretty hungry since we just landed from California. The wait was over 30 mins so we were expecting something amazing. We ordered about 5 dishes and each was small plates and I mean SMALL (very small). Example - the Brussel sprouts were about 5 cut in half with pomegranate seeds on top. 
The place itself is small, dark and trendy.  The seating upfront where we were is good if you wanna cuddle or grab a drink on a date.(very romantic) I recommend this place as a pregammer. A place to grab a drink, a small bite or snack and go.The vegan food is delicious.  I've tried almost everything on their menu back in February when I went there.  Very inspired and interesting.
The house-made 'ricotta' on toast is wonderful. So simple but so good.
The vanilla-citrus salad was super fresh.
Their was a sort of potato-croquette that was cheesy and delicious.
Can't wait to go again and try their summer plates.What little food you get for the high prices was very good but you don't really get to enjoy it. They encourage you to share but the dishes are so small that it's difficult. The toast is probably the biggest dish and the one you can actually share and enjoy. I also ordered the gnocchi but for $12 I was looking for more than 6 little pieces. Cocktails were good but also very pricey for standard fare. I like that they are veggie as you don't find many interesting places that are but the prices are just ridiculous given the small sizes.Delicious! Plenty of inventive combinations of favors.  The cocktails are exceptional. The potato croquettes are light and fluffy w amazing dipping sauce, the gnocchi was seared, an unusual preparation and the ravioli was yummy (but too sweet for my taste). Not a ton of "filling" items but delightful tapas in a great atmosphere.I stumbled across this place with a friend who had heard it was a good place to eat from some vegetarian relatives. I am not a vegetarian, however, so I entered with a bit of skepticism. My friend avoids wheat wherever possible and was happy with the gluten free options as well. 
I was pleasantly surprised by the quality of the food and how good everything tasted. Both the chick pea fries and the potato croquettes that we started with were fantastic. The potato croquettes in particular were light  and fluffy and creamy. I doubled up on the starches and went for the gnocchi for my main course - it did not disappoint. Butternut squash was used in the sauce, and it was tasty. I could have licked the plate clean.
Portion sizes are a bit small, but the quality and preparation of the food is apparent and more than makes up for it. It's also falls in line with the sophisticated, artsy atmosphere they're going for. It would be a great place to share a dinner with a small group or handful of people, it could be a nice date restaurant.
The drink menu featured a variety of fancy cocktails, but being a beer guy I went for one of the 4 beers on tap. I skipped the obligatory wheatgrass shot that was featured on the menu, not necessarily surprised that it was available. Overall, I'd highly recommend this place for carnivores and vegetarians alike.If I would have reviewed this in the fall when I first went it would have hands down been a 5 star review. I went again in May and had to bump it down a star. It was still really good, but wasn't as amazing as I remembered. From what I understand, they have a seasonal menu; the menu we tried in the winter was really wonderful & interesting, but the spring menu was a bit lackluster as far as options & execution - def still really good tho in comparison of other restaurants... worth 4 stars, but not 5. The staff is attentive, knowledgeable & kind. The food leaves you feeling warm & full. The drinks are strong. The atmosphere is pretty sexy. It's an awesome date spot. Actually! My first date with my partner was here... and now we're getting married.. foreshadowing? Maybe Charlie's gave us some good juju. In summation, eat at Charlie's - guaranteed to fill your belly, make you a lil tipsy & propel you towards marrying the girl of your dreams.*
*Ok maybe not, but you'll still have a great meal. :)Cool place. We went not knowing what to expect, and without reservations. They still accommodated my husband and i at a table quickly. The food was delicious, a little pricey, but worth every penny. It was nice to be able to order anything on the menu without having to worry about what's in it. We had a really nice date night here, we'll be back.So great!!! Delicious food, friendly service and cool vibes. Part of our vegan tour of philly, went to Vedge earlier and I have to say the food at Charlie's was more filling. Went here on a Tuesday night, 8:45 reservation. Def recommend reservations, place is small and it was packed. Apparently the cocktails are good but as non drinkers we focused on the food menu. Highly recommend the "crab cake" sliders, potato croquettes, gnocchi, apple crisp and pot de creme. Wouldn't get the mu shoo again as it was pretty bland but we will be back for sure!So my vegan journey started just shy of two weeks ago. My husband has been very supportive and for our 17th anniversary made reservations here. What a fabulous choice. You would never have guessed the food was all vegan. From Snacks to Sweets every aspect of this meal was phenomenal. Earlton loved the strawberry cobbler so much he ordered a second one. I especially loved the zucchini "crab cake" sliders and the caramelized eggplant boa buns .  We ordered about six of the tapas style plates which was definitely enough. Have to make my way back to work through more of the menu. The space is a bit tight but very inviting and the waiter service was on point.Came here for drinks after dinner. We only had one drink each, so I gotta come back to write a more informed review, but I had a great time in the short time I was here. We had the "where angels fear to tread" and the "lock, shock & batel" and both where really good. Service was good, attentive and polite. I'm definitely coming back because these were among the best cocktails I've had in philly. They lose one star because of the less than great crowd standing by the bar. Not their fault, but I guess any bar's quality also depends on their public. Nevertheless, this is a solid cocktail bar with (much) better than average drinks.Let me set the stage:
It's easy to find with its long awning and quiet signage. The decor is dark, sexy and with masculine undertones. A thick velvety curtain meets you at the door. It looks like a great place to meet a date. The dining room is mostly empty at 6 when I was there, but fills up rapidly and noisily by 7. The tables are quite small. Behind the tables is a gray curtain upon which a black and white movie is projected. The angle of the projector is such that the movie cannot really be viewed by patrons sitting down. The effect can be jarring sometimes during action scenes when you get a strobe effect.
Drinks:
The drink menu for cocktails is large and complex. I like cocktails but I like them basic. Many of the drinks included ingredients I didn't recognize. They make them strong. 
Food:
The tricky part about small plates and small tables is that if you want to try a bunch of different things, you inevitably get overwhelmed with plates and there is zero room on the table. Be open for trying new things. There were plenty of cheese-like items. I did not miss the meat. I especially liked the ricotta toast and the fig salad (sold separately but eaten together). Many of the dishes were messy. Maybe not a good lace for a first date, until you like that sort of thing.
Best Advice:
Come for happy hour and save a bundle.Overall this place is good but not amazing, definitely a bit hyped up. It's unique in that it's 100% vegan so it's cool they're able to offer so many items on their menu, but generally the food was much too heavy for me. Everything felt like it was fried or drenched in oil and I don't think the flavors always worked cohesively. I would say it's impressive that the food I had was vegan, but if I wanted to be healthy then I might as well go grab a salad. Honestly some items are way overpriced too. I wouldn't mind coming back again, but only to try out the chickpea fries that they took off the menu...
Food: 3.5 honestly... the one that stood out was the zucchini crab cake sliders that actually tasted really good! Very unique twist and amazing how they make it taste like crab cakes. Also Potato Croquettes are a must get- we were iffy on getting it since it just sounds like fried potatoes but it was actually quite yummy. I would say that you should take small bites or else the thick density can be overwhelming. I personally liked the Korean tofu a lot, though the fried crust is a bit thick and not for everyone. It's also spicy but not actually if you're Asian...The potato gnocchi was also pretty good but nothing that blew my mind. Pappadelle was just meh, really heavy in cream and nothing unique. Ricotta was just ok, it's made of tofu but texture was a bit dry and wish they could add some flavor like honey or walnuts. Eggplant bao buns are ok but would much rather just go to Sampan for pork bao buns. Brussel sprouts were really mediocre and overpriced, literally $10 for 5 brussel sprouts =.= The grilled romaine was also just subpar, nothing special. 
Overall dishes are very hit and miss. I would definitely say people should come here to try the vegan food, but I'm not sure if I would come here regularly either.I've been meaning to go here since they opened and I finally got to go for happy hour earlier this week. After years of hype, I was blown away with how good everything was! It definitely lives up to the expectation. 
We got three apps off the happy hour menu, which included the crab cake sliders, vegan ricotta with fresh bread and the sesame rice chips. The crab cake sliders and vegan ricotta are a MUST. I couldn't believe how realistic the flavor and the texture of the "crab" cake sliders were (and I still eat real crab).
Also got an order of the Korean fried tofu after seeing another table get it. It was unbelievable. The sauce it was in was perfect. 
I can't wait to come back here to try more of the menu and some of the cocktails here!In the first five minutes of being seated, I realized that this was a vegan restaurant and was about to throw my once-every-six-months fit with my boyfriend for making a late dinner reservation for a VEGAN. TAPAS. Restaurant.
I was quickly appeased with a draft beer because I'm a peasant at heart and can't appreciate a good cocktail. Our server was extremely eloquent, thorough and responsive. We ordered 7 small plates and dessert to share among 4 people, one of whom is a very tiny 4'11" pixie and eats like a bird.
Every single dish was delicious and oh so worth waiting for a late dinner. 
My favorites:
"Ricotta" on toast: how is this so creamy and filling?!
Maryland style "crab cakes": served on a brioche bun that makes it perfect
Artichoke frites: I ordered these because I thought they were pommes frites... hunger is a top cause of hallucinations, ya know
If you don't mind a somewhat loud environment (tables are very close and you can hear the next conversation word for word, even if you have terrible hearing like me) and can get past the mental block of being denied meat and cheese for a meal, you will really enjoy yourself here!Great fun drink menu! My cocktails were so delicious with the perfect amount of punch. Service could be a hair friendlier.. waitress seemed grumpy when we didn't immediately order food. I felt the urge to look around for a sign that stated we were obligated to have food in order to stay. Whatevs, we had a good time anyway. The space is efficient and they seated our group of 6 with a reasonable amount of wait time for dropping in on a Friday evening. Definitely a good spot to share a lovely evening with good company.Only there for a nightcap, and it was worth it. The place itself is really cool - laid back, dark (in a fun way), and just the place to go for a quiet conversation with friends. The drink menu was intriguing - not your usual drinks - and the waiter was kind enough to guide my friend through the selections to ensure the choice was just right. I had a draft beer - which was really all I wanted, and it was perfect. We didn't have any of the food offerings, but if the food was anything like the drinks I'm sure it had to be eclectic and very good! Highly recommended for a good drink in an atmosphere conducive to reasonable conversation.These days it's not too difficult to find vegetarian and vegan options at most local bars, but the idea of an all veg menu at an upscale bar was intriguing. The interior was tasteful, if familiar in the East Village style of places like the Franklin Mortgage. They have an inspired cocktail selection, creative yet sensible. The menu consists of small plates and a few entrees, we went for a selection of small plates. The asparagus was light fresh and tasty, though as another review mentioned, this isn't too difficult. The vegan crab cakes were the star of our meal, they really pulled this off, my pescatarian dining partner thought they were delicious as well. The Korean tofu left a little to be desired, the tofu was too soft and the sauce not very flavorful. Drinks average $12 (more if you order off menu) and are not huge, but they are going for quality not volume. Overall an interesting new option I am certain to revisit, a unique yet familiar addition to 13th Street.Hard to decide between two and three stars.  Went with three because the food was good; drinks very good.  Service was HORRIBLE.  The waitress talked to us like she either thought we were five years old, or mentally challenged in some way.  It wasn't that busy and she outright ignored us a few times when we tried to get her attention.  Probably won't be back.This review comes from a vegan with food allergies, who LOVES food. The first time I came here, unfortunately the kitchen put soy in one of my dishes (soy and gluten free menus are available, and delicious) and I got sick. However, the manager asked me to give them another chance to make it right, and I've been back a dozen times since then. Waitress Tori is the sweetest, most attentive waitress I've had, and Chef Janoy is just AMAZING (seriously try the asian hoisin sauce). This is my favorite place for date night and also like tonight, dinner with friends. I've brought many non-vegan non-allergy people here and everyone loves it. It definitely is pricey, but so worth it. My faves are the smoked cauliflower, the cucumber honeydew soup, the chickpea spaghetti and of course chocolate creme de pot. Thanks Tori and the crew for being awesome!One of the best vegan places in town!!! I recommend getting about 5-6 dishes to share between two people. I got the spinach crab cake, eggplant bao, Korean tofu and the cauliflower. The Korean tofu and eggplant bao were so flavorful! The portions are very small but surprisingly filling.Great atmosphere is this small and usually packed place.  The bar is well furnished with knowledgeable bartenders.  Cocktails on the menu were of variable taste, some very boozy, others tasteless.  Went there with a group of friends with a reservation ... but we still had to wait 45min at the bar, so don't be in a rush.  The food was ok.  Nothing exceptional.  My main issue with the food is that you had no idea what you were seeing - not just because that is vegan food but because it was way too dark and I do not want to eat with my phone flash on.  We were in good company and passed a good evening but I won't go back for food.We came to this establishment after dinner for drinks and dessert. We wanted a feel of the Philly vegan scene. We wish we'd come here for dinner, unfortunately reservations before 10 were not available. We got the chocolate lava cake and mousse, both were amazing! The drinks were the punch and bubble tea like drinks! Amazing! We will definitely be going back for dinner! Our waitress was great and very helpful!It's a tight squeeze (but that's the case for all Marquis' restaurants). My most recent experience wasn't the best in terms of comfort. I love their options and eclectic menu. This time around I got some new menu items, all of which were good. The dishes can afford a little bit more salt. I think that would make the flavors really pop. Nonetheless, the apps, entrees, desserts were good. The drinks I have yet to try. Overall, I think the dining experience would have been better if I wasn't so crammed.I was definitely wow-ed by the culinary experience at Charlie was a sinner. The restaurant is set up with a gorgeous setting, low lighting makes it even more classy. The food is served tapas style which makes it easier to share dishes so the more people the merrier. I would definitely recommend the Vanilla citrus salad/ Bucatini & meatballs/ Maryland style crab cake ALL are to die for. They all tasted so...real haha.  Their drinks are also AMAZING. Try the Goin Down Easy if you're looking for something fruity with a strong hint of citrus. 
It was a bit crowded though, and the table was a bit small given that everyone is sharing dishes. 
Service is superb though! We were a bit late for our reservation but the table was still kept for our party. The waitress at our table is sweet and helpful since she knew it was our first time at Charlie was a sinner and checked back on us every once in a while to make sure everything was a-ok! Great dining experience!This is on point and is similar to V Street, but not every dish is as spicy. My mom and I went in during opening so no one was there. We got people watching window seats in front of the restaurant. Here was also an option to sit outside, but it was a little breezy for that. On a nice not so breezy day, eating outside may be a nice option, especially if you don't feel like sitting in the dark ambiance setting.
Out waiter was super friendly and outgoing. Very peppy and energetic. She was very accommodating and leisurely. Actually a little on the slow side considering we were the only ones in there....but they were going for the fancy slow mood. I had to be somewhere after dinner, so I'm sure if I had more time, I would have enjoyed being served dish by dish with breaks in between even more. Still, it was very nice and formal.
You got to choose from sparking or still water, which was free! What a bonus! They had mint leaves thrown into the water. I could taste the slight hint of mint and thought it was pleasant, but my mom, like many of yelpers, couldn't taste the mint at all.
The food was great! I would go back again for the bread and ricotta! Bummer that is was taken off the happy hour specials, but I guess they knew it was that good that they could always charge full price. We got the daily taco special. Which was good. Not the best, but better than your average white bread taco. The homemade corn tortilla made it. 
We also got the cauliflower that was grilled and delicious! It came with a creamy sauce that tasted like purée cauliflower. Interesting combo, but it worked. It was pretty good. The Potato croquettes looked the strangest, but was actually really good. There were small fried potato balls served on top of thinly sliced potatoes. Then there were sauces and veggies on top to add flavor. The fried potatoes were a little salty for my likings, but I could easily scrape the salt off and deal with it just fine.
Overall I was very impressed. Very similar to V Street and Vedge, by having relatively small dishes, but not as expensive.My wife and I came to philadelphia to get away from DC for a weekend.  My wife is vegetarian and someone had recommended we try this place.  We had reservations at 915, but came at about 845 in the hopes that we might get seated.  The host told is they would have a table "soon" when we arrived.    
We waited at the bar.  The manager was nice and approached us to take our drink order.   When we told him we came from DC and had knew one of the initial chefs who helped open the place, he gave us complimentary drinks.  I ordered the velocity drink and my wife ordered Charlie's punch.  Both drinks were good and unique.   
After 30 minutes, we still had no table.  We were again told "any minute."    After another 30 minutes, the staff told us the couple that was at "our" table was "taking a long time with dessert." 
By this time, the two if us were starving.  We got seats at the bar.  My wife tried to order Charlie's punch again and the drink she got was different than the first-- apparently we had been there so long that their daily drink for Charlie's punch had changed.   The server gave us their ricotta appetizer on the house for our wait.
20 minutes later (1 hour 10 minutes after our reservation) we got seated.  We ordered the crab cakes (over rated), potato croquettes (delicious), Korean tofu ( nice and spicy), gnocchi (small and not too flavorful), and cauliflower dish (amazing).  
Overall food was pretty good, but not worth the wait.  Never had to wait like this in DC or NYC.I'm not a fan of vegetarian food but I will give it 5 stars on cocktails alone. Easy-going atmosphere. Fun and trendy. Try to grab a seat at the bar and watch wonders happen.Came here because of the rave reviews and because we wanted to try something new and interesting. The food was horrible. We are into healthful eating, but nothing about these dishes are healthy. You don't taste the actual vegetables like you do other high end vegetarian/vegan restaurants, because the vegetables here are masked in sauce or fried. The avocado  toast is has too much rich sauce. The potato croquettes - well they are fried as expected but very mediocre. The carrot mousse was disappointing because you don't taste the carrots. It's served with a lot of bread. It's masked in some weird flavors. The bread was good though. The zucchini "crabcake" slider was a travesty. They should have called it what it is - a zucchini cake. Finally, we had the bucatini with meatballs. This is one dish we had the lease complaint about. Not a fan of the seitan meatballs but the sauce was good. Unfortunately we will not be coming back to this place. If you want refined vegan/vegetarian restaurant, we recommend Vedge.Cute little speakeasy type bar/restaurant. Mixologist was very creative. Friendly staff. Food was killer! Id go back without a doubt.One of the most beautiful restaurants I've been to in Philly, and certainly one of the most classy happy hours.
A friend and I dropped by around 4 PM on a Friday to partake in the happy hour menu; we were allowed to sit at the bar, lounge, or outside instead of just crowding around the bar! We chose to sit at a little table in the lounge, and was promptly given a happy hour and regular menu. All of the drinks looked delicious; I ordered Charlie's punch (the rum mixed drink of the day) and my friend ordered the daily draft (a raspberry-flavored ale). I had a few problems with ID, but the manager came out and sorted everything out, and I am grateful for his personal touch and welcoming air. Both of our drinks were SO GOOD; mine barely tasted like rum, but still had a kick to it regardless!
We ordered tacos and pea sliders; I would recommend anything that is supposed to be meat (but are actually vegan!), as they all have a smoky, filling taste. We also ordered the ricotta off the normal menu, of which I was not as found of, as the bread was a little too burnt for my taste and the ricotta too salty. 
Finally, extra props to the atmosphere. Charlie was a Sinner has an old-school, mahogany speakeasy feel, but with the best, laid-back service. Would definitely come back again with a vegan/vegetarian friend, or just for the drinks!Our server, Jennifer, was the absolute highlight of the meal. She was professional, courteous, attentive, and very knowledgeable about the menu. 
For the menu, two of us split the moroccan spinach bakoula, potato gnocchi, mu-shu tofu, and an artichoke frite (which I cannot find on the menu). It was plenty of food. The gnocchi was a bit of a let down, but the mu-shu tofu was pretty bomb (and it was my first tofu experience). 
For drinks, one of us got the house punch, which was described as "jungle juice." To me, there were so many juices added that you could not pick out the taste of any of the parts of it. The second drink we ordered was the White Russian, which I found spectacular, and my friend even switched to for her second drink.
I was absolutely in love with the decor - green lamps above the bar that brought me back to the billiard halls of many decades ago. There are three sections to this place. The front dining area with tables giving each table a bit more privacy and space (but people constantly walking by). The middle section where the bar rests. And the back section with little space per table (so very easy to overhear the conversations next to you).https://gf-flamingo.blogspot.com/
Overall: Charlie was a sinner is not a place I would go for dinner (only due to plate size) but rather a nice cocktail and small bites. 
The menu is creative and does change with seasons and product availability. Get in, savor your favorites while they are still on the menu!Finally had the chance to check this place out last night and I was so glad I did!  No, it's not cheap, but it wasn't crazy either.  It was in line with other vegan restauarants that are kinda nice.  Crab cakes were awesome.  Avocado toast was amazing.  Fried artichoke and pea soup were not great, but also not like something that makes you feel sick.  Nice ambiance, interesting cocktails.  Will def be back!With the really great all veg menu in this place, it's no surprise that they are often packed. Unique dishes like chickpea fries and vegan "crabcakes" make it worth the wait. To make this expensive treat a little less expensive, two people can split four or five dishes and feel pretty full. The $6 and $7 plates give you just as much food as the $8 or $10 plates. Everything is fantastic, so you can't go wrong with your order.Met colleagues for a drink here-- really interesting craft cocktails. The ones I tasted were all very tasty. The atmosphere is cozy. I would have liked to go back to try the food, but it will have to wait for my next trip to Philadelphia.I loved my experience here. My boyfriend is newly vegan (roughly about 3 months now) and we are always looking for tasty and filling meals for him. Well Charlie's has exceeded both of our expectations. EVERYTHING we had was delicious and flavorful. Didn't need any salt or extra seasoning. We both left extremely satisfied and cannot wait to return. We shared Charred Shishito Peppers, Zucchini "crab cake" Sliders, and the Potato Croquettes....... One word to sum up all three (AMAZING)! We then ordered the Buccatini & Meatballs for him and the Korean Style Fried Tofu for me. After about a 20 minute wait our server let me know that I couldn't get the tofu dish and had to order off of the late night menu due to the time. I didn't see anything else I wanted off that menu and wish I would've knew when we first ordered. Other than that I thoroughly enjoyed my experience. The vibe is relaxed and the decor is great. I cannot wait to go back and try more dishes.This was my first time at Charlie was a Sinner. I just had a drink, however it was delicious. I got one of the specialty cocktails. As I am a lover of veg cuisine, I would go back to order food. The ambience was nice. I was there with a friend, but it did seem like a place to either pick up a date or be picked up. The crowd was pretty friendly and gregarious. I also liked the bartender, as he was nice and pretty cute too! I recommend for a date spot OR to meet a new date :).Meat eater reporting in.  Took Wifie there for her BDay...she's a vegetarian.  The drinks are awesome and the food was on point. Definitely recommend.  Don't be scared carnivores...this place does not disappoint.I stopped here after my meal at Vedge, so I only had room for a drink and a small snack. The drink was a play on a classic martini, except the glass was first saturated with some kind of shrub/wood smoke. It was really good, and it was fun to watch the smoke and drink being assembled right in front of me.
I also ordered a crab cake to munch on. It was really good, albeit a bit small. 
I'd definitely be keen to try this play for a full meal sometime.Center City Sips at Charlie Was A Sinner is Sips at its best.  Why?  One reason - it's always crowded for Sips.  You can feel a buzz in the air.  Second - they promote it as soon as you walk in rather than being like a couple of places I know where you have to ask them for the Sips menus.  And third and most importantly - the food.  The Korean Fried Tofu was totally awesome with great flavor, texture, and kick.   You'll def be saying "Pease sir, may I have some more?"  The potato croquettes were tasty as well.  Especially with the aioli chipotle sauce.   A Stoudt's Kolsch was the perfect beer accompaniment.  Now if you don't know - this is a vegan bar.  And one of the best there is!Beautiful atmostphere. I ordered take-out, but really enjoyed the ambiance while I waited for my food. Felt like a Great Gatsby speakeasy, which I really enjoyed. It was PACKED on a Saturday night.
I believe this place is 100% Vegan bar with some very creative snacks and lots of liquor. I got the Zucchini Crab Cakes and Potato Croquettes. Crab Cakes were FANTASTIC and Croquettes came with a wonderful sauce.
Wish I had the time to linger, have a few drinks, and enjoy the setting more, but my boyfriend and 2 pups were outside waiting in the snow... :#Service:  Friendly, fun and attentive.
Atmosphere:  Perfect for the girls night we had.  Rich decor, fun music.  All in all, vibrant!
Drinks: Great selection.  I love that they had a list of mocktails. It's so inclusive.  I tried my friend's and they were delicious.  
Food:  Really fantastic!  So many flavors!  The crabcakes and the croquettes were swoon-worthy.  This chef's potatoes (the filling of the croquettes) have been described by my mother-in-law as, "whipped by angels." :)  Another huge favorite of mine was the fava beans and gnocchi.  Oh and the Ricotta!  
All in all, I was skeptical going in but a huge fan coming out!Delicious Drinks, Great Service, Good Food.
I like the location, and the ambiance is romantic and comfortable. The only thing that I don't like so much is the lack of meat. I get it, its a vegan spot. But could it hurt to offer some sort of delicious meat dish for us carnivores to enjoy with our delicious drinks?!
Overall, great new addition to the city. I look forward to visiting again soon.Went here with high expectations about the food and service.. Was not impressed with any of the food choices, flavors and/or the service.. Food was extremely salty.. Highly not recommended!!Absolutely love it! Great service! Great food.
1. Def get a reservation. I went on a Friday afternoon and it's packed.
2. I had the special drink of that day, the warm wine. It's awesome! Just the perfect drink for a cold winter night.
3. We ordered three dishes per person. And finished every dish. 
4. Highly recommend: Korean Spicy Tofu, Brussels sprout, spice cauliflower, chickpea fries, broccoli rabe, mushroom on toast, and the bucatini. I think the Broccoli rabe, mushroom on toast, and Brussels sprout have to be my favorite.This place was a pleasant surprise! Sexy speakeasy type scene. Al Green and Donny Hathaway pumping through the speakers. Dimly lit by candlelight. Perfectly crafted drinks. Make sure you try the Missing Man. And coming from a meat lover, their vegan dishes were awesome. Who knew!?My husband and I came here shortly after they opened.  I'm a vegetarian and was super excited to actually be able to eat anything on the menu.  My husband is not, but was willing to humor me.  Needless to say, we both loved the food!  Definitely get the chickpea fries, they were my favorite dish that we ordered!  Everything that we got was delicious.  My only complaint is that the cocktails were a little expensive.  However, I got the Pablo Picasso and really enjoyed it.   
We had a few issues, however.  Our chickpea fries and dessert took a really long time to come out.  Apparently, they were having issues with the fryer.  We eventually got both and they took them off the bill because we had to wait so long.
I also want to add that everyone that worked there was incredibly nice and friendly.  Our waitress was attentive and proactive.  Because it had just opened, I cut them some slack for the wait time because all new restaurants are going to have some kinks the first few weeks.  However, the way the situation was handled by our waitress was amazing! She immediately apologized, and offered to send us up another appetizer on the house, then explained the issues they were having and comped the two dishes that caused the problem.  I'm not someone that causes a fuss in restaurants, but if I was, she wouldn't have even given you the time to get angry before it was settled!
I'm certainly going back, especially since my meat-eater husband loved the food and it's pretty difficult for us to find a place we both like so much!This place was amazing! My husband and I went here and although we are vegetarian, we are certainly not vegan (and have had bad experiences with vegan food in the past). Charlie was a sinner really surprised us!  
We made a reservation 45 minutes before the time at 8pm and waited only 5 minutes before being seated.  Unfortunately, the table was right by the hostess stand so it was a little annoying to being close to door and many people waiting to be seated. But, we did understand that it was a Saturday night and the restaurant isn't that big. 
That being said, the food and staff were EXCELLENT! We got the Korean Tofu and Buccatini and Meatballs.  Both were absolutely delicious!  Very tasty and couldnt even tell it was vegan. 
Since it was so busy, our server wasn't able to attend to our table immediately (which was ok with us because we knew he was working really hard).  But, the hostess and other staff members were able to make it for it. Would highly this place and would definitely come back again.Whoa!!! What a surprise.  This place is FABULOUS.  From the decor to the ambience.  The food.. every morsel was tasty.  You can't go wrong with anything on the menu.I'm glad that my vegetarian husband and I came to check out this new place. There is good variety on the menu, but as with most tapas restaurants, each dish was extremely salty. We ordered five plates between the two of us, and that was plenty.  The chickpea fries are worth trying, because they are very interesting in both taste and texture. The Brussels sprouts were roasted well and not mushy, but were served on a huge pile of aioli which I thought took away from the actual taste of the vegetable. We really enjoyed the fake crab crabcakes, which are made of minced leek, but again, I was glad for the small portion because it was so salty. All in all, it was a very interesting dining experience, and I'm so glad we went to try it. Unfortunately, we will probably not go out of our way to go back.Very cute place! The decoration is beautiful and unusual. I really liked all the food we ordered and would recommend the croquettes, bucatini and cauliflower to anyone who likes good food, including meat lovers. I wasn't very impressed with the cocktails or the bar service, but our waitress was sweet and helpful.Amazing, intimate atmosphere. Great vegan options and sharable small plates. Perfect date place.Absolutely amazing. The drinks are so fresh and flavorful and the desserts are absolutely to die for! I can't believe it's vegan. My best friend it lactose intolerant and it's so hard to find quality places that she can eat. This places goes above and beyond! I would recommend it for anyone, diet restrictions or not they are incredible and the staff is so friendly!It's been many months since last summer, and in all my travels I've yet to find a bar elsewhere with the quality, high grade selections, staff or experience this bar offers. Vegan is one thing. A top tier bar with unbelievable cocktails and artistry is another, and Charlie's is 5 star.
Friends who were never into "vegan" can't wait to go back here every single time in Philly.
First time visiting and knocked it out of the park. Another case of a "vegetarian" eatery where every dish and the tastes are incredible. Started with the well known Wheat Grass Shot, followed by lemon Goin' Down Easy. The Charred Caesar was incredible and flavor galore (yes, a salad can be mind blowing, try it) and Bucatini with "Meatballs". No meat, all veggies, and every last bit tasted out of this world, with great service and recommendations at the bar on a Sunday night. Finished with Peach Bourbon Tart (wow) and Done and Dusted cold espresso drink that mimics caffeinated clean and cold chocolate in a wineglass. Had never been here before and will definitely return often.The cocktails are amazing and the food is sometimes excellent, but at other times it's pretty mediocre for what you're paying. Best to go with a few friends when you're not too hungry and share multiple small bites.Generally, I'm a carnivore but I enjoyed my dinner here.  I especially enjoyed the Korean BBQ tofu -- which was much like Korean fried chicken, except with tofu.  Also good was the fava beans with gnocchi.  The mrs, who acceded to eating here only reluctantly, was disappointed by the polenta, which was fine to me.  She raved about the faux ricotta which was pleasing but left me nonplussed. The fried chickpea fries were good.  
Cocktails were the usual sort of complicated concoctions that hip cocktail places serve these days.I usually love Charlie Was a Sinner. Today I'm giving it four stars instead of five. Still not bad but not great. We came here for after dinner drinks. I ordered the Knockin on Heaven's door. It was pretty tart. More so than I would typically go for. The waitress asked how our drinks were. I told her it was slightly tart and she brought it back to the bar to sweeten it up. The drink was good with extra simple syrup but thought it was kind of strange that she didn't offer a completely new drink. Still love it here. Just a little odd this time around.