Had a lovely dinner. Did not have a reservation. The chopped salad was cold and crisp and the dressing had a nice kick to it. The waitress offered a crab cake entree that was not on the menu because I had inquired about it as an appetizer. It was absolutely delicious. I got it with the vegetable medley and that was also very good. My dinning partner was very pleased with the salmon. We ordered the signature lava cake dessert and we were not disappointed. It was very rich and decadent- perfect for dessert. The views were spectacular and the service was above and beyond. I would go back.I always wanted to have a water view & bridge view of this beautiful city of Philadelphia,My hometown.Today was our anniversary!Made reservations at the last minute and requested a bridge view.Maybe?We were treated like VIP'S as soon as we walked in.Staff was so very professional and attentive.The Manager stopped at every table to make sure everyone was "Happy".Awesome view food was outstanding!This is our new #1 in Philly dinning!Our sever Rochelle knew both our names and treated us like family.Me and my boyfriend have never had such an amazing dinner.Highly recommend!!!I stopped after work for a light dinner at the bar. The wine by glass menu was very small and my first choice which was the headliner special was not available wouldn't you know it. So I paid $11 for a 6 oz pour which I thought looked small but I'm sure everyone is used to the pour we make our selves at home. Anyway on to the calamity. I ordered the calamari which tasted delicious and was lightly fried with peppers and jalapeños. Two hours later I was cursing the my choice and I continued to pay for it ALL night long. Needless to say I won't be back to any Chart house restaurants after this intestinal event. When thinking back on it, I was the only person eating ....hmmmmmI came here expecting a high class dining experience. However, I found myself a bit disappointed. The view was extremely pretty. The food was good, but not extraordinary in any way. The server was nice enough, but he wasn't particularly outstanding otherwise. 
The part that really got my goat, however, was the long wait for my food. There was barely anybody at the restaurant, but it still took a full hour for the appetizer to arrive. It took at least another thirty minutes for the entrees to appear. When they did, I was mildly disappointed. The food was not worth the exorbitant price tag attached to it. The most dismal part of my experience , however, was the fact that they ran out of their world famous mud pies. I was really disappointed and shocked. Overall, I do not recommend this restaurant because it fails to live up to its high price tag.Came here for Thanksgiving dinner. Reservations for 6:15 and it was after 6:30 before we were seated. The plated thanksgiving dinner was good.  It had your typical thanksgiving foods: turkey, stuffing, cranberries and your choice of mashed potatoes or a baked sweet potato. Dessert was choice of pecan or pumpkin pie. Neither worth coming back for.Food was definitely overrated. So was the experience.  It was nice being on the water, and the restaurant decor was nice, but it just wasn't all that great.  Service seemed annoyed the entire time like we were asking the waiter to do more than what his job entails.  High prices don't match the quality of the food, nor the service.. Oh well.Our Chart House, Philly experience was fantastic!  We'll be back soon!There's enough to like about Charthouse.
The sea bass and crab stuffed mushrooms were perfectly prepared and the service was great. The view is cool too..good for date night.I went to the chart house did the salad bar and sat outside the view is beuitefull. the salad was decent but I've had better a great place to go for lunch. I've been there both for dinner and lunch. and I have to say lunch is better.First time trying this place out. Went for happy hour on a rainy day. I had firecracker shrimp, prime rib sliders, and some chicken lettuce wraps. All good but definitely get the firecracker shrimps at leastWhile I know this is a Landry chain, I am just so in love with these stores.  This one particularly is right on the water and has wonderful outside seating for boat watching on the patio! But the blue cheese filet was the best steak ever! Service was good, even though the war ships cannons scared us! If I am in the area again I will stop in!HORRIBLE! I'll give this restaurant half a star for the scenery and the other half for somewhat decent food and that's about it folks! The dining experience was appalling! My colleagues and I all thought that our server was on drugs. His eyes were bloodshot with dark circles around his eyes and he could not stop shaking. Every time he poured a glass of wine, he would spill on the table. It came to a point where my colleague had to show him how to properly pour a glass of wine. Then we had a bad bottle of wine served to us. It smelled fishy, it tasted sour and that's after letting it breathe for a few minutes. So we politely asked for another bottle, the server didn't question us and said he'll be right back. Then that's when S*&# hit the fan! His boss, Mike (if that's his real name) rudely interrupted our dinner and questioned my boss on why we returned the bottle. Without an introduction or an apology for the inconvenience he said, "So I heard that your returning the bottle. What's wrong with it? I smelled it in the back and it was fine." His tone and demeanor made it sound like he didn't believe us! We were all in absolute shock! My boss explained why we returned it and that we wanted another bottle, it's not like we drank half the bottle and decided that it was bad. And this particular bottle was roughly $150. We got another bottle, drank it, and paid the server a tip (we're still nice patrons, even though they were all A$$*&#@!).Customer service was utterly disappointing.  I'm not sure if we just caught the staff (the hostess, the two servers who served us, a random server who we asked for a high chair) on a bad day (like a terrible, horrible, no good, very bad day -- cue inspiration from a childhood favorite book)... but man, was this an awful experience with a wait staff!
Things that went wrong:
1) Entered the restaurant, greeted by NO ONE even though two ladies and a gentleman were standing at the host booth just looking at us straight in the eyes....  RUDE
2) We were seated and there was no high chair as we had included in our reservation...and 30 minutes passed before we ever got one.  Here's why:  Our two servers seemed angry/irritated and busy so my fiance went to go ask a random server.  Random server says it's going to be a while before we get one as she is also busy.  He asks if she could just point to where it is and he could get it... she refuses and insists on bringing it to us.  My fiance comes back frustrated with no high chair and little hope that she will actually deliver.  After waiting 15 minutes, we ask Server 1.  Server 1 seems to understand, but she does not deliver  for 15 minutes.  Do you know what it's like keeping your super active 10 month old on your lap while trying to eat?  -_-
3) We ordered our kiddo some chicken fingers.  CHICKEN FINGERS.  That's all.  Our food came (okay but not anything to rave to people about) and still... no food for our super active and SUPER HUNGRY 10 month old.  His food never came........  server kept saying it was coming, but NOPE.  We ended up filling him up with the free bread.  -_-
4) If you choose to be a server, you should know that smiling and being nice is part of your job.  Both female and male servers were absolutely miserable...  our water never got filled up, we never got some of our food, and it seemed like any request we had was causing them so much pain.... and trust me, nothing we asked for was difficult.  1) coffee.  2) our food. 3) refill of water and we never got that....
Needless to say, we left really disappointed, somewhat hungry, and super annoyed.  Definitely NOT worth the money.  I'm giving 2 stars merely for the food.. which was not atrocious.  The only plus of this place is the valet parking - and if you like the view of the brown water of the Delaware River surrounding the restaurant.I was a little skeptical about this restaurant due to the low star ratings, however I was looking for a restaurant on the water and this fit the bill.  Food was exceptional! Apps were the calamari and coconut shrimp, both cooked to perfection and tasty sauce pairings with each.  I had the Spicy Ahi, cooked rare, AMAZING, again with great sauce pairings.  I also had ordered creamed spinach, which assumed was going to be mediocre at a fish restaurant, and it blew DelFrisco's and Capital grill's versions out of the water!! We finished with the lava cake, which was exactly that and sinfully delicious.I enjoyed our meal at Chart House.  The view of the water is nice and is a relaxing change from typical Philly scenery.  
The interior was slightly dated but still very nice.
Service was very good and attentive.
As for the food, I enjoyed my meal.  I appreciate the fact that they carry Alaskan salmon that is not farmed, which is healthier than Atlantic salmon.   My salmon was cooked a little too dry but it was fine.  The accompanying veggies were excellent.  I also ordered spinach which was well prepared and the portions were generous.
Overall a very good meal.Ambience was excellent, however, the food was just ok. Service was also average. Not a bad place just didn't live up to the hype. I may give it another chance, though there was one weird thing. The waitress read us the specials and they were all menu items. When we questioned her about a special she pointed to it on the menu. Little weird.Yesterday was a very sad experience for me.   I've been to the Chart House here on the Delaware River many times.   Always a special experience.   Some of the elements are still there.   Wonderful atmosphere, great view of the river and excellent food (altho I noted that prices which were never cheap, have risen somewhat).   Now for the really sad part.   It was like visiting an old friend who seems in the mid stages of some degenerative brain disease.   The wait staff was completely clueless (and perhaps also understaffed and this contributed to their downfall).   I ordered the Caesar Salad, my friends purchased the amazing Salad Bar.   We ordered cocktails and just minutes later my salad arrived (a clue of what was to come).   So my friends went to the Salad Bar.   After some minutes I was enjoying my salad, perhaps 1/3 eaten.   My friends left for seconds at the Salad Bar and here comes our dinner.   Plunked down on the table next to my barely eaten salad.   All this time we never saw our waitress.   I had wanted to order a glass of wine for my dinner (this was not to be).   We adjusted our eating and enjoyed our delicious dinners.   I left the table (seeing no wait staff) to ask for the Manager.   He was later located and came to our table to apologize.   He provided me with a complimentary glass of wine.   We decided to try to make the best of it and order coffee and dessert.   After some time, the waitress appeared and asked if our meals were satisfactory (a little late) we ordered coffee but before we were able to order dessert she sprinted away.   After another 15 minutes the coffees arrived with apologies for the delay.   We decided at that point to cut our losses, ask for the check  and get out.   The place was not full, altho there were a good number of people around.   Plates taken away, we were in and out of there in just about one hour.   Our memory of past wonderful dinners fading in our heads and disappointment and sorrow prime in our hearts.   It is so very sad to see a wonderful old friend become an incompetent hack.My husband and I ate at the Chart House recently, and while the riverfront view was lovely, and our waiter gave us friendly and attentive service, we were both sorely disappointed with the food, which was several grades below our local diner for nearly four times the price. For example, the Philly Cheesesteak omelette we both had contained fatty "prime rib" with  Velveeta drizzled on the top, which may be acceptable for an actual Philly cheesesteak, but not as part of a $25.99 buffet. I can't see myself going back anytime soon, unless the quality of the food improves in line with the prices.With the original Chart House and the first ones to follow, they were considered the place to go for great seafood!  They are all in locations near the water. This one is located in Penn's Landing, with a good sized free parking lot or front door valet parking. This is the only Chart House in Pennsylvania.
When you first walk in you are met on the central level of this restaurant.  Walking down the stairs will bring you into a large open feeling and welcoming bar and lounge with massive seating at tables or at the bar.  You will experience waterfront views and a more relaxed and casual dining experience than the patrons sitting two stories above.  I have done both several times, both are as eloquent as the other, but the lounge is more relaxed.
I come here for the clam chowder which is award winning and very good as is the lobster bisque, which is laced with sherry.  I like their spinach salad, with a warm bacon dressing, chopped egg, more bacon, mushrooms and radishes. The crab stuffed mushrooms are always a favorite of mine, but they are running promotions right now, so we decided to share the lobster roll, pricey but excellent and served with a tangy mustard sauce.  The tempura shrimp roll, wow, they certainly beat any display I have seen to date on this roll, wonderfully flavored and drizzled with two different sauces   
The stuffed jumbo shrimp and the crab cakes are my favorites for entrees.  I've had the filet mignon and although it is char broiled corn fed beef, it is a good filet, but not the best I have had. They are now featuring a filet and lobster tail, which was tempting, but I know my limits so, I had another promotional dish as my entree and I am so glad that I did. Six nice sized Szechuan shrimps served with an amazing kick and white rice.  This was an appetizer, but with all else that I had it was a perfect choice.
Hubby had the dry aged, corn fed and slow roasted Prime rib with au jus and loved it, he is so adventuresome!   We shared the raspberry creme brulee, which was a nice balance of sweet and just enough fruity tartness.  On the upper level they have a nice sized salad bar, which you can opt for as your entree or as your salad course. 
Happy Hour is Monday through Friday 4:30 to 7:00.  They offer three, four and five dollar appetizers, six dollar martini's, five dollar cocktails, four dollar glasses of select wines, four dollar well cocktails, three fifty for imported or specialty beers and two fifty for domestic bottles.  They are currently featuring a prix fix "distinctive dining deal" which we did print to take with us and hubby used it, but I passed after gasping at the other choices not included in this plan.  For twenty nine dollars you can have soup or a salad, select entrees with a side and dessert.  This offer is good Sunday through Thursday.
Service needs improvement, kitchen needs to learn how to handle a full house and the food needs to reflect the prices charged. The restaurant is beautiful, open and with great views no matter where you sit.  It has recently been renovated and they have expanded the upper dining area.  With so much going for it and so little effort put into bringing it all together, we need to have a meeting of minds.  My rating is minus one star for these reasons.  
I have been to this location several times when a great NE clam chowder calls my name, however I have been to much better Chart House's in Boston and Coronado, which is now the Boat House, they also own Peohe's.  I will return to this Chart House knowing before I walk in the door I will enjoy the food but the service from the entire staff will be hit or miss.  This location is open for dinner, seven days per week and Sunday brunch. Note: they do have an elevator for the handicapped.   
The Chart House wins many awards for it's scenic views, but it has been many years since they have won for their food and service.First time back in nearly 20 years.  I'm sorry to say that it hasn't changed a bit.  We were there for a special occasion luncheon and it was like we stepped into a time machine. I get that it's a chain but I think you guys got the full value out of the carpet, tables chairs etc and a changeout wouldn't kill you.  
The food is decent.  It's not terrible and it's not fantastic.  They aren't there to wow you with cuisine.  Their main claim to fame is location, location, location.   Without the view they are Red Lobster.My husband I came here for our anniversary dinner. The place itself is nice and romantic with dim lights and outdoor seating right on the water. We were slightly disappointed that our menus were not personalized for the occasion...I know this sounds silly but whenever we have been to the Chart House in Weehawken, NJ they always personalize the menus for the occasion so its something we got used to.
On to the food. We had the crab/avocado/mango stack as an appetizer. It was fresh and delicious. It was also large enough to share. We both ordered the stuffed shrimp for the entree and again it was fresh and the crab that it was stuffed with was seasoned well.
Lastly the star of the evening was the lava cake. I am generally not a fan of chocolate cake but this one was delicious. 
Overall the meal was solid but slightly over priced.I went here for my 19th birthday and it was amazing!!! The steak was amazing and so was the shrimp cocktail! Perfect for special occasions, really classy!My husband and I decided to eat here for date night. We've been here before but it had probably been at least 2 years ago. Restaurant is still outdated. We were sat overlooking the Delaware River, which was very nice, definitely a great view. We ordered the Kimchee calamari and it was really good. My husband had the Caesar salad and I had the chopped salad. It was ok. My entree was the Chilean sea bass. The menu doesn't list that it comes with anything so when the server asked if I wanted a side, I ordered asparagus (8 dollars). My entree came with rice and vegetables so the asparagus was a complete waste (and didn't taste good to begin with). The sea bass was great but the rice and vegetables were worse than diner food. My husband had filet Oscar and it came with cold mashed potatoes. Our server was horrible. We had to ask for refills for our alcoholic drinks and then she never refilled our water. It sat empty the entire meal (she never came back between our salad and the end of our meal). We definitely will not return. Way too pricey for mediocre food. I was also really surprised to see the hostess take a 20 dollar bill from a guy asking for a window seat when the place was empty and most people were being seated alongside the water to begin with.Positive: Excellent view of the water with a large array of seafood and delicious, warm chocolate lava cake.
Negative: Mediocre tasting food.
Overall: Large, high quality seafood selection with excellent ambiance. The food taste, however, is average.
Revisit:  Not again.  Despite the great quality and large selection the taste is just not good enough, and even the excellent ambiance does not make up for it.We came for dinner and the atmosphere was terrific.  For dinner we had the prime rib and the sword fish it was perfect we also had the great calamari for dessert. I would highly recommend coming back here and then mixed drinks were superbI love the Chart House. An A+ on everything. The only thing I don't like about it is that their Prime Rib has a lot of fat on it, but everything else was perfect.Ambiance is nice here. Whether you sit indoors or out on the deck, you can hear the water which is very relaxing. My family and I sat out on the deck, so we had nice views of both bridges and enjoyed watching boats of all sizes go by.
I would venture to say that the reason this is a four-star restaurant and not a five-star restaurant is mainly the experience and charisma of the wait staff. Our waiter did not seem blessed with either-- he seemed stressed, uncomfortable, unsure of his recommendations, and he lurked at our table a bit too long at each visit. My sister ordered a refill on a glass of wine before our food came and it did not arrive until she was nearly finished with her entree. For the prices you pay here, you just expect a little more than that. 
It's a shame because the quality and presentation of the food is really excellent. My only complaint was that the tomatoes on my plate were not dressed or seasoned, just plain tomatoes cut in half and put on the plate as a garnish. But everything else we ate was fantastic.If I could rate it 0 stars I would. Service was horrible and dishonest. Did not honor menu linked to the website on OpenTable, was charged $40 for mimosas that were advertised for free. Complained to manager and he tried to mediate the situation with a free round of drinks. The free round of drinks never came... Will never be back.What a disappointment! We ate at CH in Philadelphia, PA on 9/30/2016 around 7:15PM.  The service was so slow and not attentive to our table.  I had to find a server to request more water and later decaf café to go with my CH Mud Pie.  I believe I was served caffeinated coffee after the server said it was decaffeinated.  I should have known better since he had a bunch of filled coffee cups on his round tray and no way to tell / separate the two.
My Prime Rib, beans and mash potatoes came to me luke warm.  I like my vegetables crisp, but these were just undercook.  My wife's Chicken dinner was similar.
We both ordered the CH Mud Pie.  My wife's was delivered melted down so it looked like she had a slice that was about 1/3rd of mine.  When asked to replace it, the first comment from the server was, "I'm not sure that we have a slice that was not melted!"  Wow.....
This was not what I would have expected from a better restaurant.  I suggest that you find an alternative to dinning.Had a rather very romantic night here. The food is okay but you pay for the atmosphere. Very nice to sit and relax, enjoy the view of the river and New jersey's water front. The ambience is the greatest thing about this place. Although tad expensive for pretty simple plates you do get that "important" feel by being thereFirst time at the Chart House celebrating my three years anniversary with the boyfriend on New Years Eve was amazing. Even though it was the holiday the Chart House didn't have a set menu like other restaurants I have been too so that means the cost of the course maintain the same as you go out and eat on any other day which is one thing I really liked about them. It was a crowded evening, but the services and food qualities were great. With the view, my boyfriend and I got to see the fireworks clearly!
So lets get back to the food ! Started off with a lobster bisque soup and it was alright. There were bits of lobster pieces, but less than what I had in other restaurant before, but overall I enjoyed it. Then for my main course I order a dish with 6oz filet mignon and a lobster tail and boy it was delicious. Even though I didn't had the chance to eat it right away since I was too busy enjoying the fireworks the steak didn't get tender because it got cold and the lobster tail was still warm and buttery ! As for the dessert I was a bit disappointed since I was looking forward to try their molten lava cake, but it was sold out even though I reserved it before ordering any other meals ! So if you wanna try that make sure to ask and order right away. Even without dessert I wanted to try I order the creme brulee it wasn't bad. I can say that my overall experiences was great and its a place thats def worth a try.Disappointing night. I grew up in the south eating fresh seafood out of the Gulf of Mexico; so I have high standards for expensive seafood restaurants. Chart House in Philly fell far short.  We were there for my wife's birthday, and it is a beautiful venue.  Apps were ok. However the entrees were less than average. My wife had the Barramundi Hemingway.   The filet tasted frozen. The "parmesan encrusted" breading was too thick and hardly seemed pan seared as advertised. It tasted more like something you would buy at Sam's wholesale club.  I had the Chilean Sea Bass blackened. It was pretty tasteless and the presentation was lousy. Desserts were also straight off the SYSCO truck.  I guess this is typical of Landry owned restaurants. Sad because for comparable prices we could have gone elsewhere in Philly and had a truly great meal.  More than $200 for three guests and left unsatisfied.Not worth the money. My co worker said it was the worst Chart House he had experienced. My prime rib came out hot but extremely salty. By the time they brought another dish, my side of creamed apinach was cold. They charged me for it anyway. I finally wound up with the grouper and the sauce tasted like they fortified it with mayonnaise, just horrible. I have eaten all over the world and usually dont post reviews period, but this is the exception!I came here for my fraternity's formal in May and I would have to say that I was disappointed with the location. I think we were charged about $85 for a three course meal and an open bar. People seem like they enjoyed the open bar but the food was definitely not up to par. The clam chowder is $8 on the online menu but tastes very ordinary. In addition, the prime rib was very hard to chew. The whole rib just seemed very raw but I really prefer slightly seared on the outside with a pink center but the entire rib was very pink. 
The only good thing about the place was the ocean view and deck. It's a good place to take pictures but for a formal there wasn't a space big enough to dance at all.Went here with my family for a birthday.  What started out badly with inattentive phone reservation experience and a welcome where the host "forgot" to say welcome or good afternoon, was saved by the food and our waiter, Q, who knew the menu and guided us to a great dining experience.  Fix the initial reception and the restaurant might have been a 5.Their stuffed baked shrimp was mouth watering, the server was great we took my mother here for her birthday last night and it was not a waste. If you're looking for budget friendly place you should probably look elsewhere, this isn't a place that gives you big portions for their prices nor should it be, it's exactly what it's meant to be. I was satisfied with my meal. The lava brownie could've been better it was a tad dry for my taste but it also could've been that day, they didn't have some of the items we wanted to order because they were out of stock after serving 300+ people ‍. I'd come back, I still want to try the swordfish they didn't have available. The overall mood and style of the place was nice it's just the few things we weren't able to try is the reason I wouldn't give it a 5. They offer complimentary valet parking as well just make sure you get your ticket to avoid confusion.Stopped in for dinner, didn't have a reservation but we were able to get a table in the bar area.  Great view of the Delaware river.  Enjoyed faux mojitos and the setting sun.
Place was busy but service was good. I started with the lobster bisque which was delicious.  Then onto the crispy coconut shrimp served on edible rice paper with dipping sauces.  Definately a great meal at a decent price.The Chart House (now owned by the Landry's chain) is still on of the best places to get prime rib in the country.
The view over the Delaware River towards the NJ Battleship is a gorgeous view.
Our server Sharron was pleasant and our food was prompt.
The prime rib was tender and flavorful, served medium rare just as we ordered.
HOWEVER, the meat was cold.  
The baked potatoes are not as huge as I remember, but it came loaded with the works!
I would have given them 4 starts, had the steaks been served HOT.
Overall, a decent place to grab a GREAT STEAK.  ORDER IT HOT!
Love the FREE valet parking (you should tip of course).very fancy. very good seafood.
this restaurant is literally on the water.  I believe its 3 floors and from each window you can see the delaware river.  It has the feeling of a cruise ship - and I think they made it that way on purpose.  If you don't like seafood you won't appreciate this restaurant.  If you do, you'll love it - the fish is amazingly fresh and the service is good.  
This is a fancy restaurant and I could see it being a good romantic date place as well.I was very excited about eating at the Chart House until I actually ate at the Chart House. The food was lacking flavor. The lobster & shrimp roll was bland. If I didn't enjoy the company I was with so much I would have walked out. The server was friendly. Don't recommend this place.I am very surprised to see that overall it is only receiving around a 3 star.
My server was excellent, the food was excellent and the atmosphere was excellent. My only complaint is that for my entree I got scallops, I paid $30 and got 4-5 scallops and there wasn't much else. If it wasn't for the dessert and appetizers, I would have still been hungry.  Everything else was good portions though. Although, I would appreciate more menu options.
I would recommend this place to a friend.
P.S. Get the lava dessert cake at the end!After relaxing in Penn's Landing I wanted a place to relax, drink, and enjoy the river views. Moshulu was closed but fortunately Chart House was ready to serve. My friend & I had a nice corner table with a nice big window that overlooked the river while we drank mango mojitos and sauvingnon blanc.I can only speak for the place and drinks since I didn't eat here. I love how this restaurant is on the water. I wasn't hungry so just came in for some drinks, sat at the bar area which has a beautiful view of the water. This restaurant is very romantic and relaxing.
The service was decent not great.GRRR........ I don't know where to start at this place.. Everything is awful.. We have a reservation tonight at 8:30. Host at the door just don't know what customer service is. Bitch got an attitude problem.. The appetizer is ok. Well you really couldn't fuck that up. Cuz we order the shrimp cocktail and fried shrimp. We have salmon for entree but it's suck. Thin and no good and it's burn! $37.5 for that! Waiter is very polite but inexperience. It's a total blow job Friday night out! If I could give this place a negative 5 stars, I would! We are 200% WONT BE BACK AGAIN FOR SURE!!Beautiful view of the river, bridge, and navy ships at night. The herb crusted salmon was very good. If you come here, don't forget the lava chocolate cake with molten godiva chocolate and heath. 1 star taken off for the server forgetting our order and forgetting to give us bread though.Yes, we've been to the Chart House over the Penn's landing a few times. The location is great, right next to the river. The atmosphere is nice, beautifully decorated for lovers. The services are good, staffs are always smiling. The food... OMG!! Sucks. I repeat: it sucks!! Then, why the hell I still go there then? (you may ask.) Oh well, 2 reasons: Gift Certificates (given by a friend of mine) and that romantic view of the stinky river.
I had the Oysters on the Half Shell, Clam Chowder Soup, Steamed Maine Lobster, and cheesecake for dinner last time. The soup was good (that was the only thing that taste good), but I don't want to mention the oysters and cheesecake. They taste weird. Did I forget about that Streamed Maine Lobster? No, of course not.  It was pretty impressive: The chef cracked the whole lobster in front of me right next to my table (pretty impressive right? But Mr. Chef, please keep your mouth shut while doing it). To be honor, (impressive?) that was about it. The lobster tasted nasty.
So if you do have a date and try to impressive him/her by the view and settings, give the Chart House a shot. Hopefully the overrated expensive foods (but don't taste good) will pay for it afterward.My boyfriend and I ended up here unexpectedly a few weeks ago for dinner. We had planned on going to Spruce Street Harbor Park, but it rained, so we headed here to get inside. Fortunately, they were accepting reservations and added our name to the list. While we waited for a table, we went to the lounge and had a glass of wine. The view was spectacular, especially since we saw a great lightning storm. It didn't take long for us at all to get a table right by the window upstairs.
Our food was delicious. We started with the ahi tuna and coconut shrimp appetizers. The shrimp came with three different dipping sauces, all of which were tasty. The ahi dish was HUGE -- you get two tacos plus tartar and sashimi. By the time my dinner came out I was full. I ordered halibut and my boyfriend had swordfish. We also had the chocolate souffle...out of this world. I'm not even a huge dessert person, but it was seriously so good. 
Great service, great atmosphere, great meal. 10/10 would return.We had a very expensive dinner (over $500) at Chart House 3/26/17. The food was OK the company was the best. We have eaten here many times throughout the years and found it very pleasant. 
The horrible thing about our experience is we ALL got sick very soon after dinner.
Some of our party were hardly able to make it home after dinner because we ALL became very ILL; most of us were unable to make it to work the next day. I called the manager the next afternoon to report the issue we had, he said he would look up our reservation and call me back. He never returned my call, thank you for the customer service this will be remembered and reviewed many times.For People who have been going to the Chart house for over 10 years MUST know that it is NOT what it used to be (the owner or mgmt keep changing). People- you pay for the atmosphere and service NOT the food. Went there a week ago. Paid 25 dollars for what was supposed to be jumbo shrimp (were small) with crab meat that had more filling then crab- did not taste very good. and two tablespoon of mediocre tasting risotto. I made them bring me more as i was so insulted. Back in the day the salad bar was THE best around. Now? pfff. please. And its not included anymore. Even after all i HAVE said. I DO love the atmosphere and service is excellent. Its very romantic but had a way better meal at Chilis the following week. IWhen to Penn's Landing Chart House for New Years Eve 2016, and I was very disappointed. Over priced for sure, but I thought we'd be able to see the fire works without needing to go outside. But even outside, the view was partly obstructed. The food was just ok, nothing special, and for $125 per person, it should have wowed me. I eat out 5-7 times a week and know what a good restaurant meal should be, at this type of restaurant. Additionally, the glass of champagne served was offered after dessert. Because it was billed as a separate cost, I got the impression that I didn't have to include it on my check, and I would have skipped it due to the $25 cost of a glass. Not to mention, I was ready to go after the fire works. The wait staff should have offered it during the meal. This was my second time being disappointed at this restaurant. I won't give them a third chance. Too many better choices in Philadelphia metropolitan area to give my money to this restaurant.Went here recently for a holiday brunch.  The food was good, bit average.  It was a buffet, so I guess you can only expect so much.  The facility it's nice with views of beautiful Camden, NJ.  Eh.  And of course it was pricey.
Wouldn't be my first choice to drop $$$ at again.The server was very nice, however,he "forgot" a lot of of things. One of the nightly specials was spinach, and we ordered it, then about 10 min after we all got our food we asked about it, come to find out they didn't have any spinach. Then on top of that we were still billed for it. And that was just the start; several other snafus were made.
Now, we did have a large party (10 people), however nothing too crazy was ordered. The food that we did receive was tasty. It also took a strange length of time to get our drinks, then it took a while to get our food, and it took a while to pay the bill. We came at 6:30 and left a little after 10:30.Given the price of this place, I was not impressed. First of all, the night started with a rude valet guy telling us if we wanted to park our own car (they have complimentary valet but my fiance didn't want to wait for the car after dinner), to park after spot 20. My fiance parked in spot 20 and the valet guy actually made us move our car to spot 21 which was literally the next spot in the parking lot. I thought that was a little ridiculous given we were about to drop $300 on dinner. 
Pros: lobster bisque, filet medallions, stuffed shrimp, stuffed flounder were pretty good. Lava cake dessert was probably the best part of the night. Waiter was a bit much, but 4/5 service overall. 
Cons: rude valet, there was a hair on the shrimp cocktail we ordered and although they brought out a new one they didn't take it off the bill, cocktails were overly sweet and did not have much booze in them, mashed potatoes were literally like hard mounds of Playdough, crab cake was not good (I didn't even eat it!) although I am from Baltimore and have high expectations, bathroom had no toilet paper in it.
My advice is to go somewhere else if you want an expensive dinner, because this place was DEFINITELY not worth the money.If you are ever thinking of having a party, shower, event etc. at this restaurant DO NOT, you better think twice. There staff not only pushed drinks on my guests and made unprofessional creepy comments, but the kitchen stole my gift and the general manager did nothing about it. He is just as unprofessional and rude. I got completely ROBBED. Not to mention I'm 7 months pregnant. These people handled this situation wrongly and unethical, it's a shame they never learned customer service and the importance of treating there customers with honesty and respect.wow what can i say this was the most amazing service and food my fiance took me there and asked the big question .. and the most amazing service our waiter was Izik he was kind and outstanding defiantly worth $170Update:
Went here again with a couple people and it wasn't so great. Wasn't worth the money this time. The clam chowder and crab cakes are really good, but the shrimp was over cooked, the tuna wasn't anything special, and the scallops are such small portion with no side, they just aren't really a meal.
Not a horrible place, but it seems to vary. 3-4 starCame here for dinner a few days after this past Christmas.  The atmosphere is great but the music they were playing was top pop music hits and seemed disjointed from the overall ambiance which is understated elegance.
The food was 4.5/5: coconut shrimp is a MUST as is the ahi platter: both are delicious and extremely artfully presented.  I'm obsessed with the coconut shrimp dipping sauces.
I had the lobster tail and it was okay.... pretty dry coming from a seafood place.  I know this isnt Long Island or Maine but c'mon!
The salads are also very good- large serving and lots of flavor!
Our server was good but not great, he wasn't really able to answer our questions about certain dishes and was kind of invasive with his 'small talk' questions.
I will be back!Wow! Had an awesome experience at the Chart House yesterday. 
We got there early (4:00pm) and got seated immediately by a very gracious host who joked around with us. They sat us at a table by the window and had an beautiful view. Can't beat the location! And the valet parking is no charge, which is very convenient so you don't have to look for parking.
Then the waitress came over and took our drink order. She was very outgoing and knowledgeable about the menu. We asked for some aggressions and she told us about a few of her favorite items. She was VERY personable and engaging. Kudos to Melissa!
The lobster bisque was INCREDIBLE!!! Best I've ever had. Our dinners were all fantastic (stuffed flounder, lobster tails and the captain's cut prime rib was perfection!!!).
We had the molten lava cake for dessert, which was very good. Not the best I've had, but we forced it down.
I will definitely go back, and not just for a special occasion. The prices are very reasonable for the quality of the menu items.You're paying for the view, unfortunately not the quality food or service. Believe it or not, many dining establishments on the water think they can get away with mediocre food and outdated decor because after all you're on "the water" I agree with other yelpers....this place is tired. The decor is early 90's with pastels and paint splash geometric patterns everywhere...very cheesy. The food frankly sucks. Go someplace better to eat, and go for a walk near the water after a real dinner.Friendly staff, food is perfect and the Manager John is the man! Thanks for always a great night!!Mediocre restaurant. You basically pay for the view, as the food is mediocre. Soggy salads, calamari is oddly tart, the seafood was not fresh. I wouldn't recomment this place to anyone.LOVE!! My family went for Christmas Eve dinner and the food was amazing. Ordering the lava cake is an absolute must (be aware to order early because it takes 45 minutes to make!!). Also they were super accommodating to my sister who is vegetarian and makes up various food allergies because she is picky. One weird thing was how our waittress repeatedly told us about certain dishes and went on and on about how even if you don't like mushrooms ( a main ingredient) you should try it anyway and blah blah blah it was clear she was forced to push whatever it was as if they were just trying to get rid of it which was awkward because we had to keep saying no. Also the lighting was like extremely dark and I don't just mean like nice dinner mood lighting, like we literally were using phone flashlights to read the menu. But overall it was great!!My first time at Chart House in Philadelphia.  It was for an event for the MSAA.  It was a private dinner with a speaker from the University of PA about Managing Your MS Symptoms.  
We didn't preorder our  dinner our representatives did that for us, so my review is very general based on what was ordered for us.
We had a salad with a vinaigrette dressing, chicken with bruschetta (bland but it wasn't too bad), with mashed potatoes and green beans and cream brue le for dessert.
All in all not a bad dining experience, I'd like to go back for a more intimate evening.I have been to the Chart House many times and usually very pleased with the service, however have to say, that this time I was dissapointed with the service..  We were seated at 8:35, provided the server our appetizer order (only 2) at 8:45 and did not receive our appetizers until 30 minutes later. We followed up with providing our meal order which included 2 soups and 2 entrees, about 5-7 minutes after we ordered our appetizers and received our meals a little over an hour after being seated.  
I voiced my displeasure with both the server and manager and they really did not have an answer for me, however the manager did deduct some of the food expense (appetizers) from my bill.  Not sure if I will be returning.The Chart House is a beautiful setting. It is right on the river with amazing views. We sat in the bar, right at the windows. Our server was friendly and attentive. For dinner I had the ahi tuna with the mashed potatoes and veggies. The tuna was excellent, prepared perfectly. The veggies were okay--a little on the soggy side. For dessert we had the mud pie. It was the highlight of the night. Chocolate ice cream topped with chocolate and caramel and nuts with true whipped cream. While the service was excellent, and the food was good, it was very overpriced. My other critical piece is the decor is stuck in 1987. Not bad a choice if you're at the Hilton and want to walk, not a destination restaurant though.First and last time I will ever dine at the Charthouse in Philadelphia. We were seated next to a leaking air vent which they had covered with plastic and duct tape.  I was shocked they would even sit us next to this disaster waiting to happen since the restaurant was not busy. At the end of our meal the plastic fell and water got on my dinner guest chair and to go box/bag. Manager comes with a few staff members and replaced the plastic, never introduced himself to our table or even apologized for what just happened.  The manager should have offered to replace the meal since dirty water just spilled all over my dinner guest bag but he just brought him a new bag(terrible guest service at its finest).  To make matters worst when I get home
I realize they gave me someone else food. Yep someone else meal, how do you make this type of mistake. I wasn't able to enjoy my leftover Prime Rib which was actually delicious.  I eat at the Charthouse New Jersey locations frequently and I'm not sure what's going on at the Philadelphia location but it's not a good representing of there company brand.Went to The Chart House last night with my family for Christmas dinner. The food and drinks were amazing. I had the calamari & friends (appetizer) and the seared mahi with sizzling mushrooms for my main dish. I left the restaurant very satisfied. Our drinks did take awhile to make but that was the only tiny issue.This restaurant seems to have been around as long as I have been alive - it has seen it's ups and downs and through the years - I would try to stop in to see which end was up.  On this visit - the Chart House was on the "Upswing" I am glad to report.  I was in the mood for good "cocktails" and I came in during the "Tall Ship Festivals" a few months ago and remembered the cocktails, but this night - I also had a full dinner entree as well.  
One of the best parts of this restaurant is the location on the waterfront.  It was after work and me and a friend decided to treat ourselves to a great dinner and drinks.  We both enjoyed our cocktails and for the appetizer we decided on the Kim See Calamari - the sauce made it outstanding!!  My friend ordered the stuffed Tilapia and I had the pasta with savory shrimp - both good choices.   It was a quiet evening in the restaurant, so the service was adequate.  
Overall, I do feel the food and drinks are a bit on the high side, they were all good - but not outstanding as the prices would suggest.  Be prepared to spend some $$ for a night out here.
Pros:  Location - Great Scenery
Cons:  Food is Ok - Prices are HighWe have been here a couple of times. It's a pretty big restaurant with great views of the river, bridge, and ships, which are especially beautiful at night. The calamari is nice and crispy, my boyfriend loves the pan seared scallops, and I also really like the stuffed shrimp and fillet medallions. Everything we've had so far has been really good. It's a nice spot for a romantic seafood dinner.There's a special place in my heart for the Chart House. Growing up, we would drive to the Malibu location for special occasion dinners, and the Mammoth location was like a godsend after a long day of skiing. So, every time I walk into a Chart House now feels like a celebration, vacation, or both.
I wasn't sure how I'd feel about a Chart House on a river as opposed to the ocean, although now that I think about it the Mammoth location doesn't overlook any body of water... but I digress. The river views did not disappoint. It's pretty neat-o that you can sit in the bar sipping a cocktail and looking out at that phenomenal view. And the food was solid, as usual. I missed the pretzel bread that they normally serve, but my scallops were oh-so-yum and so was everything else I tried... anyone who's been to any location of the Chart House obviously knows what to expect.
#1 tip, as always, is to ORDER THE LAVA CAKE! It's worth it, trust me. Don't forget to order it when you order dinner!Went here last night. The food was just OK... nothing to write home about. I have an issue with restaurants that serve small portions. If we're spending a lot of money for a meal, it should at least fill us up. The portions here are small... Also the food came out warm, not hot. I'm a slow eater and by the time I took my last bite it was actually cold. We began with the brie, shrimp & artichoke dip, it was ok. I've had much better, more flavorful dips. I ordered the stuffed shrimp and medallions. The best part of the dish was the steak, it was tender... but again, very cold by the time I finished. The best part of the entire experience was the spectacular view. We sat outside on the water and it was beautiful. Overall, a very nice evening but the food fell short of expectations.Came here for a friends birthday,party of 8. To start off there is parking and also comp valet,a plus! Especially in the Fall and Winter for the ladies. There is a lounge area which is very cool but can get expensive if your party is running really late. Like all the other places along the water the view is always good! They also have pond inside to give more water effects. The food is slightly above average. Kinda like the food at an expensive wedding you attend but no personality. Shrimp was over battered to give volume on plate. Steak was cooked properly but with all e water around it feels more appropriate to eat seafood. Service did good job but also like the food, felt like robotic routine. My suggestion is if you want romantic setting,party of 2 is great here.I've heard a lot about having to visit Chart House because of the incredible views. I'll give them that.  Of course, when dining, I'd probably prefer incredible eats instead!  Chart House offers free valet parking with your meal, but otherwise below average and slow service.  Beyond those views, it offers what appears to be a solid menu, especially for seafood lovers.  Having dined with a large party of co-workers, I can verify that they fail to knock any of those menu items out of the park.  In fact, many would barely qualify as a single.  I'm not sure if the underlying ingredients are just poor or the preparation just is that lack.  The oysters are tolerable, but I'd recommend avoiding the stuffed shrimp and passing on any filet.Omg!! Chart house is a must, I was celebrating my 1 year anniversary. After being in this business for a while,  I try not to be very picky and relax. My server "G" was phenomenal. She was very attentive gave good advice. I will defiantly be back to try other things on the menu. 
P.S. You guys won't be disappointed! Excellent service all the way out the door!Good food very nice! I requested a window seat on the 1st floor but was seated on 2nd floor  that's the only thing I was not pleased with. It was my husbands birthday and reservation was made.When my Wife and I pulled up to The Shart House, we were greeted with a nice valet who opened her door and parked our car for free. We walk into a nice clean atmosphere, where the hostesses and waitresses looked like they just got done dancing on polls... We were seated and our server seemed a little "strange" I proceeded to order the Oyster Rockefeller, and they were out. So we settled on the calamari and clam chowder. The chowder didn't arrive until dinner along with our drinks, the waitress poured my corona into a frosty mug, but not before spilling most of it onto the floor. During dinner, my Wife and I overhear the waitress comment about how her boyfriend reminds her of the husband of the couple sitting next to us... That was really strange to us... Then the waitress brought me another beer but not before forgetting to ask my Wife is she would like another drink.... I was able to get the waitresses attention and order my Wife another beverage. We finally got dinner and my Wife's steak was still mooing and they had forgot to bring her asparagus, then asked my Wife if she wanted steak sauce when she had already finished 3/4th of it. However, Wile sitting and enjoying our date night, the waitress kept trying to engage in pointless conversation with my Wife and I, along with asking us every three minutes "how everything was, and telling us how 'delish' it is". We had ordered the 'lava cake' for desert when we ordered dinner because it takes 30 minuets to prepare. When our dinner plates were removed we started the wait for desert.. The waitress obviously forgot to put the order in, and kept telling us one more minuet, and that they were getting fresh ice cream... 
Our waitress was the downfall of this establishment to a otherwise nice place. Props to the Chef and Baker. 
For a $150 meal I would expect our bread crumbs to be "scraped" off the table linens.Came to this location again last week. We pretty much celebrate everything in our lives at this restaurant. Everything on the menu is fabulous. You really can't go wrong with any choice. To top off the night, the chocolate lace cake is to die for! Not only is the food worth the price, the experience is worth it as well. Beautiful ambiance and view during dinner. My favorite place to dine!Sad to say the location did not live up to the hype!  I was sadly disappointed.  Many people told me that this was THE spot to go for great seafood...WORNG!
When you walk in the ascetics of the restaurant are amazing.  Pure beauty greats you as you make your way through the door.  That, unfortunately, was where my good experience ended.  With a reservation it took the hostess ten minutes to seat us, even though there were only a few tables being used.  The hostess, who you would think would be warm and inviting was everything but.  I almost felt as if we were interrupting her night.   Last I checked OpenTable (the computer system used for reservations) did not have games or facebook, so What were we pulling you away from?  
Our server, couldn't tell you his name because he did not give it to us (maybe he was in the witness protection program and had to keep it to himself?),  was just alright.  Nothing special about the level of service.  He did make one or two suggestions, but of course they were the most expensive items on the menu...probably trying to build his check total, rather than suggest something truly delicious.  As a server myself, I did not feel as though he deserved a 20% tip for his service (  even though that is what we left him).  The manager came by the table to check on us, and he came off as being just as useless and clueless as the server was.
The food was the worst part of the experience.  Our bread came out hotter then our appetizer.  That started my meal in a negative light, and we all know once things start going wrong they just build on each other.  The biggest complaint I have is that EVERYTHING was bland.  There was a lack of flavor and seasoning in each and every dish.  I think I might have actually enjoyed a meal from Red Lobster more than I enjoyed my food from The Chart House.  Not at all worth the money we paid!
I will go back, but only for drinks at the lounge, and to take advantage of the fantastic view.  I would never pay to eat there again.Went here for a business function. Everyone was complaining about how much it sucked the year before, so I was somewhat prepared.
The only good thing was the filet mignon, the rest was forgettable. The lobster was dried out, the shrimp cocktail came with almost no sauce, I literally can't even remember what was for dessert it was so boring. Service was pushy.
This place is the worst kind- faux fancy with mediocre food. I have had a lot of seafood in my day, and this place is not good. Also, I thought the view sucked, but then again I think Philly, Camden and the Delaware River are all pretty ugly.Had a wonderful experience here a while back. My husband made reservations for my birthday and everything about the experience was great. The manager was very attentive, interactive, and helpful. The wait staff were also very pleasant. The food was great. My husband who is very hard to please also enjoyed everything as well. The view was great for Penns Landing. I went to another Chart House and had no where near as pleasant of an experience. Would definitely return.I would have given them a higher review but I was not happy with the service. While the food (shrimp and artichoke dip and Alaskan crab legs) were amazing. The service was mediocre. My guest and I say there for about 15 minutes without anyone greeting us or acknowledging us. All the while, the people around us (who were seated after us) was enjoying their food and drinks. After the waitress finally acknowledged is and took our order, I asked to speak to the manager. His LAME excuse made me believe that I do not want to visit there again and he's an awful manager (aren't guest always right?). He made some lame excuse as to why we were overlooked. Is there ever an excuse for being overlooked?  I give the food 4 stars while I give the manger a half a starMy boyfriend and I went to dinner here for the first time, Saturday February 18th. We were about a half hour early for our 745 reservation. To our surprise, there was no record of our Open Table reservation. My boyfriend had screenshotted our confirmation as we have had this problem once before. He showed to shot, only for he and the hostess to both realize the reservation was for Friday, the 17th.  My boyfriend was clearly embarrassed and apologetic. 
Without skipping a beat, the Hostess told us we could enjoy our meal in the liunge at a table with a lovely view and no wait, or we could have a drink abd wait to see if she could fit us in. She suggested grabbing an app as it was a very busy night. 
Knowing our situation, the Hostess went out of her way to find us a great table and seat us within minutes of our reservation!! Well 24 hours and minutes from our reservation. Our apps were sent up to.our table and our night was FLAWLESS!!! 
The food was out of this world!!! We had shrimp cocktail. I had Ahi Tuna with lobster and crab. He had Prime rib. 
I have nothing but great things to say about the food, cocktails a VALUE. 
If a manager reads this, PLEASE, give your Saturday hostess a raise!!! She was clearly the lead, dark hair. She MADE our night!!!Came here for resturant week. Place was beautiful , my friend and I sat outside and it was a nice view. Hostess wasn't really friendly or welcoming. When we first arrived, no one was there, we had to wait about 10 min then we were seated. 
Food was very average. So glad we didn't cone here for the regular menu because it is expensive for average tasting food. I got the clam chowder for apps , it was pretty good. For entree, I got the braised short rib which was over cooked and the sauce just tasted salty. For desert , I got the creme brulee which also lacked flavor, tasted like it was several days old. 
Only gave this 3 stars because valet parking was free, its difficult to park in the area, chart house's had a very relaxed ambiance, and the resturant itself was beautiful.I gave this place a second chance and definitely was as I suspected. I tried the calamari, oysters, and filet mignon. The oysters were ok. calamari was also ok. The filet mignon was rather bland. The mash potatoes were ok. Overall... Mediocre. Nice view though. Great server. Drinks were ok. Really nothing else to say. I am confused because this place has some good reviews. Maybe they changed chefs or something. I'm rather disappointed for the price.Went here for Spo's birthday with friends during happy hour, anticipating a great evening. It was mostly great, except for the adverse weather conditions. Chart House is a great place to eat...unless you have to endure the conditions that we did. Heavy rain, flash flood warnings,  strong and swirling winds, and unseasonably cool temperatures make for a less-than-stellar evening if you're going to Chart House for the ambience (the weather made it seem very dark and gloomy inside) and view of the water. I won't penalize Chart House for the weather, but having happy hour at a dinner table (the bar was flooded or some jazz like that) was indeed a bit odd.
As far as the food goes, the appetizers were reasonably priced and rather tasty, although I wouldn't necessarily throw a parade in the streets for their shrimp tempura. I am a huge fan of calamari, and I'd definitely go back for a sequel with that plate. Everyone seemed to be pleased with their selections, which is always a good thing. However, the firecracker shrimp did not get rave reviews from the table. 
I had a Stella to drink, and it's impossible to mess up beer. Spo had a pomegranate mojito, which she enjoyed.
I'd certainly go back to Chart House, provided it's a warm and sunny day. Also, it would be grrrreat if *someone* at Chart House at least attempted to do something about the trash that is easily visible to even those who are not sitting outside of the restaurant.Reposting for a friend... thank you for going the extra mile.
So...... this is a  story I just can't keep to myself .  I feel it is worth sharing..... 
Yesterday , I took my sister Marianne to Jefferson Hospital for her 6 month check up since her breast cancer surgery.  She did excellent!  Dr said all is still looking good and her checkups are now down to once a year.  Very exciting news!
We decided to go to Penns Landing to have lunch .  We parked off the Market St bridge parking lot (next to the River Rink) because the Lot Attendant , who acted like he was helping us, told us there were plenty of "restaurants" to dine at.   He named a few including Chickie and Petes,  The Mosholu, The Chart House, and a few others. 
We  paid $17 to park and walked down to what we thought was going to be a 5 minute walk.  For Marianne, It was like eternity.  
Chickie and Pete's turned out to be a food truck that was closed anyway along with several other food trucks in Harbor Park - all closed - didnt open until 2:00pm.    We continued to walk down to the Mosholu only to find out they were only open for dinner .  
Keep in mind, due to a few health issues, Marianne cannot walk very far .  She is a trooper and did not complain at all but I knew I had to get her a bench or chair real soon.  It was pretty hot out and the wind just died.  
We then walked just a little more to The Chart House.  The parking lot was full and we knew we were going to eat and have our special drink to celebrate her great news.  We thought.  We opened the door, we were met by the General Manager, Michael, only to hear  The Chart House is only open for dinner.  The reason the parking lot was full is because there is a banquet going on.  
Michael saw the exhaustion and disappointment on both our faces.  He knew nothing about why we were there , just that we wanted lunch.  Michael, then offered suggestions to different restaurants around the area (all within walking distance but not for Marianne).  He then told us about the restaurant inside the Hilton which was back where we originated our walk.  The car was parked just a few steps away from the Hilton.  
Michael took the time to call the Hilton to make sure the restaurant was open first.  He then brought up the menu on his personal cell phone, handed me his phone and told me to take time to read their menu while my sister sat down to cool off and rest.  
A few minutes later, Michael said "I am going to go one step further for you girls."  With my excitement, I guessed "Are you going to make us a sandwich?"    He said graciously, "No, I am going to drive you two back to The Hilton so you don't have to walk all the way back there ."  
What GM of ANY company would be so kind and so considerate to stop what they are doing especially of an upscale fine dining venue to offer AND drive two total strangers somewhere so they didn't have to walk?  NONE!  Except MICHAEL.  
Michael is the epitome of kindness, of awesome, of generous and of just a GOOD person.  
I know this turned out to be a long story and I am sorry.  I usually don't do this but I just had to give Michael a little recognition and some KUDOS for being the good hearted person he is.  
If you have read down this far, please share this story.
If you visit Penns Landing, do yourself a favor - Enjoy a dinner and/or drink at the Chart House.  Say Hello to Michael and thank him  for his genuine kindness and how he really helped a Breast Cancer Survivor!!!  
God Bless Michael, General Manager - The Chart House, Philadelphia, PA!!!!!!!!!!I had prime rib, this was disgusting!!!
80% fat, looked like was old dried up.
I would not recommend!!
Very expensive.I had dinner at Chart House last night - was with a party of 5.  The dress code states "dressy" - wish I knew I could have been more casual (saw many patrons wearing jeans), but it's not a big deal.
I did the salad bar, then ordered coconut shrimp as my appetizer.  They were so delicious, I reordered them as my entree along with rice and baked potato.  Everything was beautifully presented and my entire party enjoyed their meal as well.  The service was very good.  
The interior is very clean, well kept.  You get great views of the water as well.  The menu and wine list are extensive.  We enjoyed a great almost 3-hour meal.  Would highly recommend.I feel kind of sad that so many people have had a bad experience with this place; I love it!
We come here every year for our anniversary and always have a really good experience. The views are great, and the food is delicious.
We always start out with the crab cakes, lobster bisque and bruschetta sliders. The crab cake is delicious and heavy on the crab, the lobster bisque is like liquid butter- so, so good, and the bruschetta sliders are the perfect little bites.
For our entrees, the crab stuffed shrimp is delicious, the stuffed flounder is perfect and fresh, and the sea bass is excellent. I don't think we've ever really had a bad experience here.
Maybe it was just an off day for everyone else, but this restaurant is definitely worth a try if you haven't been here. The prices aren't bad and the food is very good!Great View & Great Food!  We started with the calamari which was probably the best I have ever had.  It was not chewy AT ALL.  For dinner I had the macadamia crusted snapper.  Very Flavorful and perfectly cooked.  Before our dessert came the fireworks started outside.  They were not visible from where we were seated but people went outside where they we able to see them.  We ended with the chocolate dessert that they make you order with your entree.  This was the only thing that i was underwhelmed by.  It was good but I was expecting amazing.  Overall you can't beat the food with the view.I was not a fan and will never be back. Service was awful. Great location with view, but with bad service we had to wait so long for our food. It was not worth it. Its to bad, i had high hopesCame here for an anniversary dinner with my boyfriend. I've never been one for "fancy" restaurants, and I've heard mixed reviews from Chart House, but was looking forward to the food and experience. I was not disappointed. Our reservation was at 6pm on a Friday night, so naturally we got there a little early. We ended up walking into the restaurant at 5:45-5:50, and it was fairly empty. The staff at the desk greeted us and asked us where we would like to sit- we had the option of sitting inside or outside- we chose outdoor seating. In addition to choosing the location of our seating, we got to choose which table outside, which I thought was nice. The outdoor seating area is very nice, you have a good view of the water and the Battleship NJ. Our waiter, Andrew, was very nice, very accommodating. We ordered the coconut shrimp for a starter-it was AMAZING! Sauces were delicious along with the shrimp. For entree my boyfriend and I got steak-him NY strip and me the chart house cut of Prime Rib. Both were delicious, and I liked that our waiter asked us to cut into the meat before eating to ensure it was cooked right. We ordered the lava cake for dessert and it was DELICIOUS! One take away from our meal was that everything was brought out in a staggered fashion, with no rush to finish one plate and get to the next. I was very impressed with the service, food, and overall experience at Chart House. Would definitely recommend.I took my Mother there for Mother's Day brunch based on a previous brunch experience at the Chart House in Alexandria, VA.  Comparatively, the Philly Chart House was not as impressive.  Starting with the salad bar, it did not offer the same variety of options as the Alexandria location.  The Macadamia Nut French Toast was very good but the Lobster Omelet was not as warm as I would like coming straight from the kitchen.  The highlight was the Chocolate Lava Cake which was been a consistently great experience for me both at the Philly and Weehawken, NJ locations.  Make sure you order that ahead.  Overall it was okay but a disappointment compared to experiences at the other locations.The food is overpriced for what it is. The service was extremely pushy with the up sells and it got increasingly more annoying as the night went on. I'm used to being offered appetizers and specials, but it was appetizers, specials, specialty cocktails, deserts (twice), and then a birthday club membership. I felt like I was at Best Buy.We were told service would be faster in the bar area by the hostess...so we decided to eat there. We waited over an hour for appetizer and then another hour for entrees. Soups were cold, food was cold, service horrible. No one came to check in so the Manager was alerted but had a non-chalant attitude and claimed he would get us new entrees. Came back with same entrees reheated and my fiancé pointed out that it was the same fish as he had previously took a piece to taste and that same piece was missing. Manager lied claimed he threw old entrees in the trash and these were new ones. Despite the fact that the food became cold instantly as does food when you reheat in a microwave and the shrimp was overcooked and difficult to eat. Rice was dry and bland. Took 30 min to get check and 20 min to pay. All in all spent over 3 hours here for horrible food and service and no attempt to resolve. Waitress never checked on us but at the end said sorry for everything. She knew it was just all a disaster. I'm not going back. Complete waste of time and I leave still hungry. All of this and to top it off I'm a pregnant guest!!!The view is charming for that it is actually build into the river. The food has a great volume but not that really dilicousMy husband and I went here for our anniversary. We were seated at a beautiful table overlooking the river and the Walt Whitman Bridge. Lovely! The view was the best part of the experience. We waited almost 45 minutes for our wine and nearly an HOUR for our appetizers. The appetizers came out wrong and mine included 2 ingredients which I am allergic to ( I THOROUGHLY explained this to both the waiter and the chef.) After an hour and a half (and a severe stomach ache) we asked for our check and left without our dinner. We eat out frequently but will NEVER be returning to the Chart House.  Diner Beware!Lame! Work party. They yelled at us for having a loud conversation even though we rented the entire floor. Drinks were watered down. And they didn't even serve seafood!!!!Came here for my birthday dinner. Our waiter Tai, was very nice and helpful with what we should order. The food was all great except for the kimchi calamari, which didn't taste anything like kimchi and it was overcooked and the bathroom wasn't that clean. Other than that, the view of the river was lovely and the service was great.This is my first time and the food was fantastic. I would go back again. On the menu I had the best shrimp. Very good waiter.I went here for an engagement party/brunch today, and this place was nice, but it didn't knock my socks off.  The room we were in was very nice - first floor of the 3-story restaurant, with large windows overlooking the (polluted) Delaware River and doors that led onto a deck overlooking the water if we so desired to venture out there.  There wasn't much space to mingle, though, because the tables took up most of the room, so everyone pretty much stood awkwardly until it was time to sit for brunch, and mostly we spent much of that time trying to get out of the way of the waitresses and other party guests who were trying to squeeze by.  For this portion of the party, they offered a punch bowl full of mimosas, which no one was sure actually had alcohol in it or not.  Weak mimosas are not a good thing in my book.  
Then it came time for the actual brunch.  A manager came out and told us all to be seated, and then he told us that we had to stay at our tables until a waitress came and took our place cards, which had our pre-ordered food selections printed on them.  Only after the waitress came to get our food selections could we leave the table to go upstairs to the salad bar.  Okay, seemed fine enough.  Until my table sat there for an hour waiting to get our salads.  We finally asked a waitress whether we'd been forgotten, since all of the other tables had their salads and were finished eating them already.  She assured us that we hadn't been forgotten, that it just takes a while to get everyone through the salad bar.  So we said okay and waited again.  Finally, the other tables started getting their full courses delivered, and another waitress noticed that we had no food, so she asked if we'd given our full course orders yet.  She seemed worried.  So I think the first waitress fibbed to us.  Finally, about 10 minutes after that, a different waitress came and took our orders and let us go to the salad bar.  Which was picked over.  By then, I was beyond hungry, so I didn't get much from the salad bar anyway, but they could have at least refilled the lettuce and bacon bits bowls after they made us wait so long.
At last, after 1 p.m. (a full two hours after the party started), after most of the other tables had finished eating and were getting coffee, our poor table of 11 people finally got its brunch meals.  I got the crab cake, which was really, really good.  It was mostly lump crabmeat and not that crappy bread filler that a lot of people use.  So the meal started looking up.  However, the people at my table who got the prime rib were not pleased because it was too raw and too fatty, and the girl with the shrimp omelet said it did not taste good.  
In all, this was a nice place, and I'm sure that the service is better if you just go for a normal meal out rather than for a catered event.  But leaving people sitting so long without food while everyone else is finished eating is just poor planning.   If they had the waitresses just serve salads to everyone instead of using the salad bar, everyone could have gotten their salads way quicker.  
My final score:  1 stars for service/poor logistical planning, 4 stars for my food, 3 stars for others' food, and 4 starts for location/decor = 3 stars total.  So this place was nice, but not the best place ever.Waited an hour and a half for stuffed flounder. The menu failed to mention that the fish was rancid! Beautiful view, rotten food and abysmal service.Went here with a large group.  The food was fantastic and the staff was awesome.  Atmosphere added to the evening.  Great view and lots of fun.  Plan to be satisfied. ...We had TERRIBLE service. We showed up around 4:40pm and did not leave until 7pm. After paying the bill the waitress took forever to bring back the receipt. The food was delicious but it just took way too long to get out of the restaurant. Other tables around us that got there later then us left significantly before us. Don't go here unless you have a lot of time to kill.Had a business dinner here last night, you can always count on Chart House for consistently good food and service.  Entrees were all very good - the snapper and sea bass were big hits.  Salad bar was ample and fresh - although it does not achieve the standard of the Chart House in Old Town Washington, DC.  Service want prompt and the view at night was super.  Great option and free valet parking.The place is beautiful and the hostess was nice but the waiter was another problem. He came over to take our drink order but after that, it took 15 minutes to get here. After he took our orders for appetizers and entree ot took another 30 minutes just for our appetizers to come and the soup didn't get here yet but what did come out was warm and not hot. I always visit charthouse's all around and the service in other restaurant's were much faster than the one in Philadelphia. I was too disappointed in the service to even wait to comment on the soup and entree as I would not know when they would get to our table.Had a very disappointing experience on New Year's eve.  The only nice thing is the view, but we didn't even get a window-side table. though we requested it, 3 months ahead via reservation. When we got there (in time) they said they just didn't have it available. Then their coat room was full, then there was no soup spoon, then no knife and no pepper, which took several requests and like forever to receive...it seemed like it was one thing after another.  Come midnight, it took a while to get the champagne and then they had these huge glasses (not real champagne glasses) which they barely filled.  Also, we had a vegetarian with us and they completely skipped the soup course for her. We all sat there slurping soup while she had nothing. It was not right.  I may sound like a snob, and I assure you, I'm not. I rarely go to places like this. I don't really like places like this. I was invited. It's just for the amount of  money you pay for a place like this you expect to have friggin pepper on the table! Heck, you expect that at a run of the mill diner!  It was just really poorly organized, we felt like an after thought.  Oh and the food was so, so.  Nothing special.  Oh and then in the end they screwed up our check and almost ripped us off. all the waiters seemed frazzled and confused. One waiter was ever limping in pain.  I heard others complaining and I overheard the waiter herself say that they were great like 2 (or did she say 10) years ago...So, I highly do NOT recommend this place. I will say the manager was very accommodating in the end when we inquired about the incorrect bill, they also did not charge the vegetarian meal which was nice. Also the live band was great.  I'm hoping maybe they just suck on New years. They may be better other wise. But unfortunately, I'm never going back to find out. There are too many other better (and cheaper) restaurants worth going to in Philly.I visited the Chart house last night with my girlfriends. It fealt like we were the stars of "Sex and the city" lol.We sat at a large table near a corner window and the view of the ocean  was AMAZING!!... The food was delicious and the presentation and service was great. I had the stuffed flounder with mashed potataoes and asparagus...I would definately go back soon. The prices are an average of $30 per plate.Get dressed up and be ready to be impressed.To top it off Valet parking is free!...Enjoy :)The Chart House was a favorite of ours....until last week... The salad bar is the only thing I will get from now on if I want a great view and drinks... As for meals, too little to pricy and canned preparation... Nothing special... Disappointed as a Landry's chain.  I'd rather go where they employ a chef rather than a cook... Sorry..Brought my family of 5 adults here for Easter dinner.  Heard great things about the place but besides our lovely server and wonderful water view, the experience was awful.  My clam chowder was very bland.  My mother's Caesar salad looked like it came right off the salad bar.  She said it was surrounded by mustard!  Mustard with a Caesar salad?  We think not!  When our entrees arrived, they were Luke warm with the mashed potatoes being ice cold.  I think the dinners sat on the warming table for a long time before being delivered to the table.  My mother' s flounder was the toughest piece of fish she has ever had.  Needed a knife to cut it and she is still convinced she was not served flounder but something else.  Could the meals have been mixed up in all the confusion of the holiday?  In addition, we were seated beside a big extended family that included several youngsters who kept running around the tables, in the way of both the employees and annoyed customers.  For the price we paid, we expected far better.  I may return on a non holiday weekend or better yet, during the week, to give this restaurant a second chance.  In the meantime, I do not recommend this place to anyone.Chart House Happy Hour is a well-kept secret.  Good food, great drinks and best view of the river.  And you get some great people watching, too.  
On the food menu, try the fish tacos!  So light, yet filling.When we were seated our waiter asked us if we wanted drinks and bread.  Once we ordered drinks we didn't see him for about 20 minutes.  Another waiter stopped at our table to help out since ours was busy.  We ordered our dinners through the second waiter and I asked where our wine was and waiter #2 said it was coming.  The wine and bread came and 30 minutes after that waiter #1 told us that they ran out of sea bass.  They really just neglected us and let us sit there and wonder what was going on without any explanation or even a pop in by the waiter.  The manager stopped by, apologized and offered wine which was nice but we would have rather had good service.  Food was excellent when we finally got it so that was good!One of the few places where you can get a Porterhouse steak, clams on a half shell and gourmet bread all at same place... and love every minute of it.  I like the atmosphere - on the water... makes for a great dinner.I was pleasantly surprised how much I enjoyed this restaurant. The crab was fantastic. So was the ahi.When a "seasonal special"  features fresh "Heirloom Tomatoes" - which are at their height in season right now - as its side you do not serve said tomato salad refrigerated to oblivion, it shows a lack of understanding of your ingredients.  3 stars because I take one star of blame for ordering like I was at neighborhood bistro and not just sticking with meat and potatoes - which looked delicious. I should have known better. 
The restaurant is undeniably beautiful, the food was ok but stick with the steakhouse standards.Chart House does not disappoint.   Every time I've dined here, the dinner was special.   Excellent service, excellent food and drinks, excellent surroundings and a fabulous view.   A real gem.This place is absolutely horrible. Terrible service.  And who knows about the food .... it never came.  My BF and I came for Sunday brunch and didn't have a reservation but there were many seats in the lounge area, serving the same menu.   We waited for at least 10 minutes to get menus; after 30 mins got 2 drinks (waitress forgot water, which we asked for twice), and the food order was a debacle.  We ordered the Wicked Tuna appetizer and after asking twice and a waitress whose disappearing act could rival Houdini, we decided to forego the food and terrible service for somewhere that would actually pay attention and serve us.  We asked for the check twice, waited 10 minutes, then never saw the waitress again.  Went up to the bar to pay so we'd have change to tip the waitress (it wasn't going to be a huge tip, nevertheless i always tip servers), and the guy was rude and wouldn't help us.  At that point, the cash  went on the bar to pay the tab in full and we left.  And we will never return.  And I will tell everyone I know what a disgusting, overpriced, piece of crap this place is.  I can't believe they are still in business.I've experienced both dining in the restaurant as well as in the bar area.  I definitely prefer the bar area.  It's more quaint and cozy.  It's quieter and a good place to hang out with close friends and still be able to hear them.  Service is sometimes a bit slow, especially since it's close to closing when I usually go, but I don't mind as much since I'm busy catching up with friends.
It's been a while since I had been there, so some things had changed, including the menu.  I liked the trio of hummus appetizer with plantain chips and pita bread.  They presented the chips and bread in a nice wire basket, but we had to keep asking for more pita bread because there just wasn't enough chips and bread for the amount of  hummus provided.  It was a great dish to share with friends.  I particularly LOVED the subtle edamame infused hummus.
Also got to try the calamari appetizer with fried jalapeño papers which was very light and not greasy tasting.  I liked the chili sauce they provided, but again wished there was a bit more.
Finally, the molten lava cake is an absolute staple dessert for me.  You have to order it at least 30 minutes ahead of time.  I've tried it at other places, but aside from maybe Morton's version, nothing else compares.  It's the perfect warm temperature, with just the right amount of oozing chocolatey goodness inside, and topped with vanilla ice cream and heath toffee bits on top to provide just the right crunch and smoothness to cut the sweet chocolatey-ness.  What adds to the delightfulness of this dessert is the crusty outer layer and soft inner layer of cake surrounding the molten chocolate inside.Came here for special dinner after show nearby.  Thought we'd do an early dinner quick and easy!    Highlight had to be our server Isaac!   How can a restaurant put the entire operation on one person?   Weekend training of 4 new staff on one experienced server is ridiculous!    Instead of agreeing to participate in their training and getting 4 times the attention, honestly felt like we had 1/4 the reasonable expectation for a party of eight.
4:00 arrived for reservation at 4:15 : really not like we were waiting to the prior party to finish.  Restaurant empty    Feeling like the plan will work.     WAIT TO SIT= 20 mins.  Not that had to clear tables.  
4:20 seated and promptly greeted by Isaac; looking good now   Explains the menu and goes for bread 
4:55.  Hummmmmm.     Finally drinks arrive with butter......    Bread in the oven.     Takes orders   Hoping things to improve.   Order famous lava cake to be sure it's ready for our dessert 
5:10.   Wahoo bread.    Delish.  After an hour! 
5:15. First of appetizers arrive.   Oyster Rockefeller undercooked and cold.  Going back.    Rest of first courses come out over next 8 minutes.    One cocktail so sweet, going back too!     Won't see replacement for 25 minutes. 
6:00 sun set; now too dark to see without flashlights.   Ohh...    Cruise ship at adjacent slip leaves on cruise.     We wait for dinners.      Hummmmm
6:10.  Dinner ..   Finally 2 hours after we arrived.   Food was very good but getting stiff from sitting so long.    Some portions were small for price, but aside from being cold on arrival were tasty.  No possibility to send back to be reheated since no one checked and who could endure more wait time.   Not drinking cocktails cause they are LONG GONE!  Water glasses pretty low too.   Trainees passed water pouring skill training HOURS AGO but did not come back.   
6:45  still waiting on dessert despite ordering  2 hours ahead of now!!!  
7:15.  Chased down the check.    Total time for early supper 3 Hours.    Ridiculous! 
What a shame.    Did not want to bring additional attention to ruin the meal for special guest but watched out groups come and go and the adjacent party flip out with the delays.  
This dinner took longer than some Vegas marriages!!!
Could have been 4 stars but deducting a star for each  hour of the protracted wait. 
Also noticed no manager ever checked on our party all nightThe food was horrible and the staff was slow.....would never come back. The food came out cold and had been sitting under the warming for too long. The price was way too much especially for the poor food and service. Philadelphia has too many great restaurants to ever come back.We ate there for Easter Brunch, 2015. It was one of the worst experiences ever. The food was no better than a continental breakfast at a cheap motel. Bacon severely undercooked. Shrimp was tasteless. Eggs and french toast was cold. They promised a lavish presentation and failed miserably. The carving station consisted of one roast beef, nothing else. The other catered dishes (fish, chicken) were not fit for consumption by your pet. The service was pathetic and the Manager was no better than a moron. The bill came and there were actual charges for coffee, tea and juice. It was a brunch !!!!! To be fair they did remove those charges after complaints. Please be aware that this is not indicative of other Chart House locations we visited in the past. I was schocked how bad this location was.I was a little skeptical because the ambience feels a little dated, but a.) the water-front view is beautiful and you don't even feel like you're in Philly, b.) the food was actually ALL delicious. 
The interior could use a little spruce-up (there was nothing wrong with anything, and everything was clean and comfortable, it's just that the decor doesn't feel current. This obviously bears no impact on the quality of the food, nor service!) but my husband and I devoured everything placed in front of us. (They get bonus points for their admirable job of trying to accommodate my wheat allergy.) 
Shrimp and crab and mango stack: sooo good! 
Caesar salad: nailed it
Cheese and charcuterie plate: was a solid B, and we took the bits we couldn't finish home with us for killer omelette fixins' the next day 
Wicked tuna: my husband LOVED everything about this dish and his plate was basically licked clean in like, 3-minutes 
Filet mignon: perfectly hit the spot
Dessert: we were too stuffed, but the options sounded good!I have never had so poor a service in all my dining experiences!
My boyfriend and I made a reservation on Sat. the 22nd of August at the ChartHouse, for 6:30pm. We had never been before and we're excited to try something new. We entered the establishment and saw two hostesses; one filing her nails, the other not paying us any attention. The hostess who was filing her nails looked up and asked "Can I Help You", as if l there was some other reason we came in to the restaurant! 
We sat down and several minutes later was greeted by the waitress; everything seemed ok at first. My boyfriend and I were enjoying each other's conversations when we realized 50min had gone by and we had yet to receive our appetizers..and in all that time hadn't seen our waitress either. Finally the app shows up, and a few minutes later our waitress arrives with a whole lot of excuses brought with her. We were hoping this would be the last of any problems, since my boyfriend and I don't get to go on dates often ( we live in separate states). However, it didn't end there...another 30min went by...no entrees!
My boyfriend was starting to fume, so I decided to find out what was going on with the food.. I found a manager, who had me follow him upstairs to the kitchen, only to find out that the meals had gone out a few minutes before. The manager brought me back downstairs, and with a wave of his hand said "sorry for the delay", as he walked off. Little did I know that my boyfriend had also called for a manager, but no manager came back from his request. Our server then showed up with more excuses, and seemingly flustered that we had contacted a manager. My boyfriend just asked her for the check and the dessert. She even mentioned that she would get the dessert on the house for us. However, my boyfriend didn't want any discounts, and stated that he would again just like the check and the dessert right away! Another 20min went by and neither were brought out. We then called on the person in charge of this establishment. He listened to everything my boyfriend had to say and tried to appease us, asking us to give the establishment a second chance. For my boyfriend the damage had been done. He and I never wanted to step foot in any Chart House establishment again!Went for dinner last night with friends. Service was horrible for a restaurant that claims to be a top notch place. Waitress was aggressive with certain items and did not have basic menu knowledge. Majority of the food brought to the table was way overdone. Shrimp appetizer was like rubber and had no taste. My wife ordered the stuffed flounder which was inedible due to being overlooked. Waitress waited so long to check back on food that it was pointless to send back for recooking. Will not be returningThis is one of my favorite places to eat in Philly.  The views are fantastic and the food is very good.  The service has been impeccable each time I've been there.  The kind of service where your wine glass is never empty but you don't notice the waiter refilling it.
The wait can be excessive at times, so get there early.If you are looking good food-Red Lobster is a better choice.  If you are looking for ambiance-this place is really nice.  The service was okay, although it took a little while to get drinks. The martinis were so-so and the vodka cranberry was weak.  They make a big deal over a chocolate cake that you have to order 30 minutes ahead of time but the cake is small and every chain restaurant in the world serves something like it. All in all, the only reason I  would eat here again is for the ambiance.Extremely slow service. Took over three hours to have dinner for a group of six. The food was okay but definitely not worth the wait. Not impressed.Ok today is review catch up day for me. I took my mother here on mother's day as her well deserved special treat. She was very happy with the choice!
I personally found the staff very courteous and helpful given the circumstances. They resteraunt was packed and you could tell they had a lot of walk ins. I of course made a reservation, but I didn't think I was doing something that unique being that it was for mothers day.
When we arrived 5 minutes early for our 7pm reservation. We were sat immediately. The server though didn't take our drink order for about 15 minutes, which she apologized profusely for. You could tell they were bombarded and not properly staffed. While I believe reservations are important, I also think the management should have taken better steps to staff accordingly for a holiday. I don't blame staff for this, but it did cost the establishment 1 star in the rating. 
We put our order in which the sever was very good about explaining speciality items and their signature dessert that is usually ordered early because of it 30 min prep time. We decided on which  2 shrimp cocktails, 2 prime rib mid rare with Yukon gold mashed and some veggie. Mom and I have similar tastes as you can see. 
Again there was a wait, about 30 minutes to get the shrimp cocktails, but god they were worth it. These shrimp weren't jumbo, they were like giant mutant shrimp. Huge, tasty and very very fresh. I don't remember the last time I had shrimp this fresh and tasty. 
The main course arrived about 40 minutes later (yes 40 minutes after the shrimp so we had been there almost an hour and a half at the point the main course was served). The prime rib was fabulous my mother and I loved it, but I will admit the meat was more on the rare side then mid rare, but we loved it and that's whats important. The potatoes were also delicious.
We had dessert which very good. I had the strawberry cheesecake and my mother had the creme brûlée . They were both excellent but the creme brûlée was absolutely out of this world. (I snagged a piece from mom).
The atmosphere is wonderful with great views of the ocean, it was loud chatter wise due to the large crowd but yet it was still peaceful. 
I highly reccomend this place, but you may need to have patience if they are busy.Location: On the river!
View: Beautiful
Parking: Valet, and they didnt steal the change or my lip gloss from the car! Score!
Tables: Small for a party of 4. I hate when we're all fighting for table room between drinks, silverware, bread basket, app plates, etc. Where the hell am i supposed to put my cell phone?
Drinks: Good! They dont give you those teeny tiny cocktail glasses, these are a decent size.
Appetizers: Had calamari, lobster spring rolls, and crab tater tots. The calamari was so so, but the spring rolls and tots were awesome. (and I dont usually eat seafood).
Dinner: this is where they lost me. The filet mignon tasted as though.....someone had prepared it as though they were cooking ribs? I didnt get it. It had a distinct smoked taste. It was the last thing i was expecting. It was hard to choke down. I kept smothering it with my mashed potatoes, which is not usually how I want to eat something that I just paid $30 for. 
Dessert: Some sort of molten lava chocolate thing. Obviously awesome.
Service: good. But weird, definitely weird. They were constantly asking "can i take that? are you finished with that?" When I'm done chewing and shoving food in my mouth you may take my plate, sir, and not a moment before. When they brought the filet mignon/ribs hybrid, the waitress asked me to cut into it to make sure it was cooked right....I've gone to a shit ton of steak places before, ranging from shitty (think breakfast steak in AC) to upscale (Kobe beef at Barclay), and never have I A. had a steak that tasted like ribs, and B. had them ask me to cut into it to make sure it was cooked properly. I thought it was bizarre. Like, where's your confidence?! (btw, it was more medium well, than medium, which is what i asked for, but i'm not one to send food back. I dont want a sneezer!)
So basically? It's a seafood place. Dont order steak there, ok? If you dont eat seafood, then get french fries or something, but dont get the steak. You should definitely go to enjoy the view and the ambiance, it's a really nice place to sit and talk. I had a really good time there.Had a large gathering for my grandmothers birthday. The food was good and the service was fine.Our first impression was not a good one and it only went downhill from there. There were three people at the hostess desk when we walked in with no one else in sight. We were not greeted until they finished what they were doing.  I don't expect you to drop what you are doing but I do expect a hello. We ordered a bottle of wine and were given a dirty glass, cloudy and sticky and had to ask for it to be replaced. Our steaks arrived but no knives. We had to ask for those too. When I did cut into my steak it was not cooked as ordered. I hate to send back food but I don't expect to eat an undercooked steak at a restaurant. So as my husband's steak had to sit and get cold they brought back my steak and asked me to check it. It was still undercooked.   So since I hate being so negative -the plus side- I didn't pay for my steak and we enjoyed the wine and sizzling mushrooms. But unfortunately, I don't think I will be trying a chart house again anytime soon.I've been to chart house several times throughout the years with my boyfriend and we both really like it. The view is romantic and the cocktails are always well made. We both enjoy the coconut shrimp and crab cakes. Everytime we go, we get something different and we never have any complaints. I definitely recommend this restaurant for a date night for two that enjoy seafood.Granted we went on Christmas Day, but a restaurant in business this long should know how many patrons they can actually serve and not allow over-booking, especially on a holiday.  Waited 1 hour to be seated (for our 6pm reservation -- early, because some in our group had to travel early the next morning); half an hour more 'til drinks arrived; another half hour 'til our ordered-immediately appetizers arrived (waitress said one was "stolen" by another server for her table); another 40 minutes for dinner entrees.  But, the saving grace was that we had a pleasant, attentive-enough server who might have been more alert if they had fed her at all during her very long shift. (It was 7pm and she had no food all day! I'm surprised she didn't faint.)  Very, very traditional, old-school seafood restaurant (that is, your great-grandparents would recognize and be comfortable with the menu).  Slight attempts to add interest with Asian inspired sauces, macadamia encrusted Mahi-mahi with a thin peanut sauce was good. They have a separate printed gluten free menu (view on-line) -- but not a single dish is modified to a GF version, just extrapolate those few dishes that are prepared without wheat to begin with.  (No confidence the waitress would have protected allergic diners once alerted to issues -- not trained in how serious this is, although she was a nursing student who plunked the basket of bread in front of our celiac!)  Essentially NO accommodation or skill put into vegetarian offerings.  (Have hummus appetizer or salad bar, or pasta with cheese because they have no idea there are many other sources of protein that are far healthier and tastier.)  The menu is traditional steak and seafood fare, just as it's been offered since the 70s.  Shrimp Cocktail (which were, on this day, very large, not overcooked to hardness but properly cooked and still moist with a very zingy cocktail sauce -- which pleased some in our party and put off those in their 80s).  East-meets-West appetizer offered seared "sushi-grade" tuna plantain chips in the middle, and a tuna tartare (actually kind of a ceviche with finely diced cubes of raw fish with onion) and a wasabi cream sauce which was all excellent and a bit large for one person's appetizer -- sharing is recommended (esp given the price).  Prices overall were very high. Those who ordered the 8oz filet were happy with temperature and texture. (I thought the side of "sautéed mushrooms, recommended by our chef" were grotesquely overpriced at $8 for barely warmed button mushrooms with little flavor.) Glanced at the Salad bar but not worth the space for this straight out of 1970s offering, without a creative or enticing ingredient in sight.  (If we'd known it was another 40 minutes to any food, we'd have gotten at least one to share and nibble.)  Creme brulee was tasty, Molten lava cake (order 30 minutes in advance so, when entrees arrive) was scarfed up and enjoyed -- especially by the hungry vegetarian who was not impressed with the balled mounds of hummus or the tri-colored pasta which he felt tasted like a cold summer pasta salad warmed up (vinaigrette sauce and all).  He did not eat more than a few bites of either, yet server did not offer to remove from check.  (She did offer, at the end of our meal while clearing, to replace it.  Umm, no. That would keep already weary people waiting another hour for that to arrive.) Kitchen production was way too slow to even contemplate a correction.  
The meal might have seemed much better if we were seated and served in far less time.  From arrival, 4+ hours to dine -- their pacing, not ours -- was torturous.  
Management should have regularly greeted everyone in their waiting area (which had only two seats and 20 people waiting, unless you succumbed and went to the bar.  At the end of our hour's wait, management approached a couple who had just arrived and who expressed alarm at the prospect of the 45 minute wait the hostess mentioned (she'd told us 15 minutes, so good luck to them).  He offered them free appetizers out of the gate while we stood, propped up and crippled against the wall marveling at the random treatment.  If that was how they were to quell bad feelings, it should have been even-handedly offered as soon as people were seated -- with the hostess authorized to apologize for the wait, offer the free apps or drinks, and wish a happy holiday on behalf of management.  
The place was packed, but it was not noisy at all.  Conversation was easy.  (There was also no music -- holiday or otherwise. No table decorations.  A few Poinsettia plants were the extent of Christmas -- oh, and one or two servers had Santa hats on, which was cute.  The view of the bridge, the Delaware, and the lights of Camden were nice, glistening on the water.  We had a LOT of time to look at it while waiting for food service!  We thanked every server for working today, and tipped well but, oh gosh, this place needs a shake-up from menus to house management.The Crab Cake Appetizer here is to die for,it by far was the best mouth watering,tantalizing crab cake I have ever tasted in my entire life!...The only thing is that it just wasn't big enough,but it was certainly worth every cent,and I highly recommend that everyone should try it upon visiting this place,the view of the Delaware is simply awesome,the seating is laidback and extremely comfortable and the staff there is very friendly and outgoing,I love coming here a lotSo I had the opportunity to visit the chart house to meet a dear friend for dinner in philly. It was an awesome experience and the view was really nice. I think the main attraction at this place is the view. The food in general terms is fairly decent. A little overpriced and as many other reviewers here describe it... Sort of a red lobster kind of food. Nothing outstanding or special to go over with. 
The place is definitely fancy and they have valet parking. The people are personable in and attentive once inside and the tables and atmosphere is relaxed and intimate. I'm during during the day the place must be very well lit. But at night the lights were dim, and I really liked it. Tables are nicely spaced out. 
I had the clam chowder soup which was tasty, followed by a lobster tail dish, and for dessert; a slice of cheesecake. The lobster felt a little rubbery but it wasn't bad. I'm a huge cheesecake fan, and this place really failed at that. Dessert was subpar to say the least. 
Overall a good experience. I would definitely go there again and try other dishes and not just judge the place based on only one dish. Good drinks selection I must add.Can't believe all the extremely negative reviews I'm reading here. We went there once recently and it was great and we're already talking about going back. I guess that's the old Joe DiMaggio syndrome. He once said he played his best each and every game because he was certain that there was someone in the stands that had never seen him play before . That should be the same approach a restaurant owner / manager should take. word of mouth is your best advertisement and the word of mouth on this place does not sound good. Oh well, as to my review we loved it. There were three of us and all enjoyed our meals. The view of the Delaware is outstanding. Like all the Chart Houses I have eaten in, the architecture is unique and usually stunning as it is here. If you're into that sort of thing you'll know what I mean, the place is beautiful, with all 3 levels providing a view of the river. Not all C.H.s are on water by the way as my favorite is in Palm Springs, CA with no water anywhere near there. Our service was fine, our food was excellent and the evening enjoyable. It is very expensive but you know that going in or could if you looked at the posted menu. We'll be going back soon and for those who had a terrible time there, I understand if you won't go back, but maybe if you give it one more shot you'll be pleasantly surprised.We went to the Chart House for dinner last night - we have been there several times - and it  is really not a good restaurant anymore.  We were sooo disappointed and will not go back.  It took fifteen minutes for them to even acknowledge that we were sitting at a table.  I ordered Prime Rib - well done - and it came out Red and Bloody - I sent it back.  They bought it back out to me finally - my husband was already done his meal - the outside was fine - until you cut it - you guessed it - it was bloody inside.  I did not eat it but ate the lumpy potatoes.  Then my husband and I ordered coffee and an apple cherry crisp.  The coffee came out fifteen minutes before the dessert and you guessed it - the coffee was cold.  The dessert tasted like someone dumped a salt shaker in it.  Our bill came to $130.00 and I actually came home hungry.  Save your money - Applebees and Friday have better food than the Chart House - It is going down the tubes.   We were dressed in nice pants and tops but most people were in shorts and sneaks - one indication that the restaurant is failing.  Hope this review is read and the Chart House does something about this restaurant.I was here before with family and I remember the food was good but the service was ehhhh... my fiance and I tried it again tonight only bc we had a gift card,  but let me tell you this time around a completely different experience!  Issac was our server he was truly awesome! You could tell he really loved his job!  The food was really good, the lobster bisque was so yummy! But seriously when I go back I will request to have Issac, bc of him our date started off awesome!A girlfriend and I went for Night Out Resturant week running from 8/21 to 8/30 (3 Courses for $35). We sat on the outside deck....Food, Service, Ambiance....Amazing!Went to the Chart House a few years ago.  The view is breathtaking at night.  I had the crab cakes just melt in your mouth.  The service was also timely and courteous!SAVE YOUR MONEY!
Okay, okay, okay.  I have tried at least three times to give this place a chance.  
Now, back in the day, this was a really nice place to dine. The decor, back then, was nice.  The food, great and the lava cake, wow!  Now, all of it....womp, womp, womp. 
The last time I ate here, the BF and I decided to come here to celebrate a milestone.  The waiter could care less.  For real, dude, really!  He was so nonchalant, it was like to he wasn't even at work. He took our order then rushed off.  I'm sorry, I wasn't finished!  Anyhoo, he came back and I finished my order.  
Food came, it was ordered right, but it tasted so wrong! I couldn't believe it, I  kept saying, "I love this place!"  Then after a few more bites, I realized the problem, The Chart House had changed.  Such a shame.  
We finished our meal and on to the dessert..............LAVA CAKE *insert back flip here*  Up to the point of dessert, my dining experience was not good, but I did not care, I knew the cake would change it.  And at least I could still come for dessert.  Well, they cooked the cake to death, I mean back to death as it was never alive.  Poor cake and my poor taste buds.  That was it!
I was furious!!  We paid and left.  Oh, did I complain? No, never got a chance the waiter was gone in a flash.  That was fine with me because I'm good for writing a letter.  I went to the website as the Chart House is a part of a chain.  BLASTED them all over the place!  Yeah, I did it.  
I got a call from the manager.  I explained my dilemma, during this time people do not have money to spend $100 on a bad dinner, etc.  I was so surprised and dismayed.  Such a shame.  Yadda, yadda, scoop.  He said, "I've been manager here for three months now and we are not getting nearly as many complaints as we were before I started."  I said, "Oh, okay."  WHAT ARE YOU SUPPOSED TO DO WITH THAT!  He offered me a gift certificate, told me to ask for him, etc. 
After the call, I told myself it would be a cold day in hell before I went back there. These idiots do not know how to maintain a "fine dining" establishment, so no need to waste my time.
There is a light, can you see it?  The BF and I are in Baltimore a few times a year.  We bless The Chart House in Annapolis with our presence.  And I must say, they are always happy to see us. *smile*  The food is still good, there is a nice view, the decor is not as dated, the wait staff are experienced and friendly and the lava cake is the ultimate!Went here for the man's Momma's birthday bash. There were 11 of us, all his siblings and their significant others.
The waterfalls on the inside were pretty cool, I liked the sound and ambiance. The bar was nice, good selection and prices.
We had a table on the upper level, in the corner of the restaurant with the Delaware River behind us. 
My serious, serious, serious gripe for the evening was the temperature! It was like the AC wasn't even on. Yes, we were at the Charthouse when it was over 100 degrees outside, but inside the restaurant it was hot AND unfortunately grossly muggy.
We shared a bunch of apps, from the lobster lollipops to the bruschetta to the asparagus. Everyone loved everything, there were no complaints and not one morsel left on a plate.
I had the 10oz prime rib (I'm not the worlds biggest fan of fish) and it was really good. Perfectly cooked, nice crust and the mashed taters were really good too.
The man had the seafood mix that had a crab cake, some salmon and scallops. He was throughly pleased with his dinner. Everyone else enjoyed their dishes.
I highly recommend the peach sweet tea drink from the alcohol menu. Yum.
Jamaal was our waiter and he was fantastic! Definitely could have used a hand with getting us extra water or drinks, but Jamaal was the best! Definitely made it a special evening for the birthday woman!My family and I absolutely loved this place. It has great views! Our food was delicious! Including desert! We will be returning for sure! We received excellent service and felt truly able to relax.I took my wife here for her birthday. We were there a few years ago and were blown away. The food and service were spectacular. Not anymore. We ordered the lava cake for her birthday and it never came. Our waiter vanished and left us sitting for over an hour. The food was average at best. We won't be back. They ruined my wife's birthday.Bad decor, rude service. Went for happy hour- great specials, good food- too bad the other elements didn't add up.This place is the most overated expensive dog poo ever!
I took a friend there for her birthday a few months ago. I made a reservation for 7:00pm and came there around 6:50pm. Our waiter promtly took us to our table and ask us if we would like anything to drink. So we order 2 draft beers while we look at the menu. So far so good, right!? Little did we know things about to go south quickly after  this.
Our waiter disappeared for 20 minutes (I am not exagerrating either, it was 7:20pm when he came back). When he finally came back, he was quick to apologize. He said that he didn't forget about us, he was just busy (at that point I looked around and the restaurant was pretty much empty, maybe he got other tables to serve in different floors?). We ordered an appertizer and two steaks. We also reminded him of our drinks guessing that he probably had forgotten about them.
10 minutes later, he came back with our appetizer. Not bad, but did he forgot our drinks? So I reminded him again. He gave me this lame excuse that his bartender was busy. I was thinking "WTF, they were just two draft beers for Pete's sake! How hard is it to pour 2 glasses of beer?". A few minutes later,  the beers finally arrived.
As we were working on our appetizer for short while, our steaks came. I was happy that they come out quickly because I was hungry., but for a $30 steak, the presentation was pretty crappy. Basically there a humongous plate, a piece of steak and a scope of mashed potatoes next to it. That's it!
Overall, the steaks were okay. Half way through the steak, my friend noticed a piece of hair under her steak. I was furious at that point but somehow managed to remain calm call the waiter over and told him about the hair. He quickly apologized and said that he would talk to the manager about the situation. I also asked him for a check because we've lost our appetite at that point.
5 minutes later he came back with our check. He put the check down, didn't mention anything about the hair incidence and just left. I looked at the check and there was no compensation. We left the money on the table, gave the waiter about 10% tip and left. Horrible dining experience. I vowed not to come back there again.
For high end restaurant, the presentation and the service were pretty bad. If it were Pho joint I would understand, but it's not. It was about $100 for dinner for two.Love, love, love this restaurant! It's so swanky! The ambiance is excellent pretty good wine selection and the lobster bisque..magnificent! Being from Monterey CA I was a bit skeptical about the seafood in philly, but I was pleasantly surprised! Great dinner date place, parking and valet is available..I think. Good place to go if you want to dine in an intimate setting.Our waitress was nice...
My mom sold a small piece of skin on her shoulder to a medical study and took my family out to "fine dining". The goal was to go somewhere we normally would never go because of price. Ultimately, I've decided price is no indicator of a quality restaurant. I called a head of time to find the average price. The hostess said entrées range from $17-50. I'd say most fall in the $28-36 range.
We were weirded out right from the start with the valet parking. Sure, it's complimentary, but it sort of seems forced. There is a huge parking lot right next to the Chart House, and the only way in is through the valet lane which is blocked by other cars waiting to be parked.  I don't want someone driving my car when its not necessary or tip someone to do something I could easily do myself.
This place was dark! People say the view is great but at night it is just black ocean and the lighting inside is very poor. Besides the dish I ordered, I didn't feel anything at the table was very good. I would not recommend this place to anybody.Food was TERRIBLE. I sent back my entree TWICE because it was overcooked. I ordered Mahi Mahi and when I told them it was tough they said that's how it's supposed to be!! What?! And the service- awful. This was the most overpriced place; the only thing they have going for them is the location and atmosphere which is so deceiving! Go to the Moshulu right across the way which is great! NEVER GOING BACK!!My fiancé and I celebrated our engagement and New Years at The Chart House Location in Philadelphia this past Wednesday. It was a very special occasion for us and one which we had been looking forward to for quite some time. Our experience, from the wait time up to the valet service after dinner, was forgettable to say the least. Our reservation was set for 10:15, we arrived on time and were asked to wait for seating until almost 10:45. When my fiancé and i were finally seated it was almost another 10-15 minutes before a server came to the table to take our drink orders. Our first course of soup was more resemblant of cereal, it was cold and lacked taste. Our second course of salad did not even appear to be mixed, it looked as if the chef had thrown lettuce on the plate and simply dumped the remaining ingredients on top. My third course of steak was below average but palatable. My fiancé ordered the vegetarian option, which we were incorrectly assured was on the menu when we made the reservations. Her dinner entrée was so unsatisfactory that we had it boxed after she took a few bites. The final course of dessert, which was supposed to be served warm, was either prepared without heat or sat unattended for the almost 15 minutes we waited for it. The karaoke or band, we are still not sure which, was so loud and unenjoyable that it was our most frequent topic of conversation during this special occasion. We were seated in an area in which we could not view the fireworks display, one of our main reasons for choosing the Chart House location. Our celebratory New Years Champagne was poured for us almost 30 minutes after the New Year had commenced. After we paid our $350 bill, we were greeted by valet who took the turn around the island entrance as if he was Jeff Gordon at Daytona (with the door completely open well before he stopped). My fiancé and I are frequent customers at landry owned establishments and are in utter disbelief at the way our evening was handled.My bf and I are just returning to our hotel after having dinner at chart house. We were celebrating his birthday. We are giving it 5 stars because the service from our waiter Susan was wonderful. She was friendly, witty, and very attentive. The food was also good I had the filet with lobster and crab sauce on top with mashed potatoes. My bf had the coconut shrimp. For dessert we ordered the lava cake which was ridiculously amazing. We had the kimchi calamari for an app. The icing on the cake is the view. We were sat by the window and had a beautiful view of the river. I can't imagine what it would like if it was day time.
We are just visiting philadelphia but when we return we will make it a point to visit chart house again.Giving it 3 stars because apps and dinner were great.  We had coconut shrimp and crab cake for apps.  Both delicious.  Sea bass and scallops Italia for dinner.  Dessert was ok had apple crisp and signature volcano cake.  Don't order the espresso, it was regular coffee in an espresso cup.  They were lacking the espresso spoon too. 
View is great, but don't sit on the top floor.  Once they start cooking it's like an oven up there. Server, Isaac was great.  Would be 4 stars for sure if not for the lack of A/C upstairs.Talk about a horrible experience.  Arrived for our dinner date early at 7:03pm for our reservations at 8:15. We were told by the host that we could stand around or go to the bar while we waited for the other half of our party to arrive.  This was fine because we planned on being early and having a couple drinks prior to our friends arriving.  The host told us once that our party arrived we would be seated right away.  The other half of our party arrived at 8:11 so we expected to be seated quickly within the next couple minutes, but was told that they were still working on seating reservations for 8pm,which was fine to us so we didn't mind sitting at the bar to wait a couple minutes while our table was being prepared.  At 8:48 we were never told that our table was ready and thought that the wait was starting to be excessive so I went to talk to the host to see if our table was ready yet and she started to give me an attitude, but eventually the manager came over and I explained the situation, which he understood and was very apologetic.  We were then seated and not greeted by our server with water for over 5 minutes.  Being as this was restaurant week we knew exactly what we wanted, but wanted to order a family order of calamari. The calamari took over 30 minutes to come out and it was dark brown, overly chewy, overcooked and cold.  We were going to settle with it, but after 2 pieces we couldn't eat out and respectfully returned it. They then brought out another batch about 5 minutes later that was night andv day different.  The calamari was very tasty and crunchy. Our new England clam chowder didn't come out until after 10pm, which was very good. Our entrees didn't come out until after 11pm and by that time we were not even hungry any more and just decided to ask for our desserts. We ate or desserts and asked for the rest of our meals to go and ran out of there around midnight very disappointed.  Probably will never come back to this establishment again.  The Chart House in San Antonio that I went to two years ago was a night and day difference with service and food quality.This visit was a total nightmare. Service was horrible, drinks took forever and dinner never came. It's a tourist trap that saw its better days 20 years ago. Stay away.Good food, devastatingly sloppy service.
The food was decent - overpriced, but good. That said, my experience at this establishment was completely tainted by the horrible service:
- Drinks by the bar. Our waitress brought our check and we had money out for it immediately. She didn't notice this, however, because she was casually talking to other employees instead of doing her job. Then she played with what looked like the manager's kid for a several minutes. We were 15 feet from her and one of only three tables she was waiting on, and it still took her 10 minutes to take our check back from us. 
- Inattention to detail. Menu riddled with typos. "Ravioli's". You want me to pay $30 for "Ravioli's?" Not happening. Class it up a bit. In the ladies room, every single stall was out of toilet seat covers. The waitstaff were not very professional and the manager just let his kid run around like it was a playground. When our waiter brought us the box of teabags to choose from at dessert, the teas were a mess and completely disorganized with no rhyme or reason to them. 
- The service. Waiter arrived at our table several times, unprepared and always forgetting something. We ordered two appetizers for the table but he only brought out the one. One us was deciding between two entrees, but didn't want something with garlic. So she asked our waiter if either dish had garlic, he said one did and the other didn't. So she ordered the one that didn't. When our entrees arrive, lo and behold, sitting in front of her is a plate of DRY SPAGHETTI. No sauce, nothing. Really? So when we asked our waiter about it he said, "oh, the sauce has garlic." Well the guy could've told her ahead of time so she could've ordered something else. $25 for a plate of dry pasta that I could make at home for about ten cents, no thank you. Absolutely clueless and unprofessional, undisciplined staff.
My advice to the Management: Don't try to skate by on some old reputation. Pay attention to details, because that is the key to good hospitality that you are so desperately lacking. Live up to your prices- try to show some class and professionalism.Very nice view of the river and the various sites on the harbor. We were hot and tired and needed a drink at the bar. All we had were margaritas and beer but it was fun and the service was great the menu was tempting but we had to go. Next time we'll eat there too!I took my mom to chart house on Sat for an early mothers day dinner. We arrived 30 minutes early the maitre d sat us immediately gave us a great table facing the water.  Our waiter was excellent forgot his name but he was from London and he was very attentive and gave recommendations and catered to our needs in a friendly manner
Our appetizers came so fast my mom commented on the speed and our waiter made sure to ask before he brought out the meals. Our meals were excellent and when he cleaned our table he didn't give us the bill he said sit enjoy the view (nice touch) I see all the reviews crying about the price I had no problem with the bill it was actually much lower than expected4 -5 stars for the view alone.  They could serve old shoe leather (which some steaks kinda resemble) and it would still be a great ambience.  Meanwhile, as hard to believe as it is, Chart house is a CHAIN.  It is a such a nice place, though - and a great "special occaision" restaurant.
Just don't have a steak.  The salmon was excellent when I had it years ago.
Come to think of it the steaks I also had quite a long while ago - perhaps they have a better beef supplier now.
But anyhow, yes I do recommend the Chart House - especially for Mother's Day (Father's Day) and birthdays.  It is just a joy in Spring and Summer.Every time I've been to the Chart House the experience was great. As usual, our server was excellent, he was extremely pleasant and had great hospitality. My drink and appetizer was awesome, however the food this time was not the best. The food took a while to come out and when it finally did it wasn't hot and my shrimp were very tough as if it had been sitting out for some time. I told my waiter & he was very amiable and put in another order. The 2nd order was much better and fresher. Because of the service and the fact that I've had great experiences in the past i will go back to the Chart House and I recommend anyone who hasn't been to try them. The view of the river at night is very romantic and serene.Was in Philadelphia for business. I wanted to have a nice proper meal, so I took a mile uber ride to Chart house from my hotel. I was dining solo and I requested a nice secluded table away from the crowd. The view of the water is very nice, looking at Camden, NJ port. My main course and desert was delicious, and my server, excellent. I was happy with the view, food and service. Would come back again.This restaurant would have been comically bad on a regular day. On Mother's Day it was tragically bad. It is like a brunch at an outdated , dilapidated motel. The food was cold and incredibly unappealing, the marching up and down stairs to the buffet was awkward and even the view, which is apparently the big draw, just looks out on enormous tankers. My 18 year old son said, we have to make this up to mom, and quickly.Great experience. My wife and I went to celebrate her birthday and we had a wonderful time. The staff wished her a Happy Birthday at every turn, the menu mentioned her special day, combine this with friendly attentive staff and really good food. Outstanding.overpriced ,poor service.   meat not cooked to specification.  salad bar inadequateVery beautiful view of the ocean, and I HIGHLY recommend the lava cake- order it when you order your entree so there is adequate time. Service was friendly and fast. Bon Appetite!Do not go to the Chart House in Philadelphia! Over priced food that is not that good - the Miso Salmon was dry; the crab stuffed shrimp had me feeling like I was eating sand - every bite a grit. We took our daughter there to celebrate her  birthday. The waiter was very "not there". He got our orders mess up - brought my daughter lobster bisque she didn't order. BTW, a small cup of lobster bisque that wasn't that good for $9.00? Outrageous! When our waiter brought out her lava cake with candle he put it in front of her and walked away - weird. We were first seated at a table that had a gnat farm swarming around us and we asked to be moved. Dirty carpets. The kitchen staff had dirty uniforms - food stained. I mean, I would not want to go see my doctor and he came into the room with a blood and mucous splattered doctors jacket. Come on people who work in restaurants - WEAR CLEAN UNIFORMS! We don't want the visual that says "I'm nasty and I am fixing your food!"  The only good thing about our dinning experience was that my daughter got her name printed on the menu. Other than that too much money, food not good and out waiter needs to look for work elsewhere.My girlfriend and I went here to celebrate my birthday. It was the first time had been here in several years. The views are still great, especially if you get there just as the sun is setting. The atmosphere was romantic. However the food did not quite live up to the price. Will I eat here again within a year, yes. Am I in a rush to go back, no.So my family and I went here about 3 years ago for fathers day. The food was horrible. i ordered something with chicken and it tasted like fish. Someone doesn't know how to store their food... we were not happy with the food at all that night. We had a limited menu because it was a holiday, but you would think that would make it better. We never wanted to come back after that. Especially when we paid so much money for what? Sh!tty food! no way did we want to come back after that!
Now that we moved and  live right near it(next store) I decided to give it a try again. It was raining the day we decided to go, and there was no food in the house.Only local place, with food that we wont get soaked if we walk. We decided to give it another try. WOW! what a change! the food was fantastic! loved it all! i was glad that i decided to give it another try. They really turned it around. The food was different, not the look of the place, still the same. The only negative thing i have to say about it this time is the hostess never really acknowledged we were there. She was on the phone making reservations so it looked like one of the staff had to seat us. We were waiting for about 5-10 mins, no one else was in front of us. I was about to turn around and walk out. Glad i decided to wait.
I decided that because i loved it, I had to get my mom to try it again. Hopefully she will like it too! So one night we all went for dinner. This time i was taking a risk and ordering something i never had before; swordfish. I figured they are known for their fish and it was a special that night. I couldn't be that bad, if it was. The plating was pretty. The swordfish was DELICIOUS! my new favorite fish beside salmon. my mom enjoyed her meal also! Everyone did! Will definitively come here more often!"fine dining?" what a joke! first off, the decor and general atmosphere is really dated and cheesy. i went here with a couple friends for drinks and appetizers. the waitress was rude, spilled our drinks on the table, didn't know what was in a dirty martini (and then brought me a regular vodka martini anyway), and the calamari was old. by old i mean really fishy. we stopped eating it for fear of food poisoning. the hummus was okay but how can you F up hummus? there are SO many other restaurants in philly any one of them would be better. if you MUST eat down at penn's landing, go next door to the moshulu.
also, the dress code is pretty loose. i was dressed casual-nice. i saw everything from shorts and goofy t-shirts and sandals with socks to hooker wear (leopard print lycra) to suits and fancy cocktail dresses.Considerably down from what we remember, and from what we expect from Landry's restaurants. 
Baked entrees came out luke warm, and prime rib was over seasoned and unpleasant.   3 molten lava cakes, ordered at start of meal, still took 20+ minutes to deliver at end of meal. All of them were baked solid with no "lava" center. 
Chart house was nice enough to take them off the bill as a kitchen error, but we shouldn't wait that long for a poor dessert. 
Server was awkward as well. 
So while we like the Landry's chain, and have fond memories of the Chart House, we won't be back.We had a wonderful time at Happy Hour, it was awesome. Delicious food, delightful drink choices, great service & beautiful view. The presentation was Lovely!The hostess had zero warmth, that was not a good start. But the hopes of well cooked seafood with a nice river view stayed as the focus. The service was ok at best honestly. They were nice but could have been more knowledgeable about the menu. Go for the grilled swordfish, and the clam chowder , and glass of Malbec for $9, all excellent.  The tilapia was overcooked and not appealing to the eye, and it had three slices of mushrooms - think we paid extra for the 3 slices? Great wine list but really weak on the beers but I was expecting that. But have a least one local beer! It was good to check out but probably won't return.Celebrated my 7th year anniversary there and it was Great food, great customer service, warm atmosphere & environment! Our waiter Jason was amazing and definitely sold us on some great tasting menu choices his recommendations were all spot on. I haven't eaten seafood in years and he sold me a crab cake appetizer that was to die for. Definitely will be back sooner than later! Oh yeah if you have a table near the window the view is stunningServer was not very friendly. Her assistant provided great service running all around the restaurant. Finally received a bottle of wine after our third choice. Crab was dry. Lava cake was disappointing.Very slow service. Waitress was sitting at the bar while we were waiting for our drinks. I will never come back here for happy hour.Just had dinner at the Chart House.
We went there because it was close to our hotel- convenience is not always everything!' 
Ordered grilled salmon and it came with some kind of Chinese fried rice that was not good at all ( think soy sauce) found pieces of chicken meat in it that were not supposed to be there.
My son ordered the Mac & cheese and it was Kraft Macaroni ( and very dry) no offense Kraft, but at this type of restaraunt,   you would expect they could make the Mac and cheese! 
The view is very nice but the price of the food is not worth it!On the expensive side but the food was SO good!! Great to be right on the water too with view of bridge at night.  Would definitely go again if in Philly.Awesome view, service, and food.     Blackened tuna and stuffed flounder were awesome.Our visit was on 4/27/2016.  Our reservation time was 7:00pm. While our server Treyvon was quick friendly, our service was spotty. Bread took 20 minutes to arrive at the table along with water. The salad bar was out of items and not refilled despite three restaurant managers roaming on our level. My entree was the Grilled grouper and that was overcooked and coconut rice cold upon arrival. For the prestige Chart House has had in other cities I was expecting the same in Philadelphia.Ok, maybe my expectations were too high.  Traditional Philadelphia restaurant - taking out my parents - they're all excited - I had high expectations.  The Chart House didn't live up.  I haven't been here since 1988.  Quite honestly, it hasn't changed at all.  Twenty five years later, I call that stale.  It is still cramped with too much wasted space, too many obstacles to navigate and too many flights of stairs.  This place survives on its name, but not it's innovation.  It needs a makeover.   My group enjoyed its food, so that warrants my three stars.  That said, it is ridiculously over priced for basic fair.  We had a group of six and dinner exceeded three hours.  The place was half empty on this Sunday night, and my dinner took over three hours.  Really?The bathroom was dirty, it's in need of a scrubbing especially around the toilets. The food was bland and the lava cake that we ordered was dry and had absolutely no "lava" to it. It was hard to cut through the cake since it was way over cooked. We spend about $150 and it was definitely not worth it. Not even the view could save the disastrous anniversary dinner we had at this restaurant.I was here over twenty years ago; I took my family out for my daughter's birthday this past weekend.   The place hasn't changed at all.  The décor is old and tired.  The waiter seemed phobic just speaking to people.  I asked questions about the wine selection only for the waiter to tell me that he is highly allergic to wine and could not answer any questions.  The lobster bisque appetizer was luke warm at best.  I ordered the encrusted Australian Sea Bass that tasted as if it was cooked that morning and reheated. The mash potatoes on the plate had a crust formed on the top as if they had also been sitting and reheated.  My sister ordered the salad bar for her meal.  It was nothing special and not worth $17.50.  The food and restaurant are not at all worth the money that they charge.  They are many other better choices in the city of Philadelphia to chose from.We took my brothers girlfriend and her family here last night to thank them for helping us out when my brother was involved in a serious motorcycle accident. We had a  decent sized group of 8 and we came for a good time.  The food never disappoints here but unfortunately sometimes the service does. However our service last night was outstanding. Tai was our server and he was absolutely amazing! He helped us with both the drink and food menu, made excellent suggestions, was courteous and quick with his service and was so much fun!  I'd been to this restaurant more than a few times and have never had service like Tai's!I was very excited to try this place out when my family came into town. The downstairs bartender was amazing and the atmosphere is beautiful. After we had a drink at the bar, we were seated upstairs. Our waitress started out being very attentive and helpful. After we got our meals, our waitress literally disappeared for about 40 mins. At such a high end dining establishment, this is completely unacceptable. We also ordered dessert with our meals because he waitress told us it would take a while to make. When it came time for desert they were not even made and the staff completely forgot about them. I also never got a drink that I ordered with my dinner. My father was upset, naturally and was trying to speak with the general manager. The manager barely acknowledged him and basically just walked away mid-conversation. We all left disappointed in Chart House and I'll never go back. This place really needs to get their shit together and learn some customer service skills. Food was eh. If there were a zero star option - I would've clicked that.Breanna was stellar. Food was great. Lobster was prepared to perfection. Scallops were tasty. Lobster bisque was tasty. Highly recommend.Had dinner there with a large group of people. Sat for 45 minutes waiting for someone to take a drink order, when it became obvious that it wasn't happening, we went to the bar and ordered them ourselves. The salads were wilted, probably from sitting in a warm kitchen for too long. Our entrees were lukewarm at best. The shrimp scampi on angel hair pasta was disappointing. Five quarter sized shrimp, with an ice cream scoop of mashed potatoes, and overcooked green beans. They offered no explanation as to why there was no pasta. We ordered coffee with dessert that never arrived. It felt like the waitstaff weren't even trying, as with a large group the gratuity was automatically included.
Nice atmosphere, but it was expensive and the food was bland and service was awful. Never again.hosting: most are at least friendly to customers, except one that is constantly miserable.  on a weekend, even if you have a reservation, expect to wait- maybe long (hour+).
food: someone said you'll eat better food at red lobster, and sadly, that's pretty accurate.  
over all, this is a trashy, low class, wannabe "fancy" restaurant that isn't.  if you like your diamonds fake and your wine white zinf, the chart house is for you. 
don't go to the chart house.  don't waste your time, don't waste your money, don't waste your dinner out.  this city is full of incredible restaurants, pick one of them instead.View of the street and revolting food!
Lots of dust and crumbs on the counters.
All of the web site advertised dishes were unavailable, including our glass of wine selection.
Save your money or go somewhere else.  The restaurant next door is probably better.I have only been here I handful of times but the service is top notch and the food is amazing. The staff was friendly and the portions were more than enough. I would also like to shout out the management staff that took care of us. Will definitely come back soon!I went here in December 2017. The atmosphere is very romantic and the perfect place to celebrate any occasion. I went for my little brother's birthday and the food and customer service was on point. He really enjoyed himself.It's a shame that such a nice property on the water is being wasted by the chart house ,the food is disgusting!! Imagine if Steven Starr bought this place it would be one of the hottest restaurants in philly but unfortunately we are stuck with "chart house"I came here about 5 years ago and both the service and food quality was amazing. I came back 5 years later and the food quality was okay. I always like to book a window seat ahead of time because the view is spectacular. Definitely recommend the cicubut shrimp with three different sauces.The place is very nice a great view as well., but the food wasn't good, it just wasn't seasoned well at all.One of the worst dining experiences of my life. The only reason I think this place deserves 1 star instead of 0 is because of the charred octopus appetizer (which was delicious). My husband and I booked a 7:00 reservation on a Sunday night (June 9th) for our wedding anniversary. First, the entire appearance of this restaurant is dirty and out dated. All of the windows were covered in smudges and all the employees uniforms were greasy and wrinkled. We walked into the foyer and even though there were 6+ employees behind the counter not one of them acknowledged us. Only after we asked to be seated did they take us to our table. It took over 10 minutes for our server to come to our table to even offer water. The server brought over a bread basket, forgot the butter and forgot the waters. After another couple of minutes they finally returned with the waters. So -- here we are, 20 minutes after being seated before we're even able to put in a drink order. Our appetizer came out before we got our first round of drinks. After our first round of drinks arrived, we placed our entree order. While waiting for our entrees we couldn't get the attention of our server or any other server in order to put in a second round of drinks. I ended up walking to the bar myself to order and retrieve our second round. Our entrees came out. My husband ordered the Spiced Ahi and I had ordered the 7 oz Filet, medium well. The Spiced Tuna was fine -- not really good or bad. My steak was raw. I don't even think someone who would order a steak rare would have been comfortable eating this steak. Our server didn't come over for a good ten minutes after our entrees arrived to see if everything came out ok. I sent my steak back. The server brings the (same) steak back out and it's still medium rare. I ask to speak to a manager. The manager comes over and I tell him everything I just typed in this review. He tells me that the policy is that if food is sent back, the manager is supposed to be notified and they are supposed to bring out the replacement food. This obviously didn't happen. On top of all of these mistakes, our server didn't apologize or seem bothered at all by everything that had happened so far. The manager had the kitchen make me a new steak which was finally cooked to the temperature I ordered. By the time this 3rd attempt at cooking a steak medium well was finished, my husband had finished his meal -- i asked for the steak to be boxed for me to take home. They did take the steak off of our bill which was the least they could've done but I appreciated it. I've been to the Chart House in AC and had the complete opposite experience. Everything was great in AC but after this experience I'll never go to any of the Chart Houses ever again.I'm still waiting on my food, except for the lobster bisque, which I tried in advance & was wonderful. The poor server just had to explain that they were out of 5 menu items. I'm not sure who is in charge of ordering their food, but that person really did a poor job this weekend. For a restaurant of this caliber, (ie, that charges prices like this,) I don't expect them to be out of so many items.Will definitely go back!! Nice, cozy setting and great scenic views! The crabmeat, shrimp, mango salsa with avocado appetizer was amazing!! My husband got the filet and it was on par with Ruth's Chris!!I came here for my one year anniversary with my wife. Of course I'm primarily basing my review in comparison to the location in Weehaken which I have frequented quite a bit. The place was clean throughout, wasn't crowded at all so we had the option of outdoor seating where we were greeted with the view of the Delaware river and the Walt Whitman Bridge. Our server was pleasant and was able to direct is to what was what he thought a hot item off the menu.
My wife and I ordered the same entree. We both had the crab stuffed shrimp and ordered the crab avocado mango stack for our appetizer. The appetizer was extremely tasty and very fresh. I enjoyed every bite of it. The entree was similarly as tasty. It came with six nicely sized portions of shrimp.
To end the evening, of course I had to order the signature chocolate lava cake which was completely out of this world. If you come here you probably know already that you should order this a half hour In advance as it takes that long to make. 
My only complaint which I was sorely disappointed in was the drink. Me being a bartender and knowing exactly what goes into a Long Island (what both my wife and I ordered) the drink was not good at all; too much sour mix. When we sent it back, our waiter Jordan appeared shocked and advised that the bartender had been working there for years and he's amazed that we had complaints about the drinks. Sorry, but it was definitely not a Long Island. Otherwise the place was decent. Id coChart House is cool, I just think we may have gone at a weird time, because things seemed a little disjointed and lackluster. It was that weird time of pre-dinner rush prep or shift change or something. It didn't REALLY bother us, as we were just looking to kill time and get a quick bite before heading to the Purple Rain in the park event, so we weren't exactly looking for the fine dining experience. Not that thats an excuse for THEM, just saying it didn't really rock our boat like it normally would have. We came in and were told to sit anywhere and that someone would be with us. Well, we did just that, taking a seat in the dining area overlooking the water, in the weird little swivel chairs, but no one came. After maybe 7-8 minutes, we decided to just go over to the bar and sit. The bar is ALSO weird in that you have to kind of step DOWN into it. We sat at the end of the bar, where we at least got service. I had to ask for something to wipe the bar down, as it was a sticky mess, and the bartender came over and cleaned it for us. We ordered; bar/finger foods and a few drinks. Again, this was basically a layover, waiting for the main event. Our food came, and was fine, but there was a sauce that was supposed to come with our food and when it finally came, there was maybe an teaspoon of sauce in a ramekin. We asked for, you know, a NORMAL amount of sauce please, and it turned into a whole thing. It was the busboy who handled the whole thing, not the bartender, and he was NONE too happy about having to go get more sauce, which we found out, there was no more of anyway. It actually got a little dicey, as you could tell he didn't really want to waste his time getting us sauce, my wife didn't really want to deal with him not wanting to do his job. We got through it, but it did make things a little uncomfortable for a minute. Also, I had to grab my own silverware from the pile that the bartender had been rolling. Hmmm....maybe I should drop my review. 
Eh. Like I said, I'm willing to give the Chart House the benefit of the doubt. I went in not expecting much, and boy did they deliver on THAT expectation, but this may have just been an off day for them. I'd expect a lot more if I came for a sit down dinner with the Misses. The view of the water is nice too, if thats your thing. I'll update when I give them another crack at it.I realize that I shouldn't expect perfection on a Thanksgiving night, but at these prices I expect better.  Helpful staff and attentive waiter didn't quite save the meal.  The turkey was tender enough, but not served with any vegetables, just starch.  And I should recommend that if you are going to serve mash potatoes, at least don't dish it with an ice cream scoop.  I expect that at morton's cafeteria, not at The Chart House.O my!  We were seated right along the windows overlooking the water! AWESOME!!!
I had the Shrimp and Avacado Martini as appertizer (excellent).  
The Chart House Mixed Grill - crab cake, grilled shrimp and grilled salmon.  I thought the crab cake was excellent, but the shrimp and salmon were okay (little too dried).
But DESSERT was EXCELLENT!!! You must try the Hot Lava Chocolate Cake!!!Have to say... Terrible. Haven't been here in 10 years and wasted a nice Saturday night. Salad bar would have fit in a hospital cafeteria, steaks mahh and lava cake was over cooked. Waiter didn't know what a double cappuccino was. 
Never again, don't waste your time.