After trying a few ramen places with crazy variety in their selections and stellar broth, I was not too excited about the ramen I got at Cheu.  Maybe it's a matter of taste, but personally, I was not a fan of their thick noodles, and extremely salty broth.  
The service was great, and they had a nice selection of beers!  The friend I went with loved it, and has been many times.  Honestly, I'm just sorry I wasn't a bigger fan.  But I hope others try it for themselves.  I might just be an oddball out on this one.Second visit even better than the first!!  Loved the butternut squash and goat cheese Rangoons, and the delightfully filling mushroom yakisoba. Amazing flavor, and a smoky , meaty feel though it is meatless. Then came the coconut curry ramen. Heaven in a bowl. 
My only complaint is when you have to wait for seating there is no way to hang by the bar without constantly feeling you are in The servers' way as they breeze by with deliciousness in bowls and plates. So worth the wait before heading to the theater. Plus, food comes out very quickly so we made the curtain, just barely, but with really happy tummies.I came here with a group of four and had a great experience. There are tons of interesting appetizers to try--we had dumplings with corn and mushrooms, wings, and some specials that are escaping me. Each of us also got an order of noodles. These are not chinatown noodle house portions, but they also aren't chinatown noodle house ingredients. Interesting, fresh, and tasty. Plus its a great deal and BYO to boot. Great addition to 10th street!Happy hour here is great! We ordered the corn rangoons, which were a nice combination of savory and sweet, and the bulgogi dumplings, along with the happy hour cocktail special. If we had stopped there, the bill would have been $24. But the dumplings were so good we had to get another order and the cocktails were so good we had to each get (ahem) two more. And the food in general was so delicious that we wanted to try some entrees. The brisket ramen noodles were perfectly cooked and the meat was very tender. The shrimp dan dan noodles were peanutty and creamy. Service was very attentive and friendly and even with all the booze, the bill was more than reasonable. Can't wait to come back!This place blew my mind! My husband and I were craving ramen noodles for weeks and we went there hoping to get some tasty Ramen, little did we know that their food was unbelievably tasty. The flavors and the unexpected twist to their menu went above and beyond what we expected. 
I got the Brisket Ramen and my husband got the Lamb, they were both amazing but I highly recommend the Brisket. 
This is restaurant has moved to my top 3 places to eat at in Philly. OUTSTANDING food and great service!Some foodie friends have been talking this place up to me so I finally decided to check it out, and it was definitely worth it.
The dumplings of the day were Pork and Mung Bean, and they were decent.  The dumpling dough is perfectly chewy and excellent as far as thickness.  The filling I thought was a little under seasoned, but when I rolled it around in the Chili Oil, it was quite tasty.
I also had the burger, which I thought was an unusual item to have on the menu for a noodle bar, but thought it would be interesting to try.  The burger is on more of a denser bread than a typical bun, and the mustard greens and acidic sauces worked great together.  The burger had a lot of Eastern flavors, but was still a burger, a well cooked one, at that.  Enjoyed a quick tasty lunch for 12 bucks.  As the temperatures rise this summer, I'll probably try the cold noodles and I think the ramen is calling for me this winter.Loved the noodles, charred brussels sprouts, beer options, decor, and service. The overall character is superb. When you have non-Asians run an Asian-themed noodle bar, greatness happens. Can't wait to come back.The goal of the day was to fill our bellies with warm and tasty ramen, and I am so happy to say we did that a Cheu! My friends and I actually started with the Black Garlic Wings (6), which is great to share with 3 people. The wings were tangy and sweet, very flavorful, and I definitely recommend giving them a try. We also ordered the Butternut Rangoon, and can I just say that I could probably eat like twenty of those and be so happy with my life. They were so light and crispy, and absolutely addicting.
I ordered the Coconut Curry Noodles with a marinated egg. The the broth was so full of curry and a sweet coconut flavor, it was delicious! I also appreciated that the broth had a bit of heat to it, because the spicier the better in my opinion.The noodles were soft, and filling--so fun to slurp right up. 
For two apps, and three bowls, it came out to $26, including tip, and I was full for the rest of the day!Definitely recommend trying this spot if you're ever in the city and need something to warm you up. I will be back to Cheu sometime soon!So I came here after all the hoopla on the foobooz site and because Matyson is an awesome byob(and who doesn't love delicious noodles). I have to say, had the burger and pork belly buns and they were excellent. Also had the BBQ crisp appetizer that had a great flavor yet it needed something to soak up the sauce. Finally had the lamb braised noodles and they were great. Again I wanted to soak up every ounce of the sauce. They should go against the norm and serve a nice crusty bread- blasphemy you might say but seriously something must be done to soak up these flavors.
Now onto the bad part, the prices.  Way too expensive for everything. Nan Zhou hand drawn noodles Isn't that far away and their delicious noodles are 3-5 bucks depending on either the peanut or soy pork sauce; Cheu's prices are around 11-15, and small to boot. Also sampan isn't far away with a great priced happy hour. I know Cheu is just starting up, so hopefully after a time they will be a little more affordable.
This place is great with a comfy feel and a warm and inviting staff.  I will be back, just not often or I'll be broke.Absolutely amazing! Must get the black garlic wings - they are to die for! My brisket ramen was delicious as well, I can not wait to come back!This place is small, actually it's tiny. But it's cool! check out the wall mural ! 
I like their business philosophy, check it out on the back of their menu. 
As for the food, Asian fusion , that's all I can tell you. 
Miso Ramen - The broth was actually decent, it's creamy and tasty. The pork shoulder falls apart with the grab of chopsticks. nicely done. 
Brisket Ramen - two big slices of Brisket, quantity over powers quality. To be honest Brisket was flavorless. This bowl contains Kimichi, kimichi with ramen how interesting.We've been there for Valentine's Day !! 
It was actually really good, well priced and really nice service !! They Cook in front of us as well ! Awesome experienceIt's a relatively small space, there are maybe only 7 tables inside. They have vegetarian options! I tried the spicy Sichuan chili fat noodles and it was not that spicy for me (they said it was the spiciest item on their menu but it's not too spicy). It was good, but slightly bland. My friend got the other dish I don't remember the name of (refer to photo), but it was really good. My food would get 3 stars (quite average) but friend's bowl was better, and the service was prompt and wonderful.Probably one of the best places to get food in the city.  They're innovative and awesome people at this place, I will always recommend this place!- TIP:  Their black garlic wings are some of the best wings in the city.
- CON:  Recent happy hour addition was downright disappointing.  Quality of dishes wasn't up to Cheu's standard.  Service was curt.  
- BOTTOM LINE:  It pains me to give this place 3 stars.  A year ago, I emphetically would proclaim it to be my favorite restaurant in the city.  But they've lost their way.  Hand torn noodles are gone from the menu.  Service has been shoddy (it used to be extremely welcoming).  Food quality has been inconsistent.  It's a shame, because I want to keep on loving this place.There were quite a few reasons why I could not give Cheu a five-star rating but it does not include the food. First, Cheu is a small location. There are only three tables crammed into a small nook which should onlyt. Second, VERY limited seating. Therefore, this place does not offer reservations, except in extreme cases, and seating it fills up fast. 
However, the food does come out at a fast rate so I cannot see why anyone would want to eat, relax and talk for a bit. The noise level is rather loud and the music does not help in that aspect. 
Besides those little annoyances, Cheu does offer delicious ramen that is worth the wait and crammed area. The secret lies in their small menu that is precise and allows to make ramen a specialty. I tasted ramen from other restaurants and the menus tend to be huge; lots of combinations, food seems rushed and put together; but not here. 
The slices of brisket in my ramen was lean and non-fatty and the broth was absolutely delicious. Cheu does offer apps as well but you can feel up on the ramen alone; but if you must try an appetizer try the Garlic Wings or/and the Pizza Dumplings.
Back to the ramen! I added an soft boiled egg that perfectly complemented the noodles and a Spiked Juice w/ Rum to top it off. Although the noodle bar is pricey the tasty and satisfying dishes makes it worth the investmentMe and my girlfriend are considering making this our regular spot.
Pros.
The ramen is great! The wings everyone is talking about are so delicious. I'm hoping to try everything on the menu. 
It's cute no seriously the only way I can describe this noodle bar is cute its like if a bunch of american teens got together and opened a noodle shop cute. I like that I can also watched the chefs make the food if I am at the bar it makes the experience a bit more interactive, I know I'm reaching but it's honestly like watching the cooking channel and them handing the food to you when its done.  
The drinks are daring and cool looking, okay im not much of a drinker in fact I prefer for my drinks to taste like anything but alcohol but still they are great to look at. 
Cons.
It's a little tight. But in today's economy most new restaurants are and I'm here for that. So leave more good reviews and hopefully in enough time they get a bigger spot.
This is more of an unpopular request but maybe a sake lemonade or sangria for us sweet cocktail lovers or a sweet cider on the beer menu. 
It's a little pricey for ramen I say that only because I realize that I pay so much because I need an appetizer with it or I won't be full. I always leave wanting more food.I would have given this place 4 stars had it not been for 2 things that really bothered me. So background to how we came up to this place.  Came here with my boyfriend when we were in Philadelphia for a business trip. The place is small and cozy. When we got there, it was 9pm and had been walking around in 20degree weather, so we were down for something warm. Here is where half a star leaves the rating. The hostess did not look like she wanted anyone coming in. She had a little attitude when she told us to stand by the ramen wall. When seats were available, the hostess took her sweet time cleaning up despite people waiting to be seated.  I understand the place is a little cramped but it does not take 10mins to clean a table, especially if the table is literally 3x3. The waiter and waitress were wonderful and after we had ordered I was watching the chef cook.  The other half star for the following: The entire time the chef was cooking, she would pull her phone out and text. That's disgusting! She wasn't wearing gloves also. The chef is picking up up ingredients with her hands that she just used to text and puts them into the bowls they're serving! Now onto the food. My bf and both got the miso ramen with the spicy bean paste as an add on. The broth was good but after adding the spicy bean paste and mixing in the egg, it got creamy and even better.  If I was back in Philadelphia, I might consider coming back but probably if it was a last resort.Cheu has really come into its own. When I was last here half a year ago, I was less-than-impressed, but this time, the staff was friendlier and the ramen was close to perfect.
We came for a late lunch, minutes before they were supposed to close at 3pm. The waiter still good-naturedly accommodated us, providing fast and attentive service. 
The noodles were chewy, and whereas last time they were a little clumpy, this time, they were perfect. The broth was not too salty and somehow managed to be full flavored and (refreshingly) light at the same time. The meat was meltingly tender, though a little broken-up for my tastes, and the soft-cooked egg was perfect.
We also ordered a special grapefruit juice, whose tart flavor complimented the ramen and served nicely as a palate cleanser.
After eating ramen, I often fall into a sodium stupor and feel mildly ill for at least half a day, but after Cheu ramen, I felt pleasantly full. The attentive service and delicious ramen made for a much-improved experience.Cheu is awesome. The brisket matzo ball pho is unreal and the buns are phenomenal. Go here now.Amazing restaurant near the Jefferson school/Center City. Their dumplings are so good, as well as their cheeseburger buns. My favorite entree to get is the Coconut Curry noodles with the addition of Pork Belly. Oh my god I think I'm going to have to get some now!i love the decor, i love the vibe of this place!! but noodles..? eeeehhh 
here's what they seriously messed up on-- serving a bowl of noodles (to me) that's not piping steamy HOT!! and people might think "that is so trivial.." NO! b/c of this.. my bean sprouts did not cook.. keep in mind, my egg was also only half cooked.. the high temperature of the soup was supposed to complete the cooking when served.  #2, i gradually slowed down my slurping toward the 2nd half because it was getting cold and frankly, it just wasn't too appetizing anymore..  there were other things that bothered me too like how little soup they gave you lol.. but i'll stop here so i don't sound like a complete jerk.
so being #12 out of 50 on foobooz, i was holding a certain level of expectations..  i see lots of potential here and i did have a fun dining experience with my friend.. but i rather take my money else where.. 
on the plus side, i did enjoy the dumplings (braised ribs with eggplant)-- it's always a plus when i can taste what they say it is inside lolThis delicious ramen really warmed me up! I had the miso ramen and I loved the flavor profile of the broth. The noodles were tasty and the picked vegetables added a great contrast to the heartiness of the broth that kept the flavor balanced and not too savory. I also added on the black garlic wings because they were having a lunch special (add an app for $4). I was not a huge fan; even with lime juice sprinkled on the top, the fry on the wings was too heavy for me; I wonder if they were twice-fried? While I appreciated the crispiness, I would pass on these the next time around. I would add a caution that the restaurant is small and filled up for weekday lunch by about 12:15; they only have 4 2-person tables, 1 4-person table, and then the seats at the bar. However, this is a great place to come for a solid bowl of ramen, especially if it's cold outside.Ordered the coconut curry ramen and it was so delicious. The broth was extremely flavorful, and savory. Party in my mouth!On a cold night we found this gem in Philly and we had some of the best ramen ever. I love the Jewish fusion with ramen, it combines some of the best elements of cookings of two cultures together. I wish we had a restaurant like this in NC I sure would have been a regular.LOVE this place!!! The food & atmosphere are incredible. It's so Philly... if you are a local you have to try it out to see what I mean. Oh & make sure you order the Brussels sprouts as your app & the coconut curry ramen as your dish-- my personal faves! :)I grabbed some lunch with co-workers here and we were all very satisfied with the decision. The meal was absolutely delicious and service was pretty fast. My only complaint is that the portion size for the dumplings is a tad small. Other than that, I'll be visiting them again in no time. I recommend the Hand Torn with an egg. It's pretty incredible.Stopped in for the brisket ramen bowl and was not disappointed. Definitely practice your chopstick skills before stopping in. Great options and easy to make modifications. Small restaurant with limited seating so if you have a larger party beware.Ahhhhhh this place is so good! Yes, it's small and there's usually a wait. But it is so worth it. 
The noodles are never soggy or over cooked. The broth is flavorful. The ingredients are fresh. You get generous portions of meat. The menu is varied. The service is friendly. The food comes out quickly. I have no complaints except that I wish I lived closer!looking at the reviews you would think this place is exceptional. I walked in to a super tiny hipster restaurant with staff who don't smile.... and a very tiny menu with nothing special. this place is absolutely not even close to being authentic. Food was just okay. Next time i'm hitting up a real ramen place in Chinatown.Not sure why it's so popular.. the happy hour is not bad but all the female servers there were just so unpleasant..... went in for ramen another time and there were barely broth in the bowl and the ramen is def not worth the price... won't recommend going..Loved this place!! I miss this place already, and will def come back next time I am in Philadelphia. The ambiance is really cozy and the decor is very artsy.  The noodles are really flavorful and yummy.  I had the szechuan noodles, chili oil dumplings, and wings! They have a great selection of drinks and make juices too.I love ramen. I make my own ramen at home. No joke. Ramen is a staple in our lives. I was not a fan of the brisket ramen we got. The noodles were good. The kimchi as well. The brisket was tasty. But the broth. The broth. The broth is what makes a great ramen and it was overly smokey. It robbed all the other ingredients from shining thru.I came back here for another try after the thrillist list of the top ramen places in the US placed Cheu's Shortrib and Matza Ball Ramen near the top. 
We started with the Hawaiian Poke which came with small fresh cubes of tuna with mango and some sort of vinegarette. It was tasty and very refreshing.
So the ramen itself was pretty amazing. I ordered it with a soft boiled egg, which was prepared weird. I would've preferred the Japanese style, but it was like a poached egg or something. The broth was rich and hearty, the short rib cooked and seasoned to perfection, the veggies were nice, the noodles were a great consistency, but my only qualm was with the kim chi or pickled cabbage. It was bad kim chi, if that's what they were attempting. I would have preferred they that they didn't attempt it if it was going to be such a poor copy. It was just sour, the spices weren't right. I mean I guess they get some credit for their attempt, but the execution was poor.It was a very snowy cold day and hot soup was the cure. Heard a lot of buzz about this place since they're opening a 2nd restaurant in my neighborhood on E. Passyunk. I got the Braised Beef Noodle Soup that contained a Matzo ball, different touch that I liked. The broth was spicy and delicious, drank every drop. Wifey had the curry soup and she enjoyed it. Chicken wings won a award and deserved it. Crispy and flavorful. I would definitely return again.This was my first experience with Caviar's delivery service, who during what I thought was a busy time for Cheu (I walk by all the time, and it's always packed), delivered it in 22 minutes when the estimate was an hour. Crazy! The food wasn't bad, but I hope it's better when you eat in. One day I'll go back and eat in, but not any time soon.
I ordered the al pastor dumplings and the miso ramen.
Dumplings: You get five. They were a lot smaller than I imagined (like WAY smaller), but it's very interesting to basically put al pastor tacos (my favorite) into dumplings. They were really good, but way too small to be charging $6. 
Miso Ramen: They send the broth separate from the rest, wrapped in saran wrap to ensure no spills, which was cool. The noodles were a little stiff and stuck together, and there was hardly any meat. This is unacceptable for a whopping $14 (I've had a comparable bowl that was way better and had thrice as much meat as Cheu's for $9 in Chinatown). If this were $8, I would ignore the hard noodles stuck together in a ball and no meat, but for $5 more than the other guy who's better, Cheu is being held to a higher standard.
I expected more from Cheu after everything I heard about it. Even if they don't care about the quality of delivery orders and only put effort into eat in orders, this place is way too expensive for what you get. You could find better ramen for cheaper elsewhere.I think this place is the bees knees. Their food is inventive and wildly tasty, the atmosphere is super cool and casual. Cheu is a bright spot in the neighborhood and started to become my go-to though I haven't been back in a while. Last time I was in, I ordered a bowl of ramen and a Sapporo after a particularly long day at work. The purple-haired waitress dropped the bowl in front of me, I thanked her and then as I shoveled noodles into my face and tuned into a book, I heard her talking some shit about me to her coworker. As a tenured service industry employee, I completely get venting about work or even about customers who are jerks but since I was minding my own business and close enough to hear her rag on me, I was perplexed. Then, when another man came in, angling for my seat, the same server looked at my full beer and half full bowl and told him that I'd be leaving shortly which was glaringly inaccurate and made me feel super rushed. It is highly likely that this woman is a lovely human being and was just having a bad day but the random meanness hurt my feelings and made me a little gun shy about going back despite the killer food stuffs.This is my favorite ramen spot I've found to date. I'm a big ramen fan and I travel a lot for work so I'm always trying to scope out new ramen places in different cities. Cheu is the standard I use to compare all new spots against. The wait is rough but well worth it. We've usually put our name in, headed to a bar for a bit, then come back. While I've tried several of my friends' bowls, I can't help ordering the miso ramen every time. Their broth is really something special and the pork belly melts in  your mouth. Definitely a don't miss if you're a ramen fan in the Philly area.My initial excitement soon soured.  THERE WAS A HUGE ROACH IN MY FOOD!  How does one even handle that situation?  I just left because I was embarrassed for them. PATHETIC.This place was recommended by our Air BnB hostess. The food is delicious! My husband and I each ordered the lunch combo, which allows you to choose a snack/appetizer if you order a noodle bowl. The watermelon and feta salad was very tasty, and the yakisoba noodle bowl was a big hit with my husband. The servings are huge! I had my leftover corn noodles (with tomato and arugula) for dinner. Overall, great tasting, high quality food for a very reasonable price!This place was really good. I got the Greek sausage dish and it was an interesting blend of Japanese and Greek influences. Would highly recommend this dish.
Haven't been back to try others yet, but I will! 
Only down fall is its a very small menu.This place is so cool... I had the brisket and matzah ball ramen which had a flavorful broth and a little spice to it. Then I had the spiked juice of the day which was Asian pear and vodka... They pour healthy shots here so be prepared!Wow! My husband frequents Cheu on the regular and I finally made it there last night and am so happy that I did! From the vibe of the place to the service to the food, everything was awesome! I recommend checking out the Yakisoba noodles.This place is pretty expensive for a bowl of ramen but IT DELIVERED. I ordered the brisket ramen with the kimchi. I am not a huge kimchi fan but it was not overpowering and was a great addition to the ramen. These bowls are filling and I couldn't even finish mine. Fantastic on a cold day.Lied to, our wait time more than doubled. Had a child waiting as well. When I asked why it doubled the hostess ignored me, when asked again she said the manager would speak to me.
I've eaten here a few times, very aware of the long wait times but doubling from 20 to 45 mins is absurd especially with no explanation.
Food is awesome and worth the wait but not worth rude costumer service.
We did not stay. I hope some one addresses the inconsistencies and lack of customer serviceZThis Ramen will bring you back to life whether you're starving, hungover or just in the mood for trying out new dishes.
The place is small and there is limited seating so beat the lunch crowd by getting there a bit before noon.
The menu is comprised of an eclectic mix of flavors that confirms that fusion cuisine is nothing but brilliant goodness.
Try their staple Miso Ramen and you will be hooked on this place.Gross permutations of ramen. I would just go traditional with the ramen joint in China town. This is coming from someone who has been to ramen places in Tokyo and Fukuoka. I don't understand the hype about this place. 
Whatever you do, do not order the cold ramen. I tried it and it was absolutely awful.
Very disappointed.The dumpling of the day was chicken and watercress and not very good. We ordered two different noodle soups. The miso broth was pretty good though I didn't really like raw veggies in the soup. The other noodle soup we got (brisket) was terrible- no flavor at all.I had great expectations for this place and they did not disappoint! Everything we tried was so full of flavor.  The staff is just as amazing as the food... very attentive and concerned about your satisfaction. CANNOT WAIT TO GO BACK!!!Good flavors but WAY too salty and pricey. And the portion at the new Cheu Noodle at Wholefoods is ridiculous for the price.My roommate and I went last night after reading about it on Thrillist- we usually go to Nom Nom Ramen. We arrived around 8 and were surprised we had to wait 30 mins to be seated. We sat sat the bar which was awesome! We first ordered the dumplings (beef that night) and they were excellent. We added in more oil that was on the bar- game changer, it was so good! We then both got the brisket ramen, because it's what Thrillist told us to. It was a 7/10. The brisket had a huge layer of fat on top, which turned me off. There was also some sort of pickled cabbage or something that I could do without. The broth was awesome and the noodles were great. Overall, I would go back if I was around that neighborhood.Went to Cheu Noodle Bar for first time yesterday.  Was a decent place. I got the Crispy Sweet Potatoe Rangoon which was excellent! Also had the Miso Ramen which was decent.  The area is pretty small and there is no where to stand while you are waiting to be seated.Cheu is my favorite spot to get noodles in Center City! It is on the smaller side inside so at times I've had to wait for a table. Each time however it is worth the wait. Highlights at this place are the Miso Ramen and Brisket Ramen. The broths on both are so flavorful. This is the type of noodle place to play Blink 182 one day and Notorious BIG the next. They are really doing their own thing and I think that's what makes the place so unique. Plus they do serve alcohol. Reasonable price for great noodles!Here are the go-to's:
Dumplings
Kimchi Burrito
Yakisoba
All three of these had interesting bold flavors, that I would totally come back for.  As for the ramen, I give it a 3 star rating- I've had my fair share of mind blowing ramen (Ippudo NYC) and I don't think it stands up to it.... but I'd totally come back for the 3 items above as these were totally on point.Awesome beef ginger  dumplings awesome wings awesome broccoli with soy sauce peanuts and Vietnamese sausage awesome ramen and hand drawn noodle Soop great service every time can get tight (pretty much always is tight ) but music is on point juices and beer are spot as well ... Great spotI finally made it to Cheu last Sunday and couldn't be more pleased with my experience. Knowing it is a small place, Cheu was chosen off the "to eat" list because my boyfriend and I were both starving, but it was around 3pm. I thought it would be a good idea to go on an off time, and it was perfect. Everyone else was right- it is small. However, it is also so much cuter than I was expecting! The mural wall with bright colors and dangling Christmas lights gave a very endearing feel. We were so pleased to be offered bar seats too, so we could watch all the chefs in action.
After reading so much about the black garlic wings, I was bummed when my boyfriend begged to order the fries to start. However, this disappointment quickly faded to joy when I tasted the fries. They were perfectly cooked and covered in miso aoli with shredded tuna flakes on top. Sounds weird, tastes ridiculously good. 
We split the miso ramen bowl and the brisket with matzo ball. I loved that this place was unauthentic, especially since you are unapologetically warned of this fact on both the menu and the website. All you traditional ramen haters can go eat at your traditional places because I haven't had a noodle bowl this good anywhere else in Philly! I liked the miso broth better and the pickled veggies on top were divine. My advice: add a soft egg to anything you order! Yum! We slurped down every bit of both bowls, even with sweat on our brows. (If they have air conditioning here, it definitely wasn't on...).
The only negative I have heard prior that deterred me was that there weren't any hot noodle bowls that were vegetarian. However, there was definitely one on the menu, and the option to add tofu too. So maybe some things have changed, or maybe my roommate just wasn't reading the menu closely enough... who knows. The bottom line: Cheu, I love you.Spicy Tuna Tostada and Black Garlic Wings.... YUM!! Definitely the best items under Small Plates.
Pork Pizza Dumplings were alright since I tasted more dough than the meat inside.
Brisket Ramen tasted okay too. I had high expectations because Brisket and Ramen are both on my top 5 but the broth needed to be hotter and noodles tasted like Top Ramen.This place is worth the wait! The ever-changing dumplings dunked in chili oil are flawless. The chicken wings are also something I order nearly ever time I go. Get the hand-torn noodles or matza ball brisket soup! This is a place where I bring out of town guests- a small hole-in-the-wall cafe they wouldn't stumble upon themselves.Everything here is exceptional.  The only obstacle standing in the way of me giving Cheu 5 stars is their slightly hefty price tag.  A bowl of Ramen, no matter how exceptional it may be (and everything here IS) shouldn't cost upwards of $15.  That being said, it is absolutely worth every filthy cent.
Although truly everything is incredible, your order for 2-4 people should consist of:
1 pork belly bun
1 mushroom bun
special dumplings of the day
black garlic wings
sour broth- pork ramen with a pork belly and egg ad-on
Miso Ramen
Hand torn- with lamb's neck and an add-on egg
If you're an industry monkey like me, go on Mondays, they give an industry discount!  Great fellows doin' great food.  Beer selection could improve a little, but it's satisfactory overall.This tiny spot on 10th street is pretty cool and captures the noodle vibe well. Staff, ambience, music and everything else - great.
Black Garlic Wings w/ shishito peppers & herbs - this is how I fantasize wings to taste in my mind and lives up to all the raves. sharp asian spice profile with some lime tang, I have never tasted anything like it. A personal favorite, shishito peppers, are yummy to eat as well. I was a bit confused about if I should or should not eat it, but it tasted fabulous, so why not ?
Fish Ribs -w/ charred corn, tamarind & herbs - The corns were crunchy and fresh. Im a sucker for crispy fish skin however the fish aspect of this particular type of fish was entirely too overwhelming for me personally. So be prepared !
Thin egg noodles w/ egg, matzo balls & chile broth - The quality of the brisket is phenomenal and cooked to perfection. The broth is spicy and well seasoned w/ generous serving of noodles. Who knew a delicious matzo ball could compliment the whole dish so well. Also that matzo ball was no joke. Loved it. However, the spoon that comes with it is a tad awkward to eat out of. They need a different one thats more easier to eat with. 
Hand Torn noodle w/ lamb neck, pickled mustard greens & dates - This was my second favorite dish after the wings. The lamb melts in your mouth and its texture compliments the wide noodles perfectly. Lucious and a mouthfull that is bursting with complex flavors of spice, tang and sesame. The pickled mustard greens cuts the richness of the lamb perfectly. 
They also have a good list of beer and limited, but nice liquor list.I literally can not recommend this place enough. I came in skeptical about their 13 dollar ramen. (I have a general rule about spending over $10 on lunch.) But good lord. I went in at 1:15 and the living room sized restaurant was packed. There was one seat left at the end of the bar which is the main feature of the restaurant and the best seat in the house. It is incredible to watch the cooks and servers work together, I have never seen a team more in sync. And then there's the wonder twins. One is a cook and one is a server and the girl next to me thought she was going crazy. I have Kyle (the server wonder twin) as my server. He was great, very knowledgeable and fast. 
  Now to the food. Hot damn. This ramen. I got the miso ramen and it was perfect. The noodles were perfectly done and the ingredients melded perfectly. The broth wasn't too salty and had an excellent flavor with the brisket, cabbage and seaweed. 
Just overall a great experience.Cutest little noodle shop in the city. The food is cooked right in front of you. Its fresh and the staff are great! Got the dumplings (which the filling changes depending on the day), the Black Garlic wings (which are AMAZING). 
I havent even tried the noodles here, but I cant wait to be back so i can!!!We went on Easter. It was a beautiful day, and they had the entire front open. The service was great. Two lovely young ladies. It's a cute, small space. We got the Brussels sprouts, and the Brisket, and we loved it. We ended up sharing it because they've got big portions. The music was fantastic.I've dined in twice and got take-out once. BRISKET NOODLE (matzo ball, brisket, kimchi and sesame chili broth) GET THIS. It's SOOO good!! 
My noodle standard is pretty high and the noodles were cooked perfectly, not too much and not too little. Brisket is soft, tender and just DELICIOUS. Broth is also perfect. I also tried adding an extra egg for $1 which is a veryyy good addition. Just do it!! The portion is real nice too but there's also an option of adding an extra noodle for $2 that I might try next time to prolong my period of bliss. 
I've tried the award-winning black garlic wings as well but I didn't really understand the hype and what was soooo special about those wings, however. It was decent but not the best I've ever had. So 5 stars for the noodles and 3 stars for the wings! 
This place is pretty small so the wait can be a while since everyone wants to come eat here... but it's sooo worth the wait! My take-out experience wasn't as good as dining in; they still packed my noodles to make sure they didn't get soggy but something about it wasn't the same... Maybe the temperature of the broth, and the lack of chili pepper and the spicy/sriracha sauce they have there.It's hard not to pay attention to Cheu, not only are they a block away from home, if you like them on FaceBook, they tell you what they are serving for lunch, what they are serving for dinner everyday. The menu changes all the time, there are specials, there are events. You get a sense that the place is really happening. Especially the lunch post makes you look forward to dinner all day, it's a catch all. The fact that the place is still packed 4 months after its opening is a testament on how well the place is doing. 
I might have given an unfair review to Cheu last time, because they really just opened and haven't really gain a footing yet but what I like about Cheu is that they are continuously working on refining their dishes while trying to be consistent on service and quality. They have a liquor license now, which I'm sure makes everybody happy. The weaker dishes gave way to new innovative dishes. Portions seems to be slightly bigger and more satisfying. I find the willingness to please their clients impressive. 
I haven't tried all their new plates yet, since the menu change everyday, I have to time my visit but what I've had are pretty good. The fish ribs has become one of my all time favorite dish. Crispy skin with a slightly sweet tamarind glaze, while the skin is crispy the meat is not dry, it's perfectly cooked. Just take out the few bones and chomp down on the whole thing. My plate came with some awesome charred corn Elotes style, which I understand they are so good that they are now its own appetizers. 
I thought the scrapple was so good before but now they have added a mustard sauce with sweet cubes of melons. It does elevate the dish to another level. The mustard added some acidity and the melons added a great sweet contrast. Pig tails are nuggets of goodness, they reminded me of Chinese BBQ ribs except with smaller bones which makes them fun to nibble.
I thought the dumplings were ok, the stuffing changes everyday so some days you'll get better one than others. Since most people come in pairs, how about serving 4 instead of 3? I'm a little torn about the Jade noodles, I like the composition but I feel like it's missing a wedge of lime or a pinch of shredded red pickled ginger for dimension's sakes. 
Service is still impeccable. I'm very happy to have them in my neighborhood. I'm eager to come back for the beef tongue fried rice, cross my fingers that it comes back soon.I'm gonna have to disagree with most people including my Yelp friends (yikes!) and say that I really didn't care for this place. I came here with my boyfriend and a couple friends for dinner one night recently, and sadly we weren't impressed. I'm a big fan of Asian noodle soups, so I was really excited to try this place, too! 
I got the coconut curry noodle soup which sounded promising. The curry broth flavor was initially pretty good, but it was soon overpowered by the huge glob of peanut sauce they put in the bowl. In general, I like peanut sauce but I found the flavor combo really weird, and the peanut sauce was thick and jelly-like in texture, which I found gross. I ate about half of the soup and then gave up. My boyfriend and another friend ordered the brisket soup. Neither of them liked the dish again due to the "off" flavor. My other friend who ordered the hand torn soup did enjoy her meal, though. 
On to the drinks...I'm not a big fan of canned beer to begin with, but I figured I'd give a new one a try. They have several options, but I didn't find any standouts on the list. I  decided to go with the Brewers Art brown ale which I found to be super bitter. I wasn't excited about any of the other beer options, so I decided to stop there. One of my friends didn't like the beer she chose either.
Also, the place is quite small and only has a couple tables up front, so the four of us had to sit side by side at the bar. It was hard to have a conversation with the whole group because it was pretty loud in there. 
Overall, I was just disappointed because I've heard so many good things about Cheu. Given my experience, I probably won't be back. I will just have to stick to the more traditional Asian noodle soup places that I love!Awesome noodle bowls. Chicken wings and brussel sprouts were delicious too. Nice drink selection with good service. Only downfall is it is very tiny.Definitely a hit or miss kind of place. Because I live close by, I always take my friends here for a bit of Asian fusion instead of making the trek to Chinatown. I feel like half the menu items are amazingly delicious (such as the Fried Chicken Tantan) and the other half is very mediocre (Coconut Curry Noodles). Cheu has a modern Asian vibe with some cool artsy decor scattered throughout the small interior. It's always been crowded when I've gone, so expect to wait no matter what time you stop by. Here's a quick summary of my thoughts:
(+)
-Fried Chicken Tantan - unique, warm, soupy goodness
-Crispy Sweet Potato Rangoon - so good, you'll want to order more
-ambience
-noise level
-prices are pretty fair, considering the location
(-)
-some of the food like the Coconut Curry Noodles and the Brisket Ramen (unremarkable)
-service is sometimes harsh since it gets so crowded
-wait time
-crowded interior - you're going to be pretty close to all of the other dinersAmazing food, fun vibe, and very friendly staff!! I have loved coming here for a long time, but recently I have been even more impressed by them. I have several food allergies, and I found this place to be very allergy friendly! I am not sure if they are accommodating to all allergies, but they have a list prepared explaining which options are safe or not safe with certain food allergies, which I thought was very thoughtful :)This restaurant is small but have stylish set up. Looks decent and vigorous. I had a Sichuan spicy fat noodle. It's not authentic Chinese food but it was made with Sichuan chilly paste I can tell. It was very delicious. Good choice for a cheat meal. The ramen we had was also tasty, soup was legit. Great experience. Definitely come back next time in Philly!This place is amazing!!! Everyone must try the matzo ball with brisket noodle soup. The brisket is super tender, the meat just falls apart after you put it in your mouth. The slightly spicy soup seeps into the matzo ball giving it the most flavorful taste. Lastly, the noodles were perfectly cooked. It was al dente and not too soft like most Asian noodle soups. (It was so good I forgot to take a photo!) 
We also had the dumplings in chili oil - reminded me more of a ravioli than a Chinese dumpling, but I loved it! Wasn't too spicy and the dumpling skin was nice and chewy.
Another dish we had and of course, loved, was the pork belly rice bowl. It's a katsu so the pork belly is slightly breaded and fried. Oh my, the pork was sooooo tender. The sushi rice they used paired perfectly with the pork and the katsu sauce they used. I'm drooling just thinking about it. If you get this dish, I'd recommend adding some of the hot chili oil they give you on the table. Gives the dish a little bit of a kick.
I'm definitely going back to this place!This place is small and intimate, but overall I enjoyed it. I had the brisket ramen and it was really good. The brisket itself was pretty tender and flavorful. The broth was also full of flavor. I wasn't a big fan of the Matzo ball in the brisket ramen, just because it is rather large and overwhelming. It kind of tastes over the rest of the bowl. I preferred putting the Matzo ball on a side plate and eating some of it with my ramen. The ramen noodles itself was pretty good also but probably not my favorite. Overall, this is a good place for a quick Ramen fix!This place is pretty small. I got the brisket ramen. The brisket was tender and tasted pretty good. I did not enjoy the Matzo ball in the ramen. The broth was pretty good. It says the brisket ramen would be spicy, but it did not meet my expectations.Love Cheu.  Always tasty, service is great.  I work nearby and come here for lunch frequently.  The dumplings are great.Discovered this lovely little restaurant today. Went in for lunch during a super busy Valentine's Day weekend. We were able to get seated right away at the bar. Ordered pizza dumplings, brisket ramen, and coconut curry with fried chicken. Had to add a lot of the spicy oil to make it spicy enough to our liking but definitely left more than satisfied. Would love to come back again to try out other dishes.- TIP:  Their hand torn noodles are back -- available on Sundays with a different spin each week.  
- CON:  Just wish the hand torn were still available all the time.
- BOTTOM LINE:  I returned to Cheu after giving them a 3 star review a couple months ago. Since then, they've brought back a key menu item (hand torn noodles on Sundays) and the rest of their food & service was back up to the standards that made me love them in the first place.Was really looking forward to coming here, but just wasn't that impressed with the food.  It was okay, but I think there are much better options for ramen just a 10 minute walk away on Washington Ave.  The waitstaff were all very friendly, and the place has potential.A great place to get ramen in Philadelphia.  I have tried a bunch of ramen places in NYC and this is on par with them.  Tried the standard miso ramen and the broth was extremely flavorful and delicious.  The base is the key to good ramen and this places knows there stuff.
We had also started off with the dumplings in chili oil, the night we went featured a beef / pumpkin / squash combo that was delicious.  The pumpkin / squash cut the richness and was a perfect compliment as a filling.
Service was very good.  Staff was very friendly and attentive.  Venue was pretty small but there are plenty of bars in the area to visit while you wait.For apps I had the black garlic wings and cauliflower Rangoon's. Amazing flavor. My main dish was their brisket ramen, the beef was so tender. Definitely will go back again!One of my favorite places thus far. Traveled all the way from CT and can't wait to come back for noodles. Everyone was so friendly. Gluten free options as well as vegan!On a Friday night at around 8PM, the place was a bit busy.  Luckily we were able to wait at Locust Bar and they called us in about 30 minutes when there was a table ready.  The service here was fantastic- the waiter was super chill, like an old buddy you'd grab a beer with.
I loved my brisket ramen that also came with kimchi and a perfectly cooked matzo ball.  The brisket was super tender and the broth was quite flavorful.  The chili garlic wings were also fantastic - crispy and huge.  My boyfriend got the spicy crab noodle special they had which I didn't like as much.  The noodles were thick chow fun noodles that were sort of clumped together and the broth tasted like a vat of chili oil.  Next time I'd like to try the more traditional miso ramen though- I was lured by the excitement of the non-traditional brisket ramen this time.Cheu Noodle Bar
PA Philadelphia Washington Square West
7pm Friday 23rd October 2015
Four Stars
The place is small, hip, and crowded. I put my name on the list at prime time Friday night and it was only a 15 minute wait. I enjoyed an Anderson Valley Gose ($5.5) outside on the sidewalk while I waited. I sat at the bar. I ordered a Miso Ramen ($14) which is a dollar increase from their website. The broth was light but packed with nice salty and umami flavors. The thick curvy noodles were undercooked a bit but not unenjoyable. The egg yolk was a perfect velvety texture and white was just solidified. Plus the seasoning on it was on point.  The braised pork shoulder was not very fatty but nicely rendered with nuances of smoke and salt. It was warmed under a broiler and topped with a barbecue-like sauce on it. There were not any sea beans but some sort of pickled cabbage. The raw bean sprouts were a nice pho-like touch. 
Overall, the service was friendly and great. The food was prepared with consistency and care. The price point was reasonable.Popped in here to grab lunch at the bar shortly after noon and luckily for me this place was not crowded. Staff was incredibly friendly and I ordered the Miso Ramen with Greens (extra $). The Miso broth could have used a tad more salt but I found the noodles to be a good chewy, enjoyed the sauce on the tender pork shoulder and the marinade on the greens, and the egg was poached perfectly. I wish I had more room to try additional things but this bowl of ramen was very filling!! I enjoyed sitting at the bar, watching the chefs at work, but the space is really, like really, small. And they take credit card.Vibrant ambiance, great food, and good people. The only downside was that I would've liked the broth to have been slightly warmer. Other than that, all the flavors were spot on.I brought my family here whenever they came Into town and they absolutely loved it. We got the wings and ramen noodle bowl. I can still taste that delicious meal. I will be going back very soon because it was that good! Friendly staff and informative.Three stars, because the food was not that good, I went there because it was mention on a food magazine. Just average, but the service is really below average. Despite the fact that is a REALLY small place.If you can get an egg on it... get an egg on it.
I've never had a bad thing here. When the Fishtown one opens I will be promptly gaining 100 lbs. 
The Super Gogeta of noodles - power level 2,500,000,000 - The Ultimate FusionOur meal:
Apps: 1) Dumplings; 2) Cheeseburger bun; 3) Pork Belly bun
Entree: 1) Brisket Ramen; 2) Spicy Shrimp Ramen
The Pros:
- Egg: Cooked perfectly, runny in the middle. Just the way I like it!
- Noodles: I loved the chewy texture of the noodle in the Brisket Ramen and the al dente texture of the Spicy Shrimp Ramen. 
- Atmosphere: Cool and edgy. Good music playing in the background. Servers were very nice and friendly. 
The Cons:
- Noodle to Broth Ratio: Very disappointing. Both our ramen bowls needed more broth. I've tons of ramens in my lifetime. The one thing I always make sure I do is to make sure I have the right noodle to broth ratio.  
- Spice level: Both ramens claimed to be spicy, but I think Shin Ramen is spicier than these bowls.For a person who loves Asian cuisine but doesn't eat seafood a good-to-me ramen/hot pot/miso is hard to find. This place delivered, and then some, with their fusion flavors and crafted menu! Caters to all crowds and the food was just superb. 
Rave review:
Staff - so friendly, so helpful 
Atmosphere - fun, hip 
Food - MOUTH-WATERING 
Other diners - chill 
One caveat; not good for groups.Was pretty blown away by this place. The space is teeny, and we were nervous that we would have to wait at prime time on a Saturday night. Due to the holiday season or otherwise, we sat right down at the bar. Staff is super friendly and helpful, and the dcor is awesome.
I started with the Spicy Bulleit, which was inventive and paired perfectly with the meal. We started with Pork Belly Buns, Dumplings in Chili Oil, and the BBQ Pig Tails. All of the appetizers were phenomenal. I was seriously blown away by how delicious everything was...the pig tails especially were super tender, fall off the bone, with a perfect barbecue-y sauce. We then split the Miso Ramen and the Hand Torn noodle bowl. Both were very rich and tasty.
Everything was so unique, and the place really has a personality. A great melding of Asian and Jewish flavors. Will be back for sure!With all the hype I was hoping to eat some Ramen that was extremely delicious. I will admit it was very tasty, but I was disappointed in the amount of choices I had. I eat everything from beef to seafood to veggies, unfortunately my girlfriend doesn't and ordering for a person who only eats chicken and vegetables; Cheu falls a little short. I ordered the lamb noodles and ordered the pork shoulder ramen without the pork for my girlfriend. We both enjoyed it however the pork ramen was very bland so we had to add a healthy serving of Sriracha to make it to our liking. 
This place is good if you're a full on carnivore like myself, alas I now have to be more selective on the types of restaurants I choose when I go out my girl. It sucks!!! Anyway sorry for getting side tracked. I had to give it a 3 just because of the lack of menu choices and vegetarian options.Dropped in Cheu on a Sunday afternoon and had no wait.  Enjoyed the Mojo Pork Dumplings while they prepared our ramen bowls.  The dumplings were outstanding.  The Miso Ramen and Brisket Ramen bowls we had were very good - rich in flavor, spiced just right, unique sauces.  Cheu is a funky place with a young, cozy vibe.  If I lived in downtown Philly, Cheu would be a weekly visit.Delicious ramen, duh. The dumplings (whatever the special is, just get it) were also tasty.
The place is very, very small - I'd call it cramped - so be prepared. There's also often a long wait, though I was there on a Tuesday night around 6 pm and was lucky to get at able for two without a wait.
Only other negative is I do think it's just a tad overpriced. I mean, it is still soup and noodles (with perhaps a little protein), so leaving down over $20 for a soup and a few dumplings is a little more than I would've liked. 
But it's by no means not worth it - if you're a ramen fan, or are thinking of trying it, Cheu is a fantastic choice.Great place.  Not a ton to it, just a noodle bar done right with innovation and little pomp.  Price is right, food is delicious, service is great.  Broccoli and brisket noodles are musts.Quirky place with really good ramen! Got the miso ramen which was excellent.  Every component of the dish blended well together but was also good when eaten individually.
I went right before the dinner rush (~4pm).  Perfect timing if you want to avoid the dinner crowds.
"Weird" decor. Good music.Yay! I'm a fan, but not of their prices and cramped space.  We opted to get ramen for dinner in the city.  This was our first time venturing for ramen.  I hopped onto yelp and decided to head over here.  I remember reading about this place on foobooz before so i was curious.  Plus it seemed more fun than the other ramen places.  It was almost a perfect night.  We got parking right across the street and seated immediately at the bar.  Sad to say i kept on bumming elbows with the woman next to me.  I wish there was a bit more elbow room.  Note to the owners: elbow room is a necessity when eating noodles!  Just try eating with your elbows tucked in, not so fun eh?!?  Also, i would have to minus points for the bartender.  He served me a flight of the sake (one was soju).  However, he did not shake the sake.  It was a nigori, i mean how could he not know.  Sad to say i just let it go, usually i would have mentioned something but it was just a shot.  Okay i've vented.
We ordered the mung bean and the chicken bun.  Both were delicious and the bun was not of the white dough kind that was expected.  This one was more of the brown flakey kind.  Nevertheless it was good and i would order it again.  They did forget to bring out the special cheeseburger bun that the bf ordered.  Next was the garlic flavored wings.  The carnivorous bf devoured it.  I had the smoked fish ribs.  This has got to be one of the best thing i ever ate.  It was a paku which is a cousin of the piranha.  The dish was very flavorful. The skin was crispy and perfect.  It was definitely a party in my mouth.  We ordered the pork and miso cod ramen.  The cod was cooked perfectly with a little crispness.  The noodles were cooked al dente, it was great.  The broth was mediocre, i'm trying to remember it but there was really nothing memorable about it.  The bf finished his bowl completely.  
Yikes! we got the bill and for 2 people it was about 86 with tip.  What a pricey ramen experience!Go to a traditional ramen place instead! This place is overrated. I don't get how people love this place. Don't waste your money or time here.
I had the miso ramen and it was sweet! I never had sweet miso broth before. The sweetness drowned out the miso flavor. Even the pork shoulder had a sweet glaze on it that did not appeal to me and I didn't bother to finish the pork shoulder. The noodles were hard, clumped together and I didn't get enough broth with my ramen. Good thing I was very hungry, otherwise I wouldn't have finished eating the miso ramen. 
This place is also expensive for Philly. The miso ramen is $14. This is Philly not NYC. I have paid ~$15 for good ramen in NYC. 
I also had an unimpressive sangria...small glass filled with mostly ice for $10. 
The decorative lights made it feel like it was Christmas. 
I will definitely stick to traditional ramen places.Cheu's has to be one of the top 5 meals I have ever eaten.  Everything about this place is amazing, from the food, to the service, to the signs in the bathroom.  If I didn't live 600+ miles away from here, I would be here at least 2-3 times per week.
My dining companion Liz and I set out on a mission to try as many items as we could in one meal.  We succeded. We ended up enjoying the nightly dumpling special (among the best I have ever had), the broccoli, the black garlic wings, all three of their buns (get the pork belly), the Boloanasian, and the brisket (complete with a matzo ball).  To top it off, they have daily, fresh pressed juice concoctions that you can easily throw a few shots into.
Each dish was just as amazing as the last. Of all of the great eateries in Philly, this one shot right to the top of the list.tried the vegan coconut curry noodles and was disappointed. the variety of vegetables, portion size, flavor. the whole thing. 
not terrible, but definitely not great, and not worth the price.My favorite place in Philly! very small menu but EVERYTHING is amazing! I love the Yakisoba bowl with lamb sausage! I get it crispy.
Great ambiance - cool art - nice bathroom
Great servers and amazing ingredients!Cheu is a restaurant with a really cool vibe to it. The space isn't that large, so it's probably not ideal for large groups.
From 5:30-6:30 they do a happy hour, and the cheaper drinks and appetizers are definitely a good deal. We split wings from the happy hour menu and they were a good choice--super flavorful.
I got the brisket ramen, which was really good. The broth was rich, there was a lot of meat, and the kimchi added some spice. The matzah ball had a great melt-in-your-mouth texture. I thought it was overall a tiny bit too salty, especially the matzah ball, but it was definitely yummy.
Overall I really liked the feel of the restaurant and the food was great. I would definitely go again!I've been there for several times and was still amazed by how good the Sichuan fat noodle is! I had it with pork shoulder(the noodle itself is vegetarian). The sauce was very flavorful, a bit spicy, and all ingredients are well stir fried together.  I always go with the brisket ramen and it was certainly delicious but I'm the biggest fan of Sichuan fat noodle from now on. It never disappoints me to try their seasonal special so it's always worth going back.Just had s fabulous late night supper... Not only was the food incredible but the service was warm and friendly. I can't wait to return!Cheu Noodle Bar serves unapologetically inauthentic ramen. The atmosphere is edgy, if a little try-hard, and the food is pretty decent. 
I'm not sure if the whole disinterested hipster vibe translates well to service - our waiters were present, if a little robotic. They would stop by to ask if the food was "delicous," then slide away before we had a chance to really answer.
The miso ramen was surprisingly tasty, though the broth was a little thinner than I'm used to. The meat was fall-apart tender, the soft-cooked egg was perfect, and the noodles were chewy, if a little underdone with a few clumps where the noodles had stuck together.
The curried egg and rice dumplings were not my favorite. They were somewhat lacking in flavor - to me, they tasted like some yellow rice wrapped in thick dumpling skins. The wings were a good balance of sweet and salty, though I would have liked a little more sauce. Some of the pieces had barely any sauce and ended up tasting like fried chicken.
The teas were pretty good, though the hot ginger-honey tea tasted suspiciously similar to the ginger crystal tea mix I buy at Chinese supermarkets.
All in all, I like that Cheu experiments with different flavors, using Asian cuisine as a springboard for creativity rather than a box within which all dishes must be contained. That being said, our dinner was a bit hit-and-miss and didn't leave me with any strong desire to come back.Small place and good luck finding a spot to eat on a busy day. We had the garlic wings, beef special dumpling of the day, pork belly bun, ramen miso bowl and crab broth noodle soup.Do not quite understand the hype about this place... Ordered their famous dumplings in chili sauce, wings and ramen and was all okay. Still prefer Nom Nom's over this :\This place is my go to place when I'm looking for comfort food. I'm vegetarian and always get the Coconut Curry and the Samosa Rangoon's. It's hard to find a place that has a vegetarian base when it comes to Ramen. Last time we went they switched up the menu and the Ragoons were made from Cauliflower which I didn't not like at all. I can't wait for the samosa ones to come back in season. Cheu is my favorite when it comes to noodles.Amazing!!! We ordered almost half of the menu and every dish was delicious!!! (Wings,Brussels sprouts ,dumplings, tuna tostada and a couple different ramen) Service was fun & friendly. Can't wait to return!! Keep it up gang great job!!Pork was great in the miso ramen, broth was okay. Matzo ball was great in the ramen, brisket was not so. Brussel sprouts were nicely fried but too sweet for me. It's a cool place, nice set-up. I would expect to pay about $20 per person, which makes it not a regular place to go. I wouldn't go back because the places in NYC are the same price but a lot better. Well, I'll go back if you're paying....Not great. Not terrible. It's ramen, can't go wrong with it. A bit expensive for ramen in my opinion. 
Ambiance and decor is really trendy and kind of funky cool.Overall 4 stars, but the brisket noodles itself would have been 5!! Started with the beef dumplings in chili oil, potato latke and mushroom bahn mi sandwich. All of them were decent nothing too spectacular.
The brisket noodles were GREAT!! The kimchi was spicy and the dish had the right amount of sweet, sour, fat and flavor. The matzah ball is an interesting part, not sold on it but give them props for going with it. Meat was cooked perfectly and highly recommend this dish. Small place so get there early or you'll be waiting.Alittle disappointed with the food. Service was slow and alittle lacking. Lets talk about the food. I had the mini pork belly burger or bun. That was a rendition of a bun mi... Not so good. Bread was crispy but flavor combo was blend.
The chicken wings were ok. Served with cilantro and sesame seeds were ok.
I got the pomegranate mint tea. This tasted like the tazo tea packets. Guess, I drink alot of tazo stuff. Lol
The miso ramen was alittle blend and cold. My soup was subpar and just ok. I have had ramen else where and it was delicious. I was really hoping this place would be just as good but was disappointed.
I did take a sip of my friends curry chicken ramen and it was just ok.
Wish my review for this place was higher in rating but the food was just ok. Nothing bad but nothing great.Truly a special place! It's hard to elaborate much more on what's already been said, but  the hype is justified. Fantastic ramen, dumplings, and other Asian-inspired cuisine.  It is not "textbook" style and doesn't claim to be; I'm glad they have their own takes on every menu item. The prices are amazing, as well. My girlfriend and I usually order 2 appetizers, some noodles with multiple add-ons, and a beer or two, and we usually average around $50-60 for a very satisfying, well-portioned meal.
The restaurant itself is very small, so don't come expecting to easily fit a group any bigger than 4. There's a fairly long bar with about 10 seats, with tightly packed tables in the corners. It's best as a "table for 2" spot to enjoy one-on-one conversation. 
I appreciate the staff's friendliness and speed in even the busiest times. They're all willing to assist and help with any requests. Don't let the wait times deter you - you may find yourself being told that a table will take an hour or more during dinner hours, but head around the corner to Strangelove's or any other bar in the immediate area and grab a beer for the wait. It is worth it.Even for a non-wing lover the wings are absurdly good.  Enjoyed the vibe, throw back hip-hop, tattooed servers.  My short rib ramen bowl was good not great but other than how busy it was on a weekday evening, it was a very good spot.I love local gems. Matzo and brisket ramen and wings were the delicious. Can't wait to go back.My friend and I decided to check this place out one night after hearing many good things. Oh what a disappointment it turned out to be.
I ordered the Cold Sesame Noodle which came out first. First bite, bland. Mixed it around some more to blend in the sauce. Second bite, bland. Had to add in some spicy sauce to help myself finish the rest.
My friend ordered the Yakisoba. He said the noodles were oily and bland. I was thinking to myself what's going on here?! I tried the noodles myself and indeed it was another bland bowl of noodles. Sigh.
Cute, small place. Service is average. Atmosphere is chill. Food is just bland. Sad to say that we were not impressed w the food and don't think we'll be back again.Flavorful, steaming hot and non-generic; everything a roman bowl should be. I got the Miso Roman Bowl for lunch in the Philly Whole Foods. The pork shoulder, broth, half a soy egg and black garlic was the perfect combo. Highly recommend, even for the $14.Not sure what all the hype is about. They succeed at being different, but not being flavorful. We had the dumplings in chili oil, the miso ramen, and the brisket matzo ball soup. The dumplings were the best and most flavorful part of our meal. The meat in the noodles were both very good but unable to compensate for the lackluster broth. All in all, our meal was not bad, but just not memorable either. There are way better options in Center City, especially with Chinatown so close by. The miso ramen brought me back to memories of my days in Japan eating $3.50 bowls of ramen. And even those had more flavor.As someone who loves noodles, ramen, pho... I can't say I can understand the hype about this place.  It's got a good vibe and the place seems to always be packed, but the taste and pricing don't jive with the ratings.  I was really looking forward to trying out this neighborhood joint but after 2 visits, I cannot say that I would visit again anytime soon.  The last lunch visit our group's bowls were all quite salty (and they were different orders/dishes).  The salt dominated so heavily that adding a bowl of hot water didn't improve any and it was hard to enjoy even on a hungry stomach (btw, I think they were insulted that we thought it was so salty but that's what it was.)  this would mark the 2nd time I thought my ramen was too salty (2nd time topped the first).
The hipster interiors is vibrant, but if you sit at the corner of the bar table, be ready to be interrupted constantly and bumped on by people trying to get by.   The salt was unfortunately too unforgiving for me, eventhough a little extra salt is my personal guilty pleasure.We ate at Cheu Noodle for the first time last week. The place is small (10 seats at tables and maybe 10-12 seats at the bar) and it is a popular place but tables turn quickly. The energy is great, and the food is really good and affordable. My husband and I split these dishes: Lamb neck noodles, Chinese sausage and beef dumplings, Charred Brussels spouts. Each dish was tasty and well-prepared. They only offer one kind of beer on tap, but it was very good.
We will definitely go back.this might be my favorite place in the entire city.  anything and everything is stellar.  go early, wait for an hour if you have to.  this is the way food should be made.
the ONLY thing I would note is the extraordinarily cramped seating...however, the food STILL makes up for it and it deserves 5 stars anyway.Food was great. We had the black garlic wings(which were apparently Best in Philly), pork belly sandwiches, brisket noodles and hand torn noodles. The wings were lightly fried and packed with great flavor. Pork belly sandwiches were small but were decent. Each sandwich is essentially a two-bite portion. Brisket noodles were really good. The broth had a nice spicyness to it. My wife loved the hand torn noodles.
I'm a fan of the food but I am not a fan of how cramped the place is (as everyone else has mentioned). I was constantly having people bump into my back while sitting at the bar. Not a huge deal as I am still giving the experience 4/5 stars.
The servers and staff there were accomodating, friendly and knew the menu well. Dustin took really good care of us.Love the quaint atmosphere. There's usually a bit of a wait, but it's so worth it! I am gluten-free and a vegetarian so I always go with the coconut curry bowl...DELICIOUS with the right amount of heat. My friends always enjoy the other dishes on the menu as well.This place is really good but it is a tight squeeze in there. It is almost always packed. Their menu is simple, yet delicious. I really enjoy their french fries!Got the Brisket Kimchi ramen, the worst ramen I have ever had, tasted like watery kimchi soup with instant noodles. 2 stars because everything else other than the ramen was good.Came in for lunch with my husband, he works at Jefferson which gets him a 10% discount which was a plus! We got the pastrami dumplings for an appetizer, they were very fresh and tasty almost like a Reuben in a dumpling. For lunch I had the miso ramen, noodles were the perfect texture broth was flavorful and the pork was amazing. My husband had the steam yakisoba which he really enjoyed. Beer selection is lacking but okay, two beers on tap. We will definitely be back!The Burger buns are amazing.  I didn't even know you can make beef taste so good.
Their dumplings are delicious.
The Miso Ramen was okay.
The bill does rack up.This place is a little iffy but I'm giving it four stars for a couple reasons: 1) Coconut curry noodles are GREAT. So delicious. 2) Happy hour. The $6 special happy hour cocktail is a really good deal in Philly and it's been awesome both times I've been here. Other things: My bf was not a fan of the brisket ramen. I thought it was ok, but it didn't blow my mind. Go to a real ramen place if you want real ramen. I got the sichuan spicy fat noodles another time with a friend, which were good, but the tofu in them was eh. Coconut curry noodles were much better. My friend got the special, which were dan dan noodles. Good, but such a small portion compared to my spicy noodles, it was bizarre! The wings are good, and so are the corn rangoons. Good prices on apps for happy hour too. Come during happy hour, get an app, the coconut curry noodles and the cocktail (my fav one that they had was a black currant mojito). You won't regret it.Small space but very cozy and great music playing. I enjoy they're happy hour wings definitely worth stopping by. Next time I will be having some of they're ramen I'll leave a review for that once I do. 
- NotTheChefRamseI came to Cheu Noodle Bar after seeing it on a list of must-eats in Philadelphia, so I had really high expectations for this place!
When I walked in, the ambience was pretty much what'd you expect for a Saturday night, with groups of friends sitting at tables and parties of 1-2 sitting at the bar. The wait was initially quoted as an hour, but someone finished up early and I only waited about 15 minutes to be seated. 
They had an interesting selection of beers and cocktails, but I wasn't thirsty so much as hungry so I passed on the drinks. The menu was very simple and straightforward, and I ordered the crab broth noodles and dumplings in chili oil. 
The dumplings in chili oil came first, there were 4 cute dumplings in a small bowl. They were very tasty, but were different than what I was expecting. Growing up in Asia, dumplings usually have higher fat content and are easier to chew, but I guess the meat in these dumplings were leaner and took a bit longer to chew through.
The crab broth noodles came shortly after, and I must say I was pretty disappointed. I passed over the miso ramen for these noodles, and the soup in this broth was a bit spicy and sour, but wasn't as brothy as they claimed. The hand-drawn noodles were quite tasty and bouncy, but to me they were ruined by the broth. 
Overall, I'd give the dumplings a 4, the noodles a 2.5, and the overall experience a 3.5. If I do come back next time, I'll try the miso ramen instead!Came for a little late night dinner after a long day of homework. Got the spicy crab with the hand drawn noodles and an added an egg. Excellent! The broccoli appetizer was excellent as well. Great service great food and awesome music.. Can't go wrong! Definitely coming back!This feels sacrilegious, but I can only give Cheu 4 stars instead of the 5 I so badly want to give it. To be clear, many of Cheu's dishes are at least a 5/5 and to this day, it remains one of my favorite restaurants. So why the beef? I've had a number of dishes over time that simply haven't been at the high caliber I expect. Particularly, given my satisfaction at Bing Bing, I'm surprised that many of their dumplings are not as bold and scrumptious. I thought their wings also were good but not great. Now thats off my chest, there is so much cheu does right. Their miso and matzah ramen are staples and should be added to the food pyramid. Follow them on instagram for new menu additions, because some of their specials are unique and unprecedented in true definitions (as opposed to my usual hyperbole). 
Pro-tip: order takeout!Outstanding little find in Philly. Here for the DNC and staying in an apartment on the corner of 9th and Pine. Walked nun this place and decided to drop in. Wow...am I glad that I did! This place is fantastic. Ordered the Feta Watermelon salad, Yakisoba and the Black Peppered Wings. Every item was as tasty as the next. Lunch hour closes at 2:30 pm and reopens at 5 pm for dinner. Go...you won't be disappointed. Yummmmmm!This was the best restaurant experience I've had in recent memory. I went on Tuesday evening with my boyfriend. There were no tables available, and they said it would be a 15-minutes wait, and we were welcomed to wait near the bar, but I felt like we'd be in the way since the place was hopping. They took my number and we had a beer at Varga while we waited. Within the next maybe 10 minutes they called to say the table was ready. Every interaction and every morsel of food was amazing. Kudos to our server Emmy for being awesome. We ordered the broccoli, the dumpling special (pork and beef in chili oil), the pigtails, and for noodles we got the short rib and the miso. There's not much point in describing the taste of each except to say they tasted  amazing. Emmy made a point to tell us that there are best sellers, and then there are staff favorites. Go with the staff favorites.Very good. The wings were very tasty and the matzoh ball brisket ramen bowl was pretty amazing. The pork belly bun was good too, but it is not on the traditional bun and was on the smaller side.All hail Cheu, king of trendy-asian-inspired-foodstuffs in Philly! 
Between this spot, Bing Bing, wholefoods, and the new Fishtown joint, there's no escaping the expanding domain of Cheu.
Thankfully, they dish out awesome, creative food and drinks that I'm happy to have near me at all times. 
OG Cheu Noodle Bar is pretty small inside, but there is quite a bit of seating packed in there.
Highlights: Noods! Try them all! And don't sleep on the specials, they're usually on point. 
Pro tip: don't be afraid to order ramen (or any other dish) to share. They'll happily bring you extra bowls, ladles, and tongs. Divide and conquer!Fun place to grab some noodles and a drink.  The food ranged from good to great.  Mushroom noodles were tasty but over salted.  The poke bowl was good, but too much mayo for me.  Fantastic brussel sprouts bowl with nice sweetness from the ponzu. Will return.This is a great little whole in the wall and while they don't have much seating, you get to have an excellent experience once you are able to sit down! 
The server was excellent and even though she could have been a bit more attentive, she was very nice and made good recommendations.
Appetizers:
The wings were great overall, although I really wished they were a little spicier to balance out the sweet.  I will probably ask next time I go, as they seem very willing to customize to your liking.
The dumplings in chili oil were just awesome, the day I went they were beef and long hot as the filling and I could have eaten twice as many.
Noodle Bowls:
The Coconut Curry was very good and at the recommendation of the server I added pork shoulder (which wasn't an option on the menu but was only +$2).  I thoroughly enjoyed the dish overall and would happily eat it again.
The Sichuan was quite good and very spicy!  I warn you now, do not get this unless you like spicy, it is almost to the point where it over-powers the other flavors (it probably would for many).  This dish doesn't really have a broth to speak of, just lots of hand torn noodles.
Highly recommended and I will absolutely be returning.Lovely atmosphere and our server was excessively friendly but the food was lacking.  I was with a friend from Japan and she didn't give it the nod either.  I had the Soba noodles and they were very greasy.  Her hubby told us afterwards that the Miso is supposed to be good but neither of us had it.Went here with no expectations and was blown away. My girlfriend recommended we go and I gave her my enthusiatic "meh, whatever" typical response. Went on a Sunday around 7pm, maybe a 15 minute way to get in. We got almost everything on the menu, I'll list everything we got in order from best to worst (not that anything was bad but some things were better than others).
1. Wings
2. Pork Belly Bun
3. Broccoli with vietnamese sausage
4. Poke
5. Hot oil dumplings
6. Spicy crab broth noodles
Our waiter was really helpful and great to chat with. Recommend sitting at the bar because you get to watch two amazing chefs work like a well oiled machine. I'm currently in a severe food coma and I couldn't be happier.2nd time there..it's great.  easy take-out option is a plusMy lady friend gets in these "soup and noodle moods" where, God help me, I'm eating soup and noodles that night or I ain't eating. Last night I ate soup and noodles. I guess it's called ramen. Well holy Jesus I'm going to be the one in the "soups and noodles moods from now on!" Because it's just that good. Look I finished it all in about ten minutes and said "I shouldn't have eaten all those noodles" but I couldn't help myself. I was controlled by the magic contained therein. The English language doesn't provide the proper vessel with which to convey the miso ramen to your primitive brain. All jokes aside people, go eat this stuff to improve yourself even if just for a few minutes before you return to your Weltschmerz.I've never been to a noodle bar before, but I like ramen, and had about half an hour to kill, so I went in.  The set up was cozy - with an open kitchen and the noodle bar right up against it.  The prices were center city prices ($13-18) for a main course.  I got the miso ramen.  The noodles were more al dente than I like, but the portions were generous, and I ate almost my whole bowl!  The egg was amazing - literally - a day later I'm still thinking about how perfectly it was cooked.  The broth had chili flakes in it which wasn't a spicy spice, but added a little bit of zip. 
I got my food in no time flat, and was able to finish it in the time I had.  The wait staff was pleasant.  The cooks were professional.  All in all it was a good experience.
Note to readers: If you have misophonia and slurping is your trigger, don't go here.  The lady next to me was two handing her utensils (a spoon in one hand and chop sticks in the other and slurped her entire meal - no matter what or how she was eating.  Not everyone has the skills to eat food like this quietly, and I don't want you to not be able to enjoy your meal.Warm, comforting ambience. Delightful, knowledgeable staff . Great service and the food is delicious!!!!!Major Key Alert!!! Like Ramen? Come here, end of story. 
Seriously though, Cheu Noddles is the best ramen place I have ever been to. I usually can't finish a bowl of noodles but I finished it ALL! 
Before arriving, I was hoping they had hot sauce because the last place I went to didn't and my bowl needed it. However, at Cheu I had the Coconut Curry Noodles and I never had to use the hot sauce. I even added shrimp and it was perfect. 
The vibes were super chill and they were playing popular early 2000s music. The place is very small and the wait for us was 40 minutes for dinner but was completely worth it. Oh and the service was great. Definitely try this place out; you won't regret it, especially during this snowy weather.Awesome!  Just had lunch at Cheu and it was sooo good.  Had the special, pork belly, mushrooms in a chicken/pork broth.  The service was spectacular.  I can't think of one negative thing to say about this place.Plates: Beef and Rice Dumplings with Miso Ramen Bowl and Brisket Bowl.
Really enjoyed the service we had here at CheU as it was our first time here. The food was very delicious and different really than anything I've ever had before. The service was wonderful, the workers were really good at making you feel at home. The only complaint I had was that the atmosphere was very cramped and you had to push yourself between chairs to get to your table. Other than that, my experience here was a wonderful one and we will definitely be back in the future. Also, I absolutely loved the way that the restaurant looked, it was very unique and artsy.Everything from the atmosphere and drinks to the food was phenomenal. We got the riot punch and the gin blossom which were great. The execution of the really unique grilled scallion rangoon filled with goat cheese was on point! I'm not usually a goat cheese fan but loved the spiciness and flavor. The vegetarian coconut curry noodles and vegetarian yakisoba were so good, even as leftovers the next day! Definitely my favorite noodles I've had in Philly so far!Really the best ramen I've ever had. Definitely not traditional, but very delicious. The flavors were wonderfully put together even as strange as the combinations were at first glance. Matzoh balls and ramen?? Who would have thought. 
Every thing we had here tasted great. The Brussels sprouts, brisket ramen, wings, and squash wontons were ALL so good. Everything had such a modern twist on tradition. 
Service was quick and even though they were SUPER busy (even on a Monday!) we were seated in a few minutes and it's a small place. 
We're visiting family here for the week and they recommended this place. They said they come here ALL the time, and I don't blame them!It's an interesting spot, quite small and noisy but colorful and cozy. Reservations not accepted but we didn't have a problem finding a table for two on a Tuesday night. It was a very small table. Service was very good. Drinks (limited bar but nice selection) arrived fast. They serve food as soon as it's ready so not everyone will get food at once. Menu is short and every dish is interesting. Now, watermelon appetizer was out of this world, very very good. Miso arrived room temperature and we went it back...it came back not much warmer than in the first place. It was a bit too thick. Lamb sausage noodle bowl was very greasy and saucy with burnt 5 tiny pieces of sausage.....noodles on their own were very good. That's about it.I came in for lunch around 1:00 in the afternoon on a Monday. It was really busy, there was a wait to sit and I didn't realize it was so small inside. I decided to just order soup to go. Personally, I thought it was way too stuffy in there.. I honestly don't know if I could comfortably sit and eat a meal there.. Especially at the bar. I ordered their brisket and matzo ball soup in a chili broth. It didn't take me long to get home, so everything was still hot. The brisket was wonderful.. But everything else fell short. I really didn't care for the noodles at all.. They seemed stuck together and not properly made.. It reminded me of tagliatelle pasta I make at home before I learned how to properly execute the process. The broth was weak in seasoning all together. The matzo ball took on the flavor of the broth so i didn't really care for it. It was really disappointing after so many good reviews from friends.. Maybe their recent increase in popularity is making their food quality and consistency suffer? That being said, the staff was very nice and I got my food quickly despite how busy they were. I always give places another chance, so I'll have to go back a few times and perhaps edit my review.. Although, I can assure you I will be taking my food to go.Rarely do you find somewhere that you can categorize as 'noodle fusion', but look no further for Cheu is the answer to your 'noodle fusion' dreams. 
The most apparent fusion, at least for myself, comes in the form of Jewish comfort food. The brisket and matzo ball noodle soup is unbelievable, the matzo ball rivals my mother's, which is sort of a big deal
When you go, I encourage you to get at least one order of their dumplings. Hopefully you get lucky and they're the brisket, onion, date (the notorious b.o.d). Then move into an app like their renowned chicken wings or pig tails. Then get your noodle on and go crazy. 
Enjoy the great atmosphere and bumpin sound track with a cold Tsingtao or jasmine mint iced tea while you wait.... You'll probably have to wait. You should wait.I'm a bit of a ramen snob so seeing this place on a ton of "Top Ramen" posts online, I had to try it. I guess it's my Asian roots coming out, but this was a little too far fetched for me. Don't get me wrong, I enjoyed my meal but I thought it was overpriced and over-hyped. I wouldn't return for the ramen any time soon. 
I got the Brisket Ramen (aka char siu ramen with kimchi), my boyfriend got their special Breakfast Ramen (aka eggs, bacon and mini waffle), and we split the Honey Garlic wings. Let me start off that I'm a little obsessed with their wings. I think it was double fried so it was super crispy and the meat was juicy and tender. The sauce was a tiny bit too salty but overall the appetizer was amazing and worth the $10 I paid for it. My bowl of ramen wasn't bad but definitely not worth what I paid for it. I thought the brisket (still char siu) was cooked really well and I appreciated that they gave a decent amount. Again, I didn't think it was bad, just that it wasn't amazing. My boyfriend thought his was barely average and was sorry that he fell for the waffle gimmick because at the end of the day, it was a basic bowl of noodles/eggs/bacon and a random waffle thrown on top of it. The place was really cool with a graffiti wall and hand drawn cartoons everywhere but small and packed with people in beanies and beards.Brisket. Ramen. When they let you put fried chicken at the bottom of the bowl....Life.Nom nom I love slurping noodles here because it offers a unique twist on the normal ramen. It's a creative asian fusion place - had the caramelized rangoon and pizza rolls and chicken tan tan ramen. RAWRRRRR!!! GOOD DEAL !!!What you have here is the lovechild of two obvious nerds.
Equal parts dedication, curiosity, humor, food science and a downright disregard to convention, this place is to Asian food what Tired Hands Brewing Co. is to beer.
Meaning, it's fairly apparent after spending just a few minutes inside that it's their weird world -  you're just living in it.
The staff is fast-paced, fun and very open to being actual humans if you care to engage them (that is, of course, if you're into that sort of thing). The music is always good, loud and fitting (how often do you get to enjoy 'Po' Folks' by the Nappy Roots while crushing a bowl of pork shoulder and ramen noodles?).
The drinks are nuanced. And after having sampled nearly everything on their menu at least once, it wouldn't be hard to share specifics as to why this place deserves such unabashed praise for existing. But then again, why take the fun out of it? 
Every inch of this tiny, bustling, cramped-as-hell space screams "Hey! We give a shit about what we do!", so go experience it already. Leave your expectations on the curb. Forget everything you just read. Try and find a seat. Order a dish or three. Drink a beer. Shut your f*cking mouth and eat the f*cking magic.
Oh yeah, and don't fall asleep on their rotating list of housemade juice. It doesn't get a lot of attention living under the shadow of their foodstuffs, but it damn well deserves some.
Real life is happening here. It's palpable. And it's awesome to see so many people clambering just to bare witness.My boyfriend and I decided to try all the ramen places in the city and compare them. After reading all the dope reviews we were hopeful. We came with 2 other friends and not one of us thought it was anything special. The wings were a little better than average. The miso ramen was bland, and so was the brisket broth (although the brisket was alright), and I'm not sure what they were even trying to do with the Bolognasian. And I love watercress! The drinks were again, too pricey for what it deserves, even in Center City. All for of us left disappointed that we spent the money on such a big letdown. So to sum it up, this place is boiled down to one word. OVERRATED.This place never disappoints. It's tiny so don't come with more than 4 people, but I recommend solo or as a pair. 
The star of the menu is the black garlic wings- sprinkle the lime juice, it just opens up all the flavors. I think the dumplings change by the season bc I had what I think was pea or edamame filled dumplings. They weren't memorable. 
All the bowls are spectacular. I always ask for extra broth and my favorite go-to is the coconut curry (I add in mushrooms). The brisket ramen is very heavy but worth the food coma that follows. 
Don't come wearing your favorite shirt. The miso bowls are true to form- messy when you slurp them up!Great costumer service always compels me to write a review! I've experienced this at both of these restaurants cheu and bing bing! There was mix up with my contact number so my wait to eat here was bit longer than it should have been. The hostess was apologetic and also buttered us up with free dumplings when we sat! 
The food is amazing here. Can't go wrong with anything on the menu. Great staff, clean and super cool vibesWow, this was amazing. Probably not "authentic", but ridiculously good. I had the noodles with beef brisket and matzoh balls...who knew they make such a stunning combination? Others in my party had the miso ramen and the coconut curry - all equally delicious. But perhaps the star of the show were the dumplings. Ah, the dumplings. I don't know how to begin to describe them...like no other dumplings I have ever had. YOU MUST TRY THEM.
BTW, this is a tiny little hole-in-the wall place on 10th between Spruce and Locust...they don't take reservations so go there, put your name in, and walk down the street to Varga bar to wait it out. Or order a drink and stand in the ridiculously narrow passage between the kitchen and handful of tables at the front of the restaurant.Love this place! Great food and great staff! I love going there when I am in Philly! Their food is always delicious, and the staff is top notch! I recommend it highly for people who love great food in a cool atmosphere! Can't wait to go back! Our server Nicole was super! The rest of the staff were wonderful too! Go and try everything! It's super delicious!!!Cheu!!! My boyfriend is obsessed with Ramen, so naturally we had to try Cheu. 
My only complaint is that the space is very small and tight with little seating. But, it kind of adds to the place's charm.  I love the decor, very artsy and aesthetically pleasing. I also love that you can watch the cooks prepare the food.
As for the food itself, I was kind of skeptical. I wouldn't classify myself as a picky eater, but some of the combinations of items in their bowls was not what I would normally choose off of a menu. So I tried the BBQ chicken bowl. I was pleasantly surprised. It was beyond delicious. The noodles weren't heavy and it was a perfect portion. I was pretty stuffed a couple bites in. I really loved the BBQ sauce they used. The combo of that and the veggies they included kept the bowl very fresh too.  I wasn't disappointed at all !This place deserves a solid four star, which is pretty good considering the fact that most Asian-fusion restaurants that I've been to are, in my opinion, REALLY bad. 
Most of the appetizers on the menu are very good. I would recommend: 
Tomato + Watermelon salad 
Black Garlic Wings 
BBQ Pig Tails 
Crispy Rice Cakes 
I've only had the ramen, so I can't really say much about their noodles. The ramen is very delicious; the broth is rich and, unlike many noodle bars, not terribly salty. The pork is nice and tender, and the raw egg is a nice touch. 
Their freshly brewed iced teas are also good. I had the Jasmine Thai-Basil tea; a bit too subtle for my taste but nevertheless refreshing. However, they could have put the iced tea in a bigger glass, or maybe refill it. 
Service was also really good. Both attentive and friendly.
The food is not exceptional, but I would definitely go back.I left Cheu with a bad taste in my mouth, though I can't say it's the fault of the ramen. Dealing with an unexpectedly warm October evening, our initial plans of "warming up with some yummy broth" were not necessary, but we had a craving, and the only thing that could sate my buddy and I was ca-noodling at Cheu. We strolled in around 7:20 and the place was nowhere close to full. There were about 3 people at the bar and two sitting down, so we were immediately seated at the window. The inside of Cheu is warm and welcoming, the chalkboard showing off the daily specials (tea, beers, food, etc). A carafe of ice water was brought to our table, menus placed in front of us, and we were excited for a night out.
Cue when things took a turn for the questionable. I'm not sure if this is standard fare for Cheu, or just due to being a little bare bones, but we had two servers visiting our table periodically. I initially thought maybe one would just be to refresh our water, but they (a man and a woman) would follow after the other often less than a minute behind, asking the same questions. 
"Have you decided on a drink?" ..... "Can I get you ladies some drinks?"
Wait. Didn't I just tell that guy we weren't ready yet?
"Can I get that plate off the table for you yet?" (Oh, no, we're still working on it, thanks.) .... "Hey, want me to clear that plate for you, girls?"
No, we haven't even taken another bite since that lady stopped by... what is happening?
If they looked even moderately similar, I'd have felt insane deja vu that would've suggested that I, too, was insane.
As far as food goes, we enjoyed the shaved kale with dates, pepitas, and cheese curds, coconut curry (for my vegetarian pal) and classic miso ramen with pork shoulder. The curry was spicy and delicious, heavy on the broth and the heat. The more classic-style ramen was definitely jonesing for a little kick, added with chili oil and sriracha. Our duo of servers were attentive, almost to a fault. Like... interrupting us to check in, desiring seemingly bite to bite updates. That being said, the bites were quite tasty. The pork shoulder was a little tough, but otherwise all quite good. We enjoyed our cans of beer and our food, which was swept away immediately the second we finished our food. Our male server came over to let us know that, despite receiving our check, "No hurry though, take your time."
Five minutes later, the moment after we placed our card down for the check, the female server came over and, despite our earlier server letting us know "no hurry" she  told us, in no uncertain terms, that "because we have a waiting list, we need you to leave the table."
Ex-SQUEEZE ME? WHAT IS HAPPENING?!
Shocked by the sudden change in what we were supposed to do, we left, my friend just barely finishing the last of her drink.  I felt like this behavior totally ruined the experience for me, which was not going too poorly up to the point. But now, whenever I think of Cheu, I won't remember the ramen slipping through my chopsticks or the curdy kale. I will remember a rude, confusing waitress hustling me out the door as soon as we put down our tip. 
If I had the ability to take the tip back and reduce it, I would.FANCY NOODZ
a short poem
so typically 
i like my noodz fast and cheap 
exception for cheuFor the price, it's a decent cultural exploration into an odd style of dining. The restaurant is very packed even at off times sure to a lack of seating, and the tables are so small you'll kick the person across from you at least a few times. The food itself is an interesting mix of American cuisine and Asian culinary style, which provides a fresh experience, but the novelty end quickly as you realize the dish lacks both the true flavors of Asian and doesn't stand out as the best brisket you've ever eaten. All in all the restaurant wasn't a bad place to eat, but it's refusal to conform to the authenticity of its adopted styles is both its selling point and its downfall.Great fusion restaurant! My husband and I lived in Tokyo for 3 years. We LOVED the ramen here! It's not "authentic", but it was sooooo good. The noodles were authentic and perfect, and the broths were interesting. I ordered the coconut curry, which was the perfect taste of Japanese meets Indian meets Thai meets peanuts. I don't know how to describe it, but I will totally be dreaming about it until I make a return trip. My husband ordered the miso ramen, which was a lot more authentic than what I ordered. Add an egg and tofu for further authenticity. We loved the gyoza - a lemongrass fantastic take on the original. Worth a try! Beware that the restaurant is *small* and you may have to wait for a table of seat at the bar. Trust me though -- the wait is SO WORTH IT! Even the drinks were good.The ramen noodle was cooked right.
The broth is way too salty. 
Another "Asian-fusion" restaurant to trick you westerners into thinking you are cool you had authentic ramen. 
So if you are familiar with real Japanese ramen, you might be disappointed.This place is absolutely wonderful! Not only is it aesthetically pleasing, the food and service were also great. The Yokisoba noodles are a much more delicate and sophisticated take on what you think of when you see the item at grocery stores; it is very special. The service was caring and attentive but not overwhelming. I am going to make this one of my regular places!Loved the brisket kimchi ramen but I would recommend substituting the matzo ball with an egg! The matzo ball is made of matzah meal (unleavened bread customary to Jewish culture), and made the ramen meal heavier than it needed to be (more carbs).
Cheu Noodle Bar has a great collection of cheap, unique beers - great for the wait at this tiny restaurant!Went here on a Sunday around noon as it was opening and there were already a few groups waiting outside. They had some pretty great drink specials (both alc and non alc beverages that were delicious.) As a vegetarian I was happy to see that there were a few options on the menu. I initially wanted the yakisoba but I got the coconut curry noodles because it's actually a bright soup dish unlike the yakisoba. The coconut curry noodles were yummy! The noodle and the flavor were both good, but I've definitely had better ramen. I really appreciated the great service, so if you're looking for a nice ramen place in the neighborhood this is a great spot.I really like this place. Their Thai squash noodle soup is really fusion done right. I also love their bolognese noodle. The best part about their restaurant is the atmosphere. You sit at the bar you see the actions and the bar tables have a hook underneath for your coat (to which I exclaimed they really thought of everything!!)While I found the food at this spot very good I was very disappointed with the service. The food came out quickly, which I guess is a good thing but it was a little too fast for me. And then I had planned on ordering a tea or some dessert but about 15 minutes after we received our meals the waitress just handed us our check without asking if we wanted anything else. Then she kept coming by to see if we had put down a credit card. Eventually we caved, I think  the entire dinner took us less than 45 minutes. Personally if I'm paying more for a dining experience I would have expected more than feeling like we were rushed out fairly soon after we arrived.It's an interesting spot, quite small and noisy but colorful and cozy. Reservations not accepted but we didn't have a problem finding a table for two on a Tuesday night. It was a very small table. Service was very good. Drinks (limited bar but nice selection) arrived fast. They serve food as soon as it's ready so not everyone will get food at once. Menu is short and every dish is interesting. Now, watermelon appetizer was out of this world, very very good. Miso arrived room temperature and we went it back...it came back not much warmer than in the first place. It was a bit too thick. Lamb sausage noodle bowl was very greasy and saucy with burnt 5 tiny pieces of sausage.....noodles on their own were very good. That's about it.I had a positive experience at Cheu Noodle Bar, but for me, it did not live up to the hype. As others will surely tell you, do not expect anything similar to Japanese ramen. As my boyfriend and I are Japanese, it was very difficult for us to divorce the idea of a bowl of noodles from ramen, so perhaps this was the reason I cannot give Cheu a perfect rating. However, it's definitely an adventurous time.
We ordered the beef dumplings, Brisket noodles, and the Spicy Shrimp Broth noodles. The dumplings had a wonderful gingery bite and the chili oil was not too strong. However, I would remove the fried quinoa if I could as they tended to get stuck in your teeth and linger in your mouth far longer than the enjoyment of the dumpling.
The soup of the brisket noodles had strong hints of Korean cuisine and was flavored similarly to the sour and spicy taste of kimchi. The brisket was perfectly soft and I was surprised at how well the matzo ball worked with the broth.
The spicy shrimp broth noodles were a bit of a let down as the hero of the dish, the fried shrimp balls were minuscule and did not add too much to the experience. The broth was clearer, light, and had a lot of Vietnamese notes. The combination of raw onions, bean sprouts, and shrimp balls was not a home-run for me.
The vibe and service is excellent, and this place definitely worth at least one try.First time here for early dinner. Sat at the actual bar part, was greeted immediately. Ordered a pineapple jalapeo vanilla juice- which was surprisingly sweeter than I expected. Ordered dumplings and the crispy pork belly rice. The food came crazy quick. The rice wasn't piping hot, but the pork belly was. It was pretty good, but the dumplings were my favorite. Piping hot and flavorful. It's a very small place so get here off peak times, if not, you will wait. I might come back to try actual noodles- having severe regret as the miso ramen looked great!Good ramen. Have tried this place 3 times, trying some ting different every time. Haven't been dissapointed. Every ramen shop will be a little different. My favorite places are still on the west coast, but I'm glad cheu noodles is here. Def recommendThis was the worst ramen house I've been to so far, (Baltimore, DC, NYC) I'm not from philly, and I was only here for the day, I was disappointed in this place for a few reasons. We were told a 15 minutes wait, for 2 of us, and waited 40... However the staff is friendly and apologetic even when we didn't complain they sent us an appetizer on them. 
There are only 3 tables in this tiny place, and a dozen or so bar top seats, so this is not good for groups, the dishes are creative and pretty, but the ramen broth is lacking in flavor and the sauce they put on the Brussels was sweet and unnecessary. Also the house made sriracha is in a plastic bottle on the table, that says, 'application for profession use only' which is clearly not a bottle for food service, it's for hair dying!The noodles are seriously great here, and its almost too hard decide which bowl to get since the combinations are unique and enticing (not your typical bowls of ramen!). One thing you shouldn't think twice about foregoing are the the real real winner of the menu: the black garlic wings.This is the ultimate antidote to a cold Philadelphia winter.  And, based on recent visits, it's clear that the greater the blanket of snow and ice that covers the city, the longer the wait for scarce counter and small table space at Cheu.  The block is quiet, the exterior fairly nondescript, but open the door and pull back the heavy curtain and you are thrown into a teeming mass of eager foodie fanatics.  The narrow, crowded kitchen is brimming with electric energy, all in full view:  steam rising from pots, broth being ladled in every direction, gas flames leaping around small pans on the stove, and noodles torn with artful precision.  
Everything that emerges from the kitchen is a unique, creative, and fresh concoction with a masterful balance of the five basic tastes.  The appetizer special was a dazzling combination of sauteed mustard greens, toasted farro, and miso dressing, topped with a handful of crispy fried lotus, a fabulous flavor and texture scheme.  The regular menu features a small plate (which could really be a meal) consisting of broccoli sauteed with ample morsels of Vietnamese sausage and tossed with crushed peanuts and unidentifiable but magical spices.  
Both of our noodle dishes were superb and completely different.  The spicy shrimp noodles come in a bowl crowded with bean sprouts, green onion, greens, and shaved daikon, topped with lightly fried shrimp balls.  The broth had the red hue and subtle kick of chilis and the noodles were microscopically thin.    The stars of the Sichuan bowl are thick, delicious, hand-torn wheat noodles coated in hot bean paste and stir-fried to a slight crisp.  Interspersed with the noodles are bright greens and diced fresh tofu, and the dish is finished with sesame seeds and ribbons of cucumber.  
Despite the rather raucous and cramped setting, the staff at Cheu are meticulous and generous in providing individual attention.  My revelation of a mushroom allergy touched off a vigorous discussion about which dishes could be created with different combinations of broths and sauces to avoid fungi.  On my second visit, a friendly Cheu employee noted my overcoat covered and dripping with melting snow (as, no doubt, did everyone there), grabbed it and whisked it back to a secret hiding spot in the back of the house to dry.  
One note of caution:  avoid making a visual estimate of the wait times for a table.   Diners tend to leave their names and then disperse into neighborhood bars to await phone calls summoning them to eat.Expect a wait if you're here. When they say a 25-minute wait, they mean it. My friend and I tried to come here twice and both times, there was a 25-minute wait so we decided to wait the second time. Unfortunately, there's only one small bench and really absolutely nothing else around, so you can't even get froyo or something, you're sort of just left standing around outside. (You can't stand around inside either bc there's no space)
Once we were finally seated, I realized why there was a consistent wait. This place has pretty limited seating. Including the bar area, there are only about 20 seats total. The bar area is somewhat cramped so you're literally elbow to elbow with those on either side of you. At the bar, you're also naturally facing the somewhat small kitchen. I like watching cooks at work and I saw that they make their own noodles, which is nice. 
I got the miso ramen ($13). It was good and the broth was flavorful and not too salty but I thought the portion size and the amount of meat was a little lacking for that price. I'd probably come back but do not come if you're starving because there will likely be a wait and if you outlast the wait, then I'd advise getting extra meat or noodles with your ramen.Beyond fantastic. I went back for a second time and am trying the whole menu bit by bit - favorite so far is the brisket/matzoh ball/kimchi ramen, and the Caesar salad is really great, with a homemade sesame granola instead of croutons.This place was just absolutely stellar on every level.  My husband and I stopped in for lunch last Friday after hearing quite the buzz.  The buzz is well deserved.  
Grafitti/collage combined with dry ramen noodles being used as a wall decoration was just too flippin' adorable.
Pork was the dumpling special of the day and chicken was the Bahn Mi of the day.  So we ordered both of those and the ramen.
THESE ARE THE BEST DUMPLINGS I HAVE EVER HAD.  And I have eaten a lot of incarnations of dumplings at a lot of different places.  The texture was superb and it absolutely melted in my mouth.  So flavorful.  We asked for chili oil on the side (I was worried about Han Dynasty level heat) but it's relatively mild.
The ramen was brilliant as well.  It had such an interesting taste; it is a miso based broth but it had this flavor that was just so unique and worked so well.  Cheu poaches the egg instead of soft boiling and that was also a great touch and lets the egg mix infuse with the broth.
The Bahn Mi was also delicious and loved the spicy mayo as a condiment.  Unfortunately I have an aversion to cilantro and that ended up overpowering the dish.  If you love cilantro then you would probably love this.
Service was nice and attentive, the noodle bar overlooks the kitchen so you can see them preparing your dishes.  
Seriously just a fab addition to Philly's noodle scene. A great, small casual dining spot.  Cannot wait to go back!Pretty sure all of the different ways to say "their ramen is awesome" can be found in the existing reviews for this small, bustling treat of a restaurant. They have some lovingly constructed, balanced ramen dishes to suit a range of different palates, and at ~$14 per main dish it won't break the bank. And, yes, everyone should try their brisket ramen because how often do you see a bona-fide matzoh ball in a Japanese dish? 
But the real reason this place gets that 5th star is their staff: Not just because they can handle a hungry crowd waiting for painfully few tables on a Friday night, but because when my girlfriend and I sat down in a bit of a rotten mood (totally unrelated), they noticed. They checked in with us tactfully throughout the meal to make sure everything was okay and that we were being taken care of.  To me that means a lot. 
I've been here before and will definitely be back. Next time you're looking for a hot meal in Philly, try Cheu.Go to a traditional ramen place instead! This place is overrated. I don't get how people love this place. Don't waste your money or time here.
I had the miso ramen and it was sweet! I never had sweet miso broth before. The sweetness drowned out the miso flavor. Even the pork shoulder had a sweet glaze on it that did not appeal to me and I didn't bother to finish the pork shoulder. The noodles were hard, clumped together and I didn't get enough broth with my ramen. Good thing I was very hungry, otherwise I wouldn't have finished eating the miso ramen. 
I also had an unimpressive sangria...small glass filled with mostly ice for $10. 
The decorative lights made it feel like it was Christmas. 
I will definitely stick to traditional ramen places.After watching the popups, the name change and finally settling on a location, I made my way to Cheu Noodle Bar on a Friday evening with a buddy to see what it was all about.  What I found was a very cool, fun, fresh take on a noodle bar and I'll be returning.
The space here is a bit tight and most likely you'll have a wait on a Friday or Saturday evening.  We chose to wait it out at Varga (conveniently located down the street) while our table cleared out.  It didn't take terribly long before we were at our seats and ordering.
I was very impressed with the black garlic wings.  Heat and sweet were the tastes that hit my mouth but I did feel the dish was put together nicely.  The wings were cooked perfectly and it wasn't too sauced.  It had just enough to leave a nice impression.  The dumplings (potato, egg, cheese, chili oil) were not my favorite due to the filling combo, but I would not be opposed to trying more of their dumplings (if they change).
The star for me was the lamb neck hand torn noodle dish.  The spice on the lamb was killer, and it was falling apart while I tried to eat it.  The mustard greens and dates brought those other flavor punches that made this dish truly excellent.  I would come back and eat here just for this.
The spot is fun, the music is great (I heard mostly A Tribe Called Quest) and the kitchen worked really well together in the space they have.  I think these guys are doing a great job and I hope they will be in Philly for a while.Update: Cheu is by far one of my favorite places in Philly for it's funky cool personality and awesome dishes (yep the other coconut curry recipes are pretty darn good too). I'm sure going to miss this little gem of Philly after my big move!
Old: I still love Cheu for everything, but I'm sad to say that they changed their coconut curry recipe (which was my favorite) and now I'm sad because it just ain't the same. Cheu please bring back the original coconut currryyyyyyyyyyy!I finally got back to Cheu after tasting their food at the pop-ups two years ago. I was surprised to find it was even better than I remember! I started my meal with a Sixpoint Bengali Tiger IPA which I have found pairs very well with spicy food. We got the brussels sprouts to start which were great with the pepitas and pickled squash. I had been wondering about the squash since a friend told me about it and it definitely was a fun variation. For my entree I got the vegetarian coconut curry. The broth was very flavorful and the noodles were divine. As luck would have it we had made plans to have dinner on a week night that turned out to be the last snow of the year so the ramen style dish was the perfect compliment. I also tried a sip of the their juice of the day which was really flavorful! I will definitely be back here soon.Amazing food, made fresh right in front of you. The wings and the hand torn noodles are must haves. The space is a little small, but that also means you get a lot of attention from the staff.The atmosphere here is great - really laid back, and the staff was friendly right as I walked in. I was seated and helped immediately, always a plus.
I ordered off the happy hour menu and got a beer (canned, but still good) and some dumplings for an app, as well as a brisket Ramen. Unfortunately, their brisket wasn't ready, so I was offered a pork alternative, which I tried. 
The Ramen was very good, but the broth it was too sweet for me. Something with the flavors just didn't mesh right. The pork was tasty, but kind of soggy and seemed a bit undercooked. 
The dumplings had what I think was goat cheese on them - and, I'm not a fan of goat cheese, so that didn't really do it for me. I don't remember it being advertised on the menu, and I wish it had been.
Overall, I think my experience could've been better with the food, but I'm so close that I'll try it again at some point and order something different. Also, a $32 bill at happy hour is a bit excessive.I love going to this place any time I crave ramen. Their broth is very flavorful and I like how cute and cozy the place is. They used to have an egg they put in ramen that then literally dissolved as you stirred the ramen but they got rid of it :(. I was so disappointed by that as it was one of my favorite parts of eating their meal. But other than that, I would def come back again.i walked over at 645 on a sunday evening to pick up some noodles on my way home. 55 minutes later i left without my noodles having been harassed by an incredibly rude manager and having paid my bill 2 minutes after arriving as asked. i pity his poor abused staff. the boss was determined to serve everyone who's order came in but had a seat before i got my silly noodle bowl. really? had i been told that that was the policy upon arrival i obviously would have thanked them  and left. they kept saying almost ready....  inexcusable. shame on him!I ordered the beef dumplings and watermelon salad for a change instead of the usual brisket ramen. I was satisfied with how moist and flavorful the beef dumplings were (added some spicy sauce for a kick) and the watermelon salad was excellent! There was a ricotta-like ingredient which balanced the sweetness of the raisins and chunks of watermelon for a refreshing change at Cheu. Service was also great and accommodating for my friends (one showed up by surprised but was seated with us and served his food at the same time even after we had ordered).BEST RAMEN IN PHILLY! It is a treat when I end up here. The place is adorable and the food is fantastic!! I will continue to come back.If urban outfitters and a noodle bar had a baby it would be this place. Very hipster/fun atmosphere... so if you're a millennial you'll be into it. Not many tables mostly bar seating. None of the chefs were Asian.... and I was the only Asian person there customer wise. Not like that's an issue.... but if you're wanting to go to a more authentic noodle/ramen bar i'd suggest heading to china town. The broth for the miso ramen was pretty tasty but the pork was disappointing. It's shredded like as if you were to get a pulled pork sandwich. The pork in ramen is my favorite part of the soup so this was a downside for me. Also thought it was overpriced. Overall if you're on a date wanting to try somewhere new this place is not that bad but not a staple go to.Tried it and not impressed. Overpriced for the quality. Their broth simply lacks the flavor and richness. I would describe the entire meal as "salty", including the brisket. The noodle was overcook and tasted blank. There simply isn't a highlight of the dish. I have had better in Singapore so bleh, maybe this is just as good as it gets here in Philly.I was hesitant to give this place a try, but now I'm hooked. They are extremely flexible with making substitutes and bonus points for being on every delivery app! Highly recommend the brisket without kimchi.. add a little extra spice and you're set!Excellent food and shockingly a place where you can eat regularly without breaking the bank!  Seems like every trendy new place is going to run $80-$100 per person. You can try to spend that here, but you'd find yourself hard pressed to do so.  
Solid food reminds me of a great ramen place I go to when I'm in San Francisco except it's staffed by a bump of hipsters. Sorry. When did PBR become the hipster signature calling card? Who made that decision? Someone should open a place and serve some Miller High Life just to be different.
The place is TINY.  Not recommended for large parties. Four max, but best bet is to be a party of two or else you might wait a while.  Looking forward to going back soon.I like that this place was really upfront and said-- hey, we're a bunch of white guys who like ramen and other asian stuff, and we're gonna make it out own. I appreciate the asian fetish being spelled out. While this place is pretty small (and therefore often has a wait) it's a pretty cool place to have a low-key delicious dinner. 
Yays: fun place to get ramen not in Chinatown with a quick and efficient staff
Nays: i miss the authenticity and didn't really like paying a higher price to sit in a not very comfy place (lots of stools and hard chairs)
If I lived closed to this noodle bar, I'd pop in more regularly because the food wasn't at all bad-- but not really worth me waiting an hour for.Incredible food, accommodating for vegetarians. Always crowed and is super tiny so best to go during 'off' hours. Only took one star off because we sat at the bar and service wasn't great.