Stopped in for brunch around 1230 on a weekday, and it was busy but not crowded. Positive experience from top to bottom- polite staff, timely service and food, excellent tasting meal and coffee. We ordered the scramble with home fries and the sausage gravy cornbread waffle, and thoroughly enjoyed both. Would recommend, will return.Definitely a hipster coffee joint, but casual, friendly, clean, and very comfortable.  Fantastic coffee selection, and expertly made pour-overs, French presses, and siphon style.  Also, SUPERB eats. Have only had breakfast so far, but food is exceptionally fresh and delicious with a wide variety.  I especially recommend the Brioche French toast with berries pressed in a waffle iron.Incredibly rude and aloof staff.  Super slow, inadequate service, even if the place is dead.  Food is okay, but overpriced for the simplicity of the menu. Worst of all, the place has TERRIBLE FENG SHUI, which is hilarious since Chhaya means 'shelter, a place of shady tranquility.'  This particular 'haven' is a cramped, stuffy hellacious hole of a place with an inhospitable staff that makes crass remarks about customers, which is a huge turn off.  All that aside, the coffee is pretty good, but I would definitely go to-go.We had a dilemma on a recent Saturday morning.  We had friends staying with us for a friend's wedding later that day.  We needed a fairly quick breakfast, but wanted something substantial (to make it through the day to cocktail hour) AND it had to be somewhere that was open prior to 1030 am.  Chhya fit the bill.
Unfortunately, we were one of three tables that were sat at the same time.  Because of this, our food took forever (especially since we were on a time crunch).  This is no fault of the cafe's... it was bad timing.  But I felt like I should note this in case you want to visit for a REALLY quick meal.
I ordered a dish that I had eaten here a while back-- an overeasy egg on toast covered with truffle oil dressed argula.  I could eat that meal every day!  Just to note- it isn't the largest dish, so I'd order a side of something else (I got potatoes, which were excellent).
Overall, Chhya is a really cute cafe that has good coffee and tasty food, AND it's in my neighborhood (always a plus).  I would recommend visiting with a party of four or less- this space is extremely small.Our favorite lunch place and we've been to pretty much every place of reputation in the city.  I almost hate to help spread the word, but it seems the secret is already out.
I'm not a coffee buff but the coffee I had was great and everyone seemed very happy with their offerings.
The food is fantastic and I have trouble choosing a single brunch option.  I highly recommend their waffle version of huevas rancheros - the corn based waffle is a great variation.  I can also recommend the crepes and pancakes.
Only word of warning is that the place is pretty small and so there is limited seating.  We try to go early (they get bonus points in my book for the early open).L'endroit hipster idéal pour un brunch ou un petit dej' dans le south philly. C'est cosy, chaleureux et comme dans beaucoup de cafés, les serveurs sont aux petits soins, et de très bon conseil. Si vous hésitez face au menu, surtout demandez quelles sont leurs recommandations.
Voici les miennes :
- Yogourt parfait. Muesli maison, fruits, yaourt bio. à se damner.
- Mocha. délicieux
- Gaufres (toutes leurs variations sont top)
- Jus d'orange pressé. Rien à dire
Les portions sont assez conséquentes, veillez à ne pas trop vous lâcher sur la commande !We stepped into this spot one Saturday afternoon for brunch.  It's small, informal and has great service with great food.  The food was so good that even the amount was generous, I couldn't stop at just having the French Toast Waffle, but instead added on a bacon, egg and cheese sandwich on multi-grain bread.  Of course, the now standard, La Columbe coffee was had on the side.  
The environment is relaxed, so it's a good place to head if you have a few hours and are out with friends who want to catch up.  I think we were there for two hours when we went - and they kept our coffees full and let us have a great time decompressing over good coffee and great food.
Highly recommendedGood food, good coffee.  I've had the huevos rancheros waffles - which are great - but the sausage gravy with cornbread waffle and "the kate" are where I think it's at.  May be a little pricey - but a damn tasty treat.The corn waffles with sausage gravy are just delish. Lots of chunks of sausage in the gravy as there should be, so many places skimp on actual sausage in a sausage gravy. Add a perfectly sunny side egg to it and its a damn good breakfast/brunch/any time meal. For coffee I tried their indian decoction which seems to be a specific method of slow drip brewing finished with steamed milk. The end result was kind of like a really airy frothy latte that had just a touch of sweetness. The quality of the coffee and food was excellent and I will be back.Small portions huge prices. Plates are too small most of our food ended up on the table. Wrap that shit up b.good pancakes.  bacon side not worth it...2 rashers for $3. place still worth it tho.lots of good drinksFood is good but overpriced. Coffee products are not good. When they make latte, milk is too hot and there is not creamy, silky foam.I love the staff and the food. Actually I've been going here since they opened their first location. The coffee cups often leak and the owner can be standoffish and rude. A different vibe than what one would expect from a neighborhood hotspot. A morning stop for a bagel and a coffee takes 20 minutes. Next time I'll take my $20 elsewhere.Great food, great service. One of my dining companions wanted her eggs cooked longer and not only was the request graciously received, the dish was comped. Fantastic coffee, waffles, eggs, and bagel sandwiches.Nice staff, mediocre overpriced food. 
For starters, the staff is nice and the service was very good. The server was quite accommodating and helpful. 
The food on the other hand was nothing to write home about. We had the chicken and waffles and the huevos rancheros waffle. Both were bland. The honey gravy that came with the chicken and waffle was nothing special. The chicken was over breaded and the waffle tasted no different than something you would get from the frozen section in the grocery store. 
To make things worse, the food was quite overpriced compared to the good food you can get in the vicinity.Cute and hip place but not much for the palette. The potatoes were really yummy but I was disappointed in the sandwiches.I enjoyed brunch here while visiting home. It's a pretty small place (which I like) with friendly service and a pretty good ambiance. I had the french toast waffle with eggs and turkey sausage. Also tried the savory waffle with sausage gravy. Everything was A+. 
They also have great green teaSuch a wonderful restaurant! We've had many dishes here - pancakes, waffles, omelettes, salads, soups and sandwiches. Everything is well-prepared and the staff is efficient and attentive. They have a serious coffee bar, which serves every style of coffee brewing imaginable, as well as a wide variety of teas.It's been nearly 2 years and I still giggle with excitement when we get to go to this place.  Since my last entry I've moved across the city, but I do try to still come here when I have time. Chhaya will always be the place I go when I'm craving excellent coffee (and some salivating bacon).Long time patron, have had some great expreciences & until the past few months some not great ones until my wife and I finally said ok enough, so I will write a review in hopes the owner will see this.  I won't bother with all my past bad experiences but since most of the same issues happening yet again today it should all pretty much be covered:
PROS: 
Love the new place, it's so open an yet cozy at the same time, love sitting in any seat so for ambiance, big win.
CONS: 
- Specials listed - no specials today.
- Wait on weekends - very long and wait staff not very friendly, they kind of approach you like yes, I'm standing at your table so obviously I am here to take your order.
- was in a few weeks ago & ordered the baguette & cheese plate, sorry, we ran out of bread, this was my Mom's 1st experience here so we then just decided to have coffee & went to get lunch down the street.
- They open at 7am, no scones or muffins daily until at LEAST 8:30am, it's gotten to the point where I now call ahead to ask if they are out yet b/c even on some weekdays I have been there as late at 9:30am and still no muffins or scones so why waste time going out of my way on the way to work just to be disappointed.  Finally I asked the waitress today (who pointed out she wasn't a server after my portion of our meal came out 10 mins after my wife's did) and she said the kitchen help doesn't get in until 6:30am so yeah, it's not going to be ready at 7am when we open, I asked her if they were ready yet she said no, I asked if she knew when & her response (without asking the kitchen) was, a while.  So imagine my surprise when half way through my bagel a big plate of muffins & scones comes out of the kitchen. ugh  The time was approx 8:45am.
- our bagels had zero flavor and they should have had cream cheese, avocado, bacon & tomato, I attached pics of the lack of cream cheese and the tomatoes were inedible, seriously wonder how they were even ok putting them on my sandwich.  We would have mentioned this to our server had she come over at any point and asked how our meal was, she was chatting up the customers at the counter though, maybe sit there next time, unless she is also eating, which she was when I tried to get her attn for more cream cheese.
- no check was brought so we go up to the counter to pay, I see the scones & ask about the flavors, she explains, I order a honey almond, it's my fav and here it is lunch time, I walk to my office cafeteria get a nice cup of coffee and get back to my desk to setlle in and guess what, it's NOT honey almond, it's some cinnamon something with either walnuts or pecans, both of which I do not like so... scone, in the trash.  very frustrated.
Thank you Chhaya for another bad experience.  You have finally gone and lost 2 looong time neighborhood patrons due to your staff's lack of attn to detail and the fact that you don't have breakfast pasties available until most of the working world is already at work so any chance of grabbing one in the morning with you coffee is pretty slim.  Is it too much to ask to have friendly prompt service & get a dang pastry with your coffee in the mornings anymore, that's literally all I expect.I would give this place 5 stars if the hostess want funny about the wait. The place is small and cute. They have a coffee bar the seats about 4 people, which is where we sat. Food was delicious and coffee was very good. When we first asked for a table she said there was a wait of about 15 min although there were tables open, I asked if we could be seated there and she said no because the kitchen would be very backed up with a full house of customers. I thought that was the point of being in business?? Anyways we walked next door to a gift shop, Occasionette, that was super cute and then she said we could be seated at the coffee bar. Food came out quick and hot. Overall I would definitely come back!Tried Chhaya this past Saturday for brunch.  As described by their blackboard "Chhaya" means "shadow" in Sanskrit, "life" in Hebrew and "teahouse" in Japanese.  (How this is three languages I am not certain.)  A small space, it felt cozy but also a bit cramped with closely spaced tables.  There was some pleasant pseudo-electronica playing in the background (I asked the waiter.  Zola Jesus anyone?)
On the blackboard there were lots of options for coffee and how you want it brewed.  Also some tea options and I ended up getting a pretty delicious chai latte ($3).  The brunch menu is pretty excellent.  They have options for quick meals (like yogurt, bagel, etc.) as well as sandwiches and their various waffle options as described by other Yelpers here.
We opted to try the waffles and both went with a special huevos rancheros waffle.  The waffle initially looked small and came on a plate that barely fit the waffle.  It was a tasty cornmeal waffle (fabulous idea) and included black beans, chorizo, hollandaise, avocado with a fried egg on top.  Admittedly it was pretty delicious and more filling than I originally thought it would be.
Did it taste good and was the meal well prepared?  Yes.  But, unfortunately, as far as my normal brunch parameters are concerned, I just don't think it was enough food to be worth the cost of $12.  After a night of even minimal drinking I would have liked a few side dishes for $12.  Also, the 2 servers were busting their humps, but were a bit "inefficient" as my ex-server girlfriend would put it.  Some elements of the meal including the check took awhile.  We weren't in a rush, but considering we were an arms length from the counter you'd think we might have gotten the check a little sooner.
Overall, a good experience, just a tad pricey in my eyes for me to give it a raving review.My husband and I ate there last week.  AMAZING food!  Everything was super fresh and tasty.  We both had breakfast sandwiches on a delicious whole grain bread and shared a waffle that was just perfect.  Coffee was just how we like it and service was great.  We would totally eat there again.This is my go to place for lattes. Coffee usually runs through me, but not here. Their menu is short, and simple, but the food is good. The cornbread waffle with sausage gravy is worth a try. Get the fried egg on top, don't be cheap. Good for small groups, nothing crazy.I've been to Chhaya twice now and both times really enjoyed the simplicity of their breakfast.  Smaller menu but the food is very nicely done.  Not oily, no extra fillers, just classic breakfast.  Their coffee selection is amazing.  This time I had a VERY smokey Guatemalan pour over which was so tasty.  Service and ambiance is a nice, peaceful way to start the day.since i am and will always be an eggs benedict fiend, i naturally went with that.  and after my first bite, i definitely had no regrets.  the eggs were poached perfectly and the yoke flowed out nicely.  YUM!  everything was fresh along with usual goodness of a nicely done hollandaise sauce and savory ham.  the waffles were bliss and still fluffy enough to easily give way to each bite.I love the new larger space (even though the flow is a little confusing & I'm never exactly sure where to go to get a seat) and the food is just as delicious as the former location. It takes a while to get served in the new location though, so put aside a little more time, people watch, & sip on your yummy coffee beverage while you wait.A must for South Philly folk. The owners of Chhaya are cute and friendly. They play a fantastic Pandora station and take the time to exchange in active conversation.  The coffee is the best in Philly.  They use Fair Trade, but filter heaps of the brew in a slow drip, French press combo. The food was absurdly good to come out of such a small kitchen, and for once, was just the right portion size.  I was full by the end of the meal, but didn't have to gorge myself to not feel wasteful.  They even sell soft t's that read "Friends don't let friends drink Starbucks". I only wish this fine establishment was closer to home.  Hopefully well deserving places like this catch on in Philly and expand to more neighborhoods.This is my all-time favorite place to have tea, sit with friends, and do work. I absolutely love this establishment and it is near and dear to my heart. The people that work at Chhaya are always friendly and welcoming. The London Fog is one of the most comforting beverages that I have had in the city. I would rather bike 15 minutes in the rain to Chhaya than settle for one of the many coffee shops that Rittenhouse has to offer.Excellent meal, the best we have eaten all weekend while visiting Philly. A great variety of tastes and favors. I highly recommend this wonderful restaurant.It was delicious! I got the nutella waffle with strawberries and the honduras coffee. The coffee was out of this world. The waffle, however, was quite small especially when compared to Green Eggs Cafe or Sabrina's portions.I went to Chhaya Café at Brunch time on Easter day. The place has outside seating and a bunch of tables inside. The place feels small but is pretty cozy. The staff was nice and welcoming. I ordered 2 bagels with cream cheese, tomatoes, bacon, avocado and added a fired egg and it was just REALLY good. I also ordered the "bread" basket which I was really excited about but ended up being a little disappointing. I do not think the bread was made on the same day and it ended up being hard to chew. The basket also came with a muffin and a scone which were tasty but nothing really over the top. I liked the jam that came with the basket. 
While waiting for my order (which came pretty quickly) I saw MANY plates passing me by and I Really want to try some of them as they really looked delicious. Looking forward to my next visit at Chhaya Café.Post Phillies 5k run Katrina C. and I decided on Chhaya for brunch.  It was a great idea!  I had the cornbread waffle with sausage gravy, an egg, and potatoes.  It was delicious.  The coffee was awesome.  I'm not a huge coffee drinker, but I had a couple cups because it was so good.  We also shared a stuffed french toast waffle, which was amazing, but I would never be able to eat the whole thing, a couple of bites was perfect.  The smoked turkey panini got rave reviews, as did the bagel with cream cheese, avocado, and tomato.  Started to get crowded around 12.  I only wish I lived closer, but Chhaya definitely rivals some of Philly's better known brunch spots.  Prices are super reasonable too, more like diner prices.At first when we ordered our food took a while to come and we were wondering what happened. We noticed our waitress kind of scrambling around confused and we were then informed that someone who ordered very similar orders to us had claimed our food by mistake so our order was gone.
Most people would probably start melting down harder than fukushima at this point since we'd been there for a while with no food but the staff was very apologetic about what happened so it was no big deal. They even comped our entire brunch plus any more coffee or juice we wanted while we waited. The coffee at Chhaya is also awesome with the variety and different brew styles to choose from.
I love this place!!!!!Let me just begin by saying that I am quite frankly addicted to the pancakes here. I've had them plain, with chocolate chips, with and without butter and/or syrup (they charge $2 for real maple syrup - but it's worth it!). Hands down, the most buttery, fluffy, flavorful, and delicious pancakes. The bacon - also top notch, seems to be oven baked and always perfectly crispy, and therefore always ordered.... 
I've eaten here 5 times and done takeout way more than I'll ever admit. Of the times that just me and my plus 1 have dined, things have been good. Typically our server, whose name I believe is Giovanna (I'm sorry if I've butchered your name) has been great and we've always gotten our order promptly and correct. Now, on one occasion, we took our infant son, in his infant car seat, and things went fine. Let's just say that when the group is 4 adults and one infant, your meal will come out in shifts and the space is not so accommodating (this might warrant a 4.5 star rating, but I'm feeling generous). If the food weren't so good, and our usual server weren't so pleasant and helpful, it probably would've been lower.
But, given that I just had their pancakes AGAIN (just now, hush), I will likely be returning for several more servings.Delicious but a bit on the  expensive side, brunch for two came to about $50 with no alcohol.
I came to Chhaya on a saturday afternoon in early July the day after a hellish move, the heat on the walk over was stifiling but it was nice and cool in the cafe.
Waitstaff was friendly and knowledgeble about the restaurants offerings. Iced coffee was great.  Food was delicious my girlfriend and I both had huevos rancheros waffles which were corn bread waffles covered in chorizo, black beans, avocado, and a fried egg. We also had deliicious iced coffee. To end the meal we had a regular waffle with strawberries and nutella which was quite good.
Overall I really enjoyed my brunch but in the future would consider this more of a coffee and breakfast place I would come to when I am not starving.It's yummy. Small and dingy but nutella waffles we very tasty.I went to Chhaya for the first time this weekend and it was great!  The air conditioning was pumping, the food was delicious and the coffee was awesome.  The waitress was sweet, even though a cranky older woman was yelling at her about tea bags.  I will definitely return and try other things.  (We got the sausage gravy waffle and the bagel with cream cheese, bacon, avocado and tomato.)I'm so glad this place is here.   I've been there twice for brunch, and once ordered a wrap to go.  The staff are friendly and helpful, and all of the food has been very fresh.  I've had both the sweet and savory (chili) waffles, a turkey wrap (avocado and ?) and some great hot drinks - cider and hot cocoa.This place is a total disappointment, was a lovely gem before the expansion. Waitress was terrible, food took nearly an hour to come out. We ordered soup as an app, and it took 40 minutes to come out. When I asked about the status 'so is that soup coming out?' Her response 'it should...' And walked away. You walk into the kitchen and pour a bowl of soup, that's how it works.
She also had a random 'open food' charge on our bill, and when we asked what it was, she actually explained what the term open food meant. 
And the food really just wasn't great by any means. Miss the old Chhaya!The boyfriend and I decided to try Chhaya on an icy Saturday morning when our original plans were cancelled.  This was the most amazing pinch-hit pretty much ever.  We arrived on the early side, and sat at a cozy table towards the back.  
The one thing I can say is that as this place gets 'found out', they're going to need some more tables, and they have plenty of space to accommodate them!  We ordered coffee which had an assortment of roasts and blends and styles (french press?  pour over?)  It reminded me of being at a Seattle coffee shop.  The coffee tasted just as amazing too.  My Mexico ___ roast was robust and aromatic and delicious; a great foundation for things to come.  I also appreciated that in addition to giving us a glass of water, we had a bottle to refill our glasses.  As a camel, waking up in the morning leaves me very thirsty.  Give me only coffee, and you'll have a problem on your hands for the balance of the day.  This allowed me to properly 'wake up' which is a luxury you don't see often enough around the city.  
Then comes food- I went for the special cornbread waffle huevos rancheros with vegetarian chorizo standing in for the real thing.  It was so delicious that its now Tuesday and I'm still thinking about it regularly.  The cornbread waffle was amazing, and a great foundation to the firm and well cooked pieces of veggie chorizo, black beans, ripe fresh avocado (Which for the record is NEAR IMPOSSIBLE to find in the city this time of year), a perfectly poached egg, etc.  I couldn't finish it... which somehow felt like a defeat.  My boyfriend got the spinach, mushroom and goat cheese omelette which he savored too.  He was able to clean-house, and even came to help me out towards the end.  Everything was perfection.  The arrival of the bill was a reminder that this place IS on the pricier side, but totally worth it for an upscale delicious brunch experience.
Two things that would take this place to the next level: 
1) Bottomless coffee.  I get the fancy coffee thing, and I appreciate it- i do, but I'd love to just come and guzzle some joe and not worry about it.
2) BIGGER PLATES!  My food took up my whole plate... which is what dreams are made of quite frankly, but then comes practicality.  Every time i tried to cut into my food, it fell into the table... or the floor... or onto me... I could have used some workspace.  That being said, the plates ARE beautiful.
I can't wait to check this place out again.Delicious! Came for brunch. The fresh-squeezed orange juice was excellent, and I had a special--pumpkin waffles with maple syrup, pecans, and cinnamon whipped cream. My wife had a savory waffle that was also delicious. Will definitely be back.Chhaya is quickly becoming one of my favorite brunch places in the city.  
My boyfriend and I pick a new place to go for brunch every Saturday.  A few weeks ago, we decided to go to Chhaya because I had been there about a year ago with a few friends and loved the food.  We've been there every week since. Sometimes I wish they had more seating available, but the only thing they really need is a comfortable place to sit when there is a long wait for a table. 
The coffee is always amazing (even if you're not a coffee drinker), the food is all fresh and delicious, and the service is good.  I can't even find the words to describe how awesome this place is.  The food can seem expensive, but you definitely get what you pay for in quality, and you won't leave hungry.  I wanted to keep this place my own little secret, but I definitely want them to get the recognition they deserve.My husband and I had a terrible experience that ended with no food. After we order basics items (grilled ham and cheese and eggs with coffee) We waited for 5 minutes for our coffee and another 50 minutes for the food. I asked our server how much longer it would be as we had to get back to work and was told five more minutes. Another 10 minutes later we were informed that our order was "eaten" by their computer and they could make our meals real fast. We declined and would not recommend this place.I'm from L.A. and love experiencing new havens and cultures across the country through food.  I Yelp'd this place on a layover and went there as I was impressed by the reviews.  
Unfortunately, three things didn't make my visit worthwhile:  1. the location; 2. the service; and 3. the food.  The coffee was good.
Not worth the hype.  The food was a poor attempt at fancying up good wholesome dishes, by presenting small portions on even smaller plates.  
And what's with the chemistry-like coffee decanters?  Coffee is coffee.  There's not much more you can do to it than serve it boiled, steeped, or pressurized.  
Instead of reinventing Chhaya should concentrate on presenting simpler well-made standards in larger portions on larger plates.  The fancy coffee drips and japanese-like portions really don't work here.
Also the flies continuously landing on our food didn't help.  : (This place is really quaint and cozy! I wouldn't go there to grab a quick cuppa, but a friend and I went for a nice sit-down lunch and latte and it was delicious and extremely well presented. Great cafe and really awesome waffles, paninis, and unique brunch menu!Great breakfast / brunch place for the weekend. Nice vibe and decor. Someone wrote earlier that the plates were a bit small, yea... Food fits perfectly on the plate, not much extra space. Good selection of coffee that you can have brewed overhead, French press, or siphon! 
Chocolate chip waffles are really good! A little too much whip cream on top but can easily be adjusted to however much you want! Girlfriend had the latte which was also a solid choice. She had the egg sandwich with avocado. Bacon on it was perfect. 
Will consider returning!!What do you do when you have a rare holiday Monday off from work? You go out for breakfast. And what do you do when your favorite breakfast spot isn't open on Mondays? You consult Yelp, make a few calls and quickly change plans for an alternate location. Due to the holiday, the first few calls Vinny P. and I put in to local eateries were met with answering machines until I got a lovely lady at Chhaya who told me that they were open and serving breakfast.
Parking is free on EPX until 10:00am so if you're an early riser, coming here is a no brainer as parking is plentiful. We sat down, chat for a few minutes and were met by a sweet server who took our coffee order...two 16 oz. single origin guatamalan pour overs. Sounds douchey I know, but it was delicious and reasonably priced at $4 for 16 oz. You don't find many places that offer two sizes for the pour over and in my opinion when it comes to coffee more is always better. I knew what I wanted before I even got there based solely off a single instagram post from one of Philadelphia's lady chefs. Vinny ordered a tofu scramble that he said was delicious, my order was a straight shot to the truffle egg on toast; really REALLY good. What I was presented with was a thick slice of toast topped with a little bit of cheddar cheese, a lemony dressed arugula mix, topped with a perfectly fried egg that added that wonderful silkiness through the plate. At $6 this is a breakfast I could get down with often.
The space is minimally decorated, stark almost, but for a coffee shop where some seemed to be working from, maybe this is intentional to keep from being a distraction. It was relatively quiet for a Monday, but that could be because not everyone had the day off and even if they did they decided to stay in. I'm glad we decided to go out for a catch up session, it was long overdue and gave us a chance to try someplace we had never been. I'll definitely be back for another East Passyunk breakfast!When I met a friend for lunch at the airy Chhaya Café today, I was pleased to eat a delicious burger and drink the sturdy coffee, but my friend and I were disappointed by the indifferent service. We were served food and coffee promptly, but then we were on our own. Servers, including the one assigned to our table and the one behind the counter, were so busy talking on their cell phones that it was tough to get their attention. Chhaya servers need to hang up their cell phones and wait on customers. They should focus on food quality and beverage refills, not personal business. My dining partner and I skipped dessert at Chhaya Cafe and went to another place on Passyunk Avenue, where we knew, from past experience, that the dessert would be excellent and so would the service. We were not disappointed.Liked it way better before, now it's stuffy pretentious and weird. I guess the tree of the new Passyunk. Oh and my coffee wasn't goodOh man this place is number one bro
The food and coffee is very excellence 
The service is unbelievable I try one time with my wife this place unspeakable 
Please try some food and nice cup of coffee. I'll be back soonI had a few good experiences here.
The truffle egg toast with arugula is always good. The drinks are good. I always get the elixir with my tea which is lemon and other healthy things in it. But the french fries are undercooked and horrible. I see this place more of as a coffee shop that I would get drinks at.Awesome breakfast here last weekend with the boyfriend. Cute place, with great service. I had cinnamon waffles and he had the french toast waffle. Both were great, although his was a little bit tough (which is probably not surprising, considered it's coated in french toast). Also awesome selection of coffee with a variety of options for variety and pour style.The coffee drinks here are really pretty and BIG.   I am always a fan of big coffee.  I got the mocha and it was a giant portion with pretty designs on the foam.  Always a nice touch.  It was flavorful without being overly sweet.
I ordered the cornbread waffle covered in veggie chili, cheddar, and a fried egg.  What a delicious vegetarian combo!  The egg was fried perfectly and the portion was very filling.  I asked for a side of salsa and the waitress didn't seem happy about that.  She also didn't seem happy about the side of black beans that my friend ordered with his tacos.  In fact, she seemed to be speaking to everyone in the restaurant with thinly veiled hostility that was masquerading as friendliness.  Not sure what the issue was.
The space is cute and cozy and I enjoyed their playlist of mostly James Brown music.It's a small restaurant which was a life saver when I was getting hypoglycemic because Honey's and Sabrina's had lines out the door. 
The inside was cozy and the staff was warm and welcoming. The latte was perfect. 
Kate sandwich- tasty, bread was amazing.
Veggie Chili and corn bread waffles- WOW!
Truffle oil toast- unique, fresh and delicious.They make their own chai- I ask for it strong so you get a little more flavor. Food is always fantastic. Packed on the weekends for brunch.  Great coffee with multiple ways to have it brewed! Muffins are mediocre as sometimes they sit out on the counter unwrapped and get dry (I am GF now so I can't have them but I remember them well). Waffles are amazing (I miss them!!!)I had brunch here with three friends on Friday after wanting to come here for a long time. With all the amazing brunch options in Philly, I don't think that it will make the regular rotation, although I am glad we went. 
First off, the decor and interior is very disjointed. I like the Edison bulb thing, but the tables seem randomly placed, the large chairs in the windows were strange and unfitting, and the tile floor made things loud. We were seated immediately and brought menus. However, we then waited for over 10 minutes before someone came back to get our coffee order, and even longer to order food. Our actual waitress was extremely smiley and seemed very attentive when she was at our table, but it was rare that she stopped by, and we had to flag her down when we needed her. 
After reading recommendations, I ordered the sausage gravy cornbread waffle, and split that and a tofu scramble with my boyfriend. They were both good, but nothing amazing. The waffle was lacking in flavor, and while the spices were right on the scramble, it was made with a soft silken tofu instead of a more firm one, which made for a strange consistency. My friend ordered the breakfast sandwich, and it was about the size of a small fist - I think he could have eaten it in four bites. I know some places in Philly boast massive brunch portions, and while I like to think I'm a moderate eater, I think all the dishes here are a bit too small. 
Our waitress outright offered to split the bill (which is honestly very rare), but service was definitely overall too slow. It's a decent spot if you're in the area, and it has lots of potential!Looks like trouble for my commitment to not purchasing food and/or beverages that I could make myself when within eyeshot of my apartment.
Despite months of resistance, this morning I was forced to make an emergency run to Chhaya.  And boy do I feel silly for having waited this long.  Chhaya is adorable with an enormous capital "A" - the decor of the teensy little cafe embodies shabby sheek and absolutely oozes coziness.  I felt unbelievably at home just standing by the register - even though my home most definitely doesnt look like that.  And most importantly, the variety of espresso I ordered was rich, smokey, and artfully prepared - a delight!
While this time around I stuck with to-go, the menu sounded so perfectly "brunchy" and the food others were enjoying looked so tasty that I will most definitely be back.  Even though I'll have to be constantly reminded of the eggs I have sitting in my fridge across the street.Such a quaint & lovely cafe. The elixir tea and French toast waffles are amazing. The ambience is nice and is a cute place for a brunch date or even to read a book. I love a seat by the windowI always knew about Chhaya, but it took a while for me to actually try this place. Both the outside and inside have nice welcoming feel. I like the interior space because it is not cramped like other places and I feel you can actually have a conversation without having to hear other people's conversation (and vice versa). Instead of just ordering something from the coffee counter my friend and I decided to get a table. The waitress was not the bubbly friendly type, but that's okay by me. She was helpful, efficient, and did her job very well so I'd rather have that than overly friendly person. 
I ordered truffled egg toast and lavender latte. I wasn't too sure about the use of truffle oil because I feel it's been overused in many instances to make the dish sound and look fancy. However, I absolutely loved the flavour of this toast! It's always a treat when you can taste different components of the dish. You can taste the perfectly cooked over easy egg, meatiness of sliced mushrooms, subtle flavour of chives, garlic, lemon, and truffle oil, cheese, and arugula! My friend and I agreed it's one of the best breakfast we have had. Lavender latte was smooth and just a hint of lavender. Eggs any style was good also; I particularly liked their home fries (had both the crunchiness and softness with good seasoning). 
It's nice that Chhaya can cater to all people by offering meat, and also vegetarian and vegan friendly menu. You can also spend as little as few dollars to $13 for an entree per person. Their coffee and tea selections are unique and wonderful too! As I wrote, I enjoyed my lavender latte; my friend got Blue Lady tea, which is a blend of lavender and grapefruit. I am looking forward to trying out other food and drink from Chhaya!Delicious! Went for brunch on a Sunday and the wait wasn't long (just 15 mins, would have been none if we didn't hold out for outdoors) for a 2 person party. The food is exceptional, and the servings are smaller than most places but they match this with a lower price tag for each dish. I appreciated not having leftovers since brunch food doesn't usually keep well!Favorite coffee stop when passing through Passyunk.
Great vibe, outdoor seating and caffeinated options from cold brew to chemex.Chhaya is the perfect place for a low key brunch and a great place to sit and do your work. The atmosphere is great, and I loved the music. Their fair trade coffee is one of my favorites in Philly, and you can get it brewed several ways, French pressed is a popular one. I ordered the strawberry Nutella waffle, and it was delicious (of course anything with Nutella is!!) I will definitely visit this place again!Professional Coffee shop/perfect for snacks or lunch. It can get loud, but it won't bother you because of the coffee smells, good food, and interior. I wish they had background music though. Their prices are amazingly low compare to what you get in front of you. Highly recommended!It's a nice little place for breakfast. No standouts for me but a few of my friends likes the waffles and sausage gravy dish (?). I felt hungry after eating my meal which was waffles with fruit. I would probably go back if I am around the area but not make plans to go.We went in for lunch and spent $24 (plus tip!) on two cups of coffee, a tiny egg and tofu scramble, and an anemic egg and cheese sandwich.  Both also came with a teeny salad.  We are not big eaters at all, but really?  The food was also very unremarkable.  Also, there were specials available until 2 PM.  We were in at 2:10 and they wouldn't make them for us.  Finally, just try to flag down the inattentive service for your check...  (An observation:  The coffee on the bill was $3.00 for a pretty small mug.  It said BRUNCH on the receipt next to the coffee price.  Hmmm - is it more or less at other times of the day?)I loved this place! Such a quaint and welcoming environment! The food was amaZinggg! Guatemala Iced coffee, Nutella and strawberry waffle anddd the huevo ranchero was delish! Def going back :)!The food, coffee, and decor make this place a must try while wondering down east passyunk ave. 
There brunch menu is so creative, last brunch I ordered a cheese steak waffle. It was steak meat with cheese, eggs over a corn meal waffle. There ranchero waffles are also unreal. 
The lunch menu is small but fantastic. The smoked turkey panini is a must. They press the panini stuffed with turkey, pesto, Gouda, and an oven roasted tomato in a waffle press. It is delivered to you with a strawberry and arugula salad. 
Aside from the great food there coffee and espresso drinks are prepared to impress. They also have a bad ass espresso machine.  
Amazing!!Our brunch buddies raved about this place and my fellow Yelpers helped me prepare for what to expect. The place is pretty small so we went there early (10:15 am Sunday) to snag a table right away. By 11am, there were two groups of 4 waiting outside but there wasn't a huge line. There were 4 of us and we each ordered a different type of coffee (french press style) which was pretty good. I initially ordered the homemade chai and it was very weak. I love chai so when its not full of flavor I'm completely turned off by it. I found it ironic that this place is called Chhaya (chai-ya) yet the chai wasn't that great. However, it was great that they replaced it without charging extra. We had no problems with service and our friends who are regulars also never had problems.
We all ordered some variation of a waffle: huevos rancheros, sausage and gravy, and french toast waffle. The french toast was light, crispy, and perfectly sweet. The huevos rancheros was unique so I would definitely try it if you're a big huevos fan. I liked my sausage and gravy; it felt very comforting. The home fries were tasty, and the bacon was out of this world. Holy moley. Best bacon we've ever had; you get 2 pieces for $3 but its so delicious, who cares? 
To address the complaints about the portions: I think the portions were perfect, especially if you ordered a waffle plate. I think people are used to the enormous portions they get at Green Eggs or Sabrinas, but honestly if the quality is there, I'm not going to complain. Expect to pay around $8-$10 for a good brunch in the city, its the norm. The atmosphere was cozy and next time I want to sit in that cute window area with the armchairs. I didn't quite understand the complaints about the setup in prior reviews; maybe it was different before? I didn't see anything wrong with it. 
My favorite part about Chhaya was being able to pay with my Level Up for the first time! You get $2 off the first time you use it at a place that uses Level Up, and you rack up discounts pretty fast. Honestly, I  may be back just so I can try the crepes...and use Level Up again :PAdorable coffee shop with ample seating, great lighting, and a nice relaxing atmosphere. They have high top seating and nice veranda chairs facing big windows. The espresso is delicious and you can tell they take pride in their drinks and service. I can't wait to try the food. It looks delicious :) dogs are allowed inside as well which is nice.The inside of this place is really like a hole in the way! It's small and cute but not good for groups at all!
They have game for you to play but like my friend said "they [might just] be for looks" because it was super dusty when I asked for the trivia game.
When you order a drink, they give you big scrabble letters to put your drink on. And some of their drink has the foam art!
I had the French toast waffle with macerated berries & maple syrup for $9. It's wasn't bad but the edges were hard which I did not like.
Might bring my brother back here to try because he likes waffles but don't know if I'd come myself.I can't get enough of this place.  Reasonable, fantastic coffee, terrific brunch dishes, and great waffles any day.  And they open at 7 am on weekdays. Perfect for getting sthing before heading to workI walked in here with the worst hangover known to mankind and left feeling like a new person. 
I would say the berry lemonade had a large part in that, it's so good I had to get another one to go. A refreshing treat with fresh raspberries but not super sweet. 
To eat I got the BLT, the other people in my group got some of their more signature items. My BLT was on the most amazing bread and the home fries were a great side. The other people in my party were extremely happy with their meals too.
The service was exceptional. Our waitress split our happily bill and even drew cute little cartoons on our bills. 
I will definitely be returning here, hopefully not hungover next time..We finally came here for breakfast last weekend after wanting to try it for a while. My husband got the sausage gravy waffle with a fried egg on top, which was pretty delicious. I decided to try the French toast waffle, which was a mistake. The berries on top were good but the waffle was so incredibly hard and dry, especially the edges. I didn't send it back but I definitely wouldn't ever order it again. The sausage links were good and the servers were nice though! Maybe we will try it again.Great coffee and espresso. The food is very good as well, but the portions could be larger. It's a great place for a quick bite and a coffee, but if you're looking for a big meal this is not the place for you.This place is walking distance from me so I was excited to try it out for a late brunch. We ordered the ginger cappuccino and macchiato with soy milk. I was slightly disappointed at the cup size for the ginger cappuccino for the price of $4.50, especially when the prices of specialty drinks isn't on the table menu. The taste of the ginger cappuccino wan't the greatest. 
The curry waffle had thai curry on top of waffles. The thai curry taste was really good but had hope that there was more otherwise the waffle was very dry because there's the curry as topping instead of maple syrup.
The monte cristo looked pretty and just tasted like ham and cheese with maple syrup.This place is super trendy and the food is delicious. The staff is very nice as well. I love the vegan substitutes they offer for their meals. The coffee is also great. There is a long wait time but the food is definitely worth it.Great service. Outdoor seating is perfect for people watching, especially during second Saturday on passyunk. I had a latte and my lunch friend had a cappuccino. Ordered the two eggs with home fries. Great atmosphere.I just got the "blackened chicken" wrap. Why Questions, well, I'm eating and its tasting kinda bland. I'm thinking, no way this is bland and it's blackened. Well, i open the wrap to find the chicken NOT blackened at all. I will say the "fries" aka home fries to go with it were very good. So far for this establishment, I'll stick with the breakfast two eggs over medium with home fries and the coffee.Hot diggity!  I'm very happy to have such an amazing brunch spot further down the avenue.  The service, food options, etc. were on point.  I ordered the waffle with sausage gravy and fried egg - SO delicious!  My friend ordered the mint/lavender/limeade...I could've drank a pitcher of it.  I highly recommend Chhaya to anyone!I absolutely loved this place! I could easily get an outdoor table for Saturday brunch. It was a great atmosphere with great service. 
The prices are low but portions are smaller than a place like Sabrina's or Green Eggs cafe. I loved this because the portion was just enough. 
Lastly, I had the greatest dirty chai! The best I've had in the city so far. 
This place is definitely worth a try. Enjoy!A splendid lunch - ham and cheese sandwich griddled on a waffle iron, salad and soup, followed up by a "Cafe Miel," (cappuccino with honey and cinnamon). The wife and I sat on comfy armchairs in a sunny window. Chhaya is a bit of a neighborhood gem!This was my second visit to Chhaya. Loved it both times. I was looking for a breakfast cafe with great fare and conducive to getting some work done. Harder to find than you make think. The first time I came with my toddler and a bag full of books, toys to keep her entertained while we waited for our food. Chhaya definitely appeals to the younger customers. Our server brought coloring books and crayons to our table as well. It seems to be popular with the stroller crowd and I appreciate their attentiveness to the little ones. 
Despite it being table service, I didn't feel rushed to quickly finish my meal and to move on. Delicious, filling breakfast, attentive coffee refills made the emails and report writing go by far easier. We've had The Scramble, The Kate, and the grilled cheese sandwich. All yummy options. Would definitely return.Great Sunday brunch!! We arrived from an out of town trip in the mood for a bit of brunch, read some yelp reviews about several different restaurants, even looked to repeat visits to other places we had been before, but we decided to try something new. Could not have picked a better place, the waffles were extraordinary, I had the chili with egg, flavor explosion!! My wife had the hue is rancheros and pretty much licked the plate. My partner had salmon wraps and didn't look up for several minutes during her meal. I also had an oatmeal and a plate of small pancakes were shared. Both delicious, the oatmeal had enough of a hint of maple syrup to make it flavorful but not too sweet. Will definitely be back!! Highly recommend!Great food, brunch & service :-) cute neighborhood cafeChhaya is one of my favorite places in South Philly and has really become my go to brunch place. I've heard the coffee is great, and all of the food options are incredible as well. My favorite is probably the cornbread waffle with vegan chorizo-- or maybe even the burger. I've yet to have something bad on their menu.The guys at the scooter shop sent me here while I was waiting for work to be done on my machine and it was the best wait time I've ever experienced. Super friendly staff. Cute seating area in the display window with an open window for a cool breeze. 
Fluffy pancakes. Good coffee. And the Truffle Egg special is amazing. I hope they make that a part of the menu, that's how much I love it. There's also other yummy light bites to select from as well as waffles, and sandwiches.
Also, they'll bring the food out to you and clean up after which not many coffee shops do.I liked what i got, the sausage gravy over a cornbread waffle. Portions werent huge and i woulda like some homefries w it. Not bad though. Id go back, try some other things.I come here nearly every weekend with my boyfriend, and we both love it. We always say we're going to try a new place for brunch, and then go right back to Chhaya because everything about it is so stellar. 
The waitstaff is friendly and attentive and make great recommendations when I can't choose what to eat. The food is consistently delicious and I'm always excited to see the new specials menu. The coffee is so fresh, and when I break away from my norm to order tea, I'm always impressed. Their heaven sent elixir is out of this world. 
I said I would make breakfast at home this weekend, but after writing this review I am craving their coffee and veggie scramble, so I'm sure I'll be right back there as usual on Saturday morning.One of my favorite spots for a cozy delicious brunch! The waffles are truly delicious. I got the cornbread waffle with the sausage gravy and it was to die for (literally, because that stuff will clog your arteries but so worth it).  My boyfriend got the berry waffle which was equally as delicious. Coffee was great too, as was the service. Would certainly recommend!Blackened chicken wrap was delicious.  Very classy while at the same time informal, a good place to have a date or catch up with an old friend in a casual yet aesthetically pleasing placeThe meals I've eaten here were largely pleasant experiences. The food is thoughtfully prepared and imaginative but overall I found the scale of Chhaya almost as unsettling as the extra H in their name.
They use the small and oddly shaped space the best they can. Which means very small tables, chairs, and portions. One of my companions once hilariously described their Chhaya brunch as "twee." 
If a patron brings a large dog or stroller into the space, unless you are seated in the window you may end up juggling your cornbread waffles and coffee to keep them on your tiny little wobbly doll house table as you get "whoops, sorry" bumped and jostled. 
In a perfect world Chhaya would be a smashing success and be able to move to a larger space on EPA. For now I consider them better described as a coffee shop than eatery.
FWIW me and my dining companions are regular-sized people.Chhaya has become my go to place for coffee and breakfast on the weekends. While I wish that I could sit down and eat waffles or eggs every weekend, I usually get oatmeal, which comes with get, fresh berries. The food is always excellent, but the highlight that keeps me coming back is the excellent coffee. The staff is not only incredibly friendly, but also so knowledgable about brewing styles, beans, and roasting. 
One other great thing about Chhaya is there support for local artists. I love looking at all the great art they have on their walls. Bottom line, whether you are planning to eat in or get your coffee to go, Chhaya is a great, unique place to go.Ok, been here for brunch several times. The food is always delicious! The side of potatoes are by far the best breakfast potatoes I've ever had. The waffles, coffee, veggie chili, oh and the coffee cannot be beat. Whatever you try, you will not be disappointed!Very hip, very groovy, creative food, a great spot. They need more gluten free options, though.I've been for brunch four time and lunch once. I would give it 5 starts for brunch and coffee and 3 stars for lunch. 
The coffee options are great! Try getting syphon coffee. They are perfectionist with the coffee. The breakfast is so great. My favorite is the savory waffle special that changes (cheesesteak waffle, huevos rancheros waffle).
For lunch you must get the turkey panini - it's to die for!  My only feedback would be to expand the menu a bit.I love coming here on a weekday a hour before closing because they are quick with getting your orders and it's delicious. Waters are refilled and receipts are given when they see plates emptied. I always come here before I start my second shift work at the hospital and always leave happy and on time. I love the smokehouse BBQ burger. I hope it shifts from the specials to the permanent menu. Perfect for vegans and everyone!My brunch here last weekend was fantastic! I had heard the name "Chhaya" a lot but had no idea why it was as popular as it seemed. Now I know. 
The restaurant is intimate, and the seats are a hot commodity. The two of us actually ended up seated at the counter, which was a nice surprise because we were able to observe the process of the beautiful drinks being made by the very kind barista.
We dined on an egg and avocado bagel, and a nutella and strawberry waffle! These breakfast entrees were outstanding... and so was the drip coffee we enjoyed with them. Next time we'll have to try one of those fancier beverages, like a chai latte! 
I will be back soon for sure.This place has the best tea. I love getting the sundew and adding in the heaven sent elixir. I don't drink coffee so I can't comment on that.
There is only a small selection and a relatively smaller portion than say the overfull plates at green eggs or sabrina's, but to me, they are just the right size. I like to get one dish and order bacon and sausage on the side. Most of the times I've ordered bacon on the side it was perfect.
My favorite is probably the truffle egg toast. I have also tried the sausage gravy waffle which was okay, the heuvos rancheros waffle which was unusual but decent, and then the classic pancake with berries which is hard to mess up.What do I think? I think the name of this place is more interesting than their food, even though I have no idea what it means. To be fair, nothing was bad, and perhaps our expectations were too high. Still, their cornbread waffle turned out to be exactly what I had feared - a piece of cornbread in a waffle shape. Baked beans and other toppings didn't help either, as the whole thing tasted rather bland and uninteresting. 
The egg and avocado with toast was fine, although the bread was cold by the time we got it, and the vegetarian chili was good. Nothing exciting, but perfectly good. 
One other thing more exciting than their food was the window seating, a table with two chairs in a covered corner to the right of the entrance, and it was pretty fun! I would encourage everyone to sit there at least once hahaOrder to go at the countertop or dine in at their remarkably open space, a rare find in Philly. Yes, they did the Edison bulb and New American menus thing, but they manage to have genuinely unique fare. I had an earl grey & lavender iced tea with a salmon waffle Benedict. I was happy until I tried my sisters goat cheese eggs over a homemade sourdough biscuit. Then I was overcome with food envy. Prices are reasonable. Portions are perfect. Service was easygoing and efficient.
Is see that many of the other reviewers complain about portions. Two of my main dining companions are over 6ft tall mid 200lb men who love Chhaya. Yes, some of the plating just fits the portions, and could be larger. However, the portions seem perfect to me because I'm not stuffed or guilty if I eat the whole thing. You're not going to have a food coma, but you will be full.I would've rated it a full 5 stars, but the only thing that bothered me the most was this one lady that worked there. She made me and my boyfriend feel uncomfortable because she wasn't very greeting. It was like she couldn't wait for us to get out or something. After we paid I tipped her and said thank you. She didn't even look at us and didnt even say thank you. When other customers walks in she's smiling and is actually greeting them. Scenarios like these bothers me a lot. So if anyone that works there who reads this please take it into consideration.  Thanks. Other than the lack of customer service we love the food and perhaps we'll come back again.Amazing. I've gone out of my way to go back. The waffle with nutella and strawberries is to die for. Seating is rather limited, but it's understandable because the food is so delicious!One word... AMAZING! Atmosphere is awesome, super friendly people, great food, and drink options are endless. I definitely recommend if you're in the neighborhood to stop by even for a coffee to go! 5 stars in my book. I have absolutely nothing bad to say at all.Wow.  What happened?  The last time I went to Chhaya Cafe, I gave them 4 stars.  Now I have to give them 1 star.  Disappointing.  Went here for brunch and the cornbread waffles were COLD and MUSHY.  Seriously.  Cold waffles with a tepid gravy.  The service was rude and the coffee tasted like it had been watered down.  Sorry, but I can no longer recommend this cafe.Wow.  Great food, great location, great ambience, and great service.  I'm a big fan.  Went to CHHAYA cafe on Saturday, to have a late breakfast with friends.  The restaurant was crowded, but we were seated immediately.  Ordered the gravy waffles.  YUMMY!  Wow.  The waffles are made with cornmeal, so they are heftier than Belgian waffles, so much tastier!  The gravy was delicious too.  My breakfast guest had the same, and she loved her waffles.  My other breakfast guest had the buttermilk pancakes with blueberries and an egg.  He said they were delicious.  Service is excellent and attentive.  A gem on Passyunk!  I'm a big fan!F the wait at Green Eggs and Sabrina's, F the average food at Brick American and Cafe Estelle, F the lackluster menu at Fitzwater Cafe and F the expensive prices at Beau Monde; CHHAYA IS MY NEW BRUNCH SPOT. My date and I came in on a Saturday morning and were pleasantly surprised to be seated right aways in a half empty restaurant at a cute table in the "store window". I had the amazing crepe of the day which was filled with tomatoes, leeks and white cheddar and topped with a sunny side up egg and an awesome hollandaise sauce. Just as good as Beau Monde and MUCH cheaper! My date was craving "breakfast tacos" that day and to his delight, tacos with chorizo and eggs accompanied by guacomole and pico de gallo were one of the specials. They were also delicious. Although I'm not a seasoned coffee drinker like most, I thought the coffee was also high quality and very tasty. Prices were very cheap and it ended up being one of our cheapest, yet most delicious meals ever. And the most surprising part of our meal? The hipster staff gave extremely good service! Usually those words, "hipster staff" and "good service", are not seen together in this city, at least in my opinion.
When I got home I raved about our experience to my roommate and her visiting friend. They also ended up going for brunch and loved it as well. We will definitely be returning!Based on the fantastic Yelp reviews, I suggested this place to my family for Saturday morning. We were a party of six. They cannot easily accomodate that large of a group inside. Fortunately the weather was lovely so we sat outside. Either because we were outside, or because we were a larger group than normal, it seemed like everything took a very long time. I don't want to complain about the service, because our waitress was truly a delight, but I think it took 45 minutes or more to get our food. There were definitely tables that arrived after us and got food before us. 
A number of us ordered the famed cornbread huevos rancheros. It was a good dish but not stellar. The waffle was really yummy, but the beans and pico were not well integrated into the dish (maybe re-fried beans would have stayed better?) so I ended up eating them separately at the end. Everyone else's food looked yummy, and the coffee and tea were great. 
To some it up, I think this place is a great neighborhood establishment. If you live close, by all means go! Things are very reasonably priced and the atmosphere is lovely. If you don't live in the area though, I wouldn't consider it a destination.A perfect summer day to have a second breakfast and sit outside on Passyunk and watch the world go by.  
The coffees (espressi and French-press) are very good and since waffles play a major role on the menu, we order sweet and savory versions.  The fruit and whip cream waffle is standard but well made, the corn-based sausage breakfast waffle a success, with a rich, salty sausage sauce covering a pliant waffle.  The runny egg on top makes everything doubly delicious.  
Service is super nice if easily overtaxed when the cafe fills up with customers.  The atmosphere is relaxed and convivial, really a good place to hang with friends and talk.
At the risk of sounding as repetitive as Cato the Elder on the destruction of Carthage, I feel that no place worth its salt should ruin their dishes with "truffle oil" - the Bis-(Methylthio)methane compound really is no substitute for "truffle", enough already!Oh. My. God. Is all I have to say. I came here after seeing an Instagram post of their Nutella strawberry waffles and they tasted as good as they looked. My boyfriend ordered eggs with sausage and home fries that I took a bite of and am absolutely in LOVE. I could go here everyday if I wanted to, the prices aren't bad at all.Cozy and relaxed brunch spot. Food is fresh and healthy and serving sizes are normal...you don't leave hear feeling bloated and heavy like you do with some other places.  Been there 3 or 4 times and never had to wait for a table on a Saturday or Sunday morning...in fact, I'm somewhat hesitant to sing these praises because I don't want Chhaya to become one of those "wait 2 hours to eat breakfast" kind of places...Awesome brunch spot.
Many positives including the:
-Food
-Drinks
-Decor/Atmosphere
-Service
-Prices
-Lack of crowds
I got a Chai Latte and the Veggie Chili Waffle.  I also tried some of my friend's house coffee and her Truffled Egg Toast.  Everything was delicious!  Our server was super sweet and even let two of us sit at a large table while we were waiting on three more guests to arrive.  There was no wait which was very surprising for a Saturday morning.So My girlfriend and I heard so much about this place and when we finally wanted to try it the original place was closed and they were opening just next door to expand. We were like "wow, must be really good for them to expand" we couldn't wait. So we finally went and sat down next to the window, nice comfortable seats and greeted right away with a smile.
I ordered the French toast waffle which people have posted pictures off and my lady ordered the waffle with a side of turkey sausage (which was good). the food comes and is presented well. Unfortunately the waffle($10 nothing accompanying it) my girlfriend ordered was extremely dry, she couldn't eat it and neither could I.
My french toast waffle wasn't as dry but definitely not moist, the sauce with it helped. The idea of placing bread in a waffle iron doesn't work out in my eyes nor my taste buds. it was hard on the outside like I was having a panini..terrible. 
My girlfriend who rarely sends food back, regretfully told the waiter she couldn't eat it (she was so cute, she was a lil embarrassed). The waiter apologizes for the waffle and asked if there was anything else she would like. An egg & cheese english muffin is her request. Now this comes out looking like it was made in Mcdonalds..the egg was so dry and over cooked. Yes it was $2.50 but please you have to have more pride. We could have gotten a better egg sandwich from a street cart.
3 plates, 2 very dry and 1 dry. I would not make this a priority to go back. The picture I uploaded is the egg sandwich. There are so may positive reviews, maybe we had the wrong chef that day.
Visited in Sept 2014
Update, I do go there for take-out espresso.The Sunday brunch food is okay, but not great. I was a bit disappointed, after having read lots of great Yelp reviews.
Went with two friends. We waited about 30 minutes to be seated (for Sunday brunch around 1:00 p.m.). Nothing like the wait you'd encounter at, say, Sabrina's or Morning Glory. That said, the service throughout brunch at Chhaya was definitely veeeeeeeeeery slow, though I imagine it's faster on other, less-crowded days. Not the end of the world for us.
The decor is pretty nice, informal. The room is spacious and relatively well lit. There's a high, long table in the middle (like a breakfast bar) where about 10 strangers can sit together, and then there are private tables around the perimeter of the dining room, plus two in the front window. We ended up being seated in a not-particularly-inviting corner in the back, though again, it wasn't the end of the world.
All told, we had the berry waffle (with whipped cream), the chili waffle (on a cornbread-ish-tasting waffle), and the Philly cheesesteak waffle. Each of us thought the food was bland. My berry waffle had a strange taste, though it might have been the cornbread-ish flavor my friend identified in his own waffle. I'm usually intrigued by strange, new tastes, but I thought this was fairly ordinary food. And they were pretty stingy with the berries. In contrast, when I have waffles or French toast at Sabrina's, there's something fairly joyous in the flavors.
The verdict: the brunches at Sabrina's, Morning Glory, and Jones are considerably better-tasting, I don't think I'll be back. Maybe the lunches here are better.cool spot with a trendy vibe, staff are ultra nice and attentive and more importantly the food is as good as the presentation.What a great and unique place. Even though it got pretty busy, the service was wonderful and super friendly. The bathroom was even spotless. My meal consisted of the very fresh squeezed OJ, eggs, bacon, & home fries w/ a side of sausage gravy...I had to try it don't judge me. The gravy was very tasty not super thick and coagulated like down south but more of a creamier reduction with sausage crumbles. I loved it all. I'll return for sure when I'm in South Philly next!OK coffee, opaque pricing,  decent croissant, bad service. 
The server/owner on a very quiet Friday morning  first got attitudinal at me deigning to ask what 'Market Price" was got for pour overs/Chemex, in fact only gave me it as a differential price as in 'it's plus 3.50 for the Mexican, 3.75 for the Colombian etc", Plus 3.5 on what ? Oh well in for a penny, it was OK but nothing to write home about.
Next up she forgot my already paid for Croissant and got very snarky when I reminded her of this fact. 
So, I'll be avoiding this overpriced  attitude saturated place.Corn waffles with sausage gravy, an over easy egg, and a side of sausage was delicious. Surprisingly filling. Also, BYOB, so, get a carafe of OJ, and you're all set.Excellent blend of coffee drink selections, along with a nice atmosphere and attentive friendly service!!Ok. This is one of the places to go for brunch. I really enjoyed the coffee and breakfast/brunch here. The bread basket is simple but amazingly fresh and good. The spreads are delightful. I brought my two brats with me and they really enjoyed their food and drinks.
This place is rather small but who needs big and fancy when you have small and cozy local nooks to eat in.Food is good but service at new location is very poor. They now are full service and serve you at the tables, which has created over a half an hour wait on weekends (as well as a very long wait to get your food). I used to absolutely love Chhaya but after three dissatisfying visits to the new location will no longer be going.I read so many great things about Chhaya that I was excited to give it a try but I left fairly disappointed. The menu is a decent size but I felt like it could have been a little bit more creative.  I went in craving an omelette but they have none on their list. I ordered the nutella and strawberry waffle while my friend ordered the huevos rancheros waffles. Both items were good so I guess I can't complain there. The restaurant itself is fairly small so movement is very tight. The service is just eh. Our waitress asked us if we wanted more water and even though we said yes she didn't come back for another 10 minutes to refill our glasses. I also asked her for some syrup for my waffle and she never brought it to me so I just took some from another table. My biggest complaint was the air quality. The overall restaurant was very hot and to top it all off we ended up leaving smelling like the kitchen, which is not appealing. Chhaya really deserves 2.5 stars in my book but I'll bump it up to a 3 because of the way the drizzled the nutella over my waffle ( It looked like a piece of art and perfectly spread).I love a place where the servers are knowledgeable about a somewhat eclectic menu and can help you make informed selections to please your palette. The ambiance is reminiscent of a cafe and b&b hybrid. We chose the elevated window seat and sitting storefront in a S. Philly restaurant was awesome. Had the cornmeal waffle with vegetarian chili and a macchiato. My companion enjoyed a turkey and smoked Gouda panning with a strawberry and arugula salad and dulce de leche iced coffee. Everything was fanDAMNtastic!! Travel a little, and you never what you might find ;-)Chhaya has always been consistent with their service and food. I love their coffee, and living close by really works out for my mornings. 
But there are a couple of things Chhaya offers that I don't see at a lot of places:
1. The Coffee; they have different kinds of coffee, and different brewing styles. I usually order a french press, and it's always perfect. I've also had an espresso there that was delicious. 
2. The Menu; although the fixed menu has many tasty dishes, I usually try to order something off their menu of the day. I've had a crepe with ham and an egg on top--incredible. I also get the bagel with avocado, bacon, and egg, on a regular basis.
3. The Portions; now this is really my favorite part about Chhaya (notice how I kept the best for last). The portions have always been perfect. Not too much, not too little, and I've never left Chhaya hating myself for eating too much.
Oh. And they have free WiFiWe stopped in here for a lunch break and I absolutely loved the food! It had a great brunch / lunch cafe type menu, they serve some of the best coffee that my friend swears by which helps too. I ordered the veg chilli waffle that came with an over easy egg on top..  and it was absolutely delcious, I'm salivating just thinking about it now! I saw a bunch of other people working with laptops too- I wish it was closer to my house so I could pop in and do some more work. Spacious, clean, good food, great coffee. The only reason why Im not giving 5 stars is because we waited a really really long time for our food. We originally needed something quick and ended up taking a two hour lunch break.Chhaya is a good place to come for breakfast. After reading about their waffles in an edition of the Weekly Yelp months ago, I came on a Friday morning for a late breakfast, and split two waffles with my friend: the french toast waffle and the sausage gravy & cornbread waffle. The french toast waffle came with syrup and berries, and was tasty but a bit tougher than I would've liked. I liked the sausage gravy & cornbread waffle a lot more - two waffles generously topped with lots of gravy. These waffles were also softer and easier to eat, and the gravy was more filling. Both dishes came smaller than I expected though.
I really liked the ambiance of the place - very zen and spiritual, and a bit hipster-ish.
Overall, I don't think I would make the trip to East Passyunk just for Chhaya (especially since it's a 30+ minute trip for me by bus), but it's a nice place to check out and grab breakfast if you're already in the area.We stumbled upon this place for Mother's Day brunch...and I'm so happy we did.  We all ordered something different...but all of the waffle variety.  No one was disappointed.  One in our party order one of the specials... thick white bread, truffle oil, arugala, and fried egg on top.  YUM!  Also ordered by our table... Huevos Rancheros over cornbread waffle... French Toast waffle with berries...and cinnimon / sugar waffle.  All excellent.  We were also able to secure a table outside...which was a bonus.  Their tea was quite good... I don't drink coffee...so I can't speak to that.  But overall... I enjoyed this place very much...and am already planning a trip back for one of the delicious looking bagel sandwiches I saw at another table.Went there for brunch while visiting a friend of mine who lives down the street. I had the grilled cheese with white cheddar. They made the damn thing in a waffle press. a WAFFLE PRESS. It was the most perfect grilled cheese i have ever had, honestly - haven't had it with the smoked gouda, but i'm assuming it's just as good (if smokey cheese is your thing). Unreal iced coffee, great service, and allowed our dog (take note that there are only a few small outdoor tables, though).I was here for breakfast. I love the waffle and the green tea. The setting was a plus.We went here for brunch recently. We decided to take a walk around the block because it was a 40 minute wait. When we came back, the line was gone but we still waited and waited and waited. The hostess eventually came out and told us that we could sit at the counter but we told her we preferred to sit at a table. We eventually sat down and ordered out breakfast. I ordered the Huevos Ranchero Corn Waffles. That was pretty good but I didn't care for the corn waffles because it was a bit tough. Daughter had the Sausage Gravy and Egg on Corn Waffle. She loved her order! Hubs ordered the Veggie Chili and Cornbread Waffle with a Fried Egg. He loved his order as well. For drinks, I ordered the homemade chai masala which was pretty good. I loved the design they put on it! Daughter loved her mocha and hubs liked his coffee as well. Place was pretty nice and friendly but service was REALLY slow. There was a table of 8 that was done and just sitting there waiting to pay their bills individually with a credit card. I guess the hostess was trying to figure out to do it. While I was waiting patiently, there was an empty table that needed to be cleaned up. I was so hungry that I decided to go in and wait by that table to be cleaned up. I think they forgot we were waiting outside for 40 minutes. Place emptied out while we were eating. Will probably return but will go there earlier in the AM to get a seat.Yummy food and GREAT coffee at reasonable prices.  We got the house brew, and appreciated the continued refills, even offering after we paid the bill.  It's not a huge place, and as a party of three we were seated at a two-person table with an extra chair, which felt a bit tight but everyone's dishes fit.  The decor is really cool, modern and upscale but also homey.  They serve a young crowd, and seem pretty kid friendly.  Hipster staff provided great service.  As an aside, they have real maple syrup on the table for brunch, but if you ask for some extra to go with your leftovers, you'll be getting Aunt Jemima.I've been to Chhaya about 10 times and it's been terrific every time. Of course, I seem to always order the same thing -- Truffled Egg Toast (amazing!) with a side of pork sausage -- but my dining companions have expanded their horizons further! I usually get the orange juice (fresh squeezed and lovely), and my friends have always enjoyed their coffee selections. 
The only meal we ever had there that wasn't great was a special waffle that wasn't quite cooked enough (that's why no fifth star) but the place is really clean and the staff is friendly and accommodating. I also love that they make their own bread...Yum!I don't know how this place has decent ratings with what has to be some of the consistently worst service ever. Today's event: there are 19 customers in the cafe, 3 staff behind the counter (one of them eating) and the owner sits at the end of the counter. I walk in about two steps behind someone else. We both sit down at tables next each other. Someone brings him a menu and bottle of water, and glass. No one brings me anything. 5 minutes pass and the server comes back to take his order. I flag her down and ask for a menu. After a few minutes, she brings me a menu - no water. I ask for water. This is a really bizarre take on customer service - all happening right in front of the owner who seems totally unconcerned. The staff consists of the same 4 or 5 young women - how hard would it be to do some training?Hands down the best coffee spot in Philadelphia.  Beyond the amazing coffee, the food is fantastic and reasonably priced.  You can't go wrong regardless of what you order.  My favorites are the waffles and the pancakes.  Can't get enough of them. 
The owners are delightful  and the staff is friendly and efficient.  
Don't miss their brunch!If you find yourself in the area, stop in to get the Bagel Sandwich : Bacon, Egg (optional), Tomato, Avacado and Creamcheese. It's really great. The sitting is limited, but the place has a cozy atmosphere.Great spot! All the food we got was great, yummy ginger cappuccino (not too sweet), reasonable prices for the quality. Chill atmosphere. Was open early enough for breakfast on a Sunday to get it on our way out of town.Had breakfast this morning and was a bit disappointed. Orange juice served was old and it tasted nasty. Food was ok but nothing to brag about. Coffee was weak and they didn't refill it. Service was minimal. The place was renovated 3 months ago, and it looks beautiful and open.Chhaya has been the go-to brunch spot ever since the re-opened in their larger space on Passyunk Ave. Although it still has a bit of an "unfinished" vibe in there, we have always had good food and polite service and the coffee is some of the best I've ever had.
I appreciate that they bring a repurposed wine bottle to the table with water when you sit down--so you never have to feel awkward about a refill. I do wish they offered more rotating specials to give us a little something extra to look forward to (those theme menus are Sabrina's really are the best--but sometimes you're just too hungry to hang with a 1 hour+ wait).
I would say it has a bit more of a "cafe" vibe than a restaurant, in that it seems like the servers would be behind the counter making coffee if they didn't have to wait on you. 
You can sort of tell the place was not really designed to be a "restaurant" first--but I've only eaten there on busier weekends so I'm not sure what it's like at an off-peak time. All in all, I don't hold any of these things against them--it's just different.  
If I could change anything, I would make the tables by the window taller. They always  feel awkward--whether you're sipping a cup of joe, working on your computer, and especially if you are eating. I love the communal table in the middle, though, which is my go to spot if I'm spending the afternoon working on stuff. 
Overall, a cute place great for take out and, again, their coffee--MMMMMmmm!!!I really enjoyed eating here and will definitely come back again. 
The cafe is cute and comfortably decorated with the bare hanging light bulbs you'd expect from a slightly hipster South Philly cafe, fairy lights, and big comfy sofas and armchairs.
I wasn't feeling too hungry so I ordered just simple eggs and home fries. The eggs were fairly standard but the home fries were surprisingly flavorful and delicious, I recommend getting them. I also got the Sundew tea which was phenomenal- light and fruity and very well balanced. 
My dad ordered the huevos rancheros waffles, and though the waffle was a bit cold, the overall dish was excellent, as some other reviewers have pointed out. My sister got the turkey panini. The turkey was a tad dry, but the basil pesto had a very distinct and strong flavor. My mom got the Reuben, which was delicious- the bread in particular was very complex and complemented it well. 
Overall a delicious meal and I look forward to trying some of the other dishes there in the future!Oh...a tiny breakfast. How quaint. 
   After reading reviews extolling the virtues of Chhaya, I was anxious to witness this culinary righteousness for myself. My Lady and I agreed to blow off our usual brunch favourtites, and instead head over to E. Passyunk Street.  We walked into a dining room which was slightly smaller than our living room, albeit tidy. We were immediately informed that there is no table service on the weekdays, lest we ask for more than we are entitled to. We sat down and perused le menu.  Waffles seemed to be the speciality of the house, so we decided to try them.
     My CD sized waffle arrived at my table unaccompanied by any of the usual suspects...not even a lowly garnish. Lady Mary's breaky looked similarly lonely, but at least we each had a non-refillable $4 cup of coffee to keep our waffles company.  The flavour wasn't at all bad, however.  The sausage gravy was acceptably authentic (on mine), and nutella was used in a reserved judicious manner (on the other). The main problem is that the portion wasn't even close to meal sized. I felt like I was being punished for some unknown transgression. No table service for you Urqhart!!! And I hope you like your waffles extra small boy!!!!! MUAHHAAA!!!   We ate silently as stroller after stroller bumped into our table.  I must admit, I didn't at all agree with the rave reviews I read here; quite the contrary.  Beau Monde is to Chhaya as Miles Davis is to Kenny G. 
   As an aside, we've noticed most of the restaurants in the Passyunk square follow a bit of a motif.  State Side, Plenty, Chhaya, Cantina, Birra...all entirely too hip for your own good.  Owners need to do two things: 1. Go to a good pub in Europe (that's the hard one), and 2. go around the corner to Carmen's Country Kitchen.  It's elevated, with a good deal less 'la-de-da', and one leaves feeling with the satisfaction of just having eaten a holiday meal.  I don't care that all the restaurants in the square have artisan light bulbs. I don't care that the portions are stylishly lilliputian . I don't care that the napkins are made from recycled grocery bags.  I truly, truly, with all my heart, don't care. I just want quality food (and enough to fill me up), sometimes a decent pint, at a good price.  I'm putting the Passyunk Square on my no fly zone for the foreseeable future. Off to greener pastures.Holy.shit. You must go here. Been here about a dozen times & Chhaya never disappoints. Their veggie chili waffle is a godsend hangover cure & their tofu scramble rocks my socks. 
Great service, well priced, and consistent.This place is super cute and cozy. Its tucked away in south philly, kinda difficult to get to if youre not familiar with the area. I know I almost gave up to looking today. But lucky i found it just in time.
Great selection of "designer" coffee beans, dessert and savory waffles and a huge mug of tasty cappuccino! They also sell lunch sandwiches to fill your bellies w more than just caffeine. 
The employees are super helpful and informative. They were able to explain a lot about the selection of beans. If you're a fan of strong bold coffees, this is def a place to check out.
Just wish it weren't so far from me, i'd be there all the time.Wow, this place was delicious.  I went with my sister (breakfast is her favorite meal) and she was impressed.  I got a waffle with whip cream and berries, she got an english muffin sandwich with avocado, cheese and two fried eggs in it and we shared a side of bacon.  When the bacon first arrived I was a little doubtful, (only two pieces?) but it turned out to be the perfect amount, the bacon was AMAZING.  Cooked so it was both chewy and crunchy.  My waffle was good and filling, and my sister's egg sandwich was delicious.  It all came out to sixteen dollars, and neither of us could finish our meal.  Really delicious, so glad to have this place in my neighborhood.I have ONLY ever been here for coffee - and the occasional bagel. I must say, both have been delicious. Especially coffee - it was truly fantastic. I really appreciate their quick service, the ambiance, and the delicious smells that are always emitted from here.Staff was super friendly, but it took 45 minutes to get overcooked eggs an oil soaked home fries.I eat brunch out with friends a lot and rarely does something really stand out, but Chhaya's Huevos Rancheros cornbread waffle stands out! It's expensive for brunch-- $14-- but absolutely worth it. One of the best restaurant meals I've had in awhile. A lot of places seem to think that a giant portion equals value, but I disagree. This meal was a value because it was so incredibly good and thus satisfying in a way that those giant generic waffles/omelettes/pancake plates just aren't. Can't wait to bring friends here to try this great dish!There are so many great coffee shops on East Passyunk, and Chhaya leads the way. I stopped by just to try the coffee, but I ended up having brunch at the bar. It was packed, but the staff still managed to give individual attention to everyone. I engaged in conversation about coffee with the barista, and she impressed me with her coffee knowledge. 
The dining area is small, but I've definitely experienced places that are much more cramped than this. An earlier review complained about the space, but they must not be used to the limited space in large cities. I'm a big guy, but I felt comfortable there.
 I planned to only order a coffee, but I ended up having the waffles too, and they were so much better than my home made waffles. That fluffy, golden, deliciousness is going to give my home waffle maker an early retirement. I can't wait to come back and try something else!A very welcome addition to the neighborhood.  Pleasant, mellow atmosphere.  The beverages (I'm not a coffee drinker, so the quality of teas etc is very important to me) are excellent - very well crafted chai and hot chocolate.  The menu is pleasingly small, but the emphasis on waffles perplexes me.  I don't want everything served on a waffle.  I'd also like some toast, please.  The food is well prepared and delicious.  I'll add to that the artwork displayed on the walls is thus far of high quality, a nice change from the other local cafes.The place is really cutely decorated but get there early because I had to settle for a bar seat and it was a bit uncomfortable sitting next to  valley type girls on one side and the other a couple. I could hear everything they were talking about without trying.
I had the juevos rancheros, a special on that day. Best thing I've ever eaten for breakfast! Usually I go for sweet but something told me this morning to try it. I'm glad I did cuz all the flavors were just going well together, the egg, the waffle, the avocado, the beans and that sauce. I will definitely try it again.  Don't go there just for toast and eggs like my aunt did. This place can offer so much more. It's also cute how they put your check in a small cup and you put the money in there.I used to really enjoy place -- particularly at the old location. The new location is really nice and comfortable and all and the food and drinks are consistently good. It's the service that really underwhelms me. I'd much rather share my time and spend my money at a place where the staff makes me feel somewhat welcome and spares me the unnecessary attitude and teenage-like angst.This place is excellent. We can here on Saturday morning and the place was packed! But we didn't have to wait long to be seated (about 10min). The people here are very nice, very young and hipsterish. You can tell that it's a local favorite. Has a large variety of seating, inside and outside.
They have a great selection for the breakfast and lunch menu with daily specials. Their coffee selection is amazing. 
I tried their siphon brewed coffee ($8) because it was a coffee brewing method I've never had before. It's more expensive and take longer (15min) to brew than a regular cup of coffee. But when we compared a regular drip coffee with the siphon brewed - same beans - oh there's a huge difference in taste, siphon being much richer and stronger in taste. Highly recommend.
Food wise, everything is very fresh and tasty. Portions are not huge, but good size and filling.Came from out of town last Saturday and enjoyed an affordable and delicious brunch at Chhaya.
Staff: Good enough. They were kind enough to stow my luggage behind the counter while waiting for my wife to show up, serve me a cup of water while I was waiting and afford prompt and attentive service once she arrived. Not the friendliest in the world (no time for small talk or smiles), but very adept and competent.
Drink: The black coffee is delicious and unlimited for something like $3. It was a Saturday so we both got unlimited coffee.
Food. Ordered the Huevos Rancheros Waffle. Sounds weird, tastes great. Kind of like a vaguely Latin-influenced eggs Benedict over a waffle. $11 or $12 if I recall, which is an affordable price for brunch.
Venue and Locale. I'm not from the NE, but thanks to the Fresh Prince I know that South Philly is not supposed to be a neighborhood of trendy cafes (wait, isn't that West Philly?). Anyways, no matter where Big Willie hails from, the neighborhood we explored has a cool, artsy vibe to it. This is relevant to this restaurant review because the restaurant really shares the vibe of the surrounding neighborhood. The majority of patrons look like they either have liberal arts degrees or work in a bike shop, or both. One stylish patron was sporting the hipster trifecta of bulky black glasses, suspenders and an impressive mustache. Typically I'm skeptical of restaurants that are "scenes" more than venues for delivering food and drink to my gullet, but fortunately Chhaya hasn't gotten lazy and decreased food quality or added a "trend" surcharge yet. Until they do Chhaya remains a great option for coffee, breakfast and brunch.Chhaya is a really great local coffee shop with great food. My boyfriend and I go there almost every weekend.  The food is healthy and they give you NORMAL portions of food, which is refreshing. The coffee is great, all the employees are really nice. I can't think of anything bad to say about Chhaya.Love this place! As soon as we sat down, we were greeted right away. Our server took our order and made periodic check-ins to make sure we were doing well. To start off with, we ordered our drinks. I got the masala chai latte (iced) and my friend got the black coffee. The chai latte was good but they put a tad bit too much milk but was still enjoyable. As for food, we got the French toast waffle and the huevos ranchero waffle. Both were very good. Came in perfect proportions. No complaints. Definitely a cute little cafe to grab food and relax. Absolutely will be coming back! Would recommend!Love this place. I go almost every day to get a blue lady tea. I also am a big fan of a grilled cheese that comes on a waffle. Just go and try it.I came here for a late brunch with my BF yesterday and absolutely loved it. After numerous trips to Green Eggs, Sabrinas, Honey's and others, all which are great, we were in the mood to try someplace new.
I had the savory crepe special of the day - with ham, cheddar, and a sunny side up egg surrounded by hollandaise sauce. I cleaned my plate. BF was starving, so he had two breakfasts - a waffle with nutella and strawberries, and two overeasy, perfectly cooked eggs with two pieces of french bread toast and finely chopped potatoes. He also cleaned his plate, with a little help from me on the waffle. 
The coffee was quite tasty and service was superb. The atmosphere has a great chill vibe, where you feel like you would be comfortable coming in by yourself with a good book, with a date or a group of friends. 
Best of all, the prices were cheap! Nothing over $10 - the way breakfast food should be.
I highly recommend the new brunch spot Chhaya. Check it out!Had a great brunch there: waffles covered with a sausage sauce and a fried egg on top. Really hit the spot.
I can tell they're serious about their coffee. They offer three or four different brew methods for their assortment of beans.
I'd definitely go back for the affordable brunch, and no line.My fiance and I ate at Chhaya Cafe.  It wasn't too crowded for brunch but it definitely started to get more crowded as it got later.  We ordered the truffled egg toast and the omelette special- cheddar, onion, and mushrooms.  They were both very good. Chhaya has a large selection of different coffees.  I only had the regular coffee, which was good.  Chhaya is a cute coffeehouse.  I could see people coming here to do work and meet with friends...and it is a pretty large space.The wait at our preferred brunch spot was *ahem* more than desired, so we did a quick run down of neighborhood options. Luckily, one friend suggested this spot, so we all trooped over. The gods must have been smiling on us yesterday, because the sun was shining brightly on our little walk, and we arrived to NO WAIT for our party of seven!! The restaurant is bright and clean and fresh and I felt good just walking in there. Upon receiving the menus, I was immediately stumped, because four things jumped out at me. I finally settled on a matcha avocado smoothie and a bagel breakfast sandwich. My plate was the last to reach the table, and every time a new plate was brought over, I immediately wished I could change my order. Every single plate looked amazing and I wanted it. Then my plate came and I took my first bite.... HOW COULD SOMETHING SO SIMPLE BE SO TASTY?! I was overjoyed with my choice and it was the perfect amount of food. I can't say enough good things about this place. I will probably be back every time I visit Philly. I am in love.Great food, great coffee, great teas! The food is very refreshing especially with limited options in the neighborhood. 
Yes, the service is slow. I go there a few times a week either for food or just coffee and it seems to be somewhat of a mix between self-service and table service which doesn't bother me now that I understand the way this place functions. At first I was a little annoyed at how long it took to make anything there but everything is hand-poured so I let it slide. The wait staff always seems to be happy and friendly.Since we moved to this neighborhood last summer, we always passed by this cute and popular restaurant and have decided to give it a try for a while. Yesterday morning me and my husband eventually got the chance to go there for brunch. Thanks for the snow, we did not wait at all at 12pm when we walked in. By looking at the pics on Yelp as well as their Today's Special menu, we agreed on one savory and one sweet item:Veggie Chilli Waffle and Nutella Strawberrry Waffle. I have to say my vote is definitely for the latter one. Veggie Chilli is actually very spicy and my stomach felt burning for an hour after the breakfast. If you like spicy food,you might want to give it a try. Their waffles are very soft and a bit trewy. Wish they are a bit crispy and puffy due to my personal preference. The service is not bad. Overall, I like the experience and might go back try some other dishes on the menu next time.Great cold drinks on a hot day, even better hot drinks on a cold day. Wonderful food and atmosphere. Nice owners and a reasonably priced menu. Charming decor and great location. I miss Chhaya.What others have recently said about the food is about right. Tasty, maybe a bit on the skimpy side for some. 
I'm really here to gripe about a phenomenon that I've observed at Chhaya and several of the newer Passyunk Ave places: The staff don't seem to know how to welcome customers and make them feel at home. 
In the case of Chhaya we came in, first time customers, and walked up to the counter, waited for a minute or so (time it, it's ages) while two staff conferred over some cash register thing and a third one stared into space. No acknowledgment. Then eventually we got a look, basically "what do you want?" "Uh, do we order up here or what?"
Are we crazy people? No, we're hungry and have money. And you're a restaurant. Don't look at us like we've got three eyes. Smile, say hello, and show us to a table, or tell us to sit where we like, or something. If you're really super-busy, just say "sorry, be right with you." See, it doesn't take much.
As good as they were, my waffles would have tasted twice as good. Warm and friendly counts -- we've got other choices.I really enjoy their coffee. 
While most of the menu items sound enticing, after sampling a few of them, I've concluded that most of them are things that I can recreate in the kitchen with minimal effort and expenditure.
I guess I'm also a victim to seeing above average portions in restaurants. Since this is a spot based on brunch, which is at its heart a combination of two mealtimes, I would expect a bit more food for the price. 
Also during the off-peak hours, it seems like the staff is more concerned about closing up shop and heading home. I think they need to keep the windows cracked and get some air flow in there. It can get very hot, and that might make people lethargic.Food was excellent, but portions were small, and took about 45 minutes to serve our party of 5 on an empty Tuesday morning. Service seemed a bit standoffish and not very warm. But again, food was great- and coffee was just as good. Great selection of brews.Delicious coffee, friendly baristas, and you can buy Philly fair trade beans here. This is my favorite coffee shop in South Philly and I recommend it to everyone in the city.So, being that they have been in their new location for a while I thought since I want to love this place I would try again but this time for lunch. Let me start by saying that I get a liberal hour for lunch so never really too worried about running over when I do decide to have a lunch date. Met my friend there mid afternoon last Tuesday 9/29 and there were people eating at only 3 of the tables yet it took the waitress about 10 minutes to get over to us and even then she just gave a half hearted greeting & poured our water then walked away, no offering of specials, what the soup was, what the quiche was, nothing. Comes to take our drink orders a few mins later & was gone again before we could order. I ordered a soda & when it finally got to the table the glass was already sweating and half my ice was melted. We ordered and 25 mins later our burger & my friends salad comes out. At this point we have been here close to an hour.  The bun was about 3 times the size of the burger making it very difficult to eat. The burger patty itself was good but the bun was too big and dry so I took it off. Long after finishing our meal (which no one came to ask about) I sat there watching our waitress talk to a co-worker behind the counter with zero sense of urgency about anything.  Finally as she made her way to another table I flagged her down asking for the check. I just do not understand why you choose to work in the service industry if you aren't going to be efficeint and friendly, plus it's lunch time, people are usually in a hurry. That's it, I know I said it before but I really am done with this place, it's just so close to my house & job that I want to love it here, I wanted it to be my go to spot but the service is awful and the food is just ehh. Sorry Chhaya, you have lost me for good this time and I'm not happy about it.Love, love, love. Coffee is excellent with unique roast and brewing methods. Cornbread waffles (savory or sweet) are fantastic. Try the waffle with sausage gravy and fried egg on top, or the one with vegan chili. Scones are flakey and buttery. Friendly atmosphere. Great place that I visit daily.The bf and i came here for breakfast/brunch on 4th of July.  It was busy.  Our order came out about 1/2 hour after we ordered.  We kinda got annoyed but, they were short handed so we kept our cool.  We each had a waffle plate.  The bf got the sausage gravy waffle with side of bacon.  He loved his bacon but the portion of the waffle order was quite small.  On the other hand, my order of the veggie chili on waffle was enormous.  I ended up giving him half of it.  I loved how our order was topped with a fried egg.  The waffle itself was a bit dry but a bit of syrup solved that easily.  It's a cute and cozy cafe.  I'd def come here again, hopefully service will be quicker.This place is so adorable!! The vibe alone gets it five stars. 
When you walk in here you just look at the two oversized chairs in the front and want to sit in one of them, underneath the adorable crackled glass hanging lamp and never leave.  Okay, so that and it was a nice, air-conditioned break from the blazing hot sun!
The espresso is delicious and teas are well selected.  
There is a definite theme with the (delicious) food: quality over quantity.  I'm okay with that when the quality is superb (and the prices reflect what you get). 
Had the savory cornmeal waffle with veggie chili today, portions are medium-sized BUTeverything is incredibly fresh and delicious. 
Side note: Cornmeal waffle, best idea ever!
My mom had a peach and fig salad with proscuitto, again, superb quality. No picking out the wilted greens, which I find myself doing all too often at many restaurants :(
Husband had huevos rancheros on cornmeal waffle, everything was right, from the portion of chorizo to the beautifully ripe avocado.
Perfect brunch spot!
Especially when you're in the mood for food that is just artfully, perfectly done.Confession! The first thing that attracted me about Chhaya was the name. It just brought to mind the scene in a Bollywood film where  Shahrukh Khan is on a train dancing and singing  "Chale Chhaya Chhaya Chhaya." Hmmm I wonder if he was on his way there for their awesome brunch lol.
Chhaya is only a few short blocks away from my apartment. I just love coming here on Sunday's after church. While Green eggs and Sam's Morning Glory always has 123850345.5 people on the waiting list, I have never had to wait at Chhaya. 
Chhaya offers breakfast, brunch and lunch. I have only had their brunch items and man oh man! DELISH!  Simple ingredients and a perfect portion that doesn't leave you feeling ashamed of yourself. I always leave satisfied and not stuffed. Ive had their egg sandwich with tomato and avocado, another egg dish that came with a biscuit and a yummy sauce with potatoes, but my ultimate favorite is their buttermilk pancake perfection. Thick fluffy pillows drizzled with maple syrup and a side of fruit! You just cant go wrong. I promise these are the best buttermilk pancakes I have ever had (so far). My husband always goes for the french toast waffles which are also really good. Chhaya also seems to have lots of folk flocking in an out just for the coffee so I'm going to assume its pretty good (Haven't had it). 
The establishment itself is small and simple. Nothing much to look at but the peculiar art pieces on the wall that are for sale. Def check out Chhaya if you don't feel like waiting forever to be seated and if you don't want to leave feeling like you need to hit the treadmill for 5 hours post meal. The only con I am giving Chhaya is the fact that you will leave smelling like food. They probably need a better ventilation system to solve that.Update! Had lunch with a friend in the new location last week and it was great! Both the woman who seated us and our server were very friendly. The new location is spacious and I didn't feel in the way!Chhaya is a refreshing brunch option that differs from the typical diner-like places that either serve gut-busting egg and bacon dishes or sugary coma-inducing bread towers. They offer some neat warm coffee and tea drinks that would be perfect for cooler weather and their food menu has some fun, fresh options. I opted for the Kate sandwich (egg, gouda, and roasted tomatoes) and added some avocado because I couldn't resist. The sandwich was delicious, but itty-bitty, and I ended up going home to eat a 2nd lunch- which doesn't seem fair after paying $10...I think I would've gotten more bang for my buck with one of their cornbread waffle combos...
The staff was really nice, but the service was slooooow. I don't think Chhaya will make it into the regular brunch rotation given that it's a trek to get there from my house, but I appreciate it's slightly different approach on weekend breakfast/ brunch/ lunch!I had breakfast at this quaint cafe over the weekend and it was one of the best breakfasts I've had in a long time. I ordered the juevos rancheros waffle, which was absolutely incredible. The concept and tastes together made this meal out of this world. I had a ducle de leche latte as well, which reminded me of Argentina.  My boyfriend ordered the pumpkin waffle which was also fantastic because it was made with attention to detail regarding taste and texture.  The ambiance and decor were comfortable and cute and they had the food to back it up. We found ourselves wanting to go back there the next day.One of the best coffee spots in the city! Cozy, calm and full of delicious coffee aromas. Brunch/Lunch is affordable and delicious everything. A perfect spot to chat with a friend or hide away to get some work done. You'll often find me in the adorable window seating area with my laptop and a quality latte. Go and visit soon!Came here on Father's Day expecting parking to be impossible to find and a line out the door. I was pleasantly surprised to find ample parking a block away and no wait of any sort
We ordered the French toast waffle and the scrapple and egg on an English muffin with a side of home fries
The waffle was a bit thin and was a bit overcooked. Tons of fruit on top of the waffle made up for the dryness. Flavor was good too. They should use a different waffle iron to make the waffles a little thicker
I love scrapple so I am a bit biased. The scrapple and egg sandwich was simple but tasted good too. Home fries were cut a bit tiny and thin but I like my home fries more on a crispy crunchy side so I was fine with it
I would say the food is a 3.5 star
Service was top notch. They made sure I had plenty of water throughout my meal so overall I would rate them 4 starsChhaya Cafe is the fourth cafe/cofee shop within a few blocks on E Passyunk. Food wise this is my favorite. 
I've tried the buttermilk pancakes (good) the scramble (good) chili (ok). My favorite is the blackened chicken wrap ( a tab spicy).I came here for a Saturday brunch with three friends. We were seated fairly quickly. Our server was so sweet and accommodating. 
They have the fall special menu and I immediately aimed for the Huervo Ranchero Waffle- cornbread waffle with salsa, black beans, avocado, chorizo, fried egg, and hollandaise. And it's AMAZINGGG.
My one friend got the chocolate buttermilk pancakes. It was just chocolate chips sprinkled over and between the stack of 3 pancakes. I thought it could have been done better (I stoled some bites, I love brunch food). The buttermilk pancakes alone were still really decent. Overall, it was all good. I would come back and try their other specials.Best coffee in Philly, no contest. On top of that they have some really excellent brunch menu selections, the menu may be limited and it doesn't change often, but what they do they do really well. The Kate is my staple breakfast sandwich but their bagel sandwich with avocado is some serious good eating tooI've been here a couple times for breakfast. Usually can always get a seat (but ive never come during peak times on the weekends). The food is excellent but service is sometimes spotty.
One of the last times I went, a waitress forgot to bring coffee i ordered for nearly 20 minutes as she waited a few other tables and stood at the front chatting. I think it honestly slipped her mind and she was nice about it when she did bring it, but I was almost finished with my meal at that point. Wouldn't stop me from coming back because of the good deal on good food!The waffles here are pretty standard. They're deceptively light, which is excellent because it helps you deny that there could possibly be calories in something so fluffy and warm. 
...that is, unless you get the Eggs Benedict waffle. The hollendaise is typically delicious and buttery. The egg yolks are perfectly runny. The ham is quintessential: thinly sliced and just enough salt to please any palate. the uniqueness of the dish is really just all contained in the waffle as a base instead of an English muffin. (Aw hell, you can't get away from the British either way you spin it...day-um.) 
To remain in denial, try the cinnamon sugar waffles with some chocolate chips on top. Don't use syrup. It's overkill. 
Also, props to Chhaya for doling out Mochas in the widest rimmed coffee mugs I've ever seen. No really. The Mocha came in a shallow basin. Perfect, I assume, for letting the chocolatey- coffee steam envelop your nasal cavities as you go to slurp your beverage.Chhaya's food is always delicious. They have an extensive coffee/beverage menu, and though I haven't had many of them, the drinks I've ordered there have been quite good. 
I usually find the employees to be standoffish and even snooty. Occasionally there will be a friendly person behind the counter but more often than not, they tend toward cold and judgy. It's not a place I feel welcome. Because of that I don't go there often, and when I do, it's always for takeout. I don't like to sit there to eat; I feel like I'm in the way or otherwise unwelcome.
If it weren't for that, my husband and I would eat there often! Their food really is delicious.This is a great brunch spot. Haven't had a dish here I didn't like, and the coffee and tea selections are also good. I also feel that they've done a good job of balancing portion size with price. I often find myself wishing that restaurants would make their portions a bit smaller and shave a couple bucks off the price, but not so much here. The atmosphere is pretty nice and chill. Service can be a little slow at times, but is courteous. It can also get a little cramped when it's busy. Overall, I'd recommend it. We're a 30 min walk away, but make a special trip over from time to time because we like it.I enjoy their food and the restaurant is nice and cozy and clean. The wait can be long on the weekend but that's because it's yummy! The o my issue I had was that the water glasses smelled like bleach.Great food and the portion sizes are just right.My go to brunch places on Sundays are Cake, dimsum in Chinatown, or occasionally our old favorite honeys. But this Sunday, we were with our friends, who I believe are connoisseurs of brunching, and followed them to chhaya after the zombie run since we were already in south Philly.
Oh south Philly... We can walk around in zombie face and no one even bats an eye... But I digress.
Chhaya was good! It's great for coffee/expresso/tea lovers. The French press and pour overs were fantastic options. I especially appreciated they had good Japanese green tea.  Service was a bit slow. Waiting about 15 minutes for coffee seems excessive, but we had no plans, so we didn't mind it too much. We arrived around 10:15 so there wasn't a wait. About two 4 tops were still open and they were also offering outdoor sidewalk seating but all empty tables were occupied within 10 minutes. I suggest going early if you don't want to wait too long.
Their huevros rancheros special was awesome! I'm not usually a fan of waffles, but the corn bread waffles went great with the chorizo, pico de gallo, fried egg, and hollandaise.  The stuffed French toast waffle (a French toast made into a waffle! Say what?!) was pretty good, and I usually don't like cream cheese in almost anything.
I liked it, but probably wouldn't go out of my way since I don't live anywhere near there. If I lived in south Philly I would probably frequent it more. There also is a cool spot in the very front that's adorable and seems like a great place to catch up with a friend over a very good cup of coffee.this place is nice. and good selection of lemonade drinks.
very chill.
watch out though, i think i was overcharged five dollars during a take out.A great brunch spot for those of you tired of the 'Green Eggs' and 'Sabrina's" hype (love those places, just not the wait!!). Came here on a Saturday afternoon around 130pm. We must have missed the rush and were luckily seated right away. We sat outside at one their several tables in front of the cafe.
The specials were incredible, it was hard for me to pick just one. I settled on the scrapple and hash brown waffles special. Best decision I made all day. The hash browns had minced onions and were perfectly crisp, since they put them in the waffle iron. The scrapple was also delicious for those who like to go outside the box for breakfast meats. Mild taste, but yummy. Topping it off were 2 perfect sunny side up eggs. See my picture for a visual confirmation. 
I also had the sparkling sage mint limeaid....so incredibly refreshing on a hot day. Definitely recommend that as well.
My boyfriend had "The Kate" sandwich, with arugula, gouda, and eggs on home made bread. Also very good, but the bread was kind of dry. The coffee was also amazing. 
Nothing really bad to say at all. We will definitely be back.Delicious waffles. The summer salad (arugula, cherry tomato, corn, tuna) is to die for. 
They also have a nice selection of tea, if you don't drink coffee.
Free wifi. Great place to study/work during weekday's afternoons. If you're looking for a waffle+coffee fix, come for brunch on a sunday afternoon.Espresso is solid. Chia is deliciously spicy. But the almond milk was the richest/flavorful I've ever had.Chhaya is the best brunch place in South Philly. 
You know the saying, "Dont judge a book by its cover," right? Well, that advice applies to Chhaya. From the outside, it looks like a little coffee spot, not unlike dozens of others in South Philly alone.
But go inside, see the menu and wow, will you have a surprise on your hands. Yes, the French pressed coffee is fabulous (among the best in the city, and I've had them all) but what really pleases is the breakfast selection. 
A menu based mostly around waffles isnt exactly ground-breaking. Yes Chhaya's delicious fluffy waffles are the perfect base for a number of delicious, creative plates. 
Are you interested in sweet waffles? Well, you're in luck. Choose from a number of delicious options, including Pumpkin and fruit adorned waffles. And there is a yogurt parfait, which I have not had but looks delicious. 
If you are more inclined to choose a savory breakfast item, Chhaya's got ya covered as well. I had the sausage gravy on a cornbread waffle. My wife got the eggs benedict waffle, which looked amazing. I can tell you the Hollandaise sauce was magnificent. There is also a waffles which comes with vegetarian chili, cheese and a fried egg. Outrageous!
As for the service and environment, there is simply a good feeling in the place. Maybe it is the synergy of a place on the verge of busting out, maybe it is people who really care. I dont know, I just love this spot. 
This is exactly the sort of place my wonderful home of East Passyunk needs more of.This is a great spot! Found on yelp, love the vegan/vegetarian options! My boyfriend still got to eat "normal" food like "a man"...but I got my style too. Love that they have oat milk for coffee creamer! Great coffee! The chicken & waffles were good, chicken a little salty but still good. Love it!Breakfast and brunch at Chhaya is award winning! The selection of tea and french press coffe is stellar. Chhaya offers a cozy cafe atmosphere tucked away on Passyunk Avenue. But the delicious food is a bonus! We have enjoyed Nutella muffins, classic waffles topped with fresh berries or huevos rancheros, and fresh sandwiches, goat cheese wraps, and paninis. My favorite dish may be the Kate sandwich! Every order is more satisfying and tasty than the next. The servers are pleasant, relaxed, and sincerely kind, friendly folks. A local gem! We look forward to our next brunch at Chhaya.Cornbread waffles. I never knew about cornbread waffles. This place changed my life with their
taco waffle - chorizo, cheese, salsa, avocado, sour cream on cornbread waffle
and good coffee
oh and staff was pleasant and on their game even on mega busy weekend
make it happenThe veggie chili waffle sounds strange, but it tastes like being wrapped up in a blanket on the couch watching three hours of The Wire (on a cold day)If you were to have told me before Friday the most heavenly of Tuscan-style meatballs from the skies above would float down gracefully onto my plate of waffles in a shaft of light-filled glory... all this with Jeff Buckley's Hallelujah as a musical backdrop, I would never ever have believed it. But, oh it happened. And my gosh it was a beautiful experience that you missed out on. And free wine??? Where am I? I'm sounding like a broken-record, but where's the LA equivalent?? Seriously, details need to come flooding into my Yelp inbox now, please. 
My week-long jaunt on the east coast is proving magical, and this pit-stop has been the highlight so far that it demanded a second visit today for coffee/lunch. Going back to Friday dinner though, the figs w/ blue cheese and prosciutto, a mouth-watering bacon wrapped cheese thing, and an eggplant relish sang to us, ...and I'm not afraid to admit I cried with joy. 
Today, to confirm I wasn't dreaming, I went in again with a friend to show off this discovery--my first taste of expertly-prepared siphon coffee (Intelligentsia in LA needs to get with it!), veggie chili waffles and the moistest of vegan cupcakes I've ever had. They gave us a bag of Chhaya trail mix on the house, and [sigh] ...tears yet again. No shame.Not to be fooled by name, this is not an Indian restaurant but a great breakfast place. We went on 4th of July weekend and their next door expansion was in works.
Healthy, organic breakfast items and their own baked bread. A great way to start the day!Decided to give this place a try today in lieu of the other Philadelphia brunch spots and I must say I was glad I did. The wait for a table was typical for a weekend morning / afternoon. The staff was pleasant and prompt. The menu for food was very extensive but I was more impressed with large coffee menu with options of single origin beans as well. I ordered the special stuffed waffle French toast. No longer will I have to choose between French toast or waffles while out brunching. Love the flavor since the neither the French toast or waffle taste was overpowering but rather a nice balance. For my caffeine fix I had a dulce de leche latte which was just the perfect amount of sweet and airy. I got no complaints and will probably be a repeat customer.I am so glad I found Chhaya Cafe during my work trip in Philadelphia.  It is a casual cafe with wifi and some amazing sandwiches!!  The staff at the counter are always kind and helpful.  I love my BLT sandwich with a fried egg.  I love it even more because it comes with a small salad with strawberries.  I've also had the smoked salmon sandwich with a fried egg, which was equally great.  But the BLT definitely blew me away!!  I wasn't a big fan of the chai latte..which is why I'm giving it a 4 instead of 5 stars.  But the sandwiches here deserve some praises!  Get some!The coffee is excellent, the food is good, but the service is challenging.  I have yet to ever see the owner greet any of the customers. The servers follow his lead because they rarely acknowledge or greet customers when they enter the restaurant. It would be nice, if just once, the wait staff would ask how the meal was mid way through. Getting water or coffee refilled becomes a chore at times. This could be a great place but it lacks overall consistency with service.