Ordered a house salad and mussels:
Salad consisted of iceberg lettuce, 4 cherry tomatoes and French fries on top.  Very bland and u satisfying at 
The mussels were ok -- served in thick, Parmesan cheese covered marinara sauce so no broth for dipping. Cold, stale bread was served on the side but was essentially inedible.  Ordered the dish because it was highlighted I the menu "award winning"....however it was mediocre at best.
Truthfully, the highlight of the meal was the wine selection and the fries...
Service was fast and cordial...
Would only return for a drink ... Maybe try a burger?Food was good but I think server 700300065 Amanda had better things to do than help the people in her area.Really, they deserve a 1/2 star.
Ordered the roast pork sandwich and crab fries.  The roast pork sandwich is supposed to be hot, but it was cold.  Further, the bun was not cut all the way through so I essentially had to rip it (plastic cutlery is not particularly effective.)  I told my server the sandwich was not hot.  She returns it with attitude and clearly the entire basket was thrown in the microwave.  The pickles were hot and so were the hot peppers.  I simply asked for fresh pickles and peppers.  The peppers I got were obviously from the bottom of the jar, all stems, seeds, and pith.  The sandwich is served with a side of greasy-looking dipping juice.  Had it been prepared correctly, I bet this sandwich would be an "average sandwich at an airport."
I am giving the crab fries a half star.  Though they are frozen, they were right out of the fryer, crisp and not soggy in any way and seasoned well with Bay.  The accompanying sauce is some flavorless white cheese sauce, and you get two.  The serving is huge ($6) and you cannot get half an order.  I ate about 10.
The server was busy, obviously they are understaffed.  Poor management, I suppose.  I had to stand up to get her attention to pay my bill since I needed to catch a flight.  She sucked too.  Poor attitude.  Don't take it out on the customers, lady.
Next time I am at this terminal, I will be Dionne Warwick and Walk On By.Food is great and I always grab to food and go to flight. Friendly and take care of passengers who are in rush to catch their plane. Recommended for everyone to stop by at this store.This is for Terminal E waiting for Frontier flight. Service is slow, crab fries are over-priced and overhyped. Think I got my sodium intake for the month with a quarter of a portion. Need more people servicing the bar and a little faster service in the kitchen. Would I come back? Only if other bars were closed.I made a random decision to stop for lunch after a flight.  My server was very quick and friendly.  I ordered the cheesesteak with peppers and onions along with the crab fries. The cheese steak bread was cold and slightly stale.  The cheesesteak and cheese was hot, which made eating the sandwich a little more tolerable....until I found a cellophane jar seal embedded in the meat and cheese.  I assumed it came from the jar the peppers were dispensed from because the peppers were cold too.  Fries?  Cold.  The dipping sauce for the fries was decent, but overall, I was very disappointed with my meal.  I think if the food was hot and the bread was warm, I probably would have enjoyed it, but almost gnawing on plastic was a deal breaker.Stopped in on a long layover. There were plenty of seats available and three waitresses tending to customers but I had to wait for about 10 minutes before my waitress came to take my drink order. I then had a very long wait for my drink and all I ordered was an iced tea. I ordered my food and waited a very long time again for it to show. I ordered onion rings for a side and they never showed up. When I was ready to pay the bill and asked that the rings be removed from the bill the waitress was suprised that I did not want to continue waiting for them??????? It will be a long time if ever before I visit this place again.Had high expectations of this place. I was severely let down. First off the water taste like sewage. Bartender told us the crabby fries were amazing! However...they were just fries sprinkled with old bay and cheese sauce. Stay away from the crabby fries. Got the $27 lobster roll...I have to say it was by far the worst sandwich I have ever gotten. No flavor. The lobster was definitely not fresh at all. Worst $40 lunch I have ever had. Stay away from this place in the airport. Gross.It's better than most airport food. I have never been to their "real" location, and only eaten at the airport ones. It's decent enough. My husband and I will normally split a wrap or sandwich of some sorts, and get the crab fries (which are so good). The beer is always cold, and the staff have always been friendly. Definitely one of the better options to go and sit down and eat at.Horrible cheese steak!!! The crab fries were pretty good but over all just bad. The service is sub par, but it is at the airport, so I get it.SALTY.  They might as well just serve salt licks here.
I had a layover and thought to grab some food to go.  Huge mistake to stop at Chickie's and Pete's.  Everything here is salt overload up the wazoo.  If you want to toss out most of what you buy or if you suffer from extreme salt deficiency, go here for sure.
The crab fries were inedible because whatever seasoning they use is 99% salt.  The cheesesteak was dry and salty.  After two bites of the cheesesteak and a few nibbles of fries, I tossed it all and bought a sandwich and large drink (a must after the attempt to overwhelm me by sodium overdose) over at Chick-Fil-A.  At least there were no surprises there.I ordered their famous crab fries and philly cheese steak. I honestly think it is over rated. The crab fries tasted like regular fries and the cheese sauce was way too artificial tasting for my liking. It was incredibly thick and I felt sick after eating a quarter of the fries (probably should have shared it with someone). The cheese steak was good for an airport quality food, but it was nothing compared to what is actually served in Philly.Good place to sit and wait in the Philadelphia airport. Food is nothing to write home about. Draft beer selection won't excite those looking for a quality craft beer. Food is on par with a Buffalo Wild Wings, microwaved and served.Waitresses had attitudes. Floors and tables were dirty. Food was okay. Went on a not too busy Saturday and was disappointed. I'll go elsewhere next time.This is the second time we have eaten at this restaurant. The bartender was terrible and couldn't remember her name. The burger my wife ordered didn't come out for about 30 minutes! Who cooks a burger that long? It was very well done and resembled a hockey puck. The burger my wife ordered didn't come with cheddar cheese so the cooks put American cheese without the bartender asking if it was okay. When my wife told the server the wrong cheese was on the burger, she copped an attitude. I will never eat at one of these restaurants again.Had a crab cake sandwich and fries before my flight. It was pretty nice. Very quick service. No complaints.Fun Fun place I like the hooray of the place I love the atmosphere it is good for us none sports fan if your other half loves sports both of you will like it Fries are to die for...This is the Philadelphia airport version of the famous sports bar.  Looks like a good atmosphere and friendly service.   Well set up for watching the game.  
My barbecue wings were absolutely amazing, the perfect combination of crispy, juicy, tangy, and spicy.
The nachos tasted good, but large and messy.  Not ideal when you are traveling.....with a baby.
There is a dark bar on one side of the hallway, and a well lit one on the other side.  They have a good beer selection and what looks like a great specialty cocktail menu!Crab Fries and Yuengling are as good here as they are at the stand alone locations. Not sure what more you're looking for from Chickie's & Pete's in the Airport. 
If you're from out of town and have never had Crab Fries & Yuengling I highly recommend grabbing some before your flight.Worst service ever. Waited 20 minutes for the waiter to come to our table. Never showed up. So we left the bar/dining area .went to counter to order our food to go and the cashier was on her phone we and to wait until she was done texting. Then someone facetimed  her and as the line got longer it was Luke we were all bothering her.
Owners need to have a cell phone policy. People are here to work not to be on. Their phones.
I will stop by here again.which is a shame because I have been here many times before.Very tasty crap fries!  Great place to chill out waiting for your plane!  Get the clam chowder!Grabbed food at Chickie's And Pete's while waiting for my flight at the PHL. Ordered the Bordentown Sandwich off the special breakfast menu.
Quality
Stuck in the airport for a good deal of time before my flight, I decided to grab breakfast. I visited Chickie's And Pete's as the nearby chains in the terminal were not speaking to me. I ended up ordering the Bordentown Sandwich, which was pork roll, scrambled eggs, and cheese sauce put on a massive sesame seed loaf of bread. It also came with a small pile of fries, one that seemed more like an afterthought than something that belonged with the sandwich. The sandwich was absurd with a hunk of eggs, two small slices of pork roll, and then a terrible cheese sauce. However, it was the bread that was two times too thick for the sandwich that made it a chore to eat. The fries meanwhile were the best part of the meal. Crispy and covered with paprika, they were tasty with some ketchup. All in all, I think this spot is probably one better suited for a beer than any food.
Quantity
The sandwich was massive, but way too much bread compared to the limited filling. Especially the pork roll, which was barely even  represented. Meanwhile, the pile of fries were very sad to look at.
Value
The Bordentown Sandwich came in at $9, which is expensive even for airport prices. They should consider offering a cheaper half sandwich option, because it is too much food for breakfast anyway.
Ambiance
This location of Chickie's And Peter's is found in Terminal E of Philadelphia International Airport. Most of the surrounding food options are popular chains, so I decided this local option would be more fun. The location has three sections. The first of which was a sit down restaurant area. Decorated in a sports bar fashion, this area was decked out in memorabilia and was pretty closed off from the airport. Made for someone looking for a change of scenery from the monotony that is the airport. Next to this section is a take-out window, which I used to order my food. It is just a small counter with a menu plastered up on a board above the stand. Then on the other side of the take-out window is a bar oriented area. It was not busy early in the morning, but this section was more open and gave a full view to nearby gates. Perfect for people who are worried if they don't pay attention they may miss their flights. Both sit down areas had multiple televisions showing sports channels, and both areas had bar seating available.
Crowd
I ordered from the take-out window that had several other customers in line. In the morning the bar section of the restaurant was very calm, but a good deal of people were eating breakfast at tables in the sit down restaurant part. On weekends I'm sure this is the hot spot, especially since it is one of the few bars in this terminal.
Service
The girl at the desk was fine, but clearly not excited to be at work on a holiday. My food came out relatively quickly, which is good for folks on the go.
Parking
It is located inside Philadelphia International Airport, so hopefully you already made plans for your vehicle.
Extra
I have relatively low expectations for airport eateries and Chickie's And Pete's did not change my mind. You are probably better off sticking with the standard casual chains over this spot for breakfast. However, if you are looking to have a drink and watch a game while you wait, this spot probably would be alright.First off, the food is fine. Nothing to complain about. As far as the service goes, it's terrible. Sat at the bar and whoever Andrew V is, is horrible. He didn't check on his patrons and when I needed something, he was nowhere to be found. What a clown.Horrible service. There were probably 5 people at the bar and 8 waitresses bumbling about. They watched me sit at the bar in anticipation for 20 minutes before I was able to flag anyone down. By then it was too late to order anything. I love their crab fries but what a disgrace. We should move to a fully tip-based wage to light a fire under some of these lazy bums.We sat at the bar waiting for our flight and the food was great and so was the bartender!  However, the gentleman next to us waited 25 mins for his order of mussels.  He asked to speak with a manger, who happened to be the chef, came out and basically blamed the customer for ordering the mussels.  He did apologize, sort of, but I have worked in restaurants for almost 15 yrs. and never seen a manager tell a customer that it was because he "only has 4 burners in the kitchen and everyone in the restaurant is ordering mussels. "  YOU'RE IN AN AIRPORT!!!!  If your dishes are going to take over 15 min you have an obligation to tell the customer because they just might have a plane to catch.Stopped in today for lunch. The food was terrible, and the server was absolutely the rudest person that I have encountered in Philadelphia. We had a party of four, the server never asked if we needed separate checks. When we got the check, we asked if it could be split. The server proceeded to throw a fit, saying that the manager would have to do it, and it would take fifteen to twenty minutes. When my coworker asked to have it split, the server jerked the receipt out of my coworker's hand and stormed off. When the server returned, we commented on his actions and demeanor he became even more rude and defensive. Three beers and a sandwich cost $50, and it was served with a side of bad attitude. I will never spend another penny at any Chickies and Pete's. Total garbage!A Chickies in the airport is always a perfect last stop before leaving Philadelphia. Crab Fries are the same as every other location. It's sacrilege to hate on them!
Be aware it is always packed. Service, especially when you're about to board a flight is slower than Ryan Howard trying to round first.The fries were GOOD  but the bartender wasn't paying attention to when  some one bought me a drink and I had to pay for it myself luckily one of the ladies next to me bought me one to make up for it and I was happy. But i should have not had to pay for it I don't think it's ok for them to have an attitude when u tell them either  It's an airport  though what do u expect mQuite possibly the worst food I've ever had in my entire life. We ordered the Chicken Philly (after a mediocre regular philly the last time we were there), and I don't know how whatever was put in front of us could pass as chicken! And the cheese sauce was absolutely horrendous! We had 2 bites and had to leave the rest, which was painful considering the price. Service was great however! Friendly staff and a good atmosphere for an airport bar/restaurant.Mediocre food and god awful service. Server didn't wipe our table down until we asked, not to mention we had to
Clear the crap the previous patrons had left on the table -- they weren't even busy. Tw wrong drinks came out and we never received at least one item we asked for several times. I've honestly never seen such incompetent wait staff. Food did not compensate.Deserves 5*s, except for not offering a side order of fries with sandwiches (the baskets are too much and a waste for 1-2 people also ordering something else). Matt is an excellent bartender (outstanding service and sense of humor) and makes a perfect Lemon Drop Martini! And no matter which C&P location I visit, you can never go wrong with the Italian Chicken Cutlet Sandwich. Yuuuuuummmmmm!I don't think there are enough Chickie and Pete's Yelp listings in the airport. With that being said, this review is for terminal e.
Bar and table seats are seat yourself. It only took about 5 minutes of waiting before we could snag a table. Pro tip: you can't hear flight announcements further back in the restaurant. If that's a concern, sit towards the entrance. 
Our server, Jared, is my real reason for this update. He seemed more polished, professional and pleasant than most other airport servers I've encountered.
I struggle to eat healthily at Chickie's, but he let me modify the Signature Wrap so I essentially ended up with a buffalo chicken wrap with grilled chicken. 
The beer list is blah and the wines are pricy, but you gotta do what you gotta do in the airport. Especially if your flight is delayed.
The Chickie's in terminal e was not a bad place to grab a bite and throw back a few beverages during my recent flight delay.I got off a flight and my ride told me they were going to be an hour late. I was annoyed, and I wanted some shrimp. I had a decent shrimp dish from other Chickie's and Pete's in the past, so I decided to take a risk on the "Hot Shrimp: Airport Edition."
To my surprise, it was no different than the other locations. The shrimp was cooked well, and the bread loaf was fresh and delicious. 
Biggest downside? I planned to sit at the bar so I could get in and out fast and not take up a table. I sat there for about 5 minutes at a mostly empty bar, while a bartender wiped stuff off and chatted with a server, ignoring me. Then he walked over (unsurprised by my presence) and asked me what he could get for me. In a place where literally every single customer is in a hurry, why would they ignore someone. I have never had to announce my presence to any other bartender I have ever met. 
That was very lame, but the food came out quickly and it was good. If they can manage to make a decent shrimp dish, maybe they don't ruin other things. Take the risk!Food was pretty good, but the service at the to go counter left a lot to be desired.  Very slow with no sense of urgency or particular concern.Worst steak and cheese in America! Tasted like it came out of the dishwasher. Service sucked. Dark and loud. Very overpriced tooChickie's & Pete's, in general, could do a whole lot better.  I'm a local and grew up in Philly.  This place is kind of a disgrace.  We have much better food and fun in this town than this place reflects.
Chickie's has gotten cocky.  They have a bunch of locations now but most of them suck.  This airport location in Terminal E is no different.  Super cramped.  I was at a table where I had to hunch under a shelf of old beer cans on display.  My head kept hitting it.
There was a 5-10 min line just to be seated, the staff was inattentive.  They got my order wrong.  I asked for a chicken cheesesteak and got a regular steak.  It wasn't cut in the middle, more like at the 25% mark, and both sides of the roll were open.  Um, how am I supposed to keep the meat in?  It also came with a fork & knife...what?!  It's not a fine steak dinner...it's a sandwich!  Even better, they gave me a plastic fork & knife that looked like metal.  There weren't even fried onions on the steak.  What kinda place is this?  
My finished food sat at my table for an unacceptable amount of time...probably 15 give or take.  It's an airport, where you need to catch planes.  Do you want people to have to get up and skip on the check because you won't come to the table?
Chickie's, over the past few years, has let me down.  I'm gonna say that it almost, flat out, sucks...but it's not at that point yet.  Just a small step above.  Maybe it just kinda blows a little bit instead.  Their food isn't even really that good.  
Oh, and a Sam Adams tall was $10.25.Not great airport food. Philadelphia International Airport has a very poor selection of restaurants. Stopped in for a sandwich and a drink. Got a classic burger. They only  have provolone and American cheese. No cheddar.Slow service - understandable but ordered fries after sandwich came out and they didn't come for 30 min yet the table next to me got them in 10.  Ordered a cheesesteak and the bread was so dry it fell apart in my hands so I ended up having to eat the meat alone with a fork.  I sure won't be coming here again for food.  Atmosphere is good so if you just want a drink it's a great place and TVs and music were good to pass time.I have been here twice now and have had terrible service. Waitressing have attitude. Bartender dropped the water off and her braids were dangling in my food. Food and drinks take FOREVER!!!! I will not come back again.I'm from Atlanta and I've never heard of this place. Walking by I caught a glimpse of someone's food and it looked good so I decided I've give it a shot. "Can't be too bad for airport food" I told myself. I was so surprised at just how good the crab fries and cheese steak nachos were awesome! I can't wait to fly back to philly to try this again!!!!Worst version of a philly cheese steak, we knew the airport was not the best place , but this was really bad..So I have been here many times, and I have to say, there is one young lady that I have to commend! Her name is Tanya and she works in the bar. She always has a smile on her face and is happy to greet every customer no matter how heck the situation is. 
Like I said I've been here many times, and never have I met such a positive person who is passionate about what she does. Just wanted to give her kudos!
Had the snow crab tonight, and most of it was awesome, till the last three pieces... It was mushy, and I'm sure because it was previously frozen. Also had the hot roast beef sandwich to accompany! 
Should have ordered the crab fries, as they are awesomesauce!! 
Great place to wait for your flight!!Wow I sit down while talking on the phone and the bartender comes over, Interupts my conversation asking what I want to drink. I pause and say I'm good for right now (was going to order when I got off my call) and he goes on a rant about "I don't go over and take up space in your living room do I, I'm trying to make a living here"  How are you in a customer service job? Go where they appreciate your business, not here.One of the worst customer services ever. We waited almost half an hour to get a menu (it was not even crowded). Very rude waitress. She brought our check right after we ordered our drinks and did not even ask if we need anything else. Never coming back.The crab was really good, but the service was painfully slow for an airport restaurant.Pretty good for airport food! Ordered a few drinks, mussels in red sauce and the crabbiefries (I think thats what they are called?). The fries are amazing, so amazing I just could not stop eating them- then I looked down and had demolished about 80% of the basket alone. YIKES. 
The service was slow, but it was because there wasn't a lot of help, when we did get the waitress she was super kind and treated us great.We usually go to the south Philly location, but didn't make it this trip. Great to know they have a location in the airport. Chicke and Pete's is a definite must stop when in Philly!! You will beak your diet but the fries are to die for. Bittersweet that Chicago does not have a location... I would be there weekly!!Cold food and even colder service. I'm sure not everyone likes to work in the morning, but don't be a "jerk" (putting it nicely)!  Service at the bar was the slowest I have seen anywhere....and mind you there were only a handful of people in the entire restaurant. First time in my life I have ever left very little tip....feel bad but she didn't deserve the little that I left. If you can.....skip this place and save your money!We stopped in here for a drink and a sandwich while waiting for our flight to New Orleans in the Terminal C location.   We shared a pork roll and egg on a hoagie roll with some fries.  It was standard fare, nothing exceptional. We had a drink each.  I went to the bar to order another, and after 10 minutes wasn't served...no one came to wait one me and I couldn't catch the attention of the original waitress/bartender who took our order..... Oh well. Probably didn't need that 2nd drink anyway.  Standard pricey airport fare. Drinks and food are outrageously priced for a captive audience. To be expected.Good spot for an airport bar. I will always remember the first time I tried these "World Famous Crab Fries." It was at this bar...and the cravings took off from there. From looking at other posts...service seems to be a problem...I guess I had a little special treatment for being in military uniform, but the bartender took care of me and my buddy! First round was on the house, and the next few drinks were on us, but usually bars give you this small glass...here we had tall glasses! The prices weren't too bad either...you should expect to pay a little more at the airport. I was pleased...and if I come through Philly again...I'll be sure to grab some fries and a mixed drink!Clutch, go to place when you have down time at the airport and are looking to make your tummy happy. Service is not lightning fast but once you order the food comes out fast.  Always get the crab fries if your other food isn't great you'll have the fries to fall back on. I'm partial to the chicken cutlet sandwiches - another Philly sandwich that doesn't get as much press as the cheesesteak and I don't know why.  This time I got the Hot shrimp -peel and eat. Sort of like a New Orleans style barbecue shrimp but on a smaller scale and not as spicy. Comes with cocktail sauce and a half a loaf of sesame seeded Italian bread. Very good.You may have to go to this place if you are in terminal E if you want a drink with lunch or dinner, but if you have a choice keep away. The food at this place is absolutely terrible - I had dry chicken sandwich and my wife had a awful Philly cheesesteak. To make it worse there are pictures of the tool of an owner with celebrities plastered all over the wall like this place is the place to beGood bar food, great to watch games while waiting for plane.  Mixed drinks are much better deal than beer, cost wise.I don't know if it's just that people in Philly are generally rude or this is the worst airport in America, but the service here is pretty awful. 
Food was good, beer was cold, it's an airport bar so it is what it is but in 2 locations, 5 different bartenders and/or waitresses were disgusted I asked simple questions trying to figure out which one of these was open late enough to watch the football game while I'm waiting for a delayed flight. 
If I had another option right now I'd move.The airport mussels suck big time
They are so delicious at Parx
What gives?
Waitress should learn how to smile
I'm stressed enough with a delayed flight
Too bad it's the only bar open in terminal  ESupposed garlic roast beef wrap was sandwich meat wrapped in a tortilla, though portion was huge thus the 2nd star.
A hamburger arrived 25 minutes later so def not a place for anyone in a hurry. Seasoned fries could be dipped in cheesewhiz. Unless u need a dark pub setting, go elsewhereI know, it's airport food.  But this was less then airport food.  I got a burger and fries.  It took 15 minutes.  This was the 'to go' area. I know that because they wouldn't let me bring it into the actual restaurant proper.  The burger was a warm patty with a piece of cheese on a cold/frozen bun.  Borderline inedible.  The fries were a huge vat, so salty they actually WERE inedible.  I literally could have asked my father in law to save me a salt lick from the farm and then have taken a bite.  That bad.  Go anywhere else but here.We flew into Philadelphia International for layover before heading back home to San Diego. As soon as we landed, our first mission was to get the lowdown on the best cheesesteak in close proximity to the airport. The airport staff, airport concierge, and locals unanimously pointed towards Chickie's and Pete's.
I would like to say that I'm used to an overstuffed cheesesteak, but the one at Chickie's and Pete's was pretty much on point. I got some peppers on mine just to add a little more moisture to the sandwich because it was a bit dry. Definitely go for the combo fries because the cheese dip and sweet glaze dip they have with it is amazing. What killed me the most was not being able to have a pint with my meal. Staying in Europe conditioned me to the pint and meal deal, but here I am in my home soil, with no pint... 
Final Verdict: a good stab at getting a good cheesesteak if you're not able to make it into the city before your next flight.Found Chickie & Pete's right across from my gate (C31) so I stopped by to have a few drinks and a light meal prior to catching my flight. They have 8-9 beers on tap, most of them domestic junk plus some Heineken and Amstel - nothing fancy. Beer is priced at about what youd expect ($5.50/pint or ~$9 for the larger glass). For food, I had the mussels in their garlic white sauce. The sauce is more of a garlic butter sauce than what I think of when someone says "white sauce" but it was tasty and they provide plenty of bread to dip it with as you're eating the mussels. The mussels themselves were okay, nothing special but you get a pretty large portion for $12, which is fairly reasonable considering the overpriced atmosphere of most airport dining establishments. Service was polite throughout. Overall a decent but unremarkable experience.Greasy food, good service, slightly exorbitant prices. The place can do better but relegated itself to airport food and bar. I was so looking forward to the Philly Chicken but it was too cheesy / greasy. 
Also, the $7 for potato fries definitely is ridiculously high, and to call them Crab fries is definitely misleading. I think I will skip them the next time I am in Philadelphia.My first mistake was taking food advice from a pilot holding a sbarro carton - he said a good cheesesteak was to be found here.
No.
No wiz, no provo, no onions. Overcooked flavorless meat smothered in a cheese like substitute. Disgusting.Poor service. Bartender forgot my water and ate and gossiped in the back the entire time. Basically ignored us. I got the salad with steamed shrimp. I was hoping for fresh steamed but these were old and dry. Also had some cold fries thrown on top of it. Crab fry bisque was meh as well. Bud lights were the highlight of our time here. Step your game up chickies I'm usually a fan!Stopped here during a long layover at PHL airport. The cheesesteak was a huge disappointment as it had so little meat I barely knew I was eating one. The roll was huge and there was a lot of sauce through which I could not even taste the small amount of meat therein. The crabfries were basic (lightly seasoned crinkle fries with sides of dipping sauce), and as such, overpriced, even for an airport.Woof. This place is the pits. I blame our hunger for giving up and settling on this dump. 
We ordered some sweet potato fries that were ok. But obviously frozen. 
Then our entrees came. I ordered a salad with shrimp. They came still frozen. Not ok.  That's when we asked for a manager. It took 15 minutes for someone to notice we were trying to flag someone. 
They took our entrees off the bill and we headed elsewhere. 
Airport food is terrible and they took it to a new low. Please do your self a favor and go anywhere else.If you can, I highly recommend that you do not eat here.  Well... you can, but it may be disappointing depending on what your expectations are.  I thought it would be decent after reading the reviews, but I was still left feeling like I was ripped off.  The crab fries seem to be what drew me in.  I had never had or heard of crab fries.  It was huge, and expensive... and just fries with cheese sauce... mediocre cheese sauce.  
The BF and I shared a sandwich too, it was decent.  Perhaps I would not be so depressed about this place if we just stuck with the sandwich... 
Ok.. so you can try it... just don't get the overpriced fries with cheese sauce.  It is nothing to write home about.Chickie's and Pete's blows.  Their food is basically the same as at Hooters, only tastes worse.  This is a good spot to binge on light beer on tap and watch a Phils or Flyers game, but don't go there hungry or you will settle for less.I'm not impressed. The owner required his waitresses to pay "Pete's tax" from their tips. Sad. It's not like waitresses make a lot of money. Otherwise there are chicken wings are good.My fiancé and I stopped in here before heading off to Chicago. The bartender wasn't overly inviting. The drinks weren't too bad. I ordered a Bloody Mary and asked for it to be spicy, which it wasn't, but it still had good flavor. The breakfast itself wasn't too bad, but could have had more. The prices for 3 drinks and 2 meals was around $37. I would suggest going to the actual place near the airport.Hope you're not in a hurry... Plenty of lunch time business and completely understaffed. The bartender is so busy ignoring you and cleaning and running around it may be awhile before you get a drink. Might be wise to have a bartender who actually tends bar.I don't think it is the most bogus place. I wish I would have went somewhere different. The beer selection was not great. They did have Hop Devil on tap, so that is an alright beer. I always think, "Hell, I may die on this plane ride, so I might as well make a few dumb choices including spending $9 on a decent last beer. The remaining funds in my bank account would be shared by my family, so in all reality, one last $9 beer really is not a bad deal."Pretty good bread and an okay cheesesteak, despite a house made but not very exciting cheese sauce (and the fact that they also offer you peppers and mushrooms).  Crab fries are typically generic frozen fries with seasoning added but it's ridiculous that they only offer an extra, extra large size which means they're extra expensive and most will get thrown out. Service at the bar today was atrocious, truly about the worst I've seen in a long time and she gave the same horrible service to pretty much everyone. The A terminal "international" section is devoid of good dining options, but I won't return to Chickie & Pete's in the airport if I can avoid it.Was horrible experience.  Our visit was on 4/3/15 with a party of 5.   The mussels used to overflow on bowl.  The mussels were even with top of bowl and only approximately 1 inch of juice in bottom.  We will never go again.  I have tried from multiple phones to write my bad review on their website shocking it never goes thru.  No stars if u had minus stars that's where I would be headed.The clam chowder satiated my hunger after a long flight across the country. It wasn't the best nor the worst, but the plastic bowl and spoon didn't make the meal more pleasurable. Having been located in the airport, I'm sure tacky silverware would adhere to security standards, but part of eating out is really about the experience.Just ok, but I think I missed the right stuff on the menu.  I was at the airport and got some chicken wrap that was good, but not really great.   I think it was airport fast food they were slinging out of the side door.  Bar looked packed, bet the drinks were good and a sit down meal could have made it better...next time.Service was pretty bad in that I only saw my waitress 3 times each after waiting and looking around a bit - waiting for a menu, waiting to order, (someone else brought my food) and then waiting for the check.  The place was pretty much empty - I think she was just busy talking to her buddy.  Food was mediocre.  Not much choice at PHL, but I'll go elsewhere next time.I'm giving this place only four stars because it's way expensive more so than usual. 
I mean I love chickie and Petes and get it whenever i come home but the airport prices are almost as bad if not worse than boardwalk prices.Good sports bar with lots of TVs. Crab legs are very good. All your favorite bar food and then some. Was surprised at the low reviews. A friend insisted on coming here and am glad we did.Came here for the breakfast! Philly cheese steak for breakfast?! Heck yeah! Plus they serve it with their crab fries! The only thing missing is the side of cheese sauce!It was my own fault for not reading the reviews before coming to this place. Read through the menu and was excited about crab fries assuming they had crab on them. They did not... just fries with seasoning on them for $6.50... and I wanted some protein. What a fail...I realize they're not known for their breakfast but this was just awful. The pork roll had barely hit the grill, the roll fell apart and was stale, and the fries had to have been from yesterday. Don't waste your time or money here in the morning.Indifferent at best. I've eaten at south philly and Drexel hill location , and prefer south philly. Figure three people get one sandwich each and a soda each, end up at $60. I have no problem paying for a good meal, but I feel like local pizzerias have better to offer. Those fries are always good though - sweet potato prob better than "crab".   I've gotten the chicken cutlet sandwich both times , and was kinda disappointed . Just not what I expected from all the hypeService was horrible! Waitress was rude. Took my order and never came back until the bill was ready. Other waiters bought out my food and drinks. She never asked me how the food was or was there anything else that I needed. She walked by me and never  acknowledged me until it was time to pay.
The food was cold and salty. Ordered a turkey wrap and I had a ton of salt in it fries were cold. Do not go to this place better restaurants in the area.Worst service ever!!!! Kris, is extremely RUDE to all guests, not just us, so her rudeness was evenly distributed. My family and I watched her ignore countless guests, mainly when they, as well as we were ready to leave. No stars!!!Philly cheesesteak was off the hook! Super nice staff that was funny and friendly and their cheesesteak was even better than I hoped for. Keep it up! :)I can't complain. I was 2 hours early for my flight, the Red Sox were playing (ok ok, the Phillies weren't on - I would have preferred it if they were) and rather than sit at my gate I hoped to pass time by spending very little (I only had $2 left in my wallet) and watching the game.
I got free water and not much else. This is good and bad. I didn't want hassle, or to be nagged to buy something to stay there. Which I wasn't. Win. But I was also kinda hoping for some sort of hot drink, like a decaf coffee (I wanted to sleep on the flight), or tea, or hot chocolate. They didn't have any of these.
Bill Clinton likes it and so does J-Roll, so it's good enough for me. But I don't really think I went there for what it does best (i.e. not decaf coffee) so I'll save further judgment until I go back.My bartender was the sweetest thing ever and she kept cool while dealing with fat, obnoxious Eagles fans. The Crabbey Ale was tasty. Salad meh.Over use of the word "famous"
Wings were a bit soggy. Crab fries were good but not "famously" good. The side orders are meant to be shared. For an individual traveling solo, they should offer half orders or combo options.
Sat at the bar after the togo window was rude. Bar service was par.The service was just as if I had inconvenienced the waitress's day. Couldn't care less attitude. Typical fast food. Big portions though .HORRIBLE service. Waited 20 minutes to order, 10 more minutes just for drinks. Waitress was bringing out ONE item from the kitchen at a time. This is an airport restaurant, service should be its best asset. What we thought would be a nice lunch for the hour and 15 minutes until our flight ended up being us scarfing down our food to finish in time. I would not suggest unless you have over an hour and a half before your flight.I need a final cheesesteak fix before my flight out of Philly.  Couldn't make it to the Tony Luke's spot in the airport so I went with Chickie's and Pete's.  Plus, I my friend ws raving about their signature crab fries.  
So all in all not a bad experience.  Cheesesteak was pretty good and I made sure to ask for extra cheese on mine.  I went with American since they didn't offer Wiz.  For someone who usually eats pretty healthy normally I like a nice neon orange fake cheese product for my cheesesteak.  None of that provolone crap.  I was starved and ate all of it.
I felt obligated to try their crab fries (i.e., crinkle fries with old bay seasoning). Not sure this really justifies $6 for a side of fries and a cheese dipping sauce but so be it.  The fries were crispy and not greasy but there is way too much old bay seasoning on them for my taste.  They'd be a million times better if there was say half as much seasoning on them.  Didn't much care for the cheese dipping sauce.  Not real taste in my opinion and it set up pretty quickly so I couldn't really dip my fries in it.  I basically had to scoop the sauce out with my fry.Don't be fooled by the menu name, there is nothing "crab" in the crabfries! They are fries with an over abundance of salty old bay like seasoning.There is nothing worse than being hungry 25 minutes before a flight starts to board.  
Open seating at this location, with the menus arriving with our server moments later after we sat down.  My partner ordered clam chowder and I ordered some sort of cheesy potato soup with lots of seafood in it.  About 5 to 8 minutes later the soup arrived.  The clam chowder my partner ordered was delicious but it was obvious it had been microwaved due to the signs of burnt soup residue around the edges of the soup bowl.  My potato cheese seafood thing was tasty, but luke warm and the potatoes were kind of hard and crunchy.  When our server came back to check on us, I asked her if she wouldn't mind microwaving my soup for another 30 seconds. She took my bowl and ten minutes later it came back so hot that she could barely hold it with her potholder. 
With my stomach growling and only 10 minutes left to eat, I poured my icewater into it, which brought it back to the lukewarm temperature that it was when I got it.  It feels  to me that the person in charge of warming my soup was being passive aggressive.  Can't prove it, don't know that for sure, but my intuition tells me that my sending my soup back to be microwaved for an additional 30 seconds was unacceptable. 
I felt disregarded, frustrated and don't think I would ever step foot in this location again.I travel 200,000+ miles a year so I have the measure of what is reasonable to expect from an airport restaurant -- a very low bar. And this place fails miserably. I ate here once about a year ago and the service was rude, slow, and condescending. Bad waitstaff member I thought. It happens. I just tried again and had the same experience. I am unwilling to pay to be treated rudely by the servers. Oddly, the place was only half full so no excuse for the behavior. Find someplace else in the airport and save the pain.One word... Crab fries. Personally I like the crabby sweets with the cheese sauce, but the originals are good too!Eh just eh but my diet pepsi was refreshing :) had garlic roast beef wrap it was decent but processed beef kinda idk doesnt compare to a buffalo beef on weckDelicious World Famous Crabfries!! My waitress was very busy though as other staff members watched.Ordered the Calamari. Undercooked and crispy coated bits slid off in a greasy mess. Tried but couldn't eat more than a couple and they were not concerned or worried about a transient issue. AvoidFirst time eating here. Headed back home to New Orleans, land of good eats! Had the pulled pork sandwich. Not bad for what it was. Peppers made it really good. Just wish they would have had like a sauce to it. Overall, give it a 3 of 5.
The philly nachos were great. Needed more cheese but their cheese was what made the dish hands down!!My favorite Fries in philly, the crab fries are just to die for with the cheese sauce that they come with, it's a must stop every time I'm in town and i am never disappointed. The Philly Cheesesteak and Crab itself are also awesome. Can't really wait to go back!Now I'm from Phoenix AZ, so maybe I don't know a good Phili Cheesesteak, but this place is pretty darn good.
 I wanted to have a Philly while in Philly during my layover, so I stopped in here. This place has a pretty low rating, so I was a little worried. 
I got the chicken Philly and fries. I wanted to avoid the cheese sauce, so I did the provolone slices on the sandwich. The fries came with with white American cheese sauce, which was actually pretty good. The sandwich was really good in my opinion, no complaints at all.
Though I'm sure there's better sandwich shops outside the airport, I'd definitely come back if I'm ever in this airport again.Would have given it a 1 star. But, the crab fries were good. The philly style sandwich was not even 1 bit good. All I could taste was the meat... No flavor, no seasoning. The service was slow... The server was cold. Was definitely my1st &
Last time at this restaurant!!I like Chickie's and Pete's.
Been to their location by the stadiums and the one in the Northeast.
When we were flying out the other day, I decided to stop by for a quick beer, since we had about an hour before the flight (though my decision to have a beer at 5:30am was met with a raised eyebrow).
Guess what, although this place is a bar and greets you with rows of alcohol staring right at your face and it's open - they don't serve alcohol until 7am. Uhm, sorry, what??? WHY????
What's more, when I was told by the bartender/server that they can't serve alcohol, I started to turn around and he goes to me:
-- But we have a great breakfast!
-- You really think any breakfast no matter how good can replace a beer????They r just ok... Not to bad not too amazing . FYI crab fries are just the seasoning not real crab in fries. They sold me on the wording but still decentThis is for Chickies at Terminal E. I can't say how grateful I am for this place. Their takeout service has saved me from the monotony of airport food. They are a necessary stopping point on any trip I make out of Philly. I love being able to take a little bit of Philly with me wherever I am going. The fries -served warm - are big enough to feed a whole row of the plane, I swear to GOD. Their sandwiches are a luxury for an airport and I defy you to find a better option in a terminal just about anywhere outside Chicago.When you go to Philly, people are going to tell you that you need to eat a cheesesteak (you do) and try the famous "crab fries". I wasn't entirely sold on the concept of shellfish flavored potatoes but then I learned it just means fries + Old Bay and Chickie and Pete's is "the" crabfries place. 
Being limited on time, I had to wait to try this delicacy until I arrived at the airport. The concept is good - seasoned fries served with a cheesy sauce for dipping. The reality is that using 1/2 the seasoning would make this dish 200% better. There was so much salt that I didn't eat much at all. I 
On the plus side, the cheese sauce is pretty good and my fries were served hot and crisp. On the minus side, the workers here are SLLLLOOOOOWWWW.If you like low quality,  greasy food then this is your spot.  There is really not much else to say.  The waiter had an attitude so be sure not to ask for anything special like basic information about the food on the menu.  There are many other options in the airport. Select one of them!Food was decent but I don't get the rave reviews for the fries. Rather overrated in my opinion.I really enjoy eating and drinking here. Their staff is courteous and friendly, their food is good, nice atmosphere, clean restaurants, and they have convenient locations (even at the philly airport). Their prices are a little high but their menu does have tasty items for smaller budgets. I like this place a lot!!!No hostess, so I walked in and asked the young African American girl if I just seat myself, she said yes but pick the bar cause I'm gonna clean these tables. So I walked out. 
I don't eat at a bar. That's just me. But I don't want to bother the tables that were filthy. Looked like they all should have been cleaned long ago. So I ate at earl of sandwich next door. Great sandwich btwAwesome bloody mary!  Great little joint in the airport!  It is so refreshing to find good food in the airport and not previously frozen crap or fried fried fried food.  The mussels were very tasty and the broth was good enough to dip the bread in.  Great staff and friendly service.  Can't wait to have a layover in Philly again!Looking for a cheesy, salty, beer swilling refuge in PHL? Look no further than terminal E. 
In simplest terms, they top salads with crab fries. I love fries - specifically ones tossed in Old Bay seasoning - but these suckers are lost in a salt overload AND they're on a salad? It reminded me of the time my roommate put panties on her cat. "Hey! I'm pretty sure those don't belong there!" I offered. 
I leave my pretensions at door whenever patronizing Chickie's, but my taste buds know better and they're not fooling me with bad bar food. Thankfully, they have every domestic light beer imaginable to compensate for their lack of quality consumables. You know? I don't know.Waiting now since 25 min to get a beer. Still waiting.... And waiting. The staff is extremely unfriendly. My recommendation is to avoid this place. I am leaving now.Buffalo chicken cheesesteak was really good and this coming from an old guy that believes a cheesesteak should only be cheese and steak.A pretty decent airport stop. 3 nfl games on the big screens. Good service! Only stopped for a cold beer, kinda near my gate. All the food being served looked really good.we had a Philly cheese steak. not an authentic one but it will do. Our waitress was nice but the help behind the counter was busy talking to some guy that she didnt notice me when I was trying to get some help.Just roaming the PHL airport and was amazed that practically every Terminal had this local chain.  I'm sure that the draft, wine, and spirits being offered enabled that.  I tried their famous crab fries and cheesesteak.  It was satisfying enough prior to boarding my red-eye flight.  The staff was friendly and accommodating.Came here for breakfast before a flight because it was near our gate. Not a fan of the breakfast. I usually love their regular menu but the wrap was eggs and porkroll and I don't know something was just missing. It made me feel not so good. But customer service was great and the mimosas were huge! Granted, it cost as much as my wrap...Food was fine, but don't get the large beers, they're a ripoff. More expensive per ounce then small ones.Let me sum up my experience here.
1.  I walk in.  The sign says seat yourself.
2.  I seat myself at a table for four in the corner of the seating area.  I was alone.
3.  A waiter with a man bun (I hate man buns) comes over and says, somewhat indignantly, that they like to keep this space for larger parties.  Fine, but why tell me I can seat myself if you're going to gripe about the space I chose?
4.  I moved, very politely, to a table for two.  No biggie.
5.  I wait for my waiter (an older gent) to stop by and welcome me.  He never did.
6.  Finally, about 10 minutes later, he does, and says he'll be back in a moment.
7.  Another 10 minutes go by with no assistance.
8.  I get up to leave and he finally notices me.  I told him straight to his face that his service sucks and walked out.
9.  Went down the concourse to Mo' Burgers and had a perfectly pleasant lunch.
10.  I noticed there is now a Geno's at PHL.  I'll get my cheesesteak fix there.  Never again for Chickie's and Pete's.Poor service even when it's not busy. Staff wasn't attentive and food came out after a very long waitAs we were boarding our plane going to Las Vegas,  the pilot ordered everyone off the plane!  He said due to the weather in Vegas, only one runway was open and we were in what was a ground stoppage.  He said we could wait on the plane tarmac and hope to take off or we could wait in the terminal.  Needless to say, everyone bolted to the bar waiting for the later boarding.  Unfortunately, I wasn't fast enough to snag a seat at the bar or any of the other tables!  So, I had to stand for 1 hour to get a table!The service was terrible, but then again it was in the airport, so what can I expect?
Our server seemed super scattered and our food came out separately rather than together. 
I ordered a salad (surprise, surprise) and the hubs had a burger. The only delicious part of the meal was the crab fries.
Yum.A nice escape from the concourse while waiting for a flight. The staff were attentive and friendly, even keeping my water glass full. (It may have helped that the woman next to me at the bar kept getting refills of her Jaeger shots.) The decor is mostly dark woods and deep greens, but there was plenty of light from the concourse and the numerous large-screen TV's showing the Eagles game.
I had 2 of their specialties--mussels and the crabfries (TM). I was very pleased that the mussels were excellent and numerous. Good quality, plump, slightly toothy, and without any noticeable grit. Nearly all of them opened widely in the cooking process and even those that didn't were fairly easy to pry open. The award-winning marinara sauce was tangy and delicious and complemented the mussels nicely. The very full bowl also included 2 piece of baguette for soaking up leftover sauce and juice. The crabfries, by contrast, were disappointing. The base french fries (crinkle-cut) were pretty good but were heavily dusted with an overpoweringly spicy powder. I think it's the same powder used when boiling crab, which could have been interesting and tasty but was just plain too strong. The fries came with some kind of dull-flavored, super-thick white sauce that I didn't eat much of after the first few dips. Once I started dipping the fries in the excellent marina/mussel juice, I was much happier--the flavor combination was good and the juice washed off the excess powder.
Conclusion: Good choice for lunch, snack, or just relaxing while waiting for a flight. Definitely have the mussels, but skip the crabfries.Food for two arrived 15 minutes apart. Sent one back. The other fair at best. Beer is good. Recommend having  beverages only.I had an 8 hour layover waiting for my international flight.  This review is for the C&P's in Terminal A.  I got into the international terminal area about the same time they opened.  I was the only customer for a while since most of the flights are in the late afternoon/evening.
Atmosphere:  Pretty good.  I took a bar seat in front of a couple of TV screens.  There is power under the rail so you can charge your electronic devices.  That's a nice touch.  The only drawback is, this being an airport location the restrooms are not in the restaurant but are close by.
Service:  Excellent.  I went through two shifts during my time at the bar.  Super friendly, helpful, and I went with their recommendations on food.
Beer:  Since I live in Germany I didn't really need to have any European style beers so I stuck with local IPA's from the bottle.  They were pretty good and got better.  Both shifts at the bar threw in a free beer (and one free shot) during my stay.  I drink from a glass pint glass, so I don't know where the plastic cup comment came from.
Food:  I had the crab fries and a steak sandwich.  Typical bar food.
The fries are just crinkle-cut fries with a ton of Old Bay on them.  I love Old Bay and I love fries, so this was a good thing.  I didn't care for the flavorless melted cream cheese (maybe) dipping sauce.  Ketchup was just fine.
I got the steak sandwich to go because I was flying US Airways into Frankfurt and that's got to be route with the worst US Airways food possible...and that's saying something.  It was a steak sandwich.  The portion size was good - very large with lots of junk on it.  When I compared it to what was being offered on board the aircraft it would have received 10 stars out of 5.
Overall:  Hey, you're in the airport.  If you bring your I'm-traveler-and-entitled-to-everything-because-I-have-to-fly attitude into the bar with you, you're going to get the service you deserve.  If you're laid back, just wasting time and make chit-chat with the staff, you know, like you would in a regular pub, you'll have a good time and it'll make the layover less painful.  When (not if) I have to pass through again I'll be stopping in for another round.Ambiente:
Der Flughafen in Philadelphia bietet in jedem Abflugbereich eine Filiale von Chickies's and Pete's. Gestylt ist das ganze wie eien Sportsbar. Sehr nett gemacht. Wenig enge Tische und eine lange Bar (in Terminal C ist die grösste Filiale)
Essen:
Eher McDonalds Niveau. Recht gute Fritten lecker  Philly Cheese Steak - sollte ja was lokales sein ;-). Dazu ein paar leckere Biere- Unter anderem meine Liebligsmarke - Samuel Adams vom Fass oder als saisonales Bier aus der Flasche "Gold Snap" - lecker. Aber auch sonst eine grosse Auswahl vom Fass oder aus der Flasche. Für Bier und Food ca. 3 USD - na ja.
Service:
Sehr nett - recht aufmerksam- so soll es sein!
Fazit:
Für den Flughafen ein recht gutes Angebot auch wenn es "nur" ein stylischen Schnellimbiss ist!I got through security surprisingly fast and found myself with an hour and a half to kill before boarding at PHL. Might as well get something to eat right? A quick google search found a Chickies and Petes location in the international terminal and I decided to make the walk over and give it a shot. I had heard about Chickies and Petes incessantly over the years on the radio and wanted to see what all the talk was about. The place itself looks like your typical airport sports bar with Philadelphia sports memorabilia here and there. I ordered a cheesesteak and their famous crab fries. The service was a little slow and kind of lackadaisical but that's not unexpected in an airport. The cheesesteak is as blue collar as a sandwich can get. A good cheesesteak will be large, loaded with meat and cheese and a little sloppy. Oh and it absolutely must have sautéed onions. If your cheesesteak doesn't have sautéed onions on it I don't ever want to see your face again. So anyways, the Chickies and Petes cheesesteak was a) not big b) not loaded with meat c) not sloppy d) NO ONIONS.  It tasted like someone who had never heard of Philadelphia or had a cheesesteak made one based solely off of a late night episode of diners drive ins and dives. The meat was barely there and devoid of seasoning. More than a little disappointed, I moved on to the crab fries. WHOA. They are nothing more than fries covered in old bay seasoning (no actual crab) but man are they delicious. Old Bay is a gift from God, in my opinion, and combining it with deep fried potato slices is what God intended it to be used for. Seasoned to perfection and very fresh, these fries are the real deal Holyfield. Chickies and Petes is worth the walk across the disorganized and generally pain in the butt Philadelphia international airport for the crab fries themselves. Don't bother with anything else. The serving of fries is so gigantic you won't need to order anything else.If you're forced to eat here make sure you set your expectations very low.
Lettuce is supposed to be green. Not here. A "salad" consists of white lettuce and a few cherry tomatoes thrown on the side. The chowder is really bad. I don't think there was any cream in it, just a nasty concoction of vegetable oil. 
The only redeeming quality is that "food" was served quickly. Don't expect a smile or anything resembling pleasantness from the wait staff. 
If you want a beer and a plate of fries, and to watch TV to distract yourself from the horrible food this place might suit your needs.  Otherwise run far far away.Was a convenient place to grab a quick snack and drink before a flight - that's about it.  Drinks were good - food not so much.  I had buffalo chicken tenders - they were rubbery and the blue cheese dip had a funny flavor.  I could eat half of one.  If I am ever thru this airport again - will stick to the drink menu only!I would describe the Philly airport as a slightly less bad version of a hell-hole. That said, we ended up at C&Ps just before a flight to London. I wasn't particularly hungry but decided to eat here, rather than the airplane food. 
Make no mistake, this place is not healthy, classy, or anything inbetween. We, however, had a pretty good experience here! Our waiter was super fast and friendly and for those that like salty, cheesy goodness - the crab fries are for you! I hate seafood - Dont worry, no crabs were harmed in the making of the cheese fries. 
I'll admit, the Chicken Parm sandwich wasn't great. It was too big to pick up and eat and they only give you plastic cutlery which can be frusturating. That said, the prices for food are pretty reasonable, whereas they get almost 10 dollars for a large Blue Moon. 
Do your best disgusting-greasy-salty-self a favour and just get a basket of cheese fries with a cheap beer. Go on you fat knacker... you know you want to. Fat Mac would approve.This place was pretty busy when we came in and had to wait 10 minutes before someone noticed us.  
The plain fries were excellent - very crispy, but it came with a white cheesy sauce that I can only describe as white nacho sauce...not very good.
The cheese steak was okay.  The meat was really dry.  As for the mussels with white sauce and garlic...don't get them.  They were over cooked, tough, and the white sauce had a ton of vinegar in it. 
I can only recommend this place for the beers and fries.its the airport. my expectations were low and were met 100%
PSA - stay far away from the lobster cheese steak. (I know this sounds obvious and I am embarrassed that I tried it) Didn't taste like lobster, probably munk fish, and gave me the immediate runs!I would put C&P's between a 2 and a 3, really.  
Had a lot of time to kill before a flight out of Terminal E.
Lots to choose from which is nice.
Everything is ala carte, which can be a bit $$$.  
Wife ordered a salad that was (really just) a big bowl of lettuce, a few cherry tomatoes with some croutons and crab fries tossed on top. 
There was no side salad option so the $10 bowl was our only option for some greens.
I started with a bowl of their clam chowder.
Also $10, no option for a cup, big ol' bowl.
Not that flavorful, had to add some salt and pepper, few splashes of hot sauce...thing was, it came out luke warm at best.
Ordered their South Philly Cheese steak, wife got a basket of buffalo chix cutlets.
We split a basket of crab fries.
The philly was quite bland, which was a bummer.
Having never been to PA (flew in and out of Philly en route to visiting my friend in Reading) I was hoping to maybe get a glimpse of something that resembled their hometown hero (hoagie? grinder? whatever).
It came on a very nice roll, fresh and soft--packed with steak and topped off with some (canned) roasted red peppers and lots of cheese. 
Comes with a side of grilled onions to add if you wanted.
Had to throw some S&P on the sandwich too, still didn't really make a difference.
Oh well, guess I shouldn't be too upset. It was, after all, an airport philly.
Wife's buffalo chix cutlets were actually very nice.
Big and crispy, but not saturated in a mega crispy coat.
Nice flavor, good portion.
Would definitely recommend.
Lastly, the side of crabby fries.
I had heard of crab fries before, simply wanted to order them out of curiosity.
They were good.
I mean, they were fries and they weren't cold...so of course they were good.
They weren't anything amazing though.
They did, however, come with AMPLE cheese sauce for dipping.
Did not skimp on the cheese, good on them.
Service was excellent, very friendly and very prompt. 
Took no issue that we were hoping to make the meal last a little longer than normal cuz we had nothing else to do.
You could do worse in an airport as far as dining goes...you could also do better...but if you're in Terminal E...Chickie's and Pete's is a decent option.Bought a wrap. Couldn't eat it. Lettuce was all brown and tasted terrible.  Only stopped because I was booking it to my next flight. Should have stopped anywhere else.I was in Philadelphia and decided to grab a cheese steak. The amount of steak on the big bun was disappointing. It was not good at all.Spent a week in Philadelphia and had a cheese steak almost everyday I was there.  This wasn't the best I had, but was better than any I had in California.  Then again I only had one at a few different restaurants.  Still it was very good.The crab fries rule!  The cheesesteak was dry and had no flavor, kinda like the waiter.Chickie's and Pete's is one of few bar areas in terminal C of the Philadelphia International Airport.  I, tired and cranky after an exhausting business trip to Philly, decided to grab a beer at the bar while waiting for my flight back to RDU to board.  It took several minutes of my attempting to make eye contact with the bartender before she actually spoke to me.  The bar was neither empty, nor packed.
I ordered an Amstel Light and it tasted strange.  Now, I realize Amstel Light is not a particularly good beer, but it has a skunky taste that is easily recognizable.  This tasted like watered down apple juice or, like Miller Lite, to be specific.  I didn't argue or request a new drink.  The bartender did not speak to me or look at me again so, when she finally saw me, my hand raised in her direction, I just asked for the bill, which confirmed my suspicions that I had just paid $9.25 (plus tax and tip) for a Miller Lite.
I didn't eat the food because 1) I imagine it is neither good, nor vegetarian-friendly, and 2) because the bartender never brought me a menu (and didn't give me the opportunity to ask for one).
But they did have some killer '80s pop playing (extra star!) and, again, it is in a convenient location.  Meh. I've experienced better.Had some time to kill at the Philadelphia airport, so stopped in for a quick bite.  My business associate and I both had the Cheesesteak topped with Lobster, and split the combo fires.  Food was good and portions large, but service was definitely lacking.  We didn't get the cheese sauce for the fries, and never got a refill on our water, but did enjoy the food.Nice bar, outlets under the bar at each bar stool to plug in your phone or any other device. Bartenders are friendly. Tap selection is decent, they have the standards plus a few local craft brews. The prices aren't unreasonable for the food, for an airport. $9.25 for a 22 oz beer is kinda crazy!! It can get VERY busy, depending on airport traffic. 
Always order the crab fries!!We wanted to try this place out in terminal C. Take out window girl said the food would take just as long inside so we decided to sit down and order. After being told where to sit, as in no greeting or menus given,  we waited a few minutes watching the servers hanging out. No one came so we split.  They must realize they work in an airport and people don't always have lots of time. 
I know this isn't much of a food review but the start was just too badThe seafood chowder is a little anemic with the seafood- one shrimp and two mussels visible. It is big and filling. Seems like a bowl of chowder should have some bread accompanying.  I wanted the bisque; but, they were out of it. Odd, that they should have a bisque run on a Monday. The Philly Cheesesteak sandwich is just that. I seem to succumb to eating one with each trip to Philly. 
Service is slow. I sat for a while before being acknowledged - self seating. Too slow for an airport; this, the mediocre rating. The server that finally gave me a menu would not take my order. She did not explain. Kinda terse. I should have had my water glass refilled. I should have been checked on a couple of times to see if I had any needs. But no. 
I have to  tell the manager, me and my money have other options.I know it's not an authentic philly cheese steak sandwich, and I know not to expect ultimate cuisine (seeing as how we are in an airport). I was on a layover, was hungry, and was sober. A couple martinis and a satisfying cheese steak sandwich with crawfish (yuuuuum) later, I was happily ready to depart on my next long flight.Traveling through the International terminal in Philadelphia and stopped for a guick bite....Ordered a wrap and fries, the fries came out first and then 10 minutes later the wrap came out, by then the fries were cold and the wrap looked nothing like the ones in the display case at the entrance....the waiter was not attentive and had attitude....Pick something else if you want a quick and tasty meal.The beer is cold. They have charging stations for your phones. Good place to have a drink or two for your connecting flight.I had a huge layover in Philly and knew a cheese steak was in order. My Philly friends told me to try this place so off I went to search for it. There wasn't any wait and it had a decent sized crowd but I could still find a seat at the bar. I was pretty underwhelmed with my experience here. Bad service and the cheese steak wasn't that good. Now the cheese sauce on the hand was fantastic. They could have seriously just brought me a cup of that and I would have been a happy gal (or just strapped an iv to my ass because that's exactly where it was going).Interesting to hear negative comments about this place.  It is a sports bar and it is in the airport.  When you remember these two basic points, this place surprises to the upside.  And that is why I give it 4 stars, not because it compares with fine dining, but because it compares favorably to others in its class.
The crab fries are great, the Old Bay seasoning is a winner.  I had the chicken caesar salad too.  The dressing was good, and they let you put on as much or as little as you wanted.  I think that is important since the vast majority of chains and cheap eats joints overdress everything they make.
The service was very efficient and shared by three different servers, ensuring that the food didn't sit under the heat lamps, waiting to be delivered.  A satisfying experience.DO NOT EAT HERE. TERRIBLE STAFF. 
I cannot rate the food because they never took my order.
The rudest staff  I have ever seen. The server would not give you more than 10 seconds to look at the menu and would leave the table if you do and then make you wait for 15 mins before she comes around to ask rudely "Are you ready?".
The Manager when notified was even more rude. He said the staff is just to busy to wait and you have to make up your mind soon or you can find another place.Had an $11 cheese steak made by "a real Philadelphian".  Mostly bread, with a white cheese.  Something I would expect from a fast food joint.  Should've stopped at the gyro/cheese steak place I passed along the way.Needed lunch before my flight I asked for a cheeseburger waitress noted my order. Service was fine but $11 for a cheeseburger with no fries or even chips, no tomato, no lettuce and when I asked I was told it was extra. The burger was good and satisfying but that's a lot of dough for a burger including giving a tip.Got the crab fries and Philly cheese steak.. There is nothing world famous about it! But tastes good when you are freaking hungry.. There is no air- circulation/ventilation that makes you kill yourself after 20 mins. It was like 120F in March. Other than that, pricing is reasonableWORST service EVER!!!!!!!!  Currently sitting at the 15 minute mark waiting for my bill.  At the bar non the less.  Bartender would rather sit on the other side, curse, and eat than wait on people.  Sad when you pay $15 for a chicken sandwich with NO sides. No chips no nothing!  Oh you want fries?  You have to buy the huge basket!  Total rip off.  Had an iced tea and no they aren't free refills.  Sorry but you lost a customer today.  I'd put zero stars if I could.Poor value. After enjoying a Geno's sandwich yesterday thought I'd try a breakfast Philly steak sandwich with special sauce at Chickie's and Pete's. 
Huge disappointment. While service was friendly, attentive and prompt, the sandwich had a sprinkle of chopped meat placed on top of some "egg product." The bun was huge and very dry. The "orange juice" was obviously watered down. The meal cost $13 with a tip. Yuck. Will not return to this restaurant. I should have looked at Yelp rating and reviews before dining.
Tried a different location tonight and the chicken cheese steak was outstanding. Fresh, hot , moist , really delicious. The fry order weighed two pounds lol and they were super hot and fresh. What an amazing difference between the two locations in the airport. This location at beginning of D gates was really good. I changed the one stat to three.Several drinks in and I still didn't like the food. If that doesn't tell you how mediocre the food is I don't know what will. I ordered Pete's Philly Famous Cheesesteak thinking "oh Philadelphia is known for their cheesesteak and this is famous, how can I go wrong" I understand that like most restaurants they probably just threw in the word "famous" to make it more appealing but WOW the deception!! All you can taste was the nacho cheese and it should be called Pete's Philly Instagram Famous Cheesesteak because everyone knows just because you're Instagram famous it doesn't really mean anything.
To top it off the service was horrible, our waitress seemed to be overly stressed. It took nearly 10 minutes just for us to get water, ordering took even longer. I will say that she allowed us to trade out one of our dishes for something else at no charge so that was nice.
I have no idea why people speak so highly of this place.The best airport bar I've been to so far. The beer selection was pretty good, the "crabfries" hit the spot, and the service was spot on. Saved an otherwise crappy travel day.I was a little frustrated with the chaos at the Philadelphia airport so I ducked in to try the "world famous fries" I was disappointed, they're skinny over cooked crinkle fries with spices on them and a side of cheese sauce. The Victory Hop Devil saved the day.The crab bisque is neither bisque, nor does it have crab in it. Upon closer inspection of the hard-to-read menu, it's actually a chowder that's more like a loaded baked potato soup. Still tasty though.Prices are high, but that happens at airports. In Philadelphia so I had to get a cheesesteak. The "fried" onions are actually sautéed. But otherwise it's good. 
The crab fries are disappointing. Just frozen crinkle cut fries with what tastes like crab boil on them. Also  served with cheese sauce. I'd pass on the fries if I were you.You know that bummer feeling when you realized you've been ripped off?
Servers could give a rip about you. I ordered a Lobster-topped Philly Cheese steak. $18.00 for the sandwich, which was worthy of being served at a fast food restaurant for $5.00, MAX. Don't waste your time or your money on this place.Gave them 1 star a while back. At airport today. Very crowded, they weren't so I thought maybe I'd give this dump another shot. The only thing that changed are their prices. They have gone up. $23 for a cheesesteak and fries. Food sucks, service is mediocre and prices are ridiculous. Don't go thereWe learned very quickly upon arriving that Philadelphia is not the city of brotherly love. We experienced terrible rude service at this restaurant today. Food was bad too.Let's start off with this- three stars in an airport is pretty good, so let's not get picky here.  I wasn't even real hungry, but had about five hours to kill.  Yes- FIVE!  I already drove into Philly and had me some authentic cuisine, but why not try something new when I am stuck?  I went a little overboard and got the crabby fries and the South Philly CheeseSteak.  Both were good.  Great?  That depends.  The fries were very substantial served in a large paper boat-type bowl with two sides of creamy cheese (not crappy cheese whiz).  I realized I should have just had the fries, which had enough artery clogging goodness to take down the entire roster of the Philadelphia Flyers.  I ate some, but not a ton because I like good circulation.  The sandwich was good, but not great.  I guess I got really spoiled at Tony Lukes, which was a legit five star sandwich.  
Service here was pretty good actually.  A very nice blonde bartender provided most of the service, which came timely and with a smile.  I had another bartender bring me a refill water before I asked.  The set up is not bad at all given the location. Plenty of TVs for viewing sports. I only wish a game was on.The bartender / server is so wrong I had to write about it. She said "this shift sucks". Oh hell yes it does. It's 5:30am. But you agreed to it. And I don't need to feel guilty spending my money here. That said, I would have given 3 stars for that, but then the cheesesteak sucked. I'm not gonna be her and let this ruin my day, but it is what it is. Just saying.Terminal C
Hot, fast, pretty good pub fair. Had crab fries and regular fries, the crab fries looked fresher than their freezer burnt (possibly) unseasoned brothers. Philly cheese steak a la Pierre. I've had worse. It needed salt and the banana peppers really helped. Also crab cake sammich, cakes were not cooked done enough to my wife's taste, but she prefers all her proteins well done, so...
Iced tea was really good, service was fast and friendly.Very questionable white stain at the bottom of the wine glass - made me question if the glass was cleaned at all.
Mussels were ok, and salad with crab meat was ok as well. Nothing mind blowing. I wished I went somewhere quicker instead of sitting down here and eating in a hurry.Negative 5 stars.   This place is a fraud. First off the service suck.  But I don't care that much about service I love to eat.  Ordered a southern philly and it came out in 5 min.  The bread was not toasted the whole thing was microwaved. I wanted a Philly cheesesteak.  Thank god we there is a place in chicago that's sells authentic Philly cheesesteaksJust ate the Mayfair for breakfast and an ice cold Lager. Mayfair was scrambled egg, cherry peppers, onions and Chickie's cheese sauce, was phenomenal. This dish is especially good if you like cherry peppers and philly food, comes over a bed of fries. Server was nice and establishment seemed clean.I'm so glad I stumbled (literally) into this place. The vibe is great for a little place like this. It does get crowded so I'm lucky I found a seat. 
The have a lot of good lookin stuff on the menu but I went with the lobster roll. At $23 bucks it was well worth it. I do wish they had cheddar. Cheese though (it tastes amazing baked in, don't judge me) so they get a slight "booo" to that. 
It also doesn't hurt that they have peroni. Love this beer. The staff was nice but my waiter forgot about me for a couple minutes. Which didn't bother me much because I was so pleased with the food. I just wanted my check sooner so I could get to my gate a little early. 
Newcomers: note it's kind of an L so make sure you check around the corner for seats, and get the lobster roll if it doesn't break your budget. Well worth it!
You're welcome ;)Mad elf ale and lobster roll for dinner while waiting for a flight. Great service. Lobster was in huge chunks and little onion/celery/sauce.There's usually a seat at the bar even when it looks like the place is full. This is a good bet when you're in the international terminal at PHL. The Cibo wine bar in this terminal is really small and always packed (those Europeans, they like their wine), so this is a good spot to have a drink and a bite to eat with a little breathing room. Normally, Cibo is my go-to in other terminals, or better yet, in that little shopping area between terminals. That one has super comfy seats.
Anyways, this is a C&P's review, not Cibo :) They have an awesome draft list for an airport place; I got a Victory Hop Devil. Definitely go with the high ABV before a flight. I also munched on some crabby fries (man that cheese sauce is way too good!) and some buffalo chicken tenders that were pretty darn tasty. Nothing fancy, but they have something for everyone. Bartenders were friendly and a few people at the bar were really looking to party. It's a livelier scene than one usually finds in an airport.Best food and service in airport. Tanya is the best bartender and everyone there is very friendly.Bordentown breakfast sandwich says it's pork and eggs on a steak roll, it is really fried bologna and eggs. Served in a paper basket. Other breakfast items are served on real plates. Service is just ok. 
The only thing to come here for is alcohol drinks otherwise keep walking.I went to Chickie's and Pete's Cafe on a stopover to Philadelphia.  I had two hours in between flights and wanted to take a cab over to Geno's but that was cutting it way too close.  I asked around the airport for the best cheesesteak in the airport and they pointed me in this direction.
I stopped in and saw a yelp award that was plastered on the wall.  I figured hey this place must be pretty good since people have recommended it.  I sat down and asked what they were famous for.  They said that the crabfries were their trademark.  I ordered those and a  Philly Cheesesteak since I was in Philadelphia.
The cheesesteak was good.  It tasted authentic just similar to that of Pat's Famous Steaks off of Passyunk.  The crabfries were tremendous.  They had such great potatoe flavor.  Also it came with a cheese dip that tasted great.
My only gripe about this place is the service.  I think the service here is pretty bad.  At the end of my order I asked for a soda.  My waitress said sure thing, and brought my check to me.  I then asked for a soda again, thinking she forgot.  I waited about 5-8 minutes and still no soda.  I walked out with high hopes of a great experience shattered.
The food is pretty decent here.  I would probably avoid this place just for the service alone.  The Philadelphia Airport is amazing.  There are so many restaurants and shopping spots.  The next time I'm in town, I'll be sure to visit another place as I probably will not go here again due to this bad service.Worst service I've seen in years!  The place is almost empty and the bartenders have walked past me multiple times without so much as a word.  The bar is filthy and they don't even have the ambition to pick up the tips from previous customers!  It took then 15 minutes to tell me that 3/4 of their beers on tap were not working.  It was another 5 minutes before I even got my beer.   Really????   There are only 8 other people sitting at the bar and I see only 3 tables that have customers seated at them.  Given ANY other option, I'll never be back.This place is awful. Poor customer service. Overly salted crab fries. I was told they are supposed to be this way and that I should have requested less seasoning. I don't review much so this place definitely deserves less than what I'm giving them.Average airport food. Gave it 5 stars because the staff was energetic and very Talkative and friendly... Plus they do not skimp on a over priced drink. You get what you pay for here. For a Airport? 5 stars. People! It's airport food!If I could give zero I would. The food was absolute shit and the service was worse than that. This place is miserableService was ok (except for the waiter complaining about another customer), the food I got was some of the worst I've ever had.  I had a buffalo chicken sandwich which just tasted like frozen breaded chicken with no flavor on a hoagie roll, with the flavorless blue cheese. If you eat here, avoid that item on the menu.Now perhaps I have a different approach than some of the other reviewers, but I would generally not go to a bar looking for great food, especially not a bar in an airport. Personally I stopped in here looking for a beer while waiting for a very delayed flight back to Boston. I personally found the place restorative after having a couple pints of Victory HopDevil Ale (terrific!) while watching the Bruins win the Stanley Cup with the other folks heading back to Boston.Fries and wings were good. Shrimp cocktail was disappointing- the shrimp were friend out and way over cooked. The bartender was also extremely rude.  I'd definitely go somewhere else next time.Not bad for the airport. The mussels in white wine sauce was surprisingly very good.  At $12 it was very cheap.Our bartender was super awesome for the most part-- but she charged me $10 for a bagel - I know it's an airport by seriously???.... and sold us two beers to go telling us that it was legal now to take beers on the plane in Philly....so we did it for the novelty. When we got on the plane, the flight attendant for American Airlines was extremely rude and told my boyfriend to get off the plane because he was holding a beer. I know airports are notoriously frustrating and annoying but seriously? This was all pretty unnecessary.Overpriced and just okay food. I was not impressed by the cheese steak.  The fries were okay, but not great.I stopped at this restaurant's Philadelphia location which is inside the airport as I was waiting to board a flight.  The staff was very friendly and responsive even though the place was completely packed!  The food selection was ok but I am assuming that if you go to a larger store front they offer more.  I only got a couple of beers, which came out as expected, and an order of what they call crab fries...  It is my understanding that these are one of their most popular items but I am still struggling to understand why.  They are not "Crab" fries.  What they are are crinkle fries which contain a lot of Old Bay seasoning sprinkled over it.  As someone who was born and raised in the Baltimore, MD area I have a whole different expectation when someone sells a product by that name.  There is NO crab to be had one these.  This is a major let down to someone who truly enjoys the Maryland Blue Crab.  Overall the taste of the fries was good.  They were crispy but not over cooked and the sauce that came with them was tasty when fries are dipped in it.  In summary, the food at this location seems to be nothing more than a small portion of what they offer in their larger restaurants.  It is equivalent to what you might get at a dive bar.  While I might stop in one of these again prior to travel, it is nothing that I would write home about or look forward to during a future trip.  When I make it to one of their bigger locations I will be sure to provide another review.Good little bar to hang out for a few hours and get some breakfast before a long 5 hour flight.Crab fries are good.  The lobster steak was fair compared to other locations, but airport food tends to be less quality. When flying out on Southwest, it is one of the better choices for food in the gate area thoughThis was a great stop! Great waiter who comp'd some of our meal when we mentioned wanting to try the famous crabfries but didn't order. He brought them anyway. Yum! Nachos were great too! #showusyourcrabfriesThere are so many cheesesteak options in Philly so I decided to be daring and try the lobster cheesesteak....and I'm glad I did. Pair that with their signature Crabfries and you have an authentic Chickie's and Pete's experience. Enjoy!Quite simply chickies and petes in the airport.   Solid food you've come to expect from them but you're in an airport hopefully going on vacation.   Good times solid food,  easy enoughService is horrible. It took forever to get a menu. Waited over 20 minutes for my order. Waitress knew she didn't bring my food and never saw me eating anything, but still asked if I had gotten my food. She returned moments later with an ice cold cheesesteak. I told her it was cold. She took it back to the same area that she got the first one and that one was even colder!!! No thanks! I'll just eat the peanuts and pretzels on the plane!We had about a 5 hour wait at the Philly airport and decided to grab a sandwich and apps. The place wasn't very busy at all, and we sat ourselves. The waitress came over and asked us what we wanted to drink. There was no friendliness at all in her demeanor. This was obviously a girl who either was having a bad day, or hates her job. 
She brought me a diet pepsi, which was flat. When I asked her if I could possibly switch to a different kind of pop, she said well if one is flat, they're all flat. I can bring you a bottle. 
Then we ordered. I got mozza sticks and asked if they had sour cream (which is what we use in Canada and its delicious). She looked at me like I had two heads...it was so rude that my husband said yeah I know...its weird. 
She was one of the most unfriendly waitresses I have ever encountered. The mozza sticks were actually delicious but the service could have been a lot better. A smile actually does go a  long way.Ordered a Philly CheeseSteak. It was made so quickly that it tasted horribly. The bread was not warm or toasted. Fries, had entirely too much season on it that it burned my lips. 
Also, terminal D branch was very unprofessional. They kept complaining about the other terminal ability to close earlier. This conversation went on for  the whole 40 mins I sat at the bar. Very unprofessional. I expected to have a delicious Philly CheeseSteak from Philadelphia and was disappointed. Will not be coming back.I really don't even want to give this restaurant 1 star but have to in order to leave feedback. Food was DISGUSTING. crabby fries were WAY WAY WAY WAY over seasoned (and I like spicy) and the 'cheese' sauce was so fabricated and fake it didn't even resemble a cheese taste ... not even processed American cheese. 
Garlic roast beef wrap had incredibly dry beef, mealy tomatoes and wilted and over the hill lettuce. 75% of our food went into the garbage. Blueberry muffin was dry and crumbly. Bottled waters were the only good part of our meal. $24 wasted. I don't eat at McDonald's but in this case I think we would've been better off choosing McDonald's.Ok for airport food in a sit down setting.  Decent in a pinch or if you like meat, bread, and fries.Food was standard, beers were expensive, space was crowded and the service was lacking any sort of personality. Other than that, it was....dining?My daughter and I had an early flight out to Columbus and she wanted to get something to eat. After strolling through the airport food court and not seeing anythign to our liking, we walked to the end of the "C" terminal (or maybe "B", I don't remember) and came across the Chickie and Pete's. My daughter loves the crabfries at  the resturant near the sports arena's so we stopped in. 
Since it was only 9:00 we wern't even sure they were open, but the bartender assured me they were. We had to wait about 5 minutes at the front counter, but, eventually the clerk showed up and took our order. It only took an additional 5 minutes but the fries showed up piping hot, with 2 containers of the cheese sauce. The serving was more than enough for 2 people, and we were quite pleased with it. For those that don't know, C&P's crabfries are dusted with Old Bay seasoning and served with a white cheese sauce. 
Maybe it was because it was early, but everthing seemed fresh and tasty. It only get's 3 stars because the service was so-so.I know, it's airport food- but this is bad airport food.
I know, it's bar food- but it's also bad bar food.
I got their specialty shrimp- it was doused in oil and not very flavorful considering the amount of grease that it sat in.
It wasn't too pricey, ($10) but that's because it didn't come with a side. 
You don't have a lot of options at PHL (McDonalds, Peets, an expensive Mexican grill), but you should probably opt to go somewhere else unless you want a greasy meal to be sick to your stomach with before you fly to an airport with better food options.Great drinks and great food. 
The crab fries with that cheesy sauce are awesome!  Even though this is at the airport, the food and service is spot on!  
One comment...the buffalo chicken sandwich doesn't come with cheese....so make sure you ask for cheese.Ordered a house salad and mussels:
Salad consisted of iceberg lettuce, 4 cherry tomatoes and French fries on top.  Very bland and unsatisfying.
The mussels were ok -- served in thick, Parmesan cheese covered marinara sauce so no broth for dipping. Cold, stale bread was served on the side but was essentially inedible.  Ordered the dish because it was highlighted on the menu as "award winning"....however it was mediocre at best.
Truthfully, the highlight of the meal was the wine selection and the fries...
Service was fast and cordial...
Would only return for a drink ... Maybe try a burger?Took us forever to get a drink / food / SERVICE. The food was below average. Would not recommend.