Oh Chickie's and Pete's, you are the perfect place to watch some sports and indulge. 
No doubt this is not the best food I've ever had but, if you can get a seat, grab some beer with mussels red and crab fries, there's no way not to thoroughly enjoy this place during a game or any time you're down by the stadiums. 
My favs are the crab fries, mussels red (white is overloaded with garlic that I can't always take it), the spicy pull and peel shrimp, steamers, and if the mood is right the blue crabs (it's a lot of work but tasty). This place also makes getting down and dirty with your food easy. There are sinks all over so you can rinse the mess off your hands once you're done....good touch.
To sum it up, Chickie's and Pete's is a Philadelphia institution and always a good time. I strongly suggest going at least once to enjoy the experience. 
Please note: Make sure to remember two things before coming during major sporting events. 1. You'll never get a table and 2. You'll deal with a ton of drunk people. I've absolutely been one of these people before and we can get annoying unless you're in the right frame of mind. :)3.5 stars.
Chickie's and Pete's is a friendly sports bar, particularly for women, and it has lots of seating for Sunday games. I appreciate the sound booth in the sky, as it means that (admittedly bad) music is played during the commercials, along with special themes for Eagles fans. And, the place seems to be smoke free.
But, I am not impressed by the famous crab fries, which are crinkled, lightly fried, and seasoned with garlic, chili pepper, and salt. Something about the congealed cheese sauce detracts from the entire experience, and I also prefer my fries to be piping hot. However, there are towers of beer available (complete with taps), which is pleasantly tacky. 
With loads of space, booming sound, cute servers, and rowdy fans, Chickie's and Pete's is a perfect place to catch a game.So far a two, its been a while since Ive been here went to a Phillies game with my nephew had to feed the kid, aitting waiting on fries and the smell from the carpet is turning my stomach currently 10:37I've been wanting to hit this place for quite some time. Today seemed perfect for lunch. I had the classic cheese steak with crab fries. The cheese steak was quite good, tender tasty slices of steak and a warm cheesy sauce on a delicious roll. The crab fries came out hot and crispy and perfectly seasoned. The service was prompt and attentive which I liked. Very clean and a very nice sports atmosphere. I will be back.I've gone back and forth with giving this place 4 or 5 stars, I am settling with 4 only because of the pain in the tail service we had when we first arrived.
I was told by all my Philly friends that I had to go here for crab fries when I was town.  Friday night during the Phillies game we went to Chickie's and Pete's, we were immediately seated at a two top table.  While delivering our beers and crab fries, the server asked us if we were ready to order.  We explained that we would be there for the game and we were pacing ourselves and her response was "the whole game, well you better be constantly ordering if you are going to take up my table."  I totally understand her concern, and we assured her that we would in fact be ordering beers and food throughout the game.
A few moments later she walked through her section complaining and cussing about the $1.00 tip she received from her table, again, I understand her concern, but there is a time and a place.  She then cleared a table and came to take the order of the people next to us, and placed the dirty plate of shrimp peels on the table, gross.  While our beers sat empty she sat down a few tables near us and had a 10 minute conversation with her friends that were dining there.  Another table sat down and again we heard the same speech about not talking up her tables and that they had to order all night (glad it wasn't just us).  At this point, our beers had been empty for 20 minutes.  
My friend went over to the bar, found 2 empty chairs and I asked her for our check.  She knew we had planned to stay all night and asked why we were leaving, and I was happy to tell her that we were not going to take up her table.  Our check was $14.00 and I left $24.00 hoping that she would take that act of kindness and extend it to the poor patrons who had to deal with her next.
Now.... Onto the experience at the bar... TOTALLY AMAZING.  The bar staff that was working on Friday 4/19/13 made our night.  They were friendly, informative, suggested what yumminess to order on the menu!  Over all, those 4 gentlemen negated the unfortunate experience on the other side of the restaurant.  
The food by the way... the crab fries... yum'tastic!  My friend ordered the "red" mussels and I had the "bleu" mussels.  I feel like we ate all night long and never put a dent in them.  Absolutely amazing.  If I am ever back in Philly... I will 100% be visiting the bar at Chickie's and Pete's!!5 stars, as far as sports bars go. Awesome atmosphere with tons of TVs, high ceilings which allows for huge projectors to show games, great service, prices and food. For my gluten free eaters, the tortilla chips and fries are both gluten free. They also use a separate fryer from their breaded goods, so no cross contamination! Try the Buffalo Chicken nachos... the chicken is grilled, so no worries there. It is covered in cheese sauce and bleu cheese, too. I opted for extra buffalo sauce for more balance between hot and cheesy. I got the bacon cheeseburger with no bun, which was made from high quality sirloin. It was incredibly good! Their mixed drinks didn't skimp on the alcohol either. High recommended. Can't wait to go back!Been here a couple of times and it's never bad. Crab fries are always a good choice, but I think they might want to try to remake the cheese so that it doesn't harden so quickly for dipping. Awesome sports bar for the guys and the place is always packed. I love the atmosphere. 
Can't ever go wrong with their huge portions of mussels for such a good price! Got the chickie's riverboat clams before, not really worth the money and they were okay. chicken parm sandwich is alright. The magooby sounds weird (contains shrimp, pickles, fries, onions, cheese), but it was actually a very interesting combo and i liked it. the lobster cheesesteak is alright (lol doesn't really taste different from the regular cheeseteaks though)
will be back from time to time!After a 4 year hiatus from Philly, I returned last night for a business trip, Chickie's & Pete's was a perfect place for a welcome back dinner.  Living in Seattle, we eat plenty of crab and seafood, so I immediately went for things we can't  get in the Pacific Northwest, which included 4 pints of Yuengling's, crab fries (fries with a wicked cheese/crab sauce), a cheesesteak, and lots of sports (witness the Sonics move to Oklahoma).  OK, this doesn't have quite the neighborhood charms of some of the classic Philly joints, but it sure is spacious, clean, efficient, and tasty.A favorite!!!  Always a good time and always enjoy great food from  the crab fries to wings to mussels to pizza.....all outstanding!   Personal favorites of mine are the buffalo wings, mussels white,  crab legs, and of course the crab fries!Fun place. The game room has for different groups, golf, boxing, rock n roll, etc.. Pick your game and enjoy with family & friends. Great seafood, awesome drinks, can't go wrong coming here.The blue crabs were on point. Never had crab nachos before but great first time. Service was ok at best, but maybe our waitress was having a bad day. But the bartenders were cool.OK...yeah yeah crab fries obviously! Thin crinkle cut extra crispy dusted in Old Bay and dunked in warm white cheese sauce- and must have red sauce mussels - the sauce is what I like, not a big fan of mussels but the sauce makes them so good I don't care they are weird little blackish green gloppy sea filters.    The buffalo chicken tenders are average .... I find the sauce too jarred tasting.  I love the atmosphere at the Packer Ave location - it's so big there is usually room to grab food/ watch a game.  It's Philly in your face so to all the other reviewers complaining about the noise....whaaah.Salty, overly salted food. Crab fries need to be smothered in ketchup to counterbalance the salty seasoning. The "sauce" for shrimp and crab=salty. Crab cakes were good.Great place to go out and have a couple beers.  It's loud and usually packed with people during any sport event.  The fries are absolutely epic and totally deserve a try.    Only thing is that on a friday/saturday night it can be pretty tough to get a drink, but really, what can you expect?The food was fresh and hot.  Try the crab fries and the fried shrimp.  DELICIOUS!!! The only reason they do get 5 stars is because the toasted bread was cold and tough.  However, this was a great dinner.  We would return.This place gets PACKED. 
Luckily, we stopped by while there was no Philadelphia sports team playing as this location is right by the sports complex. Chickie's crab fries were one of the first foods I was introduced to upon moving to Philly and it pretty much changed my life. 
The white cheese sauce? Fantastic! Sure, it may not look or feel like cheese, but it makes the fries melt in your mouth. 
Pete's Pizza wasn't as tasty as I had hoped. Clearly pizza is not one of their hot menu items. I would stick with the crab fries and cheesesteaks for a more authentic experience.My mom and I had a fun night there but the waitress Danielle was walking everywhere when we need service for Pete-zza boxes or crab breakers thanks a lot for reading my review!Well for living in Philly over a year and never stepping foot in the actual establishment is rare. Ive had some of their food at games and the airport but never actually had experienced the real chickie and petes. I finally got around to the place for the PSU vs. TEMPLE game. 
Definitely a hoppin place for sports. 
My room mate and I probably looked like the fattest little asian girls in the place, we had a serving of crab fries, 2 HUMONGOUS servings of the mussels with white sauce and a dozen wings..... we finished every last bit!  Crab fries are a MUST, and the mussels are pretty dayum good for a sports bar. Other than that I didn't get to try much, the wings were ehhh nothing to rave about. And sweet potato fries are not that great, the sauce they come with are wayyy too sweet.
The beer towers bring back lovely college memories at champs sports bar at penn state...... ahhh that was the life.Came here after the auto show and were pretty shocked to see that it wasn't busy at all. Especially for lunch time on Super Bowl Sunday. We came in with our kids and thankfully they placed us away from everyone. The food was great, the kids enjoyed it and our waitress was very good. I would go back again in a heart beat. Also, one serving of fries fed our family of 4. We took home our pizza and fries, since we couldn't finish it all.The first restaurant I've ever been to with a sink in the dining room.  Apparently to wash your hands after a messy crab meal.  The bartenders are old-school Philadelphia.  Lots of characters and of course crab-fries.  One of the better sports bars in Philly.  I'm sure I'll be back.Didn't feel like cooking so i ordered the crabs from uber eats. I guess they were having a bad day yesterday because when I ate their crabs I got food poisoning. Threw up all night. My suggestion is if you want a near death experience get the crabs.Sports bar through and through.
I had mussels in a red sauce. Smaller mussels, but the fact that you get 35 of them makes up for it! The sauce was perfectly spiced as well.
The crab fries for an appetizer are a perfect start as well. 
If you are in the area to see a Phillies, Sixers, or Eagles game, this place is a must see if you like sports bars.The Crab Fry's are a staple here and are ok with the spice. But I'd skip the lobster bisque, as it seemed burned. The blue crabs and crab cakes were ok, but not too impressive.   Above average Bar Food with a nice environment.Great spot to hit up before and/ or after games or concert.  Always get the crab fries. Quickly and friendly services.PLENTY of seating, dinner on a Thursday night was quite interesting. Very awkward music (club/house/electro) for a sports bar. Aside from that the "ultimate tailgate" (crab cake on burger) was alright. I was thoroughly impressed by the crab-fries, specifically the dipping sauce that came with it (def made the meal) 
Very formidable beer selection, I was not disappointed. All in all, it was ok food at an ok venue. The food seems trumped by the over-the-top atmosphere.I have been coming here since they opened and the service has always been superb.Jimmy,
Pete,Charisse,and Leah,to name a few have waited on me and treated me well.By and large,
the food is good and worth continued visits.As long as Chickie's keeps hiring such exemplary
staff, I will be a satisfied customer.If you are looking for a big sports bar that serves great food this is it great fast service excellent food and you have to try the crab friesCrab fries + mussels + crabs + ice cold Yuengling + 300 million TVs and projectors to watch any sports programming available = one of my versions of heaven. 
Get here early though, if it's a big game night it gets packed pretty quick and you'll be waiting an hour for a seat.Loaded up on carbs here last night at their stand at Spruce St. Harbor Park.
Crab fries + cheese sauce = yum. Not really much else to say there, other than you should be warned that they're really hard to stop eating.
We also decided to try their crab-seasoned kettle corn, which was about 5X larger than we had anticipated (if only someone had gotten a picture of my face when she handed me the bag, haha) - that thing is MASSIVE! About the size of a jumbo bag of chips. But they're good! Love that sweet + savory. Just be careful of the staples when you open the bag!Coming from Philly and living 2 minutes away from this Chickies location, theres no other place that makes you feel so close with my fellow philadelphia sports fans. There are a MILLION TVs, so anywhere you sit, you'll have a great view of one of the TVs. The place is pretty huge. the crab fries are obviously a must when you go. I have enjoyed just about everything I have ordered here including the calamari, cheesesteak, mussels marinara, wings, etc. A bar that actually plays the games' on the speakers instead of music, then when a commercial hits during the games...cue the music! They have weekly specials for beers and on big game days.Great place to grab a beer and some crab fries before the game.Great time yesterday at the south Philadelphia location.  the hostesses seated us promptly and when I asked for a table rather than a booth they were very accommodating.  our waitress was very nice and the service is always fast.  Great place to go after a sporting event especially when your team wins!Go eagles!  This is "THE" Philadelphia sports bar.   Watch an eagles game here, you can see any of the million flat screen TVs from any angle.  They play the sound on the Eagles game throughout the bar, and play music during commercials.  They even play the Eagles fight song after every touchdown!!  Sing with the rest of the fans!  Join the fun!
It gets packed on game day, which is the best part.  There's a free shuttle bus to take you from Chickie's to the football stadium.  There are probably 100 tables inside, so even if they quote you a 20 min wait, it never takes that long.  
Food is average, bar food.  But a few quality items that I love - the CRAB FRIES!  Ripple cut french fries with old bay seasoning and cheezy whiz dip on the side!  Classic!
I really like the crab bruchetta also.  People love the mussels, but I've had better.  The hoagies are average, good if you're drinking heavily watching the game!  The pizzas are really good, and a better value than getting hoagies.  You can even order a tower of beer that sits on your table and you pour it yourself from the tap.
This is my favorite Eagles bar in the city.  I much rather come here than the new Xfinity live complex.  Avoid the over-crowded over priced Xfinity and come to Chickies!Chickies and Pete's is the spot. Nothin beats Crab Fries. No way you go to Philly and pass this spot up. Hit 'em up at the Linc as well.If you are craving sysco crinkle cut french fries with old bay thrown on them then this place is for you. Service SUCKED this sunday at the S Philly location. Apparently they make all thier money off of suing any restaurant on the east coast that uses the words crab and fries to describe  a menu item.It's become the place you go to before a game in south Philly.  I have always had a good experience here.  Crab fries are a staple.  Lobster white pizza is always great.  Mussels in white garlic sauce, yes please, I will take all the bread you can give me to eat this delicious broth.  My favorite of all time at Chickie's is the McGooby sandwich.  A great roll, with chopped onion and pickle.  They then top that with steamed and peeled shrimp.  On top of that goes some crab fries, and on top of that goes the patented Chickie's cheese sauce.  It is a great balance of cold and hot in a seafood sandwich.  Can it complete with the lobster rolls of New England, maybe... I would like to think so.
My service has always been great here, and there are always beer specials to be had.I ordered a special drink at 11:56 ( been trying since 10 of) when my bartender finally gave me the drink he said its going to be full price because it's pass 12, I showed him the time on my phone and he immediately got upset and said "don't worry I'll pay for it because I know times are hard and you can't afford it." 
YUP you read that correctly. My bartender, not knowing anything about me, disrespected and insulted me, after I treated him with the upmost respect and thanked him after every service. 
I've never been so offended in my life. You need to seriously reconsider your staff.One of my favorite places to grab a quick bit to eat. I have only been to locations in the airport and stadiums. 
The crab fries are one of the most amazing things you will ever try. The wiz is litteraly liquid gold (be sure to buy an extra one). 
Beware of the other food on the menu... it is typically just greasy bar food. Stick to the crab fries and you will be golden!Love chickie's and Pete great environment great people love the food!!! Always consistent and never had a bad experience love the burgers, nacho not my favorite but everything else is phenomenalThe place needs to be cleaned. Fun environment on game days but generally smells like an old dirty restaurant. Menus are regularly sticky. Food comes out when it's ready so it's fun to have the meal at different points. The crab fries are the best. Menu is extensive.C&P has turned into a Philly staple.  The food is standard and they have a decent selection of beer.  Their crab fries - crinkle fries with a special seasoning recipe, though no crab meat - with the cheese dipping sauce are often referred to as 'crack fries' because of their addictive nature.  (I find them to be on the salty side.)  
But these aren't the reasons you go to C&P.  You go there for the Philly sports watching experience.  Whether it's the Eagles, Flyers, Phillies, Sixers, Soul, etc... you're bound to find a good, energetic crowd.
If you can, get up to the original C&P location in Mayfair.I went to chickie and petes last night for dinner and it was the WORSE experience EVER.  Now don't get me wrong I have  been to chickie and petes on several occasions and it was a great experience BUT last night made me feel like I was on a bad episode of BAR RESCUE.
1.  when we walked in (party of 3) the women at the hostess booth were so busy in their own conversation to even acknowledge that someone walked in. we waited for about 1 minute before even being acknowledge (STRIKE ONE)
2.  after being seated the waitress came right over and asked us what were we drinking.  didn't give us a minute to even look at the menu.  after ordering the drinks (which came out very fast) we order our appetizers.  the appetizers came out very fast which was great.  but we finished the appetizers and waited a good 10 minutes before the waitress came over and took our ENTREE order (STRIKE TWO)
3.  Entrees come out  (which were pretty good) and we finished them.  the waitress never not once came over and asked us how are we, did we need anything, she basically never came to check on us.  when she finally came over we asked for boxes  because we couldn't eat the rest of the food.  she brought us the boxes and left.  for another 15 minutes before we flagged her down and asked her for the check.  (which she should of brought when she gave us the boxes).  (STRIKE THREE)
**oh did I mention that it wasn't crowded?  so there was no need for the POOR customer service.
bottom line -- the FOOD here is GREAT,  but the customer service SUCKS ASS BIG TIME.  The waitress we had was very lazy, unprofessional, and act like she was intimidated by us.  My company does a lot of business with sports bars in Philadelphia and because of last night I will have them reconsider their relationship with CHICKIE and PETES.
I will take GREAT customer service with mediocre food ANY DAY -- over POOR customer service and GREAT food..4.5 stars. Service and crabs legs we LOVED. Snow and Dungeness crabs were off the hook. Our server was incredibly helpful and nice. The (curly haired) hostess, however, who worked that night of August 22 can use some serious training. She was really off putting and not welcoming.Love comin' home and checking out this bar while watching the Phillies or Sixers.  There's nothing like Philly sports fans, the most passionate in America. 
The food is good and the service is great!  Would give them 5-stars if they had larger tv's for better viewing....you have to go next door to Play2 for that which is a cool place within itself.Say whatever bad things you want to say about this place, but don't you dare utter a bad word about their crab fries.  Yes, they're world famous for a reason, cuz they're f'in tasty.  Perfectly crispy crinkle fries dusted with seasoning and with two sides of their cheese sauce.  I could just eat these as the meal.  Their crabs are good too, so is the seafood chowder (a bit spicy), as are their cheesesteaks.
I've only been to the original NE location and now this one.  This restaurant is so big, I could get lost in it.  They have sinks in the middle of the restaurant so you can wash the crab guts off your hands. And the sinks in the bathrooms are made out of crab pots.  How cute is that?  Oh, and they have a "Taxi Crab" that will take you to and fro from the stadiums. The size of this place is a little overwhelming, but the food is always good, quite affordable, and it's fun. Just leave any pretentions at the door. It's a Philadelphia sports bar institution.Great place! A few different bar areas, cool sports pics on the walls. Loved that the bathrooms were central and clean. Good food. Decent service at the bar. Very cool place before a concert!We were here for an event honoring 9/11. I had the salad (surprise surprise) with grilled chicken. The chicken was salty I couldn't even touch it. My mouth watered after taking the first bite it was so strong. The fries were yummy though.
We also sampled their pizza. No flavor whatsoever, but we had to eat.
The actual venue and the servers are great! So two stars there.Last time I was here was a long time ago.  My friends and I played our oletimers touch football game nearby.  We stopped by here afterwards and spent over $100.  As we were down to our last pitcher, we talked about ole time for 10 minutes.  For whatever reason, one of the managers stopped over and just about kicked us out, as if we were tying up one of his tables on Saturday night.  It was about 6 o'clock.  I guess he didn't appreciate the $100 that we already spent, and needed that table badly.
I found the food OK, nothing you can't get around the corner,  but more expensive.  Overall, this is a decent place, but overrated.  And honestly, I didn't care for their corporate attitude.  Give me one of the smaller, local cheaper places in South Philly, where aren't in a hurry to get your table.Our extended family brought us here for some hangover therapy. 
ATMOSPHERE:
Its a huge sports bar with big windows, wood everywhere and more TV's than a Vegas kino parlor.  And they have THE coolest restroom decor I've ever seen!
FOOD:
Crab Fries - Apparently their specialty.  The fries were average but the dip is to die for!  Not sure why its named that way as there's no taste of crab. 
Cheesesteak Nachos - Huge portion with a good amount of toppings.  Very good. 
Lobster Cheesesteak - Meat, fresh lobster & cheese sauce.  This isn't the best cheesesteak I've had, but maybe if it came with real cheese it would've complimented the flavors better. 
Mussels Marinara - A family member's dish, so I just tried one.  Tender & lots of flavor but I'm not a big mussel fan. 
Dungeness Crab - Tried a portion from my hubby.  It's good but mainstream.  Nothing unique. 
SERVICE:
We walked in at lunch time and got seated in about 15 mins.  Our female server wasn't the friendliest of people but she did check on us throughout our meal. 
OVERALL:
This is the place to be if you're a sports fan or if you just want some great bar food.Mozzarella sticks and crab cheese fries were excellent but waiting for a drink at the bar to wash it down was painful. Need more bartenders on a Sat night.Crab fries
Buffalo tenders
Decent service
What's up with the leggings?
Clean bathrooms 
Interesting sinks in the bar area
Hyoooge
Taxi crab for 10$
Not too far of a walk to the ballparkCame here late on a Friday night after catching a free jazz concert and fireworks at Penn's Landing. I had pretty high hopes for this meal because the two friends I was with had been talking about taking me there to celebrate my graduation since I got my diploma in June. We ordered two baskets of crab fries for the three of us, and although we all have big appetites and were starving when we arrived, we couldn't finish them. The fries were wayyy too salty! I was told by J that they usually aren't, and judging from the pictures that others have uploaded, our crab fries were obviously very over-seasoned. A spent half the meal shaking the seasoning off each individual fry before eating it. I did like the cheese sauce but overall I was disappointed that the crabfries did not live up to the hype. 
I also had the Magooby--a sandwich with jumbo shrimp, pickles, onions topped with crab fries and cheese sauce. The funny name caught my attention (I should've asked where it came from!), and I ordered it even though it sounds like a weird combo, because weird combos usually turn out to be absolutely delicious, right (i.e. anything from Little Baby's)? Here, not so much. It wasn't bad--but it wasn't good, either. My biggest qualm with it was that the sandwich was cut in half before the fries and sauce were put on top, which made it difficult to actually separate the two halves without making a mess. Maybe I'm being picky, but I just don't like getting cheese sauce all over my hands! J enjoyed his buffalo cheesesteak (you can't really go wrong with that), but A thought his white mussels were just so-so. I was also pretty shocked (in a bad way) when we got the check. 
The hostesses were a little standoffish, but our server (I think her name was Nicole?) was wonderful! The sports bar atmosphere is pretty cool, but I'm not a sports fan at all so I probably won't be back.What a great sports bar!  This place is huge and has several television screens throughout the restaurant and the best thing is that they have steamed seafood!
And I love my blue crabs which they had perfectly seasoned and delicious!  I got to eat my crabbies while the bf watched his games.  A winning combination!I have been going to Chickies & Petes for a while(roughly 8 years) and they always have been consistently good. Excellent food, great service and a well respected sports bar in its location. Very clean restaurant and there is always a hostess to greet you at the front door. Great for large groups, and have late hours on weekends. I highly recommend getting the buffalo wings and the mussels in white. FYI if you are going to Chickies and Pete's on a game night, be prepared to wait a bit long to be seated. Other then that, it's a great place to go!Came here today and it wasn't busy at all, we sat right away. Had their famous crab fries and they were "meh". Had some garlicky clams in a white sauce which was pretty decent. We were warned that it was cook to order place and food would come out as such. Well we got out fries, and clams, then one entree: lemon pepper boneless wings - they were pretty good- ranch was amazing. 10 minutes later my burger is not out yet, waitress comes over shortly to explain they're "hand rolled" and that's why it could take a little longer. Um ok sure. Another 10-15 minutes go by, still no burger, no waitress in sight. Ok, now I'm getting pissed. My gf is done her food and I still haven't even got mine. Another 5 minutes go by and here comes the waitress to another table. I had to stop her like ummm, 30 minutes is entirely to long to wait for a burger and did you mean hand rolled like they put some meat in their hand and form it into a patty!? She says yes. I said okay well there's no excuse for it to take that long then. She said she would take it off the bill (no shit, I wouldn't pay for that)! We paid the check and left. She barley apologized and seemed like she really didn't give a shit.We came here to watch 3 Sunday football games at once... The Eagles, Pittsburgh and the Ravens.  We were shocked by how empty the place was.  We asked to have them change a TV so we could see the Ravens game, but they wouldn't do it, so our resident Baltimorian was a bit bummed.  I guess X-Finity has impacted their game-day traffic.  I was pleased that we sat right down though.... and that nobody chased force fed us our food, and chased us out of our booth.  We got to enjoy a full football game at a table, which had never happened to me at Chickies before.  We grazed, and ate good food and watched great football.  Bud light was $2, but i noticed that the glasses had false bottoms which was kind of annoying... i mean a pint is a pint is a pint... but they try to save a few ounces?  Really?  I love the crab fry salad.  As a vegetarian, that's my trusty stand-by here.  
I had a fine experience, but I guess i'm just bitter about being so grossly mistreated here before.  The staff isn't particularly warm and nice... but I think that's almost partof the charm of the place.  I'll be back... but my craving of crab fries isn't as strong as it used to be.This place has a great happy hour and great for corporate events, the servers are excellent!  However, if I could change one thing it would be the hostess staff, they seem to be clueless when it comes to any catered events happening there.  There are usually at least 5 of them standing there but nobody seems to know which event is where and instead of trying to figure it out they just tell everyone to take a walk around and look for themselves. That is very unfriendly and unprofessional, they should be informed of every event taking place and escort the guests there instead of just saying I don't know and pointing to where it might be.Went here before a concert and it was a fantastic choice. My friend and I were seated very quickly and the waitress was prompt and friendly. There are tvs everywhere, but it would have been nicer to maybe have a wider selection of shows on? The food was delicious! The crab fries with the cheese dip are to die for. And the bacon cheese burger I had was scrumptious. We were able to share an order of crab fries between the two of us no problem. When the bill came I was pleasently surprised at how cheap my meal was. We spent $10 a piece including tip for a fantastic meal. I can't wait to go back!I was in earlier tonight with my friend and my son for a mushroom & swiss burger which was great and cooked perfectly. The food is always great, but the exceptional part this time was our waitress, Katrina. She was very attentive but most of all she was wonderful and very patient with my son, who is a bit of a talker. We had a great time and will be back again soon.WHAT A DISAPPOINTMENT!!!!
all we wanted was to have an onion loaf as a side dish with our lunch. When we asked the waitress about this she replied "  That's not Happening"  So we cancelled the onion loaf I then went to ask the manager why this wasn't possible and he replied
"that's not our style"  Needless to say we got up and walked out.  bottom line if you want good service  DON'T GO TO CHICKI'S AND PETE'SThey give you the most mussels and their delicious. The famous crab fries are excellent. The hot spicy shrimp is definitely worth ordering. Also, its a cool spot for kids in the back they offer a gaming section for a reasonable price.Crabby fries good. Atmosphere good. Cheese steak. Nasty. Horrid dry bun and meat. Cheese was really weird but they said it was a regional favorite.Crab Fries were delicious. Fries with Old Bay Seasoning served with cheese sauce. 
The Lobster Philly Cheesesteak was grub:) The Steak nachos we're pretty good too. I'll pass on the calamari.
Good selection of beer. Would definitely go back.This is -the- spot to be before any major Philly sports game (note: if you intend to dine or get a few drinks before any match, I suggest you arrive at Chickie's at least 2 hours before the starting time, and I mean at least, the locale is large but fills up quickly). 
Believe it or not, Chickie's actually serves as a neighborhood bar as well as a sports bar, so if you brave beyond your dining table towards the bar section you're likely to run into a few South Philly natives. 
The food is good, and splendid if we're talking crab fries (5/5 stars), I dream of crab fries and the ooey gooey cheese they come with. The crab fries served at the CBP and Comcast center stands just aren't the same. 
Other food is good too, but it's your typical bar food. I usually opt for the chicken tenders sandwich (3/5 stars), I wish it came with lettuce, or something other than fried chicken, mayo, cheese and bread... but I'm usually busy filling myself with crab fries while and before ordering it anyway. 
Drinkwise, I'm no beer drinker and the cocktails are alright, they're made from concentrate and mixes so nothing fancy like homemade simple syrups here, but they do the trick (if you don't like sweet drinks, you won't like these, they're extremely high in the sweetness factor). 
I appreciate the fact that most of the staff are brunettes (more power to us), and they're usually very friendly albeit extremely busy. 
I gave Chickie's 5 stars because its a Philly sports staple for me, and as a Phillies partial season ticket holder (3 years now), I can assure you that this is where the official pregame is at, the energy here before a game is electric (Flyers games get a good turnout too).Chickie's and Pete's  aka  "The Greatest Place on Earth."  
*Warning* I am from the Philadelphia area and had to move away.  So this review may be a little biased because I miss C&P so much, but it is still such a wonderful place to go to if you ever visit Philly.  This particular one is a little far south of the city but right next to all of the stadiums.  The atmosphere is always jumping and the staff is always on point.  They have a HUGE bar and it really is not difficult to get a drink.  Try the YARDS beer.  Deliciousomaculet (just made that word up).  The ridiculously large projection screen in the corner for sporting events is a wonderment of awesomeness.  Come hungry, be happy, and you will have the time of your life.  
The best things on the menu that you have to buy:  Crab Fries, CRAB Fries,  then more CRAB FRIES dipped in the cheese sauce.  Mussels (in red), little neck clams, and the renovated Chickie Wings.  You also have to get a beer tower (size: two pitchers worth).  It is gaudy and annoying to have on the table, but it is just a tradition.. So do it!.  LOL.  
Tip:  Get there a good hour before any big game.  Wait can be up to 90 mins and the place is really big.. Plan ahead.   Enjoy!!
-Ian M.This is a great location. Big bar to have a drink while you wait for your table, lots of screens with just about every sport available to watch (even those that aren't Philly teams lol). We were a table of four and got seated before the predicted 30 minutes. They'll text you when the table is ready which is great! 
Crab fries are amazing - just the right amount of seasoning (boardwalk or mimic versions are always overdone). Burgers are great. I can't speak to the seafood as much but my company would tell you to order the lobster dishes. 
Service is friendly - can be a little slow but I'd fault that on the amount of people/crowds more than slow servers or kitchen flaws. They'll let you know if your food will be on the longer side (burgers for example take longer to cook). 
Overall this is a great location - just about walkable from the stadiums too (if it's warm out!)Just came back from lunch at chickie and pete's and everything was excellent. My son and I took my mother for her birthday. We had the lobster white pizza which was out of this world. We had  the little lobster tails which were delicious. Fried calamari was excellent, son had a bbq burger which he said was very good and of course we had the crab fries. waitress was very nice and friendly. Love this place! Excellent customer service and food!The food is great and the service is usually exceptional. It;s a fun place. The lobster dishes are excellent. The PIZZA IS MY FAVORITE. I like the fries like everyone does. They refill soft drinks and the staff is great. All TV's show everything. Can get crowded but that is because it's GOOD! AND the management is friendly! Caters well to out of town visitors!No problems with the actual restaurant but chickies and Pete's stands at bb&t pavilion and Lincoln financial field are absolutely absurd. $14 for fries plus another $3 for cheese cup is just outrageous. Used to be a strong supporter of crabfries but I will never drop that absurd amount of money on just a small cup of fries.Chickie's and Pete's is an artery clogging experience. They are known for their crab fries. They taste super good. And, they are accompanied by melted cheese.
The crinkle cut fries are cooked just right. But they give you so many fries, you might gain ten pounds and have a heart attack in one sitting.
Part of me feels they'd be better off giving not so generous portions. As good as they taste in the beginning, they start making you feel like a pig by the end. And, man, that salt kicks in and all of the sudden you start asking yourself, what am I doing to myself.
So yeah, eat a little, you're alright. Down a whole serving, you're hurtin' for certain.I've got to agree that it's one of Philly's secrets exposed. The buffalo wings are great along with the hot shrimp, dip their bread in the spicy sauce when you get the chance. People go there for the Crab Fries which has the seasoning powder still stuck to it when you dip it in the sauce, goes great with the beer that they serve from a funnel. The place is huge, and finding parking isn't too bad. Downside is that it's popular and when there's a game at the stadium, it's really packed. Expected wait time for a table for 5 is about 30 minutes when there's a game.I have been going to Chickie & Pete's for years.  This is definitely a Go-To Place to watch sporting events if you can't watch the Game in person.  How can you not enjoy the atmosphere where the TV's are everywhere and everyone in the place is ready to have a good time.  
Chickie & Pete's is the kind of place you have to take "out of towners" who are sports nuts so they can see how Phildadelphians Love Our Home Teams - it's nothing like seeing the looks you get because of the intensity that is shared by Philly Sports Fans!!
Now, the food - of course - you have to have the Crab Fries with melted cheese.  The other selections of seafood, wings and yes the Lobster Cheesesteak are items that keep you coming back to sample other things on the menu.  
Without a doubt - on Game Day - it's a FUN Time, and other nights - its a good place with good tasting food.My favorite Fries in philly, the crab fries are just to die for with the cheese sauce that they come with, it's a must stop every time I'm in town and i am never disappointed. The Philly Cheesesteak and Crab itself are also awesome. Can't really wait to go back!On game nights, this place gets crazy.  We were here on game 3 of the Penns Flyers game.  Good apps, over priced drinks.Always a stop when we visit Philly. Crab fries, pizza, cheesesteaks etc all hit the spot while taking in whatever seasonal sport is playing on the many TV's. Check this place out!It's always a great time when the games are on and you're hungry! The crab fries will blow you away. Never been a fan of the sweet potato fries, but it's not bad. The white mussels are the best. Also, the service here is great. Chickie's is your stop for a taste of Philadelphia.OK so this is a sports bar? Had to beg them to put on 1 of there 50 or more TV's the #1LSU vs. #2Bama game????.....cant get Oklahoma State vs. Kansas State or South Carolina vs. Arkansas???? Excuse? They don't know how to change the channels ....even the bartender is apologizing...at least they have on the Pitt vs Cincinnati and mizzou vs Baylor game....come on...u guys don't even know what big games are playing?the food is always consistently good. bar food done well. nothing cutting edge but a good sports bar to enjoy the brew with fellow sports fans. service is all over the place, sometimes attentive and nice and other times I gotta chase the waiters down just for a drink. I usually just sit at the bar. an energetic, rambunctious scene.This is a large sports bar hat hits the right notes if loud music, multiple tv screens and bar food is your thing.  Think of this like any major sports bar but on steroids and louder. The beer menu is extensive and they have a full service bar.  The food menu is replete with all the usual favorites but they also have a large selection of oysters, lobster and crab.  Almost like this place is trying to be Philly, Maryland and Maine all on one.    We tried the recommended CRAB FRIES. We received a  heaping basket of fries covered in Lowrys season salt like stuff with two cheese dipping sides.  It was enough to feed 6 but it was nothing to write home about nor would I recommend unless you have low blood pressure and are trying to pump it up...SALTY!  Also, there is nothing crabby about them.  Don't let the name fool you. No crab meat, no crab flavor. Just a big ole basket of fries. 
We ordered the Italian pizza which was a cheese pizza with arugula and balsamic sauce.  It came with a very thin crust.  Perfect and yummy.  Big enough for two.  The service was average but enough.  Overall, a decent place to go have a few brews and some average bar food.  I bet this place rocks when the local teams are playing.This joint continually blasts loud rap music around the clock, disturbing the peace and quiet with this sonic garbage of dozens and dozens of travelers waiting for their plane to depart. 
Turn down your damn loud speakers, you self-centered noise-polluters!!!!My husband Rick and I were going to come here before going to a Phillies' game but  instead we opted to eat lunch here.  And it was a good thing we did too.  It was crowded enough already--imagine what this place is  like before a ballgame!
Chcikie's & Pete's is well known for their seafood--particularly shellfish.  I ordered the Jumbo Lump Crab Cake sandwich, one of the best I've ever eaten, but man-o-man, "Jumbo" is right.  Good thing I was able to walk it off afterwards!  Rick wnated t do the touristy thing and order a Philly Cheesesteak.  Well he went for the  lobster topped  Philly and did it ever look good too!
And yes we did split an order of their famous Crabfries!GREAT place to watch the game!!!! And that is about it!
Crab fries... Yeah.  They are tasty, but all they are is (admitedly decent) fries with Old Bay Seasoning on them.  Not all that magical. 
The muscles are good - and spicy.  In fact, just about everything on the menu is spicy.  I understand that the goal of the menu is to sell beer, but come on!  Not everyone wants one spicy dish after another!  It becomes too much.
My friend who cannot handle spicy food was there with us to watch the game.  And that was when we found out she did not like spicy food.  We never knew this before.  So, because she was not eating , she opted to only drink soda (drinking on an empty stomach is not smart, after all).  The bill came and they charged her for every soda.  Classy.
But a GREAT place to watch the game!!!  FRIGGING WOOT!It is a really cool sport bar. It will be perfect if you try to celebrate sport or friends' birthdays; it's perfect for groups! The food there is amazing too! I love their fries most!not even happy with this place. here from out of town.  came to see our team play. stupid white girl hostess gave. my table to another party because since we were all black she thought they were with me. REALLY!! so after three loud complaints and LOTS of B.S our game 30 minutes later is on . not happy at all. i will not be back nor will i EVER reccommend:-(Their famous crab fries were interesting. I wouldn't say they're my new favorite food, but it's definitely worth a try (especially if you're new to the city).yummy king crabs, snow crabs, crab fries, mussels, and buffalo wings. It can get pretty busy here on the weekends.Coulda Shoulda Woulda Can't Rate This old Old OLD Philly Home City Favorite Anything But The Max! Gets It On Memories & Traditions Alone Wow But Sure Didn't Disappoint Me Nor My Taste Buds & Palate In Anyway I Came In Essentially Starving After Only A Small Bite To Eat Before Flying Now I'm Stuffed & I'm Going To Blame This Condition On Ms Kelly & The Great Cooks In The Back :) I Had What Is Essentially A Meatballs Bread Bowl & Thetr Wete So Many In It Was Incredible! As Always Made New Good Memories & The Place Looks Great Actually Upscale Which Is A Good Thing Just Across Broad & The Ball Parks On Packer. Awesome Awesome Experience Cheers & TGIF Go Eagles Yes I'm Baaack To EnjoyThere is a bunch hype for this place.  My food was good, it wasn't great.  Prices are good too.  For the area it's a very good place to eat dinner before a game/show.Crab fries, and mussels with red sauce where great! Right in the heart of south philly this place is perfect for watching sports with colleagues and friends... Don't forget to check out Play 2 on the other sideDecent steaks here, but awesome fries. Try the Crab Fries, just do it. Their bar selection is excellent, even for a bourbon snob from Kentucky like me. Be prepared for a little wait, but the Crab Fries are worth it.Service sucked, food had no taste. This was not my first time here but this time it was horrible. They sat us down in the children's section it was freezing I mean it is 7degrees outside. I will have to give this place a break so they can get it together.On my way out of town we stopped by to a must visit place in Philly.  Had the famous chicken cutlets and crab fries before our flight out of town.  Great place for a quick bite and a cold drink.I was referred to this location by a woman at the counter as I was checking my bag for Jet Blue at the Philadelphia airport. What a great suggestion!  I had an absolutely delicious crab cake sandwich and margarita. Joanna the bartender was lovely as was Joe the manager as I got to talk to both of them while I was waiting for my flight and enjoying my meal. Overall great experience as I enjoyed the atmosphere, the food, drink and terrific service. Now looking at the reviews, I can't wait to go back to check out the crab fries!not a fan...   Heard so much hype of this place.   ordered the Crabbie Fries which are froozen fries fried and old bay on them...   how does that make them world famous...   no idea.   and we ordered wings which were just a basic franks hot on them...   glad I tried them.   at least I got a picture with Lane Johnson....Hostess was not friendly.  Waitress made up for it.  She was really good.  Food was good.  Will be back to try the crab legs.AWESOME place to go chill at when watching a football game, especially if there's an Eagles game going on. 
Gotta get the crab fries there. So good!Visited Philly for business and my corworker wanted to go someplace to get her first authentic Philly Cheesesteak.  Thanks to Yelp for helping us find Chickie and Pete's.  Went to the location near the stadium and it was only about 15 min from the airport at lunchtime.  
I am sure that it is a neat bar scene when it is gametime.  Pretty dead at 2pm on a weekeday!
They brag about the "crab fries" and we just didn't get all the hype.  They were fries that had some crab boil seasoning shook on them.  TOOOOOOOOO  Salty.  But the cheese dip that came with them was amazing!
The cheesesteaks here are good, but I don't have much of a base to compare them too.  If trying to eat healthy for the new year, avoid this place.  Absolutely nothing healthy on the entire menu.5 star sports bar! Food, beer list and service were excellent. We went here to kill time before the airport and were not disappointed. I ordered a salad since I'd been eating cheesesteak for days and it was fresh and well made. The fries were excellent too- not to be missed- and I loved the selection of local beers. I equate it to our local Taco Mac but I've got to say - this place is much better. We need to step it up in Atlanta now that we have so many new sports venues!The food was pretty good. We had philly nachos, chicken parm sandwich, lobster philly cheesesteak and crab cakes. Everyone was happy with there food. Just make sure you talk to the right hostess as the man at the front thought I couldn't read. He kept telling me me my name wasn't on the list even after I received a text message stating my table was ready. He insisted to the hostess that I must have gotten the initial text message. The funny part was he wouldn't even look at me or speak directly to me although I was right there trying to speak to him. Wonder what that was all about? Our waitress was super friendly and quick.Great place, clean, loud, friendly, enormous! Cold beer and many varieties including local. TVs and sports everywhere, big part of the fun, but many nooks and crannies and rooms and several bars and seating areas, so you're sure to find your spot. We had snow crab, it was sweet and fresh. Loved the crabby fries and that little cup of melted white American cheese for dunking. Authentic South Philly fun time.We went here before a Sixers game and ate some delicious shrimp.  I like that they just bring the food out as it's ready, instead of some dishes sitting around while the others finish.  Especially since we were all sharing anyway.
I do have to say that my friend said she wanted a beer that was like a Blue Moon (wheat) and he brought her an IPA.  CLEARLY he doesn't drink beer because he must have thought that because they kind of look the same so they must taste the same.  UH NO. Fail.Huge double bars.  Good scenery.  Reasonable drink prices.
The overpriced fries...?
The cheese sauce is good, however, I wouldn't even call the "Crab fries" "Old Bay fries" since the house seasoning is obviously a bootleg.  (Too much salt and not enough paprika...)  Better yet, bring your own Old Bay, order regular fries, and save yourself a few bucks.
Granted, the crinkle cut fries are decent, but since I know better, I just don't see how they can just slap a crab connotation on their flagship product.  (Kudos to the marketing department.)  I guess just happening to serve crabs that might actually come nowhere near the fries makes it okay...
Real crab fries have crab dip AND Old Bay on them.  Now for THAT, I would gladly pay what you have to pay for these fries.This is a great place to stop in before any game in the Philly area.  The place is huge and has plenty of seating.  They expanded this one to make it even bigger so you will likely be able to get in depending what day and time you are visiting.  If it's a playoff game or big game in general and the game has already started I would expect a wait.  
The food here is your basic bar food wings, beer and some really great mussels.  They serve everything as it's ready so if you are expecting an appetizer then dinner and so on you will not like this place.  If your mussels are ready before your chicken sandwich then you are getting it in that order.  They also have no dessert menu so don't go looking for any ice cream.  
This is a great place to go and party and they frequently have Philly area sports media and players in the place to meet.
Everything is fairly cheap in the place too so that's a major plus.  If you need any suggestions I would get some Crab Fries, Magooby sandwich and some Mussels in red sauce.  They also have some pretty cheap endless crab legs and other endless food entrees that you can get.  If you can't have fun in this place you are either an out of town fan or just not able to have fun.  Would definitely make this a place to visit if you are in Philly for a game and want to eat somewhere not in the stadium.On 12/31/2013, my girlfriend and I went to your S. Philly location to get lunch. It was 1130 in the morning and the restaurant was pretty scarce.  We were seated in the back room of the restaurant, where one other 4 top was seated.  There were numerous servers and with 2 parties in this back room.  Fifteen minutes after being seated not one member of your wait staff or management had been by our table.  On a busy day this time table would be alright but there were servers and a female manager both standing by the back bar not actively involved in work.   Ironically when I asked the hostess sitting in the back if we had a server, instead of your female manager getting involved, she continued to look at her cell phone and then turn her back as to act as if she didn't hear us.  Through this whole experience this manager could be seen walking throughout the restaurant on her cell phone rather than engaging with her employees or better yet the guests of your establishment.  I did have to laugh a bit watching this for two reasons.  First right by the front door there is a sign that reads "no cell phone use" and secondly, while I was managing a Chuy's restaurant in college,  I would never imagine being on my cell phone in the front of the house.   With that said, the hostess in the back tried to locate our server which was even more comical to watch. The table next to us even commented "now they are going to argue over who is going to serve you."  Again very laughable because again in my past restaurant experiences on a slow day my servers would be fighting for tables to make extra money not fighting not to work.  
Instead of waiting for the servers in the back to decide which one would serve us, we decided to make their choice easier and just go sit at the bar in the front part of the restaurant.  I can say that both bartenders were great they promptly took our orders and when we explained what we witnessed in the back, one rolled their eyes and goes oh geez. 
Now, on to the adventure of food.  I ordered a chicken cheese steak and my girlfriend ordered a chickie signature salad with chicken.  Both pretty simple items for a kitchen to prepare.  My sandwich arrived within 5 minutes of ordering. Unfortunately the salad took over 25 minutes to arrive.  Again, in a busy restaurant setting, a time frame within reason, not a time frame in a restaurant with 20 people at the most.  Also as  I would imagine like most your commercial kitchen set ups, your salads are made in a different part of the kitchen than your steaks.  However my sandwich came out and sat in front of me for 20 minutes while we waited for a simple salad to be made.  While watching the manager zoom around the restaurant on her cell phone, it was very easily to see what was causing the delay in the restaurant.  When your kitchen staff is in the front of the house watching the replay of the flyers game instead of making food ticket times will be long.  
Overall this experience started bad and ended worse.  I feel the lack of attention by your manager is probably the direct cause of our experience. She obviously was more interested in her phone then what the employees of the restaurant were doing.   Also she lacked the motivation to take initiative when she clearly heard that we had been seated 15 minutes and no one had been by our table to check in with us.  
Now you may ask why didn't we ask to speak to the manager while we were there?  We asked, but were told they were busy at the moment.  Of course whatever was going on in her cell phone conversation was more important than customers sitting in her restaurant at that very moment.  I understand restaurants can be busy, and things happen.  Unfortunately, through my experiences in the hospitality industry I did not notice one reason for our experience today.If you are looking for good food, don't go here.  Mediocre at best.  Salty, expensive and boring.The fries and cheese sauce went well together! It was fresh, hot and ready to eat. The seasoning was a perfect blend of sweet, savory, and salty. I would buy these fries again for $9.I have always loved this place all of the locals are great the original in the NE is the best. BUT......I just saw on Action News 6 that the owner has been taking tips from the servers. I had to find a public forum to say how disgusted I am. Pete the owner you are a horrible Human being....there is no one in the world that can put a positive spin on this. So don't bother with the " complex federal pay regulations". 
The public is not stupid. I think the readers of Yelp need to know this.Went to Chickie's yesterday after the Flyers game for my sister-in-law's birthday. I was worried about the cheese for the cheese fries being different because of a recent review I read, but all was good. The fries tasted like they always did.
One thing I *hate* about this place is that they won't seat you without every member of your party present. So, if 4 out of 7 are here, you won't just seat us at a 7-seat table and let us get some drinks? Or if someone is visibly in the parking lot you won't acknowledge us until they're IN THE DOOR? It's so irritating.
Anyway - the food last night was good. I got the seafood soup. It was pretty spicy, which I wasn't expecting, but luckily I like spice. It also had clams and mussels in the shell. The one thing that disappointed me was that there really wasn't much seafood in the soup. 
Someone I was with got the mussels in marinara - and what came out of the kitchen was gigantic. I'd recommend it if you're hungry.
Service was super slow, but they were busy, so I won't complain about it too much.
Overall, this is the go-to place after/before a game, but other than that I wouldn't be making any efforts to make the trip.If it weren't for the fact that they have a million TVs everywhere, there would be absolutely ZERO reason to come here.
The crab fries... suck. The rest of the food... sucks. The service... S-U-C-K-S.
I went here in March to check out the NCAA tournament, and by the time the first half of the first game was over, I wanted to pay my bill and leave. I say "wanted" because it took the bartender almost 25 minutes to bring me my check and swipe my credit card. I couldn't get out the door fast enough. I ended up going to Fox & Hound in Center City and had a great time there. Now I know where to go when I want to watch multiple sporting events at once.
Crab fries? Why is this a big deal? They're just crappy fries with old bay on them. This place is an absolute joke and an embarrassment to a city I love.I have eaten here before, but this was my first time at this location.  We came here after a 76ers game, a decent option to get here from the game is to use the crab taxi if you have been indulging in libations, otherwise they have quite good parking.  We ordered the clams white and the mussels white, along with an order of crab fries.  The broth for the clams and mussels were terrific slightly spicy with a white wine, butter, and garlic kick.  These go great with beer.  The crab fries are a must here, they are fries covered in old bay and served with house made cheese sauce, a must while in Philly.Came here the other night before heading to the Eagles stadium. The happy hour deal was amazing! 3 dollar 3 olive mixed drinks and 5 dollar pizza / fries or wings!! We obviously ordered a ton of those. I had a great time and the bartenders were very attentive and friendlyMaybe this place needs male servers, because the girls arent cutting it. They seem uptight, barely hold a smile, and doesn't check on you as they should, And when I get a server that doesn't do any of that, its hard to be a returning customer. And it would be nice to see some minority's working there besides the staff in the kitchen or bus boys. I don't know, I've gave this place 2 chances.. Maybe it's just not for me.i really wanted to write this review for play2, attached to chickie and petes. chickie and petes was pretty cool, but nothing too out of the ordinary for an insanely huge sports bar. but play2 made my night extra special. we have a group of 12 and for $40 an hr, we had our own private group space for gaming, complete with a lounge space with a table. IT WAS PERFECT for a work happy hr. we had a waitress and a game guide. we ordered food and drinks and ROCKED OUT with rock band. we danced our asses off with dance dance revolution. we all had aching faces from laughing and smiling sooooo hard... it was an incredible night. and the food and booze is incredibly cheap....i was amazed by the bill at the end of the two hrs we spent there. need to go back soon!!!!!!!!!!***Review for Superbowl only***
I would say I'd return on a non-hectic day and write a review based on my experience from that, rather than one based on a crazy day such as the Superbowl, but quite frankly, there's about a thousand better bars in the city with great bar food that are more centrally located.  This is not one of them.  However, it is pretty unrivaled as far as sheer size, parking availability, and game viewing goes.  
As for watching the Superbowl: the amount of TVs, fellow cheering Eagles fan camaraderie, celebratory music after every TD and overall atmosphere made it probably one of the best places to view the game and they handled the crowds/checking-in process in spades.  Perhaps the shortcomings in the food were because they were slammed and everything was churned out for the masses and under warmers, but a few experiences years ago here (plus stadium dining) makes me think the food really is just subpar.
With that said, I'd like to first give a shout-out to our amazing server (of course I forget her name now) who took care of us during the entirety of the Superbowl, from about 5 until 10 pm.  I paid $130+ for a seat at a 4-top table to view the game, which boasted all you can eat and drink. I was afraid we'd get a server who would barely come by and make the free-for-all of food and booze sparse.  But she delivered.  Not only did I NEVER have to flag her down for anything, but she brought multiple pitchers of beer to our table so we wouldn't need to keep ordering individual cups (and even immediately put in an order of the crab fries since they're wildly popular).  Food, silverware, napkins, etc. all came timely.  So, no problem there.
The all you can eat menu was obviously limited, but was actually super varied, offering everything from pizzas to the infamous crab fries to mussels to cheesesteaks to crab legs (which was a nice surprise), and so on and so forth.  We ordered (all at once to make it easier on her): one cheese pizza, one roast beef sandwich, one burger with blue cheese & bacon, two orders of crab legs, one order of boneless wings and one regular, and nachos.  Minus the crab legs and the wings, all were underwhelming.  The crab legs (although covered in a kind of annoying garlic butter broth and hence, super messy) were fresh tasting and steamed to perfection so I didn't have to struggle to crack them open.
Everything else was just mehh.  Most nachos were plain with only a few covered in globs of quickly-hardening cheese, sour cream and guac.  Pizza tasted frozen.  Burger was good, but cold.  Fries are too covered in that bay seasoning and that cheese sauce is rubbery tasting.  I felt pretty shitty after eating this and I can equate that to the beer or the food or both but something didn't set quite right.
If you're down at the stadiums and need a place to watch a game, then this is your place.  But if you're looking for really great bar food, skip this altogether.This place is an awesome experience, it's huge, it's an awesome place to catch a phillies or eagles game, and they have pretty decent food as well.  The atmosphere and size alone earn this place 5 stars easy...
out of towners, you should check this place out...crab friesI enjoy all of there food but I secretly come just for the fries lol. I usually have a seat at the bar which is huge and order drinks with friends. Wings are great, I'm never disappointed. For the first time I tried the lobster ravioli and it was delicious, I will definitely have those again. Fried shrimp are also a good choice. Basically you can't go wrong here!Came down on a bus trip for an Islander game. Even the Philly fans were nice!!  Eat and drink here. SUPER!!!  Casey was our waitress and she's super!!We came for the play off game because chickies wasn't charging a ridiculous amount for cover or reservations. So we thought we got lucky. Instead what we got was a restaurant with no working bathrooms, and terrible management. The bathrooms had no water pressure so no toilets wet flushing. We spent the first half of the game going on wads of toilet paper, and stale urine. None of the management staff seemed to care this was happening in a full bar. As if this wasn't bad enough, our friend got up to smoke and was told he was not allowed back in. Despite going to smoke multiple times during the game, this time security wouldn't let him back in. He wasn't told when he left that he wasn't allowed back in. Otherwise he would have just stayed put. We tried talking to the manager and our waitress even tried getting him back in because still had an OPEN TAB and his food sitting at the table. Security ended up escorting him back to our table so he could pay out and then escorting him back out. This was all before halftime. So clearly we weren't letting our friend stand outside in the cold, we decided to leave and continue our evening elsewhere. I understand being at capacity, but communicate that more clearly to your customers. Especially when they might have to leave and go use the bathroom somewhere else because yours aren't working. I was a huge fan of chickies before this.  But now I will avoid this location and maybe spend the extra money xfinity is charging for a table.By far one of the best if not only sports bar and daily regular hang out for me back when I still lived in south Philly !!!!!!!!!! I was there hanging out for lunch ad dinner and partying til closing nearly 20-30 hours a week at least. Great place to catch the games, mingle with people and the friendly staff. I'm sure if management or Pete himself reads this and sees my profile pic he would remember me. If owner Pete is reading this ....."yo Pete you should consider opening a CP out here in Vegas all the Philly people that live here and there is quite a lot to be honest love and miss CPs . 
Recommendation to people is def try the crab fries. Many of te items on the menu are great. Been 3 yrs since I moved from south Philly to Vegas but I'm guessing there's been a lot more added to the menu? 
I really hope to one day be visiting back home and will def want to come back to CPs. I miss the overall experience atmosphere, food, service and most importantly the people of CPs as that's what really makes me love the place and is key to any business to retaining clientele returning. 
Hope someone that remembers me reads this and messages back on yelp. Would so seriously love a CP franchise location in Vegas for all us Philly natives and such out here. Plus Vegas could use the most popular voted sports bar in the nation at the biggest sports betting capital in the world here in sin city. 
Love you all at CPs
Tony Lance Chiu
Tough TonyThe food isn't anything special. The service is terrible. Our waitress, Erin , lacks training. Doesn't know how to split a check or how not to mix up people's cards or even void a transaction. It's taken over 20 minutes to solve a mix up and the other coworkers gave up and left. I'm still here. Still waiting. And now late to return from lunch. The manager went somewhere in the back to resolve the issue. This is ridiculous.This is your classic sports bar and restaurant. The space is huge and open with many tvs lining the walls as well as a couple bars. Conveniently located near the stadiums. 
Definitely get some of the crab fries. They are much better at the restaurant than the stands at the stadiums. I ordered a ham and cheese sandwich with maple sauce and it was actually pretty good - a nice sized portion of ham. The beer menu is large so
I'm sure you will find something you like. The lobster cheesesteak was pretty tasty as well. Fun place to hang with friends watchin the gamesOne of my favorite places to grab a quick bite to eat. The crab fries with cheese dip is a must! So ridiculously good!I live near here and it's always a good time. The crab fries are an obvious go to, but sitting at the bar and chatting with the bartenders is also a good time. Surprisingly, the pizza here is very good. I don't eat seafood but my friends also rave about the magooby sandwich and the mussels. I enjoy coming here the most when there isn't a big sporting event and you can just come to relax and talk with the people you are with. All in all, drinks are pretty reasonable and it's definitely worth a visit.Must get the bucket Fries at Wells Fargo stadium before a concert! The cheese sauce is also really good when you mix with ketchup.Went there on a Sunday during an Eagles game. Very fun and energetic vibe during the game. The place is massive with tons of tables and many TV screens. Food was good too. Solid place to grab food and watch sports.Overrated. Everything on the menu is fried. They are known for the crab fries, which is nothing more than french fries with old bay on them. The portions are average. The BF ordered an extra marinara sauce for the mozzarella sticks when we got the bill there was a $1.00 charge  when questioned about it the  waiter said if I could take off the $1.00 I would. (the  waiter didn't tell us there was an additional charge nor was it posted on the menu) No problem the $1.00 gets deducted  from your tip.First off, let me be clear that this review is only for the crab fries as eaten at Citizens Bank Park. I couldn't find a separate listing for the ballpark concession, and so thought it made more sense to review the fries within the context of the restaurant vs. the ballpark. 
And I'm a Brooklynite; we were there to see a Mets / Phillies game, so I wanted to add some non-native perspective to what seems to be a great local fondness for these fries. 
I wonder if it really isn't EXCLUSIVELY a local thing: I'd heard so much about these fries and was definitely curious, but as we were waiting on line to get some, the more rational part of my mind kept telling me, Wait a minute, do you really wanna do this... you see, the all-pervasive aroma wafting from the concession stand was... well, weird. 
And when we got our order and actually tasted them, I found they tasted very bizarre, too. Just a very salty, very strongly-flavored spice mix that might work on crabs (I don't eat crabs, so I couldn't say), but to my palate, is ABSOLUTELY WRONG for French fries. I'm reminded of the celery salt sprinkled on the Chicago-style hot dogs at Shake Shack at CitiField, another bizarro pairing that doesn't work at all. 
I guess you have to be a Philadelphian. This New Yorker says WTF?!?! to crab fries.I don't see what the big hype is about. In my experience everything was pretty average. The food was pretty average and so was the experience. The crab fries were good of course. They sat us right by the sink which was the worse experience. I'll come back to give them a second chance but as of right now I'm not impressed.As you walk in to Chickie's and Pete's, you are surrounded by dozens of big screen plasma TVs playing everything Philly sports. As you walk in, the beautiful hostesses gain your attention with a smile, and if you're lucky, walk you to your table without that much of a wait.
This place is huge, so huge you just have to see it to believe it. 
Chickie's is perfect on game nights for a great atmosphere. Be mindful of when games start and end if they're being played across the street. Chickie's gets mobbed during these times, so good luck getting a quick table. 
The waitresses are babes, and by babes, I mean the typical fake hotties from the Northeast or South Philly. Back tattoos, booty pants, and enough fake breasts to get Pamela Anderson jealous.
Now for my recommendations:
Chickie's is known for their crab fries. These are french fries covered in old bay and other seasonings. They're really good, and it's pretty much a prerequisite to order them.
Now for the seafood. I HIGHLY recommend the mussels. You get a HUGEEEEE plate of very large mussels in red or white sauce. I recommend the red but the white is delicious too. You could easily eat this as a meal, but I eat it as an app.
For dinner I generally get the hardshell crabs. Hope you're ready to get messy! You get 3-4 crabs in a garlicky seasoned sauce that is delicious. You need to crack, rip, and suck to get the meat out of them. It's a lot of work, but the end result is worth it.
If you're the lazy type, or just not in the mood to work that night, I recommend either the roast pork or the cheesesteak.
If you still have room in your stomach, you're in for a treat. Termini Italian bakery is in the same shopping center. If you've came early enough to catch them, they have the best cannolis in the city!I am a local from South Philly. Going to Chickies is always a good idea. The food is delicious and the service is good. Crab Fries are a must. I did however, try the Sweet Potatoes fries tonight for the very first time and it was BANGIN! ITS A MUST! New year so I felt risky and tried new dishes tonight. I also had for the first time the veggie pizza and I must say it was soo damn good. Lastly,  for an app. we did a small buff. wings and they were perfect!  FOOD AND SERVICE WAS good.
The only thing that bothers me but it is what it is if you want extra chesses or marina sauce its an extra buck. But all in all, highly recommend.I've been here a bunch of times ... The service is usually good but tonight it was so off. I don't expect anything special here as it's very casual and everything is served as it comes up/is ready, but tonight's service just sucked. It wasn't crowded at all but our server was working as if she had a ton of  tables! It took almost 10 minutes for her to come over to us to start... And then she would let long intervals go by before coming back to check on us. When she did come back, she'd ask if we're okay then run off! As for the food: the crab fries are always good and were tonight, but the Buffalo chicken cutlets were terrible!! They were dry and hard...I can't explain it other way... Definitely not the way they used to be before! Overall the food was really below standard. Will not rush to come back here anytime soon.Went on a Friday night. Pretty busy but typical for a Friday. Wings were pretty dry but the buffalo chicken cheesesteak was solid. Service was great! Would come back again.Great Sports Bar in heart of south Philly...Lots of screens 
One of best place to watch an Eagles game...
Family friendly too...so bring your kids to celebrate the Eagles win...Every time I'm in philly ...I hit this spot ...
Crab fries to die for...
Friendly servers and good eats and great screensI love the South Philly location (on a normal day). Yes, it does get way overcrowded during football games, but that's expected.  You cannot go wrong with mussels and crab fries.  I personally think their seafood is much better than the sandwiches. Wings are good too. Get the mussels in red, crab legs, or hot shrimp. And of course, baskets of crab fries! the beer towers are great for groups, also. 
I do have to say, went before the last Eagles playoff game (vs. NO) and we had to pay $25 at the door and received vouchers. I will never go again during a playoff game. We didn't even spend $25/person.Omg ...the booths where all empty ,the hostess  (5 Of them) said I'd have to wait for the servers to come to work before I could be seated ...wtf  I went someplace else?....(5 hostess's  )...lol. Last time I go to Chickie and Petesso i literally... just TRIED to order TWICE on ubereats &'these asswipes literally like literally won't take my order. geez etc.Love the crab fries, but the new sweet potato crab fries just don't do it for me. Stick to the original fries and delicious cheese sauce.
Great place to watch a game, but can get crazy crowded.Food is solid. Pizza(Pete-za) some of the best. Only knock for a "Sports Bar" if you will is that other then local sports they do not provide audio for other games. Went in to the NE Location to watch Sunday Night Football (non Eagles ) and asked if they could turn down the music and turn up the volume of the football game. I was told house policy was that they play music. All six of us voted to leave and go down to Buffalo Wild Wings down the street. Don't even know if they have the NFL Ticket. Great place for great casual food...."Greatest Sports Bar In North America" ?????   NOBeer towers + mussels red + crab fries + wings + big TVs = Chickie's and Pete's.  When I have a day to kill, I kill it in Chickie's and Pete's ordering apps, drinking beer and watching sports.  C&P is a also a great place to eat and drink before heading to a sporting event.  There is plenty of parking and is large enough that a wait for a table is manageable.
The wings and mussels are amazing (dip your bread in the sauce), but I do agree that the crab fries are completely overrated.  Service is friendly and quick.  Prices are average and acceptable.
If you have a day to kill, head down to South Philly while the sun is out and head home (via desinated driver of course) under the stars.Was introduced to this place by an area resident. I'm SO GLAD she brought me here. The combo fries were delectable. The Chickie's Style Hot Shrimp was terrific. And Oh My Gosh...  Never in life would I have had the desire to try a lump crab cake atop a burger, but the Ultimate Tailgate Burger?!?!?! That was amazing! I'd definitely recommend this to residents and visitors alike. I just added another great pub to my list -- one that's an A-List for seafood too! SURPRISING and AWESOME stuff!!!I hosted a corporate event on a Tuesday night at C&P. The place is huge with multiple different areas as well as private rooms. Very clean and has a lot of character. Staff was great as we had many special requests. We had a large variety of appetizers. All were great! Crabby fries were too salty for me. The pizza, wings, bruschetta, nachos, sweet potato fries, etc were awesome! I highly recommend this location for any type of event, for dinner or to watch the game!The place is huge, they have a variety of food items on the menu, crab fries are good (but c'mon they're french fries with old bay, big whoop).
Service is slow and staff is unfriendly.I like C&P overall!  It is a fun place great for groups or two or even one.  We ordered pizza the last time and I was actually surprised that it was so good.  My husband was too.  Boys loved it.  The crab legs were good, as well as the crab fries.  Who doesn't love them?!  Service was ok, not bad.  I really would love to check it out on a game night, and I'm sure their happy hours are great.The food when we got it was good. Problem was, the three of us got our meals about 15 minutes apart. We didn't get our crab fries for 45 minutes. The meals come with nothing besides the listed item. Overall our experience was poor.I went here for my first time tonight, and I was blown away! I'm a big fan of sports bar/restaurants so this place definitely fit the bill. Their buffalo wings were DELICIOUS! And I've heard so much about these Crab Fries, I had to try them... they rocked too! Give this place a shot, I'll definitely be back.Chichie & Pete's is a great place to come for good finger foods and they have the best fries ever! When you get a chance to stop by for some good eats, be sure to sit in JT's section. Not only is he awesome at what he does, he's not bad on the eyes ladies.Oh my.... This place is a hate or love kinda place. 
New to Philly a friend told me we have to check out this place.....to my avail I found the found the food pretty dreadful. Although there were some pros! It receives 2 stars purely based on food quality.
Pros: Atmosphere, Service, Crab Fries, Cleanliness
Honestly, theres just no point for me to go back especially since I go to restaurants to eat.Worst front door staff ever. Putting singles on four tops, so many tables open and people waiting 20 or more minutes. These girls define the term dumb blonde.This place is huge!  TVs everywhere...and we rolled on a Monday with a group of 15 people...and they delivered a solid experience.
We ordered like 8 apps....timed right and food got there when a good dent in those were done.  
Tower of Beer:  Best Thing Ever.Excellent venue to watch the Eagles game! or the game of your choice, just as long as its not the same time, as ALL TVs will be on the Birds.
We sat at the back bar. Little less crowded, still plenty of team spirit. Keeping the spirits moving was Tara. Great bartender and fun to chat with during commercials.
Food - Started with the signature Crabby Fries. Little spicier than your standard Old Bay Fries. Liked the crinkle cut as something different. We were mixed on the cheese sauce.
Cheese Steak Nachos - I wanted to like these more than I did. Maybe because I was not a fan of the cheese sauce. Contents of a cheesesteak over chips with the standard nacho fixins. 
Burgers - great size. Good flavor. Over-cooked for what we ordered but still tasty.
Will definitely return, game or no game. Its a great place to hangout.Came here while in Philly for what everyone raved about, their crab fries. I will say, although the atmosphere is really quite nice the food was just salty and greasy. The bar is geared towards sports fans and has about 400 TV's with every game known to man on. You can order your choice of decent craft beers and a full menu of food. The famous crab fries were really just fries with melted provolone (maybe?) cheese and what tasted like Old Bay seasoning sprinkled on. I was not a big fan. I didn't care for the after taste in my mouth, but then again I personally hate hate hate Old Bay seasoning. So, you might enjoy them. After eating some of the food here, I swear you can hear your blood pressure spike! The service was great though as was the atmosphere. It felt a bit touristy (and I was a tourist so no biggie) but I do think if you're in the neighborhood you should experience it at least once. Also as a side, you can get a limited menu offered from Chickie & Pete's in Citizens Bank Park where the Phillies play!I know I am back in Philly when my salad comes with crab fries piled on top. I absolutely love Chickie's. The crab fries are delicious and the bar is a great place to watch the game.I have been to this location so many times and I always stick with the same thing:  Crab fries and crab nachos (these nachos are amazing!) ! The combination of both is just awesome; add a beer on top of that and it is just perfection! I think that if I loved sport I would just be there all the time hahaWhenever I'm in Philly, I try to hit this place up. It's good food with a long wait.Simply outstanding! We had tried the crab fries before at Citizens Bank Park on a previous trip to Philly, but this was our first time in the full-service restaurant. We started with crab fries, of course, as well as the white mussels, which were both excellent. We then moved on to the Dungeness Crab and Snow Crab legs, while one of our group had the Lobster Roll. Lobster Roll had giant pieces of lobster meat and was a big hit. All those having crab raved about it, though one of us did not like the standard Chickie's crab sauce as well as the others.  The crab sauce was a spicy seasoning with lots of garlic and oregano...very tasty. We came on a Friday night as a party of five and were able to be seated right away (note there were no games going on at the nearby sports stadiums, so that helped). They had some great beer specials going on to wash down all the food...$3 Leininkugel Summer Shandy drafts. Service was fantastic, with our server Brittany excellently explaining things for us first-timers. For example, they bring out all food as soon as it is ready. So everyone's meal may not appear at the same time, but your food always comes out hot (very much appreciated)!  Plenty of large screens throughout the place so you can catch any of the games that might be on, Sportscenter, etc.  All in all, a great dining experience!My favorite C&P's location. The service isn't always great but there's so much room and seating, you really never need to wait for a table. Love their crab and sweet potato fries combo, they give you his maple dipping sauce. It's so tasty! The wings, cutlets, mussels, and pizza are all good. They have such a huge draft selection and they have daily specials. We went before a Phillies game and was able to make happy hour. $4 craft draft beers, $5 white or pepperoni pizza. Delicious!!!We ended up here with the family one night for dinner and watched the USA World Cup Match.  It's a really nice sized, sports bar and grill.  Lots of Tvs everywhere, and from the sound of it, the crowd was filled with great fans cheering for the teams.
We all shared an order of the crab fries and cheese dip which were delish!  I ordered the lobster tails which were a great size and much more than i had expected.  My sister got a hearty lobster roll and her husband got snow crab covered in garlic marinade. My parents shared the white pie that should have easily fed the entire family.  We all enjoyed our meals and the atmosphere.Very long wait for table, but busy tonight with Billy Joel and other concerts in town. We are 8 people; when finally seated, some dinners were brought out before all the appetizers. My son's dinner (only a sandwich) was forgotten. We asked when the last entrees were served and were told it is coming right up. That was 35 minutes ago-we just got the bill, but still no sandwich for my son! At least we weren't charged for it, but how could they charge for something they forgot? TWICE?I'm not usually a fan of chickie's and pete's for games or dining, but it is a great place to have fantasy draft parties. They offer different packages that include a 4 hour open bar with food on a limited menu. They gave us 3 different options and we chose the cheapest one which was $50 a person that included Bud light, Budweiser and well drinks. The food was decent with the mussels and cheesesteak nachos being my favorite. They also gave us a draft kit and t-shirts. The only complaint I have is that all the t-shirts were XXL which fit no one in our group. Our waitress did a very good job handling our everlasting orders of food and beer, This is our 4th year having a fantasy draft at Chickies and Petes and they have always treated us well and has been a pleasant experience.Went to Philly with my boys this weekend yo watch the Braves take on the Phillies on sat and let me tell you I feel in love with this place. From the moment you step in and greeted by like twelve girls to the moment you waking over to your seat. This place is beautiful. Huge place with TV's everywhere. They also have booths with huge TV's and Rock band Drums and Guitars. Place is awesome!
Our friend who's a local told us to have the crab fries. They were really good. I had a cheese steak. Prob not the best place in Philly but it was good enough. 
C&P also has every bottle of liqs ever made. Kid you not! It was like an alcoholics heaven. I had beers and a couple shots of Jamison. We all had lots to drink and the bill at the end of the night was pretty light. 
Being from NYC the people at this place showed us love too. The waitress spoke to us a lot. I wish this place was in NYC. I'm hating big-time. C&P beats out any Sports Bar in the city. Will be going back soon.Wonderful seafood, great atmosphere! Kid friendly! The best is that food is served hot because they bring out your plate has soon as it's ready. Your party  may get their food one meal at a time. Great idea for an unusually hot delicious food. I will definitely return anytime I'm in the Philly areaHad our company party there. I am very pleased, food is good and hot. Got drinks within reasonable time. Best of all, they have all the fun games here. Love It!Was very excited to visit. Knew it would be crowded. Even ok with waiting the 90min. Then a team member questioned my teenage son about his backpack after we had already been waiting in the restaurant for 60min in the same spot. He made him throw out his unopened water. What is he the TSA!  He was rude! The whole experience was so poor. The hosts don't know what they were doing. The management should have anticipate the crowds and let diners know that they would have to move to the bar area after their food service was done!  It's not rocket science!  This was lunch time during the super bowl parade. Never even saw a manger. Maybe the manager should have apologized to the customers waiting and the "bouncer" should have told the diners that were finished with food service they had to move to the bar area not stay and watch tv!  I will never ever come again and will never recommend and this is due to to poor management and rude "bouncer" and front desk!Buffalo Wings and Crab Fries are the best reasons to be here. The place is huge and I think if the Schwab of ESPN comes here he might have this as a Mecca. Nice people and staff situated on the pedestal of souvenirs. Do not come here wearing a NFC Rival jersey(Cowboy fans take heed) you will probably be booed thats how green this place bleeds.We came to Philly to watch exhibition Phillies game and planned to go to some fancy place for dinner afterwards. But it got so cold and Phillies were losing by 3 runs! So my husband asked if I wanted just to get out and have couple of beers at this famous bar. The coolest Taxi Crab picked us up and took us there. I loved it from the first second I stepped inside. They must have like 200 HD tvs everywhere-heaven for a sports lover! All the staff was really nice and friendly and outgoing. They had $2 special for Yeungling and I got one right away. The menu wasn`t big but it`s OK cause I got the feeling that all of it is good. My husband got lobster cheesestake and I got mussels in white sauce and OF COURSE famous crab fries (they were the best fries I`ve ever had). The food was plainly outstanding! We also had 4 beers each and our bill came to just $45!!! Sucks I don`t live in Philly otherwise I would be there every Friday.While I was in town for business, my cousin said that we had to come here to get the truly Philly fan sporting experience since it's located right next to the Philly sports park.
While waiting for her to arrive, I was reading Yelp reviews and realized that the crab fries were a must.  I ended up splitting an order of those and going with the Philly Cheese Steak which turned out to be great as well.
Atmosphere was a little loud since they were launching Corona on tap and this is the first place to serve it in the US.  TVs were also everywhere which made watching any NBA game possible.Just attended my Fantasy Football Draft here...the staff was AWESOME and the amenities they offered our group were fantastic!The worst dining experience. Came here this afternoon for a late lunch after the Temple game. Drinks took a while, Lauren was doing her best and made sure we didn't feel neglected. We finally got the crab fries and 20 minutes later one of the sandwiches came. Again Lauren apologized for the delay in my sandwich said it would be a few more minutes. Finally 30 minutes later and after my dining companion had finished their sandwich I asked Lauren to just remove it from the bill and give us the check. I was appalled that they let a customer leave the establishment without eating and only my server (again did a great job) acknowledged the short comings of the kitchen staff.Best crabs in town!!!! Everything on this menu is delicious, accompanied by a full Bar with a very large selection of craft beers, also very Friendly staff !!! If you are in Philadelphia area you must check this crab house out!The service is just ok, food is good, but not great. I go for the atmosphere, which is great for watching a game. Try the lobster cheese steak or the mussels, they go great with beer ;)Once again Chickie and Pete's delivers the goods. We get up to this place at least twice a year while in town on business. Had the cheesesteak and the famous crabby fries with white American cheese sauce. Co-worker ordered wings and they were phenomenal as well. Our waiter Nicole was phenomenal and she hooked us up with outstanding service. We WILL return again soon and we'll be sure to sit in Nicole's section!All in all, this is a good choice for pregame fare down by the stadium. I tried the pork sandwich with broccoli rabe and was not pleased with how soggy it was, and the size of it was not as big as I remembered. I think I'll go back to the chicken cheesesteaks.  However, the crab fries are always fantastic and plentiful, and the fried calamari with jalapenos on top was surprisingly delicious.  
$2 Yeungling specials on Tuesday all-day, and Thursday nights.Chickie's and Pete's is a Philly favorite and has three locations - the original on Robbins Avenue, the ones on the Boulevard, and in South Philly (on Packer Avenue) by the stadium.  I've only been to the one by the stadium after a game.  I mean it's not top-notch stuff, it's bar good that compliments the whole game day experience.
They're known for their Crabs and their Crab Fries.  I don't eat seafood, but their Crab Fries are off the hook.  Well done, crinkle-cut fries, doused with old bay and complete with a cup of liquified American cheese on the side.  My arteries are hardening as I type, but you gotta try 'em.  Besides the food, they have a full bar and TVs that are all  things Eagles, Phillies, Flyers, and Sixers.  If you're not from Philly or don't like their teams, here's some advice - don't tell 'em!Terrible. All they use is a ton of old bay. No crab n crab fries. 
Jaime has more crab than these fucking fries. Stay away!!!!I have been to Chickie's and Pete's many times. The food and experience had always been great. I took my parents for the first time to try it as I have enjoyed it. The host at the front was not friendly at all today. I asked for a booth but she didn't acknowledge at the first time, so I asked again to confirm in case she didn't get it. She impatiently told me booth seat is not guaranteed, but I saw there were many open booth spots. I didn't confront but said okay, it's fine. We waited by the side, but she seated other guests who came later than us. I asked her if the guests she just seated had reservations. She replied unpleasantly "because YOU asked for a booth!" That's not nice all to treat customers like this.I only have two words to say:
LOBSTER PIZZA.
Try it.
(okay, the crab fries rock my world too!) 
Man I miss Philly and C&Ps!Forget about getting food at McFadden's near the sports stadiums.  This place is the best place to hang out for its atmosphere and food.  We have always gone here for farewell parties with co-workers.  I have always enjoyed the chicken cutlet sandwiches as well as the crab fries.  I have often met up with friends here since the food is terrific here.  You will actually get great sesame rolls toasted with your chicken cutlets.First time there and was looking for some King Crab legs. Found 'em. My waitress was awesome and walked me through some of the other C&P faves. I opted for the crab fries which were nice but too heavy for me and the quantity was too much. The crab legs though were HUGE. I topped it off with a beer special and had a wonderful evening. 
I will be back and this would be a great place to bring my family and catch a game on the many large tvs.Horrible service!!!!!! We were our servers only table and she was always MIA and got every one of our orders wrong. She also paid no attention to my Celiacs disease and brought me food with Gluten. When we brought it to her attention, she didn't even apologize!!! We will not be back!!!Fantastic place.  It's a good thing we live so far away otherwise we'd be there every weekend.   
These guys know what they are doing and it runs like clockwork.  Very personable staff, good food and a great sports bar ambience.
My brother and I shared a 2+ lb dungeness and it was really meaty and delicious.  We're portuguese kids of a fisherman, so we grew up eating crabs every weekend, and we know our way around one.  This crab was exceptional.   We also had an order of mussels, some wings and crab fries.  Not a huge fan of the crab fries, but that's just my taste.
Can't wait to go back to Philly to go back to this cool place.The single best sports bar I have ever been to.
Amazing atmosphere, unbeatable specials and like 400 TVs. Good luck finding a parking spot!Worst customer service I have ever encountered. Hostess told us 30 minutes we had to wait because they're busy totally understandable. Meanwhile 1 hour later we are still not seated and the hostess could care less. Instead she's too busy getting a back rub from another employee while we sit and wait. Very unprofessional.Everytime I fly to Philly, this is the first place I go. The PHL airport had expanded their restaurant, hopefully, they now serve full menu. I will check that place tomorrow on my flight home.I don't know why but I always hv a hard time trying to find something that I like here. I guess I'm just not a big fan of the food. Yea, the fries are nice, but not that impressive and the crabs are just ok to me (I am a crab lover, so that might mk me a bit biased) The server was cool & the wait wasn't too bad and overall I had a pretty good time. I just don't find that the menu offers enough of a variety. It's a lot of fried, bready & greasy foods that I can live without. I ended up getting the boneless wings, which were died a little too hard for my liking & my cousin got these crab nachos which actually looked very good. I usually go when a group chooses this place as I think it's cool for groups, but it's just not my cup of tea.My last job occasionally required a couple days here and there in Philly.  Sadly, on those trips I rarely had the opportunity to eat, let alone get burgered and beered.  So this one time (at band camp lol) the regional director (my boss) suggested that he and I take some of the underpaid and overworked Philly warehouse employees to a night of fun!  Right away I cringed.  Really, drinking and partying with work people?  You don't understand at that point I was praying for a miracle because there was NO way I was having a good time.  Well, I pony up and schlep from my hotel to Chickie and Petes.  Thank Buddha for this place!  I walked in and like sighed and cried because I saw a place that I could have fun at by myself if need be.  So the fact that work people were there didn't phase me anymore.
I never, repeat NEVER fraternized with people from work before.  I always took myself wayyy to seriously in a suit.  This is the kind of place where people can kick back and mingle.  I could hear the people at my table but also hear the music in the background and the 2 noises were in perfect harmony.  It wasn't like too quiet or too loud but just right.  The apps were killer!  We had about 10 laid out between 15 people.  I ate about a million crab fries before I knew they were crab fries and than ate a million more.  The beer jugs on the table with the spout were perfect.  We opted for Yuengling.  I bought myself a couple bottles of Stella when I got my pork sangwich.  It was mehh.  Maybe I ate too many crab fries, who knows.  I guess I can chalk it up to that.  I was saddened that there wasn't a shwag dance floor waiting me so I can get my Elaine on.  Oh well, I don't have that job anymore so I probably won't be going back anytime soon.  But I would if I were in this area of PHL again with some friends.One word. Amazing.
Great beer, great food, great prices.
I would visit Philly just to go back!Stopped in for a quick bite and they were out of many items due to construction. Chicken was ok and fries were pretty good.  Service was decent. Booth looked clean. Menus were gross.Great place!  We went here after attending  the phillies baseball game (they won!). The CrabFries are perfectly seasoned and crispy and come with 2 cups of the awesome white cheese. The lobster sandwich was very good- a good amount of lobster and delicious bread.  Hamburgers were good too and medium rare was perfect.  Tons of screens to watch the games and a Deejay. We will definitely return.RUDE staff, DIRTY seating area, OK food, NO existence of service. You would not find anyone eating here if they were not the only seatdown restaurant in Terminal D. I would not even want to eat here for Free.
Stay Away from this place. I am a frequent flyer and this is the worst Terminal restaurant in the continental US.This is a great place to catch a bite and relax with friends. The seafood is really good aswell. The setting is a sports bar and can be noisy but not in a obnoxious way. The service is great. Drinks are great.A very unprofessional staff organizing the crowd. Felt like it was the first time there was an event. Sometimes success is curse- not a grateful nor humble establishment.Ate at the airport location.  Not only was the food good but our server,Terri, was wonderful too.  Gave us a great recommendation.  She was so sweet. Highly recommend eating there when at the airport. Gate Eyour pick up system is horrible. i've  ordered 3 nights in a row same exact order and somehow missed something every-time. you customer service sucks , i call to tell them and they said "so are you gonna come back or what?"  no respect, there in a rush to get you off the phone but cant get anything right. i paid for order tonight only to have some guy behind me get his pick up order before me. customer service at the front desk is horrible.First time to Philly and had to try this Staple to try.  First impression is Wow, this looks like a great place to be on a game day.
Luck had it, today is National Crabfries Day, who knew? Lol!  Well that was the first try and  have to say, wasn't bad but not a reorder item I'd do.  Being from Texas, maybe not used to fries being so salted, but the two dipping sauces served with the fries added good flavor.
Asked the waitress for a good recommend action and went with the crab cake sandwich.  This was a good choice and very delicious. 
Overall this place is a winner and close to all the sporting events.Crab fries? Delicious.
Chicken cutlets? Delicious.
Everything else? Fantastic.
You can't go wrong with anything at C & P's! 
And don't forget the cheese sauce with your crab fries! It's not the same without it. And, hey, if you want extra, order extra. Live a little!What can I say!!!!   Best Mussels anywhere!! The only decision is whether to get Red or White... Last several visits .. Been RED!!!!!  I cant even bring myself to order Mussels anywhere else!!!! Latest visit yesterday My sons birthday coming from a Flyers game.. and excited to watch the Seahawks I'm a fan from way back and wanted to experience the win on Chickies huge TV!!  Of all my numerous visits I never realized they have a secret section all the way in the far corner with really nice cozy booths!!! Our waitress Melanie was very accommodating and also had the TVs in our section fixed for us to watch  the Football game. .. Her service was excellent .. The food was awesome including Clams, Mussels, roast pork and a parm sandwich everyone was pleased .. No Crab Fries this  time !! Maybe since I had to wait 30 minutes at the Eagles game in line freezing for them last Saturday!!!!!  Only complaint for the appetizer was not enough chips for the overwhelming toppings on the cheese steak nachos... When I asked if could purchase extra chips I was told $9.99..NOT..Next time ill bring my own!  LOL........Chickies is an awesome good time and always exciting atmosphere!!!  Great place to watch a game, celebrate a Birthday or just stop for a quick bite!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Love the fact that they made me turn my hat forward before sitting down. Crab fries were good but not awesome. Id probably go again just because the location is such a Philadelphia staple - but I won't roll into the city and go, "YO - I need to go to Chickie's And Pete's!"Natives recommended I try the crab fries, which to me tasted like soft, hot barbecue potato chips. They were pretty good and would have garnered a 3-star review. I added another star though for Play2. Being a huge gamer, I was pretty blown away that this place had big pods to rent out where you and friends can drink and play XBOX on a big screen. I wish there were places like this in Southern California. If there are, there aren't any nearby me so I'll have to stick to my home Rock Band parties/booze fests.
As for the atmosphere of Chickie's & Pete's, the front area was to be expected. Very much a sports bar and crab shack sort of feel. However, our hostess led us to the back where the Play2 area is housed. I felt like I walked into a gay dance club. Techno music was thumping loudly from above and I couldn't hear anything my bf was saying sitting across from me at the table. Nonetheless, I enjoyed the atmosphere, as the walls were lit up and club lights sort of flashed around me. 
It was a little weird to not see people dancing in such an environment, though once a group of girls got trashed enough, they did attempt to get guys to dance with them in front of their table. They were unfortunately unsuccessful in that venture. There were a few big screens on the wall showing camera footage of people dancing or playing plastic instruments from the gaming pods. Cute.This place is the real deal !! It's a true sports bar, not a wanna~be !! Place was packed and the service was top notch ! had to wait to sit but it was well worth the wait. Fries, wings, muscles all amazing !!! The waitress was on her game as well. Didn't have to wait for drinks (which is a big deal for me). Everyone seemed to know what they doing and did it well ! Great job mgmt team, you connected with your workers !!! Simply love this place.I didn't know what a crab fry was until I went here. I now have a addiction. I am seeking a support group.