Very dissapointed at the amount of food at the table. As a scholar of Latin dishes, Garces would expect to have some sort of understanding about the Peruvian culture. We eat in quantity. Granted, the scallion pancakes were good. The ceviche was good, up to par with other ceviches in NYC, but smaller.
If you enjoy the decor of food, you will enjoy Chifa. I never understood people who likes this sort of artistic value. I rather eat my food than watch it gracefully. Quail eggs? Really? There are numerous authentic Peruvian restaurants in North Philly that are cheaper and carry a bigger selection. Don't be scared students, traveling north is not a death sentence.Went here for NYE, I was equally impressed by the friendly staff, AWESOME FOOD, and tasty drinks. Both ceviches we had were excellent, crab empanadas were AMAZING. Our desert was an outstanding chocolate mousse topped with tapioca pearls and coconut shavings. 
The atmosphere is  warm, pleasant, and classy without being pretentious.
I don't know why so many reviews give only four stars without mentioning anything that Chifa could improve on. I myself think this place is a great way to spend a classy evening.Garces does it again! I was disappointed by the absurdly small size of the Congee. When's the last time you had a rice dish that was lacking in the rice department? I like small dishes when they are brought out 2 or 3 at a time, but we had to wait after each of 5 dishes. To make matters worse we were constantly interrupted by the waiters and staff. The house pan, Pork belly buns, cod, and the lomo saltado were superb.Went here for restaurant week, and it was probably one of the top five dinners I've ever had.
The duck tacos were freaking unreal - I didn't know duck could taste this good! I don't know what price range this place is usually at, but for restaurant week, this was a steal.Great cuisine and a nice vibe going on  The Tapas dishes are all pretty unique  I have never had bread with this unique texture. The Scallops, Thai Sausage, Fries, Pork were all great . Each dish has a unique taste  The 5 stars are a little generous but it closer to a 5 than a 4.Food is interesting and delicious.  It was a great place to go with friends and share all the different dishes that you order on the lazy-susan style platter.CHIFA has a really interesting and well-executed fusion cuisine, and the food is delicious. The small plate style of dining allowed 4 people to taste a little of many dishes, and although I'm not a curry fan, the curry dish I tasted there was amazing. We all left very satisfied and full. This place is pricey...no getting around that fact. But we liked the food, service was attentive and friendly, and the chicken dish alone is worth returning for, just delicious.I have been to Peru, Spain, Mexico & Dominican Republic and have sampled the high-end cuisine in Lima (Astrid & Gaston), Cuzco, Madrid & Cozumel. Based on my experience with the authenticity of this food genre it was sub par. Still good, however, for those that cannot tell the difference. I am a huge fan of Garces & his work but this restaurant just did not live up to the high expectations of Amada or Tinto quality. Restaurant week is a good time to visit because I could not imagine paying any more than we did during restaurant week.A beautiful, more flashy Garces restaurant that fuses very different cultures in Chinese and Latin flavors but Chifa works out nicely. The food is not mind blowing but it is presented artistically and the combinations are interesting. You have your pork buns and shrimp rolls that seem Asian but little Peruvian tweaks and influences make them their own. The coconut panna cotta for dessert is quite a nice way to end out the meal. Prices are on the higher end so it seems to be over priced for "Chinese food" and "Mexican food" but I guess you should get some credit for putting both together in a rational fashion.A big disappoint from the moment we walked in. The hostess was not friendly and when we check on the status of our table, they were rude. Once we sat down, we were in the basement which reminded me of lots of post office boxes all around. The tables were very close together. You can hear your neighbors conversation, even if you didn't want to.
Once we order, the cold entree came quickly, than we waited a very long time for the hot ones to come. The Kobe beef and ceviche we very good, but the other dishes( red curry, octopus, lobster bowl) were just average.
I would recommend Amada, but not sure about this one!Uggh what a disaster!! 3 is being generous but it was restaurant week  which can turn even the best restaurants into culinary nightmares..Is Chef Garces aware of the mediocre (at best) food being churned out at Chifa??
   We had a whole series of disasterous asian appetizers including Vietnamese Spring Roll- nothing fresh or spring like about it- super deep fried..Chicken wings (also very fried although tasty), peruvian ceviche (made with mealy fish which was unfortunately very fishy), chaufa (greasy), and red curry (a messy interpretation of the beloved thai red curry with a whole lot of things drowning in curry sauce). 
   The only redeeming item on the menu was the pork belly buns, which was a deconstructed version of pork belly buns and absolutely delicious. The whole meal was a disappointment, especially since I love garces' other restaurant ventures. I'm blaming restaurant week!!Maybe something was wrong the night I dined here - I don't know, someone let too many less-than-perfect dishes leave the kitchen that night - but it was enough to convince me never to go back. We called here because Tinto was full, and Tinto recommended Chifa, so we thought, what could possibly go wrong? 
I will say the drinks were great. They even make a Pisco Sour. 
But the food...there was something drastically wrong with every dish. Either too bland, or a little overcooked, or just rubbery. And I'm really not a picky eater. There was one really funny moment when my girlfriend and I were chewing on a piece of seafood for a good 3-4 minutes each. Seriously. It made for some laughs, but not for a good meal. 
We left hungry - not because I didn't order enough, but because we didn't want to eat it. The decor and atmosphere is great, but couldn't make up for it.I went to dinner here last night, not realizing it was restaurant week. It turned out to be okay because many of the dishes we wanted to eat were on the restaurant week menu. The whole experience felt very rushed, probably because they needed to turn over the tables quickly. When we ordered, our server told us the dishes would come out as they were ready. I assumed this meant some would come out later, some would come earlier. This was not the case. The food essentially came out all at the same time. The table was filled with their small dishes, and we were forced to eat them quickly before they became cold. Overall, the food was tasty, the service rushed, and the atmosphere busy. I'm glad I had the opportunity to go here, but I probably will not be back. Only because there are so many other great restaurants I want to try!This place has amazing food.  You must try the pork bao buns, like everyone says, they truly are great!  I've been to a few of Jose Garces' restaurants and none of them have disappointed me.  If you can, try to sit in the back since the booths back there are a little more intimate and personal.  Although, the decor closer to the front is very nice.   Whenever I have gone there, there is always someone who is very diligent about keeping your water glass filled, which is nice since I like to drink a lot of water with my meals regardless of whether I get a drink or not.  Their wine list is also very nice.  I can't remember what I've gotten there, but it was very good.  I think it was from Chile or Argentina.
I also recommend the parking garage at 8th and Chestnut.  They are quite reasonable even on the weekends.  I don't think you'll pay more than $10 which is pretty good for the city.  Also less than a block from Chifa!Little differs between Chifa during restaurant week and Chifa during the rest of the year. The same great tasting food, awesome service, and cool ambiance. However, I was disappointed to find that the complimentary bread and plate specials were not available during RW. Actually, that's an understatement. I was super bummed/utterly devastated! Yet, I managed. :) The food and service were still on point- maybe even coming out a bit too quick.
Hits: crab empanada, chupe
Misses: scallion pancakes (too thick/dough-y), aji gallina
I just wanted to give Chifa props (yes, I still give out props like it's 1999) for having outstanding food and service during the uber-busy RW. I've had some subpar experiences before and have always chalked it up to RW's hectic schedule/cheaper menu. Chifa proves RW is not a good enough excuse. Well done and I will be coming back for sure!3.5 stars
The place is pretty good but agree with Esther C. in that it is overrated compared to Garces' other restaurants. And it was EXPENSIVE - for Chinese (ok fine, Peruvian/Cantonese...but still)!!
The goods: Pork belly buns, duck taco, empanada, red curry (essential to get if you are dining with a big group...this is a pretty large portion), smoked pork (HUGE portion, also good for a big group)
The oks: Chifa chicken (overpriced for what you get), mussels (nothing special/noteworthy), ceviche
If my parents/in-laws found out what we ate and subsequently paid, they may quite possibly disown us. All-in-all, it was ok but I won't go back anytime soon.Chifa has been on my short list of restaurants to patronize for some time.  I've dined at Distrito, whiskey Village, and Amada by Garces several times, but never here.
I brought my gf for her birthday and we started out at the bar.  The bartender was a complete, inattentive space cadet.  I don't know about you, but when I sit at a bar, its because I'm thirsty and want a drink immediately!  A wine and a beer at $19 plus tip is pretty expensive!  However, the evening got better.
After consulting the hostess' seating chart, we selected the best table available.  We didn't want to sit in between romantic couples #1 and #2, and we wanted to avoid crying and food slinging baby accompanied by new parents.
Our waitress was busy but was nice.  I'm not that blind but had a hard time reading the menu's fine print in the low light.  She actually brought me far-sighted, lost and found glasses that allowed me to read the menu when she noticed I was struggling to read it!  They looked great on me and I almost left with them!
We opted for the $65/person chef tasting.  I think we received 15-16 plates in total, including a main entree of a roasted pig shoulder.  Each dish was excellent!
Our server also noted that it was my gf's b-day and brought a candle on our dessert plate.  I'll definitely frequent this place again.Tasting menu was the best meal I've ever eaten. Pork shoulder was crazy good pulled apart on tortillas with wasabi slaw. Pork belly sliders were fantastic. Loved the atmosphere. As good of service that I've ever had. Sad it closed.The service at Chifa is AMAZING. They train their servers amazingly well and these people have PERSONALITY! Every person that either bussed, waited, or stopped by our table KNEW every item on the menu, what it was, how it tasted, what it compared to.. I mean, for a place like this, that comfort level is definitely needed since you're pretty much experimenting on everything. 
The atmosphere is so enchanting. A beautiful place to just sit and relax with many different vibes going on. The first section is a "date" section, perfect for 2 people seating with alot of room to fit a great amount of couples. You can easily miss the decor and detail here, but it is gorgeous. The back section has THE most comfortable booths surrounding the two walls, with pillows that were right on time.. I was so stuff, I needed a nap! ha! There are also "private" sections in the corners with round tables for big parties. Between the booth section were 2 LARGE tables for 2 LARGE party seating. Downstairs (which we didn't visit) was the lounge/dance on certain nights/private party area.
THE FOOD WAS AMAZING! Everything was delicious. DO NOT take a picky eater here. You must experience everything! To help you accomplish your sampling of the vast menu, the small/sharing plate services is a great idea. The prices are low so that you can order a multitude of items. I think we ate half the menu lol. 
To start we had Ceviche - Hiramasa, then Ceviche - Peruvian. We loved the Hiramasa so much, we ordered another; the fish was SO tender, SO fresh!
The Kobe Lettuce Wraps do not even compare to PF Changs. These are on a COMPLETELY different playing field. MY GOODNESS what a TENDER Kobe!
The Beef w/ Noodles was good. My "least" favorite, but that is still far higher on a scale than any other food lol
Chaufa w/ Rice was amazing.. The scallops were seasoned so perfect.. The taste just HIT your tongue in one shock. The scallops literally MELTED in your mouth; no chewing required
I have NEVER tasted chicken, in all my LIFE, like the Chifa Chicken. If you DID decide to bring a picker eater? ORDER THIS! They'll eat it, LOVE it, and think this is the best restaurant EVER! It was as smooth as butter and again, melted on your tongue. Melissa, our waitress, said that they prepare it for FIFTY-TWO HOURS!!! 52?!?!?! Some serious love and care there!
The Wagyu Skirt... The Wagyu Skirt.. The Wagyu Skirt... **sigh**.. I fell in love at first bite... tender.. I didn't want the chewing to stop!!
Rack of Lamb was another GREAT choice! The lamb was again, tender, melted on tongue, sang lovely songs IN MY BELLY!!
DESSERT
We tried 3.
Hazelnut Mocha.. tasted like someone took an exquisite cup of coffee and poured it on a plate with some chocolate.. MY GOODNESS, this was good. JUST the right size for 1 person.
Passion Fruit and Coconut.. the flavors were SO bold and worked SO well with one another. Another SIZED JUST RIGHT dessert.
Green Tea and Melon was HUMONGOUS!   This was a subtle DELICIOUS cake that ended the meal PERFECTLY. With a cup of the Tropical Green Tea? HEAVEN. The Honeydew glaze was a nice addition to the plate!
Presentation  A+
Service A+
Atmosphere A- (started to get really loud by 8pm)
Food A+
I thoroughly enjoyed my night at Chifa!
http://www.chifarestaurant.comOk, so finally I did get to come here for dinner and it was just meh.
I wish they would really get rid of the tables in the middle of the room, the big rectangular ones.  They just are not good dining tables - way too big, guests are seated way too far apart.  Well, our reservation for our group of 5 was seated there.
We requested another table and eventually after standing around in the bar for a while, we got one of the corner round ones, which was finally appropriately sized.
The food... it was really hit or miss.  A few of the dishes were plain Chinese food.  This place is Peruvian Chinese so that's a given, except for other places in Chinatown made the Chinese staples much, much better and for less than half the price..  Like the scallion pancakes and the pork buns (which I didn't have, but other diners did).  
Everything was really small like Amada, except not everything was good.
They do have a couple of larger dishes, so size-wise, the experience was much like Distrito.  
The service was really iffy too. Sometimes the waiters would be really attentive, other times, could not be found for 10 minutes at a time.
Guess I'll stick with lunch, where the portions seem more reasonable for the meal.I highly recommend this restaurant! The service was excellent, I was seated right on time, and the food was superb! The restaurant had a very relaxed, hip vibe and, though the seating was a little close together, noise isn't at a fever pitch. 
You must try the pork belly bao buns- moist and full of flavor. The Nikkei style ceviche was good, but I feel as though you could get ceviche of similar quality somewhere else. I'd recommend ordering something else. The rack of lamb was divine- I don't think I've ever liked quinoa more! I'd also recommend the red curry. It has a lot of spice and cream to it and the crab meat takes the dish to another level. Though the dishes are served "tapas" style, I think the dishes are larger than one would expect- don't order too much up front. 
As for the drinks, I had one of their specials that was a twist on their "Diego Vega" and it was subtle, expertly mixed, and very interesting. I'd recommend trying whatever they have that night.FINALLY! I've been meaning to go to Chifa for the longest time. My boyfriend and I went last night for Restaurant Week which was a set $35 per person. 
1st courses:
Pork Belly Bao Buns: I HAD to get the pork buns because almost all of the yelp reviews recommend them! The dish came with 2 buns. The togarashi mayo added an extra oomph, and the pickled daikon and carrots countered the sweetness of the sauces. The pork belly wasn't as succulent as I expected. The buns were light and fluffy unlike the traditional denser ones.
Aji De Gallina Wonton: These wontons were good but not spectacular. The wonton skin was fried (can't go wrong there). The filling was braised chicken (moist), walnuts (couldn't really taste them), and purple olives (not overpowering). The sweet chili sauce on top gave it a nice kick. 
Ecuadorian Ceviche: This ceviche had raw shrimp with zesty tomato sauce. It was light and refreshing.
Peruvian Ceviche: One of the best ceviches I've had - the salmon was silky, the rocoto aioli was spicy, the sweet potato ribbon, mote, and pickled onions provided an interesting play of textures. Together, the ingredients married together in perfect harmony. 
2nd courses:
Vegetarian Curry: I didn't try this dish because it was too spicy for me but here's my boyfriend's description: "Think about the most delicious curry you've ever had. Let's suppose there was one ingredient that could make it even better. Well, this curry had it. It's creamy, spicy, and full of vegetables."
Braised Beef Short Rib and Taro Puff:  OMG SO GOOD. I'm a sucker for all things fried. The beef short rib was so moist, and the taro exterior was fried, salty, and heavenly. 
Bbq Pork Ribs: I wasn't wowed by the ribs. While the pork was fall-off-bone tender, the korean bbq sauce was just ok. However, the pickled daikon was the perfect match to the sweetness of the meat. 
Chifa Mussels: The mussels were sizable and perfectly cooked. The broth was creamy with hints of lemongrass and coconut - it really made the dish amazing. There were 3 pieces of toast to soak up the broth.
Desserts:
Bien Me Sabe: This was coconut cake topped with guava ice cream. This dessert was alright.
Suspiro: The lemon custard and meringue was good, but not much to mention beyond that.
The service was excellent - our waitress was very nice and attentive. Chifa played Latin background music, which further tied in the Latin culture. Pair that with the Asian themed decor, and the dinner was the epitome of Asian and Latin fusion.Does anyone else find Jose Garces' food to be really salty? That's generally what I thought of Distrito, Amada and now Chifa. Service was freakishly slow, they weren't even packed! The food presentation was beautiful (pics to follow). There were many mishaps in the kitchen that were in my favor so I had to give this place a 4 star rating. [1]
Came here for a birthday and had reservations for 8:30; was not seated until 9. I was annoyed but made it through by hanging out at the bar and doing some walk-bys of other people's tables [2]. I had the Tangerine Ginger Caipirnha which tasted like orange juice; and the Pisco Sour, which was a little bigger than a shot glass. The menu has this drink listed as $6 and for a double ($12) you can have it in a martini glass. Why not just make it a double and list it as a regular drink for $12?
They seated us downstairs, which reminded me of a bank safe. The décor resembled safety deposit boxes; I had to fight the urge to pull on all the rings!
For appetizers we had the:
- Chu-toro, I'd skip this, tuna isn't fresh and is merely bite sized
- Oyster, it's like an oyster shooter for giants.
- Duck Ceviche
- Duck Wonton Soup, duck was so flavorful... I don't even like duck!
- Desayuno, looked like a glorified egg McMuffin, and tasted like one.
- BBQ Ribs, it was really sweet and no bones.
Dinner
- Lobster noodles, similar to a cheesy fettuccine carbonara with lots of lobster
- Caufa Rice, scallops were really salty
- Chifa Chicken, PERFECTLY cooked and flavorful. The chicken boobie was juicy and tender
- Grilled Adobo NY strip, probably not worth $55 but the fries on this is amazing 
- Chupe, the sauce tastes the same as the lobster noodles.
- Rack of Lamb
Dessert
- Flexible chocolate, the flavors did NOT go together. Was it chocolate pudding, mousse? What was it? It was sandwiched with some rice krispies, chocolate ice cream and mango sorbet. Yeah, weird! It was a friend's birthday, so we had to get a dessert. I informed the waitress and she said that she would bring out a candle but she forgot. =(
[1]So I came here with a party of 4. There was a substantial amount of time that passed between the appetizers and dinner items. We did not order the duck wonton soup and the chifa chicken. We informed them that we did not order these and they said it was "on the house". After we finished our dinner items, we sat around and all this food started to re-appear on our table! Someone screwed up and they brought out ALL the dinner items out again!! When we told them of their mistake, they said it was "on the house". UMMM GUESS WHAT'S FOR DINNER TONIGHT?
 [2] Deep apologizes if you saw a creepy little Asian girl staring at you. I promise I was staring at the food on your table.Delicious!
We have been to Peru before, and when we saw the name of the restaurant, we started to drool. I must say that my Pisco Sour was delicious, and transported me back to Miraflores in Lima... Ahhhh, good times, good times...
The space is quaint, and very enjoyable, and our waitress was kind and very helpful. In terms of a Garces restaurant, this place also delivered. Yes, it is not cheap, but we felt that we received a good value for the money spent.
As others have alluded to, it's sort of a "tapas" concept here - small dishes, and lots of flavor! We visited in November 2012, and we loved every single thing we ate there. The lomo saltado and pulpo (octopus) stood out as absolute highlights, as one might expect from a place taking its' lead from Peru...
The rest of the dishes have changed since we visited, but I would not hesitate to return here and enjoy some new ones. I will probably do the tasting then!
Will DEFINITELY be back!
Tip: Try the Inigo Montoya - tequila, passion fruit, and thai chilies... impressed my wife, and she hates liquor! She ordered two of them!I really have fallen head over heals for Mr. Garces after a few lovely occasions at Distrito.  We went late last Friday night and just made our way through the menu. It's Peruvian tapas, which just sounds fantastic, right? And like a lot of the other reviews mentioned, some items on the menu are exceptional. And others are way at the other end of the spectrum. Almost as if there are two head chefs out there and one is the cool, hot, older brother turning out pure deliciousness. And the other one is a jerk and no one likes him. 
But onto the food. Here's our road map of what was AWESOME. And not. 
Complimentary bread balls - worth going for these and these alone. O wow, just give me one right now to put in my mouth. 
Crab empanada - safe and tasty. The boy didn't love it because the crab meat was a little on the fishy side, but its all sorts of crispy goodness otherwise.
Pork Belly on some sort of floating-on-air bun: these were delicious and juicy.
Duck Ceviche: Yum yum yum yum. 4 little spoons of ceviche and tastiness.
Potato thingy: good, but not nearly enough for the price
Beef thingy: beef was great - well seasoned and very flavorful, but the mess of veggies and sauce it was sitting on (were those fries in with my veggie mix? Yes, yes it was) was nothing special. 
There's something else we had that was...obviously forgettable. At the end of the night, the bill didn't overwhelm, but neither did the food. We'll go back, but we have some other Garces' to hit up first. 
3 1/2 stars please.Loved the ambience, the drinks and the food! We had a couple of their cocktails. I personally liked the spicy one. For starters, we had the pork buns and the empanadas. The pork buns were delish, the empanadas were ok. For the main course, we had the 5 spice pork and the oxtail chaufa..I cannot tell u how GOOD the 5 spice pork was..u have to go and try it to know what im talking about..comes with 4-5 sauces and a few small tortilla like things. the oxtail rice was also amazing. Our server was very attentive and explained the portions and the options very well. I would definitelty return or recommend to anyone for a fun evening!Garces is a genius, but once again, it's hard to enjoy his restaurants after the check comes. Enter the "Express Lunch". For $12.50, you can get an app and entrée of this delicious Latin cuisine. Oh, wow. I just checked the website and they raised the price to $14. Unbelievable!! I have been going here since they opened and have found it harder to return based on the prices rising alone. The food is definitely good, but how can I validate paying more for what I just received last week for less? Sigh.
I'll at least say that the BBQ ribs app is really good- the sauce especially (and it was once part of the express lunch until I guess they figured out that they could charge more for it). My favorites are the solterito salad (edamame/cheese/tomato combo is fresh and inviting),  and the red curry (coconut, jasmine rice, eggplant & tofu).
The decor is awesome. Blue china vases on the walls. Curtains separating every two-or-so tables add to an optional intimate experience. Ample seating for large parties. It's gorgeous. The staff are trained and impeccable at their jobs. The beer list is great.The ceviche is to die for. I got this hen entree, it was perfectly cooked, it comes with two different sauces, 1 was delicious, the other sauce was bad. The price is kinda expensive but what do you expect from a Starr restaurant.Great place. Fun vibe, excellent service and really good unique food. Done small plates style my hubby and I ordered 6 dishes. Our favorites were the perky toe crab empanadas and the ribs (yum). We also appreciated how they brought each dish out one at a time piping hot so everything was paced nicely. Drink menu was also great and I really enjoyed and enjoyed their sangria and dessert was perfect. We will definitely be back.Before making your reservation at Chifa, take a moment to consider whether you want to sleep with whoever's going to dinner with you. If yes, ask for the slinky back room (it's foxy back there); if no, sit in the front, in the light of day, where no one would expect an orgy to occur.
There's a (not so) secret vegetarian menu, so ask for it if you're not eating animals. I kind of love having a separate, special menu; it makes me feel more like a member of a cool secret club and less like a weirdo inconvenience to chefs who'd rather be cooking pork belly and octopi. Also, options! So nice to have options. Garces takes good care of his herbivores.
Tofu belly buns (...where is a tofu's belly, anyway?) have a delightful mixture of doughy, sweet, spicy and acidic flavors (the pickled stuff really sets off the hoisin glazed tofu nicely). I slurped every last drop of the super-savory mushroom udon, and I don't even like mushrooms. Dessert was less thrilling: a lemon custard that had started to separate (topped by a perfect meringue, though) and a few bites of my friend's sweet but unexciting flourless chocolate thing and ice cream. And a really good cup of coffee. Can't wait to go back!Went for dinner on 3/3/12.  We had the Chef's tasting menu.  I am so glad to have done this as I did not know what to order.  We have 7 courses, all of which were amazing, flavorful, and the service was excellent.
A must for a serious dinner.I am originally from Peru and was looking forward to this restaurant in spite of the mixed reviews I had received.  Yes, the dishes offered had similar names to some traditional Peruvian dishes but had nothing to to with the original ones...and also  I found food to be extremely greasy.  More than fusion, this kind of food is described in the gourmet world as "deconstructed" : the same ingredients of the original dishes are used in a completely free and different way thus not achieving the same result.
No problem with Mr. Garces' interpretation but then maybe he should not make any reference to the well known quality of Peruvian food to attract clients.  
The decoration was ok, service could be improved.  I was disappointed.WOW. This place is freaking amazing. If you can come here with unlimited funds (or on a gift card, the way I did), your mind will be blown. Chifa's focus is a pretty interesting take on the Chinese culture that pervades sections of Peru. Thus, the food is a kind of hybrid between Asian and Latin flavors. 
My wife and I had reservations to come here for Valentine's Day. Upon checking in at the waitress station, we began the long journey to our table. The space is deceptively cavernous, included a downstairs area, where we were eventually seated.
Our waitress was super nice and very helpful. I started off with a crazy passion fruit, ginger, and hot chili drink. It was unbelievable. In ordering our food, we wanted to try the $45 tasting menu, but my wife doesn't eat any seafood. So we thought that it would be right out. But after explaining this to the waitress, she cheerily said that it would be no problem to do the tasting menu with only meat and vegetarian dishes, no seafood. So we went with it. 
Good news: the tasting menu is delicious and endless. Bad news: the tasting menu is delicious and endless. Apparently, it contains 9 or 10 dishes chosen by the chef. We both loved how adventurous it was not to know what was coming out of the kitchen, and all of the food was amazing. But by plate 6 or so, we were super full and ended up taking much of our food home.
NOTE: be sure to try to pork bao buns. They were the star of the show.
So we loved everything about Chifa, but be forewarned that: 1) it's a little pricey, and 2) the tasting menu is a ton of food. On the upside, you would look totally awesome warming up 6 different tapas in the work microwave for lunch the next day.Had a superb meal here over the 4th of July weekend. The restaurant was mostly empty, which worried us a bit at the beginning, but when the food started coming out, we were totally reassured. The food was fabulous! The little bites (eg, the pork buns) were very nice, and the lobster bowl and thai curry were superb. Probably the best lobster sauce I've had in years -- maybe ever.It's a Garces spot so its great and expensive right? Mostly. But the happy hour here is a well-kept secret that will keep you well-fed and your wallet fatter than if you come for dinner. They feature a specialty drink--often the delicious and spicy passion fruit  margarita, the Inego Montoya--and a beer or wine for $6. Plus they have a happy hour menu of apps which let you preview a dish for less. Granted portions are smaller but certain ones are more filling that others (the excellent bao buns, the chaufa AKA mango fried rice, eg). Ask for the special bread which is actually a manchego puff which comes with transcendent guava sauce and generally you can get a basket for free. If you go for dinner, bring your gold card, or an expense account if you can. Otherwise, suck it up and enjoy this sexy, tasty, romantic spot.Actually 2.5 
Having been to other garces restaurants this one just fell short for me. We were sat in the basement and there was a bright light like a spotlight on my face. Not romantic!! Duck tacos were delicious but shrimp noodle bowl was way too similar to velveeta shells and cheese so not what I was expecting! Ew. There are much better restaurants at this price point!!!Went for an excellent anniversary dinner--this seems like a great spot for a bit of an occasion.  The atmosphere was good, a bit on the noisy side (though not bad for a Friday night) and we were happy we had reservations.  Pork belly bao was good, the meat a little drier than we expected but the bun excellent.  Crab salad was excellent, nice flavor, beautiful presentation.  Peruvian ceviche was superb, served with a lovely side of cornnuts.  The highlight was a rack of lamb, with a chorizo and rice accompaniemtn; the lamb was superb, the chorizo a bit salty.  For dessert we shared a coconut cake that was also a bit salty--and comped when we mentioned it to the server.  So a big thumbs up for the service.  Drinks were also great.Only $14 for the express lunch! It includes your choice of salad or pho and then an entree. But I also got a glass of sangria, which made it about a $30 lunch for me. I went with the solterito salad, a great use of edamame with the plantain chips adding a bit of a crunch. The pork belly banh mi was very tasty, and the spicy mayo give it that extra punch. One of the better Vietnamese sandwiches I've had. It came with a little bowl of fries slightly immersed in some type of pesto sauce and then topped with a yummy cheese sauce. Also enjoyed the decor of the restaurant, and the service was great!My sister and I go to Philly often, and we make sure to stop here! 
This is the MUST EAT spot in Philadelphia. You get the best chicken (Chifa Chicken) in the world - trust me, I have done some heavy traveling. The people who work there are not so nice, but the food is just to die for. Try three to four different plates and share with your friends. We also LOVE their cocktails. Sangria is my favorite because it's refreshing and cheap! :)I've been such a stalker of Yelp. I lurked and studied, plotted and planned but never really got down to reviewing until this rainy day when I had nuthin but time to think back on so many of the great Philly restaurants I've meant to ramble about.
We went to Chifa for the first time just recently and I have to admit that reading so many mixed reviews I didn't have the highest of expectations. My excitement was guarded, ya know? Our experience was excellent.
I will note that we may have been spoiled by the fact that our reservation was for Oscar night. Meaning: Chifa was uncrowded, pretty quiet & the 2 of us were able to sit in one of the beautiful cushiony booths- such a beautiful restaurant! Accented with black laquered trellises, and that huge Chinese apothecary...really cool... 
Service was perfect. We opted for $45 chefs tasting menu- A great way to go. I'm sayin, the food is GREAT. The amount is GREAT. Be advised: you may fall into a food coma. It'll be well worth it. That cheesy pan de yuca (i think) that started everything off was so delicious served with spicy guava butter...then came 10 courses served at a steady pace-  Our favorites were the Peruvian Ceviche (wooo! leche de tigre!), the amazingly crispy-yet-fluffy-inside yucas fritas- I've eaten a lotta yucca in my day, but that's some special yucca, friends... Dug on them pork bao buns, thai sausage, LOMO SALTADO...ooh I loved that lomo saltado! Maybe that was my favorite? Look, I'm pretty much just listing every dish here. There were no misses. It was all magnificent. I don't know if we were super lucky or what, but I can say that in all honesty.Chifa Restaurant décor was modern. They had long tables in the center along the sides were booths.  The booths had cushions with fluffy pillows. The colors consisted mostly of reds and blues. One of the walls next to the kitchen had tiles with locks on it. 
The food is tapas style. I personally found the portions small for sharing.  We received complementary bread which was the best part of our meal. In Colombia they refer to this soft cheesy bread as Pan de bono. The yucca fries were awesome.   I ordered cod fish which was the fish of the day. The cod fish was  a bite size piece of fish. It was rubbery, bland and tasteless; I think a piece of lettuce would have more flavor.
I loved the restaurant experience, but the food did not wow me.  Unfortunately, I left feeling hungry. The baby bite size portions were not enough for me.  If you're on a diet this place would be perfect.  I found the appetizers to be delightful, and enjoyed the pisco sour drinks.  I am glad I came here but don't plan to be a repeat customer.Every time I go here I am pleased and impressed.  They have extremely novel dishes all of which delight the palate.  Service is always great.  I usually get a chefs tasting menu.  The staff is thoughtful enough to ask about what you had before that you liked and disliked to tailor the menu for you when you return.  They also do a great job for restaurant week.  This has become one of my favorites of phila.I'm a huge Jose Garces Fan and love his other restaurants.  Chifa however is mediocre at best.  The chef dramatically oversalts everything.  I've been there three times with different groups of people, and every time, someone complained that their dish was the saltiest thing they've ever tasted.  The last time I went I asked for the dish to be made with almost no salt and it still came out too salty, but was a lot more reasonable.Chifa was my first stop for restaurant week. I was excited for my first stop at a Jose Garces restaurant, as the man has quickly become Steven Starr's main competitor over the last few years. Restaurant week is when over a hundred restaurants over the city offer a three course, prix fix meal for $35. However, portions and quality vary greatly.
I met with my friend Bryana and we were seated quickly, right on time for our reservations. The atmosphere is weird here. Low lights, modern/trendy decorations, terrible but trying to be
cool and in the background music. Overall, it just wasn't my thing. This doesn't make a huge difference though. Our server was excellent. Attentive and friendly, she made the dining experience better.
The menu is Peruvian/Asian fusion food, which sounded random until our server explained. You should ask during your visit. The menu
 is set up for sharing, and between the two of us we ordered four different first courses, four seconds, and two desserts. I also opted for the wine pairing which offered a glass of red and white wine. While not amazing, they were modestly prices and matched well with a majority of the food. I also opted for the wine because the beer list was average and overpriced: Flying Fish, Dogfish Head, PBC, ect for $6 or $7.
Dishes are brought out in the order they are prepared, which was a bit faster than I wanted to eat them. We started of with civiche, which was deliciously well prepared. Our pork belly bun came out next, which is a star of the menu. The meat was delicious, but I thought the bun was bland and in poor ratio to the rest of the dish. Despite my complaint, Bryana declared it her favorite dish. We had spring rolls next, which were my favorite. They were flaky and perfectly seasoned. The BBQ ribs were the last of the first courses. It was good, but if you want ribs, go to a place that does ribs, because I wasn't impressed. The meat wasn't memorably tender, and the sauce was average.
Pho started our second course. This dish was poorly made. The spiciness from the jalapenos
 overpowered any other taste it might have had. Further it was made from noodles only a few inches long, making it almost impossible to eat with a fork or the provided chop sticks. We were served mussels next, which were great. The sauce was thick and flavorful, the best mussels I've had outside a Belgian joint. Another fantastic dish came out next, seasoned rice mixed with scallops. Chifa did the best job with the seafood dishes. Our last dish before dessert were mushrooms, and they come out in a dish that looked like a pot pie. The crust was unnecessary, but the mushrooms were cooked in a great sauce and were excellent wild mushrooms.
We had hit and miss dishes for both courses. We sampled both desserts from the menu. The first was coconut and passionfruit sorbet dish. This was nice and tangy, but not the way I love to end my meal. I was much more into the other dessert, chocolate ganache with hazelnut brittle.
Bottom Line: With the offerings of a lot of different dishes, the portions are small, but the meal ends up being adequate. Our server told me that the restaurant week menu was a good representation of the regular menu. The whole night was good, but hit or miss. I would have been disappointed if I paid full price, and I honestly can't see myself going back again. If you do have a strong urge to try this place out, opt for the small $18 lunch special. It's almost exactly half of the restaurant week dinner offering. Chifa cooks up interesting fusion dishes, but doesn't quite hit the nail on the head.AMAZING. haha 
Had gone there for restaurant week and the food was simply delicious. Can't recall all the items they had on the menu. But the pork belly buns were great. Got drinks with the meal and no complaints about anything. Def worth the money and will remmeber the meal for a long time.
Great service, amazing food. Lovely atmosphere. Def recommend for a nice dinner with friends, a date, family whatever the occasion is.***This is a thursday night happy hour review only. I plan to come back for dinner and will update this review.
5 of us girls came for happy hour special last night. They have a deal where if you order 4 buns and 4 beers it would be $25. 
I was earlier than others and arrived before 6pm. It was pretty empty and we can only sit at the bar for happy hour. That was sort of a bummer because I could only talk to the two girls on either side of me while I ate. But it was OK later, since it was not crowded, a couple of us just stood and formed a circle to chit chat.
The bartender lady was super sweet and nice. She let us taste 2 beers off the menu before ordering. I recommend the Allagash beer. It is a wheat beer that is light and tangy. I normally drink blue moon so this is very refreshing and familiar. 
My sweet friend asked if any of the buns go with any of the beers in particular. The overall answer is no. They all taste good together.
I had the pork belly bun and also duck bun. They are sliders side and 1 bun means 1 bun.
I loved the pork belly bun. Mine had a thick slice of belly fat and enough meat to go with it. The sauce was a little sweet and salty. It is definitely Chinese influenced if not all. The bun is the typcial steamed bun you get when eating peking duck. So with the fat, it was not greasy but fills your tummy up.
The duck bun was good too but I prefer the pork belly bun. It had a surprisingly spicy sauce. I think the meat was not chewy, it was alright.
As we were leaving, there were more diners and everyone looked happy. The decor is very special. Dark and elaborately decorated booths. Romantic. The menu price didn't look too steep either.
Stay tuned for the dinner review!I'm sure the cuisine here is very good, but I never had a chance to try it.  We ended up walking out before we ordered. 
I had reservations for 7pm on a Thursday night.  Got to the restaurant and really liked the decor. Tables lined up on the right divided up by curtains to make it a little more intimate.  I was looking forward to eating at one of those tables.  Instead, the hostess to us to two table just past the bar on the left before the larger room in the back.  This seating area was a large horseshoe bench that had two tables in it.  The hostess sat us at one of them, even though we (1) had reservations and (2) the place was barely half full.  We were a party of 3, so sitting at this table was awkward b/c at least 1 party was further away from the conversation.  There was no ambience, compared to the rest of the place, and very little lighting.  We complained and asked to sit in the back room which was much nicer and only had 3 tables occupied.  The hostess agreed to move us and proceeded to take us to the last booth on the left, tucked back to the side of the kitchen.  This would not be a big deal except for the fact that there were a good 6 other tables open, not including the large group table in the room that was also open, and that's where they put us. My guests were furious!  It was one thing to give us a crappy table at the beginning and move us after we requested it, but to then give us another crappy table when the restaurant is only 25% full was icing on the cake. We ask to move again and the manager comes over and asks what the problem is.  We explained and his response was that the other booths were set up for parties of 6 that had reservations and we were only a party of 3; however, several of those booths were set for parties of 4. My guests even mentioned they were visiting from NYC and still, the owner didn't budge. We decided that if we were going to be treated like that, we didn't want to eat there. When the manager wouldn't accomodate us, he was shocked when we said thanks, but no thanks, and left. Not a way to treat customers, especially when we had a reservation and the place was practically empty.  Just b/c it's a trendy place does not mean that you can treat customers like that. 
I've never had a problem with any other of Jose Garces' restaurants, they are fabulous, but you can bet that I won't be going to this one again.I'm just gonna go ahead and say that, if you want haute cuisine in Philadelphia and it's more about the food than the experience (ahem, Mr. Starr), then go to a Garces restaurant. Final Word. 
I agree with Monica, in that ordering is certainly an art form, but I'd say it's like an elephant painting with a brush -- the ingredients are so neat and the chef so talented that no matter what comes out of the kitchen, you're going to ooh and aah over it. Plus, this establishment of his, more so than Amada or Tinto (where I still dream about that pork cheek), has a fusion of flavors that is supercool. And I don't like to prefix things with super, especially sans hyphenation. 
And final thing: I ordered it from diningin.com, and it was still goood when it came, though the yucca fries -- my thighs' worst enemy next to any almond croissant -- were cold. I'd try em again, in situ, though. If they're your jam, try the Cantina and not Cuba Libra.Great interiors, great service, a well-thought-out menu that makes use of its fusion-food status.  Seasoning was fine, but when it comes down to purely taste, nothing here really stood out.  Since dinner cost $250 (for three people), I'm quite disappointed.
This is a restaurant to impress someone with.  A chef wouldn't eat here, but Patrick Bateman most certainly would.
So, I did the $55 tasting menu for all three of us.  I'll try to review the more memorable ones:
Whitefish Seviche:  A quite nice starter.  The balance in seasoning was dead on, and the texture was agreeable.  This was one of the stronger dishes in the roster.  I will say, however that the flavor here was far from assertive.  I know, I know, it's a seviche, but still, for the cost I felt like something new needed to be done here.
Oyster Shots:  these were just kind of 'meh.'  The oyster was completely lost in the sweet-pepper + whatever puree surrounding it, and the puree was nothing special.  I thought oysters were one of those ingredients you just wanted simple and fresh with minor accents, not swimming in a blender-sauce.
Pork Buns:  These were tasty, but knowing I could enjoy the same quality or better for a lot less in China town makes them less enjoyable for me personally.
Vegetable stir fry:  As someone who cooks a lot, this was the most disappointing dish served.  At a restaurant like this charging me what they are, they stirfried some vegetables in a wok with a little soy sauce and rice and called it a day?  Really?  There weren't even any exotic vegetables.  Oh yeah, and said vegetables didn't even have any sear-marks, which indicates that the preparation was rushed or tossed too much.
Grilled(?) Lamb:  Delicious, perfectly cooked.  Nothing fancy with the sauce or seasoning, though.
Grilled Octopus Salad:  Basically a few small morsels of perfectly cooked and seasoned octopus with a spicy (perfectly balanced I should say) aoili on the side, and some arugula + spring mix.  This was just perfect.  I highly recommend this dish.  The octopus had that nice sear on the outside, and tenderness on the inside - something that is easy to mess up.  If I had to come back here, I'd probably just order this every time.
Desert Sampler:  I'm not big on deserts, but the deserts offered were quite different from typical fair.  Since I couldn't really identify what each was exactly, I'll just say that they were one of the high points of the meal and that they were satisfactory.Beautiful decor, DELICIOUS food, and friendly and knowledgeable wait staff! A bit pricey, but definitely worth the splurge for a special occasion or a date night!Just heard they were closing Chifa.  We dined here a few weeks ago, it was our 4th or 5th visit.  It was not as good as past visits, and unfortunately this review isn't really going to help anyone unless you make it before they close!
The ceviche we had was in a bowl.   It was so drowned in a gazpachio-like sauce that you might as well have called it soup.  The fish's wonderful natural flavor was drowned.  The specialty drinks were nice.  I will miss them.   The red curry was good, but not distinctive enough I guess to put Garces' name on it.
The service was excellent, but the restaurant was 1/3 full at best on a Thursday.  
Not surprising that they are closing.I just went here for lunch during Restaurant Week and really enjoyed the experience. The ceviche (both options) were very tasty, and I liked the red curry, although it wasn't the best I've had. Everything had a nice spice to it; not too overwhelming. Both dessert options were great too. My boyfriend really loved the pork sandwich as well. The inside is decorated beautifully. They have a nice selection of local beers as well as bottles of Peruvian beer. I highly suggest the lima bean fizz -- one of the best drinks I've ever had!Beautiful place!  Yummy Sangria!  I expected the food to be as amazing as Amada and Tinto but unfortunately I did not love it!If I could describe Chifa in 2 words it'd be "Good Value".  Not the most ringing endorsement, but I enjoyed my visit nonetheless.  Nice decor, fast and friendly service, but compared to some of the other Garces restaraunts, none of the food left me saying wow.
Regardless, I was well fed and had a few drinks and it was around $60.  To me, that's good value.I can't believe that after 2 1/2 years in Philly I have not written a review for Chifa.  And now that I've left Philly to go back to sunny California, I finally have time to sit down and write the 5-star review that Chifa truly deserves.
I have had dinner at Chifa multiple times.  Every single time, the food is beautiful, inventive, unique, and delicious, and the service is extraordinary--fast, friendly, knowledgeable.  The dishes that truly stick out in my head are the cheese bread that comes with every meal compliments of the chef (TO DIE FOR), the ceviches, the famous pork belly bao buns, the chaufa, and the lychee sorbet is a personal favorite of mine (I'm a rice lover).  
My last night farewell Philly dinner was (of course) at Chifa, but for the first time we tried happy hour during which every dim sum dish is only $3!  Therefore, naturally, we got one of everything and two of the pork belly bao buns.  As usual, everything was unique, beautiful, and so flavorful.  The bartender was so friendly and gave us the wonderful cheese breads on the house even though we weren't having dinner there, and we ended with the lychee sorbet per usual.
Overall, Chifa is an amazing dining experience and is decidedly my favorite restaurant in Philly.  Definitely one of the things about Philly that I will miss the most!Chifa was pretty excellent! Tapas style dishes that are not as pricey as I expected them to be. I asked the bartender for some recommendations on what to get and she was right on. The yuca fries and the pork belly buns were so tasty (and not too expensive either)!! i also got a beef noodle soup, but i wasn't really a fan of that so much. We also accidentally were served crab empanadas (which were really great). Portions are small since its tapas, but this is a great place to share dishes if you would like to try a lot of different things. The only downside to this restaurant is that all of their wine is very expensive. Most of their bottles start at $48 (i think that there may have been one for $42) and their wine by the glass is $10.Wow this place is great. I used yelp reviews for ordering and was not disappointed. I want to shot from the rooftops how great it is! Please don't be nervous about the combo, its just amazing!
Sounds weird, Cantonese and Peruvian? Because it was Garces I just went with the flow and do not regret it. Just trust it. The waiter did a great job explaining the style of the restaurant and how we should proceed through the meal. It was perfect. I was torn about the ambiance it was kinda cool/unique, but also a bit loud and we were seated in a bit of a corner without much style.
Seriously unique food and just well prepared. They weren't serving the yucca fries (disappointing) because they just weren't good that night, which I totally appreciate. Presentation was also great.
I ate:
marinated olives - good, basic
pork belly boa bunds - great flavor and texture
duck tacos - AMAZING, wish there were more.
chifa mussels - not interesting, I barely remember them
red curry - good flavor combination but not totally unique
pulpo (octopus) - interesting and good flavor
spicy cantonese eggplant - not totally unique or spicy
Chinese 5 spice smoked pork - super tender and great sauces
Nikkei ceviche - basically a sushi cut
suspiro - such a wonderful flavor and texture combination, didn't need more to eat but so glad I got this.I came here twice in a week. The first time was great. Came with a group of friends and we basically filled up on the super delicious cheesy rollys they bring in the beginning with sriracha sauce. We ordered the lobster noodle dish, goat curry, yucca fries (delicious, not oily at all), scallion pancakes and maybe a few other things. Everything was delicious - great experience. Later in the week on Sunday, I brought my husband here because I thought it was so good and we couldn't get in to Vetri to celebrate his promotion. I had made a reservation, so I wasn't too happy off the bat about being seated right across from the door/entrance. We ordered the tuna "ceviche" which seemed more sashimi style, wagyu beef, pork belly, fried banana for dessert which was yum. Everything was fine except that our food was taking a while, but the worst part was that we ordered the chinese broccoli (a side dish) and we were almost done with our entree...or consciously trying to eat it very slowly (small portions). When we ask our waitress about the broccoli, she *actually* tried to argue that "because they fire everything to order" that explains why the broccoli couldn't come out with the entree. If someone in the food business could explain that one to me, I'd love to better understand this concept of not being able to time the order of your dishes. Honestly, does it really make sense to have that dish come last after everything else?  I would have given it 4 stars - but minus 1 for this absurd reasoning and attitude by the waitress. Save the bullsh*t for composting. The customer is always right.Service was great. The waitress was extremely helpful with explaining the menu and helping us choose our dinners. The food was good but the portions were small for the price, which is typical of tapas style. The rolls with the guava butter that they bring pre meal were amazing. The pork belly buns were so delicious that our party actually ordered two more orders!! The red curry was fab, but was too rich for me. The Peruvian ceviche with a side of crunchy corn thingies and crispy plantains was simply amazing!!!! Clean, citrusy, refreshing, just like good ceviche should be!! All in all, a great experience!!!My fiance and I came here for my birthday dinner, and we had a great experience!
Upon entering, you immediately get a sense of classiness. This place is very nicely designed/decorated. We were led downstairs to what seemed to be a more intimate/private dining area, and were seated in a room in the back. 
Chifa is a tapas/small plate restaurant (what restaurant in Philly isn't these days?), so we decided to go with 2 plates each plus one to share between the two of us. Oh yeah, any vegetarians out there, make sure to ask for their vegetarian menu!
Chifa serves a fusion of Chinese and Peruvian style dishes, which is about as crazy as it gets! I went with an order of the duck tacos and the chicken wings (although after the fact, I realized I really only wanted 1 poultry dish, but oh well). My fiance had some kind of vegetarian ceviche, and a tofu tempura dish, and we shared an order of the yuca fries.
Before we got our food, we were served THE CHEESE ROLLS...I know a lot of people have already commented about these, so all I"m gonna say is this: best dish of the night! Lol seriously, next to the yuca fries, these were the best things we had all night! They came out all warm, with cheese oozing out, and this killer hot sauce to add (if you dare)! As I already mentioned, the yuca fries were equally delicious, meanwhile I though the duck tacos were very good (filled with juicy, flavorful duck meat), while the chicken wings were OK. They weren't really what I was hoping for, kind of dry and not really as spicy as they claimed it would be...probably my own fault for ordering wings at a place like this lol. I can't really comment very much on my fiance's dish, however I can say these were some of the larger "small" plates I've encountered at a tapas place.
For dessert, I ordered a cappuccino, which was very good, and split the coconut panna cotta. I had my reservations about this item, but to my surprise it was very good, and it was also a very light option which we definitely needed after this filling meal!
A few of my cons, which if they did not occur would have bumped Chifa up to 5 stars:
- They ran out of the beer on tap I wanted, but the server recommended a bottled beer which she claimed came close to the same taste. It didn't, and I was not very happy with my drink
- I understand that the concept here is that dishes come out as they are prepared, but there was way to long of a wait between dishes. Our yuca fries came first, but then another dish did not show up for at least 20-25 minutes...
- Some of the dishes were great, but were sort of lacking. My wings were not as good as I hoped, however I discovered much of the flavor for these was sitting in a pool of some kind of oil under the wings, and I guess I was supposed to spread this myself. I know presentation matters, but when it affects the taste of the food, I don't think its really as important...
-The tables are a little to close to each other. What began is a more intimate, private meal, turned into a sort of awkward meal as we could hear our neighbor's conversations and I'm sure they could hear oursLet me just start by saying I love YOU Iron Chef Garces!!!  I am such a fan of all your restaurants and I am the happiest girl whenever I go to your restaurants.
I always hated tapas style and I just think it's the dumbest thing- but I must say I def didnt' mind that at ALL at Chifa. 
I don't really drink cocktail and stuff- so I got an unsweetened ice tea-  It was a pomegranate infused unsweetened tea- refreshing and awesomeness.  Then we had the Bread- holy molly- we crunched that in 30 seconds. 
Let's review some of the items I have had the pleasure eating:
Duck Taco- my fav of the night- it is def amazing and when you bit down onto the taco- there is this wonderful sauce squirt into your mouth.  It's hot, but dang it's delicious!
Kobe Tartare- fresh, flavorful, and just absolutely amazing.  
Ceviche- OOOOOH Yumm! So fresh, so light, and it's a party in my mouth!!!
5 spiced smoke pork- let me just tell you- this is NOT a Tapa size item- it came out at the very end and seriously we had to stuff our face to finish it. But it was so good that we don't mind stuffing our faces! It was so tender, the smoked pork was just something out of this world- I have never had better smoked pork elsewhere.
Just sayin- 
I love this place and I am SO happy that my fiancee took me there on our 5 yrs anniversary.
Everything taste better when you are a happy personDisappointed :/ 
I LOVED Amada, so I figured hey let's give Chifa a shot. I decided to go during happy hour since we weren't too hungry.
$3 dim sum apps for HH sounded like a great idea. Duck taco, pork bun and wonton were ordered. All good, but extremely tiny.. even for $3 it seemed just too small. Duck taco was probably the best, and the pork bun being the most standard. Is it because I'm Asian?IDK
The drink I had.. I can't remember it was a few weeks ago, but was served with a chile pepper on top, was great. This drink was definitely a 4 star. Delicious, and I would order it again.
Everything else.. was subpar at most :/ I may give it another shot in a few months... maybe RW.As a Garces restaurant, Chifa's food was expected to be the highest quality. It definitely was. The dish selection was strong, varied, and had an excellent blend of East Asian and South American food. The steamed pork buns were phenomenal, and all of the meat was melt-in-your-mouth tender. I was not please with the layout of the space. Because of the building, the space is very narrow, and seating is tight. However, there is a back room where a large group can sit, and there are booths that surround that area. Overall, Chifa had incredible food, but could have a better dining experience.I went to Chifa on my visit to philly, with my aunt & uncle! It was so good! Prior to the meal my aunt was raving about the free bread & guava jelly. We had the tasting menu I'm pretty sure the $65 a person one. The courses seemed endless since everything was tapas size. We opted for a half pescaterian and regular tasting menu, since it was Friday during lent and I had to abstain from meat.  I have no idea what dishes I got but to name a few
Salad with beef
Salad with edamame, string beans & cheese 
Raw tuna in a cream sauce 
a shot of oysters in a tomato sauce 
tofu burgers with oyster sauce 
scallops 
fried rice
curry
banana bread with ice cream and a creamy sauce
All of them were so good, but the best part of the meal for me was the curry & the tofu burgers, they were so yummy! I & my aunt had trouble figuring out how to take the oyster down. There was also some chicken & octopus included, but I didn't try it since I was so full! I definitely exceed my daily calorie intake in this one meal, but it was well worth it! I also tried their pisco sour & had a glass or two of their sangria. The atmosphere was nice, it was like lounge. It reminded me of TAO in Vegas. The servers were prompt & good looking! Kind of pricey but try it once since I'm from San Francisco and this is the first time I've herd of a Peruvian/Chinese style restaurant. It's one of kind, and after this visit I'm a fan!I love when evenings like this come together - a meal out with a friend that becomes a sample fest of different plates of awesomeness.   the ceviche is quite fantastic, and the portions are generous.  the tastes inspired conversation and a little fighting over the remaining morsels.  the empanadas and jaleo were good, but overshadowed by the 3 plates of ceviche that came out prior.
the service was decent, but overwhelmed.  probably saved me from getting hammered though, so that's an OK thing on a school night.
and the vibe - pretty damn styling - and the loungey downstairs just adds another layer of coolness to an already cool spot.
one of my favorite meals in Philly and I haven't even tried their entrees yet.I LOVE Jose Garces restaurants but Chifa was a disappointment. It was hard to get a reservation for 8 ppl on a Saturday night but we got one set up at Chifa at 8:30. So everyone started dinner late and we were all hungry. 
The sangria I ordered at the bar was great. A very mild spicy tint to the sweet flavor. I will come back for the sangria one day. Here's what my side of the table ordered : 
-Pork Belly Bao Buns - 2 per order. This was my favorite of the night. The buns were not too thick. The pork belly was however, not covered with fat like how you can find at some other places. 
-Braised Beef Short Rib and Taro Puff - 4 per order. Very unique! Sticky chili sauce on the bottom balanced nicely with the dense starchy taro. 
-Duck Taco - 2 per order. Whatever the sauce was on top (maybe the kimchi) , I thought it was overpowering the succulent tender abundant amount of duck. Tortillas were super soft and did not taste cheap. 2 of my friends liked this the most.
-Red Curry - My 2nd favorite dish of the night. The curry sauce itself didn't taste thaaat different from any other Thai restaurants but there was LOTS of fresh crab, eggplants and other stuff in there. Even though we were sharing this place, I was able to get bite of every ingredient in every spoon. 
-Lomo Salodo - The potatoes were surprisingly great! There was lot of beef in it too but this dish didn't WOW me. 
I may be biased right now because I don't like Asian fusion food. I do think Chifa was one of the better places in this category but...I wasn't crazy about this place (like I said, prob b/c I don't like fusion food). I'd say it's one of those places I will go if someone suggests Chifa, but I would ask again, what about this other place? 
oh one more thing, our waitress spoke so softly to the table of 8. I couldn't hear anything she was saying. But the decor was soooo pretty :)Each tapas has 15+ flavors all acting together to leave you continually craving more.  Presentation is beautiful and quality of meats and fishes are top notch.  Highly  suggested for restaurant week.  The curry with tofu, crab, and eggplant is the best I have ever had!Peruvian/Cantonese fusion?!  I had to try it.
My fat ass had ($55 tasting menu):
-shrimp vietnames spring rolls
-duck tacos
-crab empanadas
-cocunut mussels
-stir-fried scallops
-rock octopus
-oyster ceviche
-fluke ceviche
-solterito salad
-chifa chicken
-chocolate cake
-coconut pudding
Holy Awesome.
The only thing I didn't love was that there is lower-level seating area with no music.  The decor isn't as dope and the vibe isn't as dope as the other seating area.
I'd hit it again.A good scene for a group: long sleek tables complete with a lazy-susan for tapas sharing, midst dimly lit latticed booths that serve as hiding spots for local celebrities.  We saw the director of The Sixth Sense and Philly's ABC News anchor (correct, I know neither of their names. A tablemate pointed them out to me). 
Unfortunately, food-wise, the only good value was the Sangria (and even that statement is a stretch).  These tapas really are 2-bites.  And somehow, despite dropping $80, I still left unsatisfied.   If you want a good meal, you may be better off grabbing one drink and dining elsewhere - but if you are a light eater, enjoy.This place was fantastic! There were some things that were better than others, but nothing was really bad (except I'm not partial to kale but tried it anyway and wasn't very pleased but that's not to say others wouldn't like it, because they like kale). We ordered a bunch of different items off the menu for 3 of us to try. My favorite was the lobster bowl, and the little rolls they brought out at the beginning (we didn't order these, it's like the standard bread that restaurants bring out, but these rolls were different although not sure what they were made of and came with an addictive spread). The lobster bowl had a good spice kick to it at the end, and was a creamy noodle concoction with lobster pieces and other ingredients (it's been a week almost so I don't remember exactly what was in it). Chifa also has some interesting cocktail beverages. The service was fantastic as well. We went on a Wednesday night and because it's so good, it wasn't as busy as I excepted but it's a very large space. The outside is deceiving, as the inside is long and very big. 
I will recommend Chifa to anyone going to Philly!Pretentious fusion machine Garces. I was so happy when I heard this place closed down years ago. The food was average tasting. As a Peruvian, I was insulted at this monstrosity.My only venture into Peruvian Cusine that I can remember was a Lomo Saltado lunch special deep in the heart of Port Chester, NY years ago when I worked in Greenwich....where cumbia reigns supreme and soccer is the town sport.  So the more I hear about Garces and his restaurant the more I became curious as to what level I was about to take my South Philly/North Bronx red sauce palate.
And just to set the tone, part of what makes restaurant week so interesting (sarcasm) to me at least, are the people you have sitting close to your table.  In our case it was a mix of a bad eharmony commercial to the left that seemed like the end of the world was upon them and some out of town bohemian couples joking about running shoes, wireless apps and throwing the word fabulous in every once in a while.  As always, being as cool as we are we managed to zone them out and enjoy a nice evening. 
And now on to the multi mini course extravaganza!  We started with the Ecuadorian Ceviche which was a pleasent arrangement of shrimp in some very delicous garnish and then moved on to sample of the pork belly minis that proved to actually melt in your mouth not to mention these scallion panckes which were amazing as well..After a detour into the shrimp bowl with a cream sauce and fettucine..we went with Mussels served with a very "tangy" (note my restaurant experienced choice of wording here) cream base served with bread which was also delicious.  The only course which left something to be desired was dessert.  It was very hard to navigate being that this mocha infused mix of ice..a dab of pudding (again, probably lacking proper terminology) and ice cream was a reach in my opinion. But then again...what the hell do I know! lol  Overall a great place to experience Garces and his creativity as well as an opportunity to sample what is worth going back for.I have only been to Chifa during Restaurant Week, and like the rest of Garces' restaurants, it is one of the best deals in the city. For the first two courses, everyone at the table gets to order two plates - I recommend bringing as many friends as you can find, because it is absolutely worth sampling everything on the menu. I'm not as tempted to return for the full menu, but I will definitely be returning next Restaurant Week!
The low point of the evening was the service. I'm willing to cut them some slack, because the craziness of RW can tax even the most well-run restaurant. We ended up being seated outside, since there would have been a wait for a table inside - which I completely understand, since we were late for our reservation. It did feel as though we got a little forgotten, though, and I wish their outdoor heaters had been set a little warmer! I got to walk through the inside and got the impression that it is a little crowded and feels very busy - it is beautifully decorated and feels like a fun place. It would probably be a great place to bring a big group of friends for a late-night dinner and lots of drinks.
The food was solid, with some really amazing highlights. I'm pretty sure every review before mine has mentioned the pork belly bao buns. They were INCREDIBLE. Absolutely amazing. I still develop cravings for them out of the blue. It would be worth stopping in just to try these. The pho was also very good, although given the tapas theme, much harder to share. The chicken wings were "just OK," especially compared to the rest of the food. For the second course, the chaufa (stir-friend rice) and red curry were both phenomenal. The one thing I didn't love was the humita (a corn tamale), the flavor combination and textures just really didn't work for me. Everyone enjoyed their desserts, although neither (coconut panna cotta and a chocolate dessert) was particularly memorable. I wish we could have had seconds of some of our favorite entrees rather than the desserts! 
The overall atmosphere and flavors of Chifa were a nice departure from the more traditional Spanish flavors of Tinto and Amada. The value and great atmosphere met my expectations for a Garces restaurant, but I had the chance to enjoy some really new and great flavors. The regular prices are a little high, but as a choice for Restaurant Week, it's a phenomenal value.The service, the food, and the drinks were all amazing.  Every dish they brought out was better than the last. Make sure you ask your server for suggestions.We went here a few weeks back with Jen R. and left totally disappointed and a little annoyed that we paid $65 each to not love it. I won't go into the full list of what we got (especially since Jen did a great job with that). 
Here are the highlights that saved this meal: 
- the cheese bread rolls that were served at the beginning of the meal. 
- the pork belly buns. Ridiculously good. 
- the Chifa chicken which was quite tender and even great the next day 
My recommendation is to go to Chifa and just sit at the bar; Order beer and pork belly buns and leave happy.Not bad. Had the Chifa with Scallops, Chaufa with Musells, BBQ Ribs, and Beef Lomo (lomo something). The winning dish was the beef lomo. It had fingerling potatos, and the beef was shredded and marinaded in a delicious sauce. The little biscuits that they start you off with are awesome. They should really make some kind of dish out of it. It may have been the best tasting item we had that night. Overall, the food had a definite Asian vibe to it instead of the Spanish Tapas style I was expecting.
Service was mixed. The waiter sounded like he had a cold, and when he came the first time and we said it would be a few more minutes, it took literally 15 minutes for him to show up again. I hate it when waiters do this. He did stop by once to refill my water, but there was no ice in it.
The interior was very classy, with these curtain partitions.
$57 + tip for two people. 
Food Quality/Taste = 4 Stars
Portion Size Given Price = 3 Stars
Price = 3 Stars
Service = 3 Stars
Experience with Staff = 3 Stars
Decor = 4 StarOh, this is a conflicted 4 star review - and brace yourself - it may be a long one.  My husband and a close (vegetarian) friend of ours finally took the plunge and went to Chifa for dinner on Halloween night.
Decor is 5 star - and gorgeous.  Everything from the restroom to the blue & white tiles on the walls, and tons of flickering votive candles at night.
I do have to say that the service was EXCELLENT - from the hostess and our server, Melissa, right down to the ceviche chef.  Everyone was friendly and accomodating to our various requests and questions.
From reading these reviews, I am sure by now you know that Chifa serves small plates (perfect for sharing) and that some are smaller than others.  You may also have read about the hot, cheesey bread balls served with a spicy guava butter.  They are, indeed, AWESOME and I scarfed down 2 of them without even realizing it.
We started our meal with a round of delicious - if overpriced ($12 a pop) - cocktails.  The guys had glorified Shandies - Ginger liqueur, fresh lime juice and beer.  I had a virgin Pineapple Ginger concoction that was made w/ REAL, fresh golden pineapple.  It was so tasty & refreshing.
Then came the famous buns.  The BBQ tofu bun (we subbed tofu for pork belly) was so terrific - possibly the best bite of the night.  The tofu was crisp and blissfully glazed in a hoisin BBQ sauce.  A dash of spicy mayo on the white steamed bun.  Yum.  The Pork belly was (likely sous-vided - they have gone sous-vide CRAZY here.) very fatty - but hey - it's pork BELLY.  Belly as alot of fat, right?  Well, I preferred the tofu.
Anyhow - we progress onward - out came the egg mcmuffins - no really, I can't remember the name, but they were corn arepas topped with Oxtail, a PERFETLY done egg (a bit runny but not slimy), crisp bacon and (here's where Chifa loses major points) tons of gloppy peppery sauce.  Thankfully, and thanks to YELP, I knew to order my food with "sauce on the side" or "Light on the sauce" - and this was my mantra for the evening.
My veggie friend had the Chinese Broccoli, and as others have said, it was way too oily.  Literally swimming in a sesame oil sauce.    He also had a vegetarian version of the Chaufa rice.  I tasted a bite and it was complex and delicious - if a little heavy on the (surprise) salt.
Yes, folks, it's true.  Chifa has potential to be a real, true 5 star joint, but they are too heavy handed with the salt, oily, sauces and seasonings.  The ingredients they use are top-quality and need to be able to "sing" for themselves.  I am not saying to under season them, just please don't OVER season them.
Next came the (much, much anticipated) Lobster noodles.  I knew to ask for this "light on the sauce" and it was still swimming in a rich, creamy, slightly red-peppery sauce.  Succulent and buttery-sweet hunks of lobster and fresh, green peas.  The noodles were perfectly cooked.  I would totally order this again (and the tofu buns, man they rocked).  But next time I'd go even LIGHTER on the sauce - I can't imagine how over-sauced it would have been had I not asked for light sauce.  
Ok.  Whatever.  You get the point.
Anyhow - we're not done (Oh, and by now I CANCELLED our order of $38 wagyu steak - as I knew I'd be too full to eat it.) - Out came the curried goat (get it  for one - it's more than enough).  This is a unique dish - and not my fave - but hubby liked it.  Served with freshly sliced bananas and more of those light fluffy buns along side.  Plus a weird crispy lentil cake.
And next came the (yes, they are greasy) scallion pancakes.  Not the best I've ever had - but the cauliflower sauce (yes, really) was super tasty.
Oh - and Chifa is really weird about "coursing out" the meals - the served us a single bowl of broccolli after the buns and before anything else.  If we return, I will try to tell them what we want first (Like, the Waygu!!!)
By now we are all pretty stuffed, but we just had to have some Chai tea and Banana-Pumpkin funnel cake (too greasy for me - but somehow, I ate it!  Ha!).  The banana ice cream quenelle along side it was home made and PERFECT.   The odd honey-anise tuile?  Not so hot.  Thankfully, once again, I asked for the strange spicy peanut sauce ON THE SIDE.
Garces must be commended for his creative menu, but I fear there is just a little TOO MUCH going on in each dish.  Too much salt, too much sauce, too much fat, etc.
Also they sure are getting full usage out of their brand new sous-vide machine.  Nearly all the meats are sous-vided (and yes, they are tender to a fault) - but what about some good ole pan-searing?
OK, I am a spoiled, jaded, ex-Manhattan brat - but I really did enjoy our 2.5 hour meal here and WOULD return - especially now that I know what to get and what NOT to get.
Chifa, you are sooooo close to 5 star - but some of the dishes were really 2-3 star.  (Brocolli, Scallion pancakes, Desserts need work.)
We'll drop in for buns 'n beerAmbiance: 4 stars
Food: 2.5 stars
Loved the decorations and ambiance, too bad the food sucked
The only 2 things I liked was the pork belly buns and the Inigo Montoya cocktail (a very nice spicy kick)
Everything else I tried was below mediocre: 
Short rib and taro puff, Duck Taco,Chaufa: all were very saltyPlace was very good....good food and drinks....I love Chifa!!! I decided to check this place out for restaurant week and I love it! Tapas style Peruvian/Chinese menu! I have nothing bad to say about this place besides it being a bit pricey! Great people, service, and atmosphere! The duck taco is the bomb and the pork belly bao buns!!! 
Def a great place to check out!Awesome food, great service with a superb bartender!!!  One of the best places to dine in Philly... Must try!Ohh Chifa, I love you.
This is one of the few places I have found to always be consistent. What keeps me coming back? A few things. 
The first would be the bread as simple as that sounds. It's delicious and the spicy guava butter that comes along with it is heavenly. If you're a ceviche fan then the Ecuadorian is the way to go. It is the perfect mix, the spicy tomato, the jalapeno, the avacado just compliment each other perfectly. 
Bao Buns. It's a staple and the pork belly ones are moist and flavorful and I could probably make a meal just off of those. My personal favorite though is the lobster bowl, I mean who doesn't love jumbo lump crab meat in a kick ass sause with bacon and parmesan?! So so good.
Drinks? I  have to put in a good word for the Spicy Margarita, if you like it hot then this is the drink for you. YUMMMMMM.I loved Chifa's take on the $35 Restaurant Week dinner: the menu had about seven or eight options for each of the first two courses and they let you choose two for each course and then they have two dessert choices. That means that two people who are willing to share will end up getting 10 different dishes to sample, which really shows you want the place is all about. 
Here are my takes on what we ate: 
Peruvian Ceviche: Great texture and lots of "zippy" flavors. A wonderful fresh tasting start to the meal and a great compliment to the Pisco Sour I was drinking. 
Hiramasa Ceviche: Amazing how different these two ceviches can taste and still be called the same thing. Very tasty, a little more sweet and delicate, but I think I preferred the Peruvian. 
Pork Belly buns: to die for. 
BBQ Ribs: perfection. 
Shrimp Noodle Bowl: Heavy, creamy, rich, and delicious. 
Pho: This was the only dish that failed to impress. Not only did it not meet the level of greatness of the other dishes, I can't even say that it was good. Dense noodles, bland broth - totally subpar. Epic failure (or "pho-lure"). 
Chaufa Rice: So good. I should have ordered two of these and one less Pho. 
Scallion Pancakes: These could have been a little "lighter" but they were very tasty. 
Passion Fruit & Coconut: Two bites of sweet citrusy goodness. Not the most mind blowing dessert in the world, but still a winner. 
Hazelnut Mocha: Lots of different components that worked well together when you could manage to get them into the same bite. Like the other dessert, it was pretty good. 
The atmosphere of the place was sleek and sexy -- very dark, lots of interesting conversation/louge areas, interesting decor, hip music, and cool bathrooms. 
The service was pleasant and helpful. They had a few missteps here and there (eg should have asked if we wanted coffee prior to serving us dessert), but I'd say they were performing capably on a very busy RW night. 
Overall, this is another case where I'd love to be able to give 4.5 stars rather than 4 or 5, but with the Pho on the menu I can't in good conscience give this the ultimate high score that it otherwise might deserve. I'd still go back though.Peruvian Chinese. Now that's interesting. Good sampling of local microbrews on tap. Loved the spicy Cantonese eggplant. Tofu tempura was not what I expected, but tasty never the less. Good meal had by all. Prices reasonable given the center city location.Chifa was a happy hour stop this week. It's been awhile since I've visited the spot, so it was nice to see that they have lowered their happy hour prices and put out some sidewalk tables (even if Chestnut Street is pretty noise-polluted with bus traffic). My hubby enjoyed the Cusquena Peruvian lager for $3 and I loved the spicy passionfruit thai chili margarita for $6. The pork-belly bun was a stand out, as always, and comes as a single bun for $4. Also tried the Ecuadorian ceviche, which was lacking in flavor I thought and the crab empanada. But, with a bun and beer now priced at $7, I'll definitely be back.I'm gonna get blasted for this review, but I just don't care.  I like all of the other Jose Garces concepts.  Glad someone finally brought Tapas (complete with really well executed cuisine) to Philly.  But, this place was just terrible.  The space, service, and prices were all fine.  
Maybe its just that I don't like Peruvian-Chinese?  The food just seemed so pedestrian, and tasteless.  Ceviche served like bloody-mary oyster shooters?  I don't know, again, maybe its that I just don't like the cuisine.  Other Garces places are definitely much more worth checking out- JG Domestic, Tinto, or Amada.My Restaurant Week experience was moderate. Went on a date to Chifa's, whose decor I was not expecting. But I dig it, the way the proximity of tables is broken up and made more private by tall, sheer fabric. There is an industrial meets Arabian tent feel, you might say. 
So, to start off, we had the Vietnamese spring rolls, which were forgetable, and the duck tacos. The duck tacos... were phenomenal. My experience with duck is minimal, but this dish was tasty, not oily or fatty--whichever is the usual complaint of poorly done duck. 
We didn't split the second servings. I had the humita, because I am a sucker for both bacon and mushrooms. The corn tamale was tasty, though the dish was a bit dense in the corn department. 
I also had the Ecuadorian ceviche, my first foray into ceviches, and the mussels. Neither really blew my mind, though I did enjoy the ceviche. I wasn't tasting much of any of the flavors supposedly in the mussel dish, but the tomatoes in the ceviche were tasty. 
We also had the wine flight and chocolate cake. The wines were whatever and the cake I can't really remember. By that point the wines and ruby lighting in Chifa had lulled me into a sleepy state of mind. My thoughts (and the waiter's voice) were washed out by the tunes in Chifa.Another restaurant of Jose Garces' that did not disappoint!  We enjoyed the hiramasa ceviche, crab empanada, yuca fries and pork belly buns.  The only thing was that pretty much the whole piece of pork was fat. But nontheless, very tasty!  Skipped dessert but had a delicious (strong) cup of coffee to seal the meal.
I will definitely return!Why  Chifa doesn't have a 5 star rating is beyond me.  Service and food quality is outstanding.  Drink menu is up there with the draft offerings and wine flights.  Lastly prices are not bad for the overall experience of what you're getting.  
Jose Garces did a great job with the menu.  I had my first experience with a variety of foods including oxtail, octopus, pork belly, duck (tacos), and tofu (tempura) just to name a few.
Hope to come back soon :)The portions were quite plentiful for lunch.  I enjoyed the mussels and edamame salad and I'm not generally a fan of edamame.  They even tolerated (though some of the looks were interesting) our 2 year old twins being with us.Disappointed as a first experience with Jose Garces after hearing so much about him. Then again, I'm biased because I don't like fusion, especially Asian fusion. Being an Asian myself, I have high expectations for authenticity, which is rarely possible at fusion restaurants. But those tiny cheesy breads they serve were absolutely addictive.Damn you iron chef!  Why do you have to be so good?  Out of all the restaurants you own, this is my wife's favorite.  It would be my favorite if you only had luchador masks hanging on the wall, but that's why I love your Distrito restaurant.
Where to start?  My wife and I came here for our 2yr wedding anniversary.  We had been to most of Chef Garces restaurants except for this so we figured we'd spend our special day at this establishment.  The ambience is hip with the lights pretty dim and the seating areas intimate (sort of).  The food is pretty typical of a Garces place where it's mostly tapas.  We each decided to have 3 items ea off of the menu.  My wife ordered the pork buns, braised short ribs and scallion pancakes.  I had the peruvian ceviche, the lamb..and edamame salad.  Each dish was unique and very flavorful.  It was drowned in coconut milk or anything like that..except for the ceviche.  The portions aren't large, but enough to share with another person.  If you expect to very little money here, I'm sure you could, but it may be tough.  We decided to have dessert some place else, but all in all this was wonderful and the iciing on the cake was that the service was spot on!  This definitely will not be our last time at this placeAwesome. Went here for restaurant week. This place was incredible. Sometimes you go out to eat, and you're bored by the menu, but not here. Everything we got was incredible and interesting. Can't wait to go back.They might be open until 10 weeknights but the kitchen closes at 9.  I had the red curry and it was bland.This small plate restaurant has much more to offer than ceviche on restaurant week. Lovely spot, really; it takes discernment and recommendations, but you can craft a perfect meal here.three-and-one-half stars?!?!  no, no, no - that's all wrong.  Chifa - I love you!  don't change!
how could this place NOT be five stars?!  of course you have to pay and wait for amazing food - that's just the way it is.  yes, there will be noise in a popular, urban restaurant.  
the food is really great - red curry, buns (pork and tofu), ceviches - c'mon!  superb!  I've tried a bunch of different things on the drink list and it's all great, especially the chicha morada.
the service is OUTSTANDING.  even the bussers are great.
Jose Garces - you're my hero!Sometimes, the whole "Asian fusion" is so kitsch and overrated.  Why do people think that just because they decide to combine ingredients from two different cultures, they are being so original?  For thousands of years, immigrants have been creating "fusion' food with great success.  
I went here for restaurant week and the food offerings while plentiful, were quite mediocre.    Definitely not up to Iron Chef standard.  
Almost every dish was a) overly salty, or b) was "Asianified" by adding coconut milk.   
Ceviche was a mess.  
Pork buns are mediocre.  You can get better ones just a few blocks away in Chinatown for much cheaper.
Sorry, Garces, but you struck out with this one.So there are a couple reasons why this review may not be fair. Reason #1: I only went once and perhaps it was an off-day for the staff. Reason #2, I lived in Peru for a while and ate my way through the menu at a variety of different Chifas, so perhaps feel possessive towards the cuisine. 
The food was tasty, but here's my deal. We asked for the chef's tasting menu and requested no pork. That meant we got chicken, and only chicken. What, no beef, no fish? I expect variety when I order a chef's tasting menu, and don't think a request for "no pork" should void that expectation. Additionally, it was pretty empty for lunch time, yet another party was seated smack dab next to us. I can't blame my server for the diners' annoying conversation, but I do think a little more discretion should have been demonstrated on the wait staff's part when seating the larger, noisier group. 
I also didn't have very high expectations for the degree of authenticity in the cuisine, but to be honest, it was nearly unrecognizable. Perhaps if I'd had a chance to try the ceviche my song would be different, but for some reason they don't serve that at lunch. The pisco sours tasted really different as well, and I was told by my server that because of the egg white, they cannot be made by the pitcher. Excuse me, but that's really the only way they do make them in South America. 
All in all, I've enjoyed my experiences at the other Garces restaurants much more. However; I'm willing to give it another shot, and will update this review if my impression changes.My boyfriend treated me to Chifa for my birthday.  I really enjoy the concept of Latin and Cantonese fusion.  (The term "chifa" comes from the transliteration of the Chinese word "chi fan", meaning "eat meal."  Cute.)
There were some stand-outs in the menu, including the pork belly buns.  However, I do recall that some of the other dishes were so immersed in hoisin sauce that I couldn't really taste anything else.   At least I do like hoisin...   The yuca fries were crispy on the outside, creamy and smooth on the inside.  But, it is quite heavy and after 2 fries, I didn't have the stomach for much else.
So, 2 tips:  (1) If you can, order the sauce on the side (like the Chifa chicken).   (2)  If by the end of the night you are still hungry, order the yuca fries because it will take up a good 1/2 of your stomach.(Full review on blog)
...At Jose Garces' Cantonese-Peruvian Chifa, duck confit tacos ($9) with house-made kimchi, sliced radish, and cracklins' on flour tortillas are tiny yet a full array of flavors and textures.
Shots of Ecuadorian oyster ceviche ($13) with spicy yellow tomato, jalapeno, chives and avocado make for gazpacho-like seafood sippers.
The night's special of sous vide pork belly ($9, pictured right) cut like buttah while the pickled watermelon burst with sweet summer nectar.I had been meaning to try this as I had dined at all of Chef Garces' other restaurants and finally make it here this past week with my best friend in tow. We were seated in the very front of the restaurant so I didn't get a good look at the rest of the space but it was cozy and dark..a good date spot! Service was friendly and attentive without being too eager.
First of all to start off I have noticed that when Garces restaurants run the restaurant week menus you don't get bread or other complimentary starter you would normally get. Was definitely bummed about this especially here because I had heard the bread is beyond amazing. 
Anyways here's what I had:
Hiramasa Ceviche - my favorite dish I had that night!!! So fresh and flavored with tons of citrus and ginger.
Pork Belly Buns - were good but not as great as all the hype that they get from other reviewers. Tasted like a pulled pork sandwich.
Pho - Was just spicy enough and the broth was flavorful but could have used more beef (there were only 2 slivers among tons of noodles)
Red Curry - WOW this was great!! I'm a huge curry fan and I did get a little heartburn because of the spicyness but it was worth it. My only complaint is more rice!
Passion Fruit Dessert - was tasty but very very tiny. Wish there was a bit more.
Don't know if I will be back here again but it was delicious and I'm glad I tried it out!Had my hubby's bday party @ Chifa last night, staff was very nice in arranging it for us, and we got into the Machu Picchu booth, which was fun and felt "exclusive," but honestly, food wasn't great.
I was so so excited for it, as the website and menu are exciting, but overall, ideas were not executed well, and boy were most dishes salty!  We all shared many dishes and here they are:
CEVICHE:
*Hiramasa: pretty good; fresh fish, like 7 pieces, but emulsion was not strong enough to pop, as it is at Alma de Cuba
MIXTOS:
*Shellfish: most disappointing dish of the evening; deconstructed paella with a bar of rice (tasted like rubber), cold mussels and shrimp in an emulsion (tasteless and meh), couldn't taste the one tiny paper thin chorizo circle
*Duck Ceviche: cold chopped duck in uninspiring sauce 
DIM SUM:
*Pork Belly Buns: pork was tasty, but the rice bun isn't as good as Chinatown's; overall salty
*Chicken Wings: 4 TINY wings and ok (salty!) but has nothing on Pearl Akoya's
*BBQ Ribs: yummy, but once again, small, salty, and nothing special
NOODLES & RICE:
*Chaufa: didn't try it but my friends said it was just overwhelming MSG
*Red Curry del General: ok; tasted like any thai dish
SPECIALTIES:
*Wagyu Skirt: wayy too salty; I'm a hypertaster but my hubby is a dull taster, and said it was a little salty.  Portion small for price
FISH:
*Hot Pot: cod was yummy and delicate (as it always is), but broth full of MSG and just any other asian dish
*Chupe: solid; we all enjoyed this one
*Hiramasa: the best dish we had; fish well cooked (though honestly Marigold Kitchen does it better), clams yummy, chorizo great
DESSERT:
*Funnel Cake: it tasted...weird...powdery and with a metallic aftertaste, and grilled basil over it?!  The banana sorbet was yummy though.  
I seriously hope that Tinto is better.  Was rooting for Garces (we think Starr is overrated and that his ambiance is better than his food), but am starting to change my mind.  Amada was better.We tried 6 dishes and finished about 5...classic case of eyes being bigger than our stomachs. In decreasing order of enthusiasm:
-Nikkei-style Tuna Ceviche - very different presentation from the other ceviche, this highlighted the super-fresh fish well
-Ecuadorian-style Ceviche - spicy and creamy, but the taste of the fish can get lost
-Pork Belly Bao Buns - a little heavy on the hoisin sauce and the bun, but overall pretty tasty
-Chaufa - an interesting blend of flavors with some tasty sausage.
-Lomo Saltado - the potatoes were the best part of an otherwise fairly unexciting dish.
-Empanada - downright disappointing.  The crabmeat was blended so that the flavor was lost.This was a lucky find. I'm visiting the city and stopped in after an afternoon of walking. We start with a ceviche (they all sounded so good it was hard to choose)- the Ecuadorian, I think. The fish was delicious, slightly sweet tasting as it should be. The crab filled empanadas with basil reduction was amazing, really flavorful. The express lunch is a good deal and let's you try two courses for the price of (about) one. I had the pork belly banh mi with fresh fries in chimichurri sauce and it was a lot of food, along with my first course, an edamame salad with queso fresco and tomatoes. Yum. The service was great, very friendly.I had high hopes for Chifa after many successful visits to Tinto, but I walked out disappointed with their weekend lunch menu.  Not only were two of the lunch entrees unavailable on a Saturday, the rice bowl concoctions (including the chaufa) tasted as if they were drowning in soy sauce.  The only saving grace were the chicken wings appetizer and the peruvian and himarasa cerviches, which were prepared just the right way to lend a taste of the freshness of the fish.  Overall, I might return to test out the dinner menu, but I'm not holding my breath (... or stomach).The food was damn good but our waitress was not very observant.  We were only a table of 3 and ordered plates separately with only 1 to share.  Usually the plates are to share for the whole table but the waitress knew we weren't doing that.  In any case, she brought out 1 of my friend's meals and then we waited 10 minutes for our shared plate, then another 10 minutes for the 2nd and 3rd meals.  We were very happy with the food itself but annoyed that we had to awkwardly wait to eat our meals til everyone had something.Favourite thing: the gratis bread/bun/muffin top starter.  Seriously, these things are delicious.  They are made with some manchego cheese in the center and served with a tasty hoisin sauce.  I snarfed down two of these easily.
Least favourite thing: the empanada, with crabmeat that tasted just a wee bit too fishy.  Blech.
Other great things: the desayuno, an arepa with oxtail and bacon, but the itty-bity quail's egg freaked me out.  I cast it aside and plowed on. I also loved the scallion pancakes.
The arroz con pato was good - not great.  I liked the cripsy duck but the rice was a little too 'herby' for me.  The pork belly buns were okay too, not teriffic.  The lobster noodles, while I thought would be my #1 pick, were also good, but not outstanding.  Too creamy?  Too something.
I hated the pisco sour I ordered and our awesome waiter took it back and brought me some Pinot Noir.  Which is what I should have ordered in the first damn place.3.5 stars.. lunch here was pretty darn good.  I had the lunch prix fixe.  The oyster ceviche was unremarkable, but the seafood stew was really really good.  I wish I'd had gone to lunch here more often when I was working across the street from here.  I'd like to visit for dinner sometimes.I had such a good time at Chifa. The food was delicious, and the service was attentive. A three-dollar-sign kind of night, but well, well worth it.
Food. The food is served tapas style -- small plates to share that come out as they are ready. But don't let that fool you. You shouldn't come here to nibble. These dishes all have very rich, very deep flavors, and a few dishes is more than enough food. I recommend the Pork Bowl and the Pork Bun. Excellent cocktail menu as well -- try the caipirihna.
Service. I got there early and was shepherded to the bar where I enjoyed a cocktail while I waited for my table. (Like I said, try the caipirihna, but my Manhattan was excellent, too.) Two really nice things happened at the bar: They came and got me when my table was ready, rather than handing me a goofy pager. The hostess remembered who I was and what my name was and took me to sit. Then they transferred my bar tab to my bill so I didn't need to settle up before sitting down. Why more places can't do this is beyond me -- and totally annoying. 
On opening the menu, I discovered a lot of words I didn't know (because they were in other languages, not because I am vocabulary-limited). Not to worry: our waitress came right over and (knowingly) asked if we had any questions. 
(Note about portions: she suggested 2-3 dishes per person. Unless you are feeding the Philadelphia Eagles, 3 dishes per person is a ludicrous amount of food.)
Anyhow, I heard somewhere that Chifa serves "Peruvian Cantonse fusion." That's fun to say! But let's not kid ourselves. The menu fuses two fairly broad categories: "vaguely Asian" and "vaguely Hispanic." Which is perfectly fine by me.After helping my long lost college friend move apt. We came here for dinner. To our surprise it was restaurant week. We had option to for us each to pick 2 tapas and a dessert. We got the duck tacos, wings, leaf less tamale thing, chicarron thingy. We got the pana cotta for dessert. I think we also got salad too. And I think I ate a baos thingy too. 
I like the fusion. I am Chinese-peruvian after all. We agreed that we would not come back for tamale thing. I missed out on a guava butter spread with bread. They didn't have it for rest. week. It's fine its just butter but my friend was drooling for it. 
Service was on point. We were lucky to have been were seated immediately without a reservation. After 15 minutes the place slowly filled up with the happy hour/Friday dinner crowd.
I like this tapas idea. Got to try many dishes at a celeb chef's place without breaking the bank in Philly.Jose Garces does it again.
Adorable decor.  Great staff, very helpful, perfect recommendations.
Food was awesome.
We had the pork buns, duck tacos, lobster noodles, oyster ceviche and the best octopus I have ever eaten.  
Pork buns were tasty, and not greasy.  Second only to Fatty Crab.
The ceviche was nice and refreshing, we went with the ecuadorian, nice with a bit of spice.
The octopus was perfectly cooked, the sauce and the purple potatoes made it perfect.
Cocktails were tasty and cleverly named (Really, Inigo Montoya).  I had the Pistols Scaramanga (named for Bond's Man with the Golden Gun), it was great.  I was worried the rose syrup would take over, but it was well balanced.
I never imagined that Peruvian Chinese fusion would work.  Clearly, I was wrong.We really enjoyed our service and the tasting menu - particularly the Thai Beef Salad, Nikkei ceviche, Duck Taco and Chinese 5 spice Pork - note, it can be really loudThis is my second trip to Chifa and part of the problem was that I went with some of the same people each time.  This one person is not a good sharer.  (So I am giving the restaurant the benefit of the doubt.)  I was going to give a more detailed description of this persons actions but decorum does not allow for such.    Some of the ceviche is delicious but very small portions.   The bread is great as well.   I kind of feel like the menu could use some better descriptions of what you are getting.  After two times, I would not rush to go back even though both experiences were enjoyable.So many reviews already written, so I'll be brief...
Loved the food... good enough for 4 *s - but not 5. Each item I tasted was interesting and of high quality. You can stop reading here, eat there and be happy.  
However, if you want to read more, I feel a need to point out what was missing and what could have been, because for a Garces restaurant, I found the food surprisingly mild. For example, the RED CURRY was tame and muted by the richness of excessive coconut milk. The ceviche was missing something at the opposite end - some acid (lime maybe?). The PHO - which was satisfying and had a broth rich with star anise - lacked thai basil and a beefy depth. The THAI SAUSAGE SANDWICH as satisfying as it was, could have been better with more heat and more crunch. Nothing missing from the fries - crispy with strong potato flavor, drizzled with sriracha aioli and sitting in a pool of sweet-tangy chimichurri. yum!
I guess I'm pointing out what was lacking because I have tasted more at each of JG's other restaurants - where he pulled flavors out of foods in a way that really impressed me. In my opinion, he sets an elevated bar. I also point this out because I noticed that the waiter was warning everyone else about how spicy the scriracha sauce (for the pho) and the Thai sausage were. Just letting you know that some of us like flavor and sensation... the sausage was not hot and the sriracha is what it is - on the scale of hot sauces, more flavor than heat.Went for lunch. Again, it was good but I wasn't blown away, and it was on the expensive side. The decor was nice and the service was good.I had lunch at Chifa today for the first time.  I forgot to pack a lunch, and I figured that I would try a restaurant close by that was participating in Center City Restaurant Week.  I really didn't know what to expect, so I checked Yelp 15 minutes before I left for lunch (but after I made my reservation).  The reviews seemed pretty positive, so I was content with the fact that I picked a decent spot.
I was expecting a crowd and having to wait for a bit, but I was pleasantly surprised.  I suppose lunch isn't quite as busy as dinner, as there was decent availability.  I enjoy dining alone, and the atmosphere was wonderful, including not being awkward for solo diners.  The waitstaff was so friendly and helpful.  One server even described the dish in full as he set it on the table; it was quite a treat.
As part of CCRW, the menu was fixed at $20.00 with limited selection.  I had pretty much decided what I wanted before I arrived, so I was quick to order.  I went with the Ecuadorian Ceviche, Pork Belly Banh Mi, and Turron de Chocolate.  The Ceviche was delicious, and I'm so glad I had a chance to enjoy it; I was the 2nd to last person served the dish of the day, as they had run out by 12:30 (much to the disgruntledness of my table neighbors to be seated after me).  It was cool, crisp, refreshing, and very flavorful.  The Banh Mi was delicious as well; I didn't realize it came with a side of fries, which was a pleasant surprise.  I think the best part of that dish was the dipping sauce in the bottom of the bowls in which the fries sat...crisp, cool, lime-cilantro-mixture of which I was told the name but it escapes me now.  I think that may have been the best part of the meal...just the sauce!  I know, it's the little things.  Dessert came last, a small chocolate mousse-like rectangular pie-like dessert with a miniature scoop of coffee ice cream.  It was plated very well, and was just large enough to satisfy; I don't think I could have handled it if it were any larger.
The decor, as stated before, is lovely.  I really am entranced by the wooden beams that surround the side tables with their tucked curtains; I really wanted to ask if the curtains are ever closed to offer a party some privacy.  The only thing I really wasn't a fan of was the fact that the fans were on, and it was a bit chilly inside for the middle/end of January.
Overall, great time.  I would go again, but maybe just for dinner during the next CCRW...I'm always looking for a deal!Really good place. As a peruvian, I am very familiar with the allure of chifa and the owners and chef have struck gold with this one. The dining room is inviting and lovely and reminds me of a favorite chifa place in Lima - at Las Regatas club overlooking the Pacific. To be sure, you lack an ocean view on Chestnut Street, but the look is spot on. 
Highlights of the meal were a delicious ceviche, a chico morado sangria (red corn juice with sangria ingredients, ummy!) and the oxtail fried rice. 
Can't wait to go back!I went to Chifa after randomly deciding that it was absolutely imperative that I go to one more sips.. and how fitting that it was the last one of the season. 
This place was packed, like PACKED.. which wasn't too bad.. since we lucked up on a table.. The service was really good..from the waitstaff, BUT I can't understand why during happy hour there was only ONE bartender at the bar? WTF?? blech
This is a tapas place, so the portions are somewhat small which is ok. The blood orange madras was excellent, as were the fries. I am not a fan of fat steak fries, so the actual fry was a no go for me! BUT the chimichurri and spicy sauce that went on them was amazing. Just for those sauces I had to eat those horribly fat fries. mwahaha
I love the decor, and just from that little preview I had I definitely want to go back for a real sit down meal in one of those tables in the back .. I just love the ambiance back there when I walked through to the bathroom ( which was super clean ) 
I'm especially excited to go and try some of their vegg items ,... I hear they are amazing :DI went to Chifa a couple weeks ago to check out the Buns and Beer special and the buns, in fact, were delicious. My only complaint about the special is that I wasn't that interested in the 4 beers. I love beer but I can drink beer anywhere-- I was at Chifa for that Jose Garces deliciousness ... or Garcliciousness. 
Well, I needed more food than just buns to absorb that beer so I ordered some duck confit ceviche (I can't say no to a duck confit), scallion pancakes, and a beef and potato bowl called Lomo Saltado. The scallion pancakes were a plate of 4 or 5 tiny pancakes, very heavily fried and delicious. Speaking of fried, they also brought out some fried dough bread things which were absolutely delicious; the type of thing that you'd eat 20 of and wake up in a hospital if they kept giving them to you. Finally, I found the Lomo Saltado to be pretty interesting. It was like a beef rice bowl but with potatoes instead of rice. The beef was delicious and likewise with the potatoes. I ended up with a bowl full of remaining veggies as I found them to be a bit on the soggy side... but there was also a crapload of them and it was a fairly hefty bowl of food so no real complaints with this dish. 
Oh a note about that beers: I was impressed that they had some good local beers on tap instead of trying to gouge me on a bunch of imported bottles. Nice choices.
There's definitely more stuff on the menu that I plan on returning to try!This restaurant is fantastic. I love Jose Garces but had never been to Chifa before. My husband decided that restaurant week would be the time to try it. I'm very glad we did. Every course was delicious. First of all, I love how the Garces restaurants are always dimly lit and comfortable. This place had a great vibe. It's a great date spot. Service was excellent. Our server (and several servers/"busboys") were constantly offering to clear plates and see if we were ok. I had a nice conversation with the waiter. Everything seemed very efficient, but in a good way. Like other Garces restaurants, this one specializes in small plates, and they are savory and delicious and filling. First course (choice of 2) I had a delicious "salad" with cheese, edamame, and other assorted goodies in a delicious dressing. It was very hearty. I also had the BBQ ribs. The ribs were the highlight of the meal: fall off the bone delicious with a wonderful sauce. My husband had the shrimp ceviche, which was delicious. He also had the spring rolls, which were crisp but not greasy, and had a wonderful dipping sauce. Second course I had a shrimp noodle bowl. It was a dream with home-made fettuchini noodles bacon, peas and a delicious cream sauce. It was very rich and heavy, but addicting nonetheless. Another winner. My husband had the spicy pho noodles, which seemed really quite spicy but he seemed to enjoy them. He loved the ok but not standout. They seemed like a popular dish though based on all the tables ordering them. For dessert, we both had the hazelnut mocha, ice cream with some type hazelnut crunchy topping and a smear of chocolate "pudding". I expected the ice cream to have more taste and overall it was kind of a letdown. The only other dessert option was sorbet. I would have liked to have seen a third option. But the food was so good, who really cared? Not me! Coffee, however,  was fantastic. I don't always like restaurant coffee, but this was good. We really enjoyed ourselves and I definitely plan to check out the rest of the menu. I highly recommend the ribs, though. Yumm-oh. Oh, and did I mention that the bathroom is beautiful??? Just an FYI...:)Went here for a follow up surprise anniversary dinner on the fly.
while we're fans of garces, we've never been to chifa.  we were pretty excited to finally go, however, we left feeling kind of "meeeeh."
the interior of the restaurant is top notch...a beautiful darkness with a touch of class.  the back dining room for parties looks very nice, but seems like it would be quite loud, which i guess is ok for large groups.
on to the food........here's what we ordered
complimentary buns with some sort of sauce i forget the name of - these were probably the best thing we had. the sauce had a bit of heat balanced with a sweetness.  it was quite tasty
crab empanada - was just ok. a bit on the small side. you are served two of them.
yuca fries - boring. the sauce at the bottom of the bowl was delicious. we didn't notice the sauce until we ate about half of them. what a shame. they should maybe put the sauce in a side dish for dipping.
pulpa - gigantic friend shrimp and baby squid heads.  the squid was nice and tender. the shrimp was meh. i felt like we wasted a lot of the shrimp meat based on the way it is served.
chufa - a stir fry rice mix of mango, scallop (two small bits), some veggies, and chorizo.  it was quite tasty.
baby goat curry - this dish was a "specialty" that felt like a disappointment.  while it sounds kind of gross, baby goat is quite delicious.  they ruined it by shredding it and serving it with this curry sauce.  while it seems like something authentic, perhaps it would have been better to serve this dish with chicken, as the curry sauce completely overpowered the goat.
wagyu skirt steak - another "specialty" in which the quality of the protein was kind of ruined by the sauce they poured on it. once again, perhaps they should have used a lesser quality beef.  wagyu can kind of stand on it's own.  it does not need a sauce.
rice krispie square - complimentary. tasted kind of stale.
the service was pretty bad.  we arrived at 8 and a server did not come over until about 8:17.  he immediately served us water and pretty much expected us to order on the spot.  when we asked for a few more minutes he finally came back at 8:30.  He took our drink order when he took our food order.  the serving of the food is strange as well.  the first three dishes i listed came all at once, even though we said we were sharing everything.  this was frustrating as all three dishes were fried.  therefore, we ended up having to eat kind of warm kind of cold fried food.  there was then a very long wait for the final three dishes.  the rice came out about 2 minutes before the specialty dishes.  all in all, just weird pacing and timing.
the dinner was kind of a disappointment sparked even more by the poor service.  i doubt i would recommend this restaurant and i would definitely never go back, but i am glad i tried it.....if that makes sense.
total bill with a crappy (17%) tip came to about $140This visit marked my last Garces venture. And this is NOT Peruvian food. 
My mom's Peruvian, so I like to think I know what I'm talking about here. 
The evening started well, with Inca Cola (a Peruvian soda), and a bowl of delicious fried yucca (4/5 stars). They could have been somewhat more crispy, but I guess it's hard to find good cassava in Philly. 
The pork buns (3/5 stars) were alright, nothing special and tasted like takeout quality spareribs in pancakes. 
After munching on my BBQ ribs (2/5 stars), I continued to find small pieces of bone in my teeth for the rest of the meal. And they were extremely fatty and greasy. 
The lobster bowl (2/5 stars) was like an overcooked pasta... I didn't understand the asian or Peruvian influence in that one at all. 
And the lomo saltado (2/5 stars) didn't have fries (which it should), or rice (which it cannot do without). In my opinion, you're not serving the dish that goes by that name, just don't name it that, or warn people that it has nothing to do with the original. 
Not only was it an unpleasant surprise that this supposedly Peruvian influenced fare had only minimum influence, but the quality was seriously lacking. Typical Garces: greasy, overpriced, insipid... small dishes = hungry tummies.Chifa was my very first Center City restaurant.  Living outside of Philly...I rarely go in.  I know.  It's sad.  
I decided to go with my roommates to Restaurant Week.  I don't usually splurge on food, but I will treat myself from time to time.
I've never enjoyed tapas before...so it was exciting just for that alone.
Appetizers:  Vietnamese Spring roll....scrumptious!   Thai Beef Salad...here's the thing.  I always order meat well done.  So really, this is my fault.  I either didn't pay attention to the menu or I should have ordered it that way.  My roommate really enjoyed the bloodish pink kobe beef though!
Entrees:  Best food of the night...Chicarrones (which I may have just spelled wrong).  The pork was delicious and I really liked the lentils.  I also got the Shrimp Noodle bowl.  The sauce was creamier and cheesier than I was expecting.  I think it wasn't fair that it came after my pork dish.  Nothing was going to compare well after it.
For dessert was the tiniest piece of chocolate cake I've ever seen.  Listen, I get it.  Classy food is smaller...I've seen Top Chef.  But I'm hungry girl out on the town.  FEED ME!
All in all it was a really nice experience and I would definitely go back again.After my first First Friday experience in Old City, a couple of my peoples suggested Amada. The wait was a little under an hour, so they took me to Chifa instead (both restaurants owned by the same guy). Once we got inside, it was a pretty mellow crowd for a Friday night. I loved the decor and the staff was very nice. We copped some seats at the bar and enjoyed a few drinks. The menu looked so good I had to order. I ended up with the Thai Sausage and the manager bought us over some delicious octopus for an appetizer. I was also able to try my friends'  dishes as well...oysters and the ribs. 
I will most definitely be back here again...Chifa is the sh*t!Came in with a group of seven other ladies on a Saturday night.  Swanky setting, fantastic food,  and great service.  Would definitely recommend to others for an upscale group dinner.Chifa busted out of the gate sprinting but by the time it crossed the finish line, it was crawling on its knees.  It definitely lived up to my expectations of being ok, but nothing out of this world.
To start, the two items I had off the first course menu - pork belly buns and hiramasa ceviche - were wonderful.  The pork belly was so tender and tasty and had the perfect amount of dressing.  If there is one thing you try at Chifa, be sure it's da buns.  The hiramasa was also delicious.  It was dressed with slivers of chili peppers and charred pineapple and I believe ginger and a mustard emulsion, though I didn't find either of those flavors.
The second course was where the problems began.  I had the Shrimp Noodle Bowl and Chaufa Rice.  The noodle bowl had an ample amount of perfectly cooked shrimp, delicious noodles, bacon, parmesan cheese, peas and a spicy cream sauce.  The Chaufa Rice however, was dry and extremely salty.  The scallops were so overcooked I didn't bother to eat them.
For my beverage I had the lychee sangria and I began to question if it contained any alcohol.  Three glasses in, and I was still stone cold sober.  
I ended the meal with the Hazelnut Mocha, which was less than spectatular.  The chunks of ice (freezer burn?) underneath the ice cream really caused it to fall flat.
Overall the service was friendly and precise, except that the waiter asked us if we wanted coffee AFTER we had finished dessert.
While the experience was decent overall, this Garces establishment can't hold a candle to Amada.  I would go back again, but I think just to have a drink at the bar (not the sangria!) and maybe some more of those pork belly buns.I was invited to a birthday party at Chifa and our celebration coincided with Restaurant Week - something that made me a bit apprehensive (would the menu be too restrictive, how many choices would one have, the crowds, etc.).  It turned out, my doubts were unfounded.  While the place was full and incredibly loud, the servers did a great job handling the crowds, taking time to explain the menu, making suggestions, and, most importantly, providing attentive and fine service.  Kudos to the wait staff. 
As for the food, being able to choose 9 separate dishes for the $35 prix-fixe was a generous way for newcomers to sample the style of food Chifa offers and most of it was very tasty and delicious.  How can you go wrong with pork belly bao buns, made even richer with togarashi mayonnaise?  Or the moist BBQ ribs with a char sui glaze?  The Hiramasa Tiradito with pineapple and ginger was a marvel - the impeccably fresh kingfish turned into a stellar sashimi dish.  Not all the dishes were equally excellent.  The crab curry turned out to be a bland, creamy soup that was hard to finish, and the Pho, with its surfeit of sprouts, did not stand out.  While the dishes are really delicious, especially when you start out hungry, they tend to be heavy (except the ceviche dishes) because of the addition of mayonnaise or cream based sauces.  
The two desserts were terrific, a fine ending to the parade of plates that had filled up everyone at the table nicely.  The fact that it was Restaurant Week turned out to be a great deal and everyone in the place seemed happy and content.  Now if only I could have heard what was said across from my table.After having an incredible experience at Amada and seeing a special "Duck Week" menu at Chifa, we decided to trust Garces and have dinner here. 
I was really, really disappointed. Maybe spoiled by Amada in terms of small plates, and Chinatown in terms of actual Chinese food, but this really did not meet the standards Garces had set for me.
I don't want to say too much since the Duck Week menu was special - not many of the items are on their regular menu, I think. But the duck ceviche had the consistency of tuna salad, peking duck turned into peking chicken (so what's the point of Duck Week?), the duck in the duck bao buns had improperly rendered fat so it was chewy and I was just sort of pulling at it when I bit into it...everything was just sort of sub-par. 
There were some highlights - the sangria, the mussels in coconut rum jalapeño broth, and the foie gras ice cream dessert (served with caramel apple paint and pistachio cookies). 
Also, after telling our server we weren't so happy with the chicken, she was kind enough to send us out an order of lamb instead, which was very good.
So much for Duck Week. Not likely that I'll give this place another try - definitely going to stick to Amada...and Chinatown.I had dinner here with a group of friends after discovering Garces' Amada and loving it.  At Chifa the food was very inventive and fun.  I  loved the small plate concept and it's great to go with a group of friends so you can try lots of different dishes.  Our unanimous favorite was the lobster with white noodles, rocoto cream, Parmesan, bacon, and green peas.  It was creamy and delicious.  The ceviche was also wonderful, fresh, and light.  The wait staff was attentive and informative and the ambiance at the restaurant was wonderful as well.  While I still liked Amada better, Chifa did not disappoint.In the recently popular words of nerds, Meh. I had high hopes for Chifa, but it didn't quite meet my expectations. There were parts that I enjoyed and parts that could have been better. First, the decor was really very nice. I liked that it was dimly lit but not too dark you couldn't see your food, nice bar, and the wispy curtains between sections of tables were kind of romantic when I first saw them... and then we got sat. Our table was so close to next one I felt like my butt was in their food when I had to get up to use the restroom. Really Jose? You gotta squeeze as many tables as you possibly can into that little space? Not necessary. 
On to the food. I never had tapas before so I was a little excited. We ordered 6 different dishes to share, and a dessert for each. I would say about half of the dishes were good and the other half were just ok. FYI, don't eat the pickles. The winter melon tasted like it had been pickled in men's cologne, seriously nasty. The lobster bowl was probably my favorite with the pork belly buns coming in second. If they had those two in real dinner portions I would definitely go back to eat them. My Captain Crunch Donuts were pretty tasty, but I was a little perplexed as to where the name came from because it didn't taste like the cereal at all. 
What I did like about the experience was the service, very attentive and nice, and the fact that you are served the food as it is ready. This made us take our time eating and gave us the opportunity to really converse. Also when these little portions came out I thought that it wasn't going to be enough food for me, but when you eat that slowly you fill up at a normal pace and don't overeat (like I tend to). 
Overall, an ok place to try but not the kind I'd visit again and again. 
P.S. Not that this has anything to really do with my review. But there was a piece of glass on the table that I cut myself on and bled profusely from. Blood dripping all over my hands and dress and the smell of the iron, I nearly passed out at the table. This is no joke and not an exaggeration. I started to black out right there. Lesson learned: if you see something and think it is a crumb, leave it alone, do not jam your finger down on it.Another hit by Jose Garces! I took my dad to Chifa after our trip to the Cezanne and Beyond show. It was a wonderful ending to a great day with dad. We ordered the chef's tasting menu. It's a must for your first visit there. I can still remember every course we ate. Everything was delicious. My favorites were the tuna ceviche and the scallop dish. I wish I could remember the names of them but I'm sure the waitress/waiter can help. Staff was very friendly and helpful. They recommended a wonderful wine for my dad and a signature cocktail for me.
If you love Garces other restaurants, you'll love Chifa.Chifa is a solid restaurant with excellent food. I went there for restaurant week, and my favorite dish was a mushroom puff pastry. Still, I wasn't blown away, and I'm not sure it's worth the money.my parents took me here when i was last home in philadelphia visiting... whew, it was awful weather (for this san diegan) but that food was well worth it. it's all tapas, so be prepared to spend a lot of money! 
i can't remember all i got, but i loved it all. i might ask to go back next time. but, knowing my parents they'll have some awesome new cool place to take me to instead!Delicious small plates (the pork belly Bao Buns were amazing!) and relatively reasonably priced.  If you're planning on getting more than one Sangria, just order the pitcher - they're very tasty.  Service was good, maybe a touch on the slow side but it was crowded.  The plates all came out timed perfectly so we were rarely left without food.  Only complaint was another dining group - who the hell takes a crying baby out to a nice restaurant a 9:00pm??  Get a damn baby sitter!After coming here with a variety of group sizes, different people and for both restaurant week and normal dates, I can say that Chifa can easily keep up with all the other more "known" Garces restaurants.
Chifa seems to be one of the easier Garces places to get a reservation, and I'm not quite sure why.  The food is exciting, the service is good and I'm not sure what more you could want.
The last time here, I came with my girlfriend for a normal dinner out.  We were seated in the sort of "cabana" area.  It was actually really nice for creating a sense of privacy in a relatively large space.  
With my girlfriend's allergy and pickiness against some seafood, we normally go a la carete and did just that here.  The prix fixe is really good at Chifa though and having had it a few times in the past, you won't be disappointed.  All the small dishes we picked were delicious and well prepared.  It was also nice that our server really tried to work with my girlfriend's food allergy.  During the end of our meal the group sat next to us and one of the members had a more far reaching allergy than my girlfriend's and it was good to see the server work with them as well.  For our final large course we went with the 5-spice pork.  It was huge, but super delicious.
Overall I really enjoyed this last visit and every other time I've been to Chifa.  If you're a fan of tapas places, but want to try one with a bit of Asian influence, head over to Chifa.With so many reviews already there isn't much I can add. But I just had to give yet another positive review, after all this is where I learned about pork belly buns, the awe-inspiring little balls of deliciousness. The creative menu has something for everyone, where else can you get pork served 3 ways on 1 plate?!  
Why not 5 stars? The atmosphere was intimate to say the least, I was an elbows length away from the table next to us, I almost felt like I should talk to them since I could hear virtually everything they were saying. The tables were so tiny that it was difficult to maneuver the food. It seems unfair to have deservedly high food prices and then squeeze so many people in just to make a few extra dollars. Give me a little more space and I would give it a 5th star.Like most Garces restaurants, I enjoyed my experience here and would certainly return. Unlike Tinto and Amada, I didn't eat my weight's worth of cheese and charcuterie. Don't expect to get seated immediately, even if you have a reservation. In fact, don't expect to get seated within 20 minutes of your reservation. At least the bar is nice and has the added bonuses of purse hooks and helpful waiters/bartenders.
My favorites were the tuna tiradito, Thai sausage and accompanying rice, and the pork belly buns. I enjoyed my caipirinha a lot more than the spicy margarita, though neither were packing much liquor for the $12 price tag.
I think I would really enjoy the tasting menu here, so maybe next time.My boyfriend and I have been a huge fan of Chef Garces' Amada restaurant, so we decided to try another one of his highly recommended restaurants!
We started with the Peruvian style Ceviche with their whitefish of the day, and also the Thai Beef Salad. Both had excellent flavors and didn't disappoint. 
For our second course we ordered the Pork Belly Bao Buns and the Kobe Beef Pho.... both of which we have had better at other restaurants. 
(The best place we recommend for Bao Buns is Sampan, also in Philly)
The Pho we were extremely unhappy with, the broth had 15 slices of jalapeno pepper that completely ruined our palate for about 20 minutes. 
The staff was extremely friendly and knowledgeable. Our waitress offered to bring us something else, so we ordered the Mussels... 
Probably the best we have ever ordered... Had a taste of Tom Kha Gai soup and a healthy serving of the Mussels. 
Definitely will be recommending this place to friends.This place isn't real chifa and its a disgrace that they are advertising it as such. Unfortunately for the people who love this place they have never eaten real chifa and its a shame!Ordering is an art form. Seriously. Before I became a semi-adventurous eater, I was attracted to any dish that involved chicken or beef. Lame, right? Anyhow, last night at Chifa, my friends and I gorged on some crazy awesome dishes, and I proudly ate outside of my comfort zone. We sat in the back room where I felt like an extra on the set of Eyes Wide Shut...you know, in the scene with all the naked women and creepy monk-men with masks? Chifa totally has that vibe. The booth was cozy and I got to lounge on the pillow that cushioned my lower back. Nice touch.
The food: Everything was brought out in smallish bowls, but there was so much food, we were totally pleased with the portions. We had the lomo (beef and veggies), caldo (seafood bisque type soup), bbq ribs (there were no bones!) and chicken wings (no bones either!). There wasn't an unsatisfactory thing about our dishes. You'll also have to ask for more bread. It's unreal.
As for the cocktail, I got the Black Tea Sidecar. I'm a big fan of Courvoisier cognac (random, I know), but trust me, you can drink a gallon and you won't have a hangover in the morning. Promise. Anyway, I had to ask for an extra bit of simple syrup because the cocktail felt a little lacking in the sweet dept. I also think it could have used more lemon...I'm not sure if lemon was used at all.
Overall, outstanding time and great food.Overall the food was quite good. While the manchego cheese bread is a take off from other chefs, they are a good version. The service, however, is terrible and overpowered the positives of the food. In addition, the tasting menu was served very haphazardly and "wine paring" was false advertising. In truth the extras we ordered never came, dessert was not included in the tasting menu (??) and there was not even 1 wine per 2 dishes and even these were slow to come. For customers willing to pay for a tasting menu and ordering extras I would hope the service would be above normal for the establishment- the service was poor by any standards. 
While Tinto may not change the menu often, the service is reliably good and they do not offer things they can not deliver- like a wine pairing.Chifa was an excellent dining experience, and it was also a great tapas restaurant. I went with a large group of 9 people, and we all seemed to enjoy the entire dinner. The restaurant's idea to include a lazy suzy on the table made the whole experience much better, as any person at the table could grab what they wanted, and control whether or not they wanted to try a large range of plates, or just one plate.
Decor - (5/5)
Service - (4/5)
I ended up tasting these plates:
Dim Sum BBQ Ribs - (5/5) Flavorful, good sauces, perfect size.
Dim Sum Salt Baked Shrimp - (5/5) Fresh shrimp, good taste, fills stomach. Duck Noodles - (4/5) Good duck, decent broth.
Red Curry del General - (3/5) Good taste, very big and worthwhile, not a fan of crab in general. 
The only thing keeping me from giving the place 5 stars is the dessert, which I have not tried yet. I'll be sure to go back later this summer to check that out, and see if it is worth all 5. Please go here, you will love it.It was an OK experience. Went there for lunch. LOL, my friend ordered Pho A La Carte. It was the same size as mine! We were expecting it to be a little bigger than my since it's A La Carte! I ordered Express Lunch. I got to choice 2 dishes. While she paid $8 for her small size Pho, I got an extra dish for $4.50 more. Score! I got Pho and Red Curry. The portion size is on the small size. Pho was not bad. The soup had a clean taste, not much of beef flavor. Brisket was yummy. Red curry was OK. A lot of sauce, not enough rice. I think the sauce could have used a touch of lime juice or something. The sauce was one dimension. Doh, I should have went for Pork Belly Banh Mi after reading the reviews. I was eyeing on it but changed my mind last minute.This place has a great atmosphere for those who want to talk, and the wait staff knows the menu well. We ordered many things to share, all of which I would order again, but the pork buns were like eating a piece of heaven! I wish I could order a dozen to my house!' I went for a work dinner, and we were easily able to discuss business.Great dining experience.  The combination of Asian fusion and Peruvian cuisine was a terrific combination.  We ordered the chef and wine special.  The best meal was the sashimi and Segura Viudas Cava, from Spain.This place is awesome, and their lunch special makes it above and beyond affordable for your average grad student (that says a lot).  I stopped here recently for lunch prior to my big professional conference debut.  The salad w the edamame is above and beyond amazing, and the shrimp noodle bowl, with its toothsome noodles, is to die for.  I also really enjoyed the victory/garces collaboration for the hefeweizen - it counteracted the spiciness of the shrimp noodle bowl wonderfully
Only thing that drives me to a four? the waiter. He was clearly confused by my "gender presentation," so he abstained from saying "maam" or "sir" when I got there. he was perfectly pleasant through the rest of service, but I had to wait forever for a check (I was eyeballing him like a starving child eyeballs a scrap of food).  And then, AFTER seeing my name on the credit card (JESSICA), he comes back over, and says thank you again..SIR.  The fact that he yelled sir was just oddly irritating, and I'm not THAT masculine (androgynous at best).  Seriously, common wait staff courtesy - if you don't know the gender, avoid gender pronouns, or your tip may suffer. 
Food - 5; Gender queer awareness, 3 at best.  But definitely not a reason to shy away from this place.  Call me sir all day long if it means I can eat your scrumptious scrumptious food.After reading all the Yelp reviews, I decided to go to Chifa yesterday for my birthday dinner with my boyfriend. Peruvian-Chinese fusion sounds like an interesting concept, why not?
WHY, was the question I kept asking during dinner. WHY is the food so salty? WHY is this place so popular? WHY are the portions so small? WHY ARE WE HERE? 
We got the Chef's tasting menu because the menu was just too overwhelming. For $55, you get to try 9 dishes off the menu. Sounds like a good deal? Think again, the portions are bite-sized and many of the dishes I took a nibble and had to give up. They were just too salty to be edible. 
Out of all the dishes of the night, I would only recommend the Pork Belly Buns. Everything else was too salty or unimpressive. It definitely was not worth the high price tag. Actually, it is not worth ANY price tag.Snagged a last minute reservation on Open Table for 9:30 on Friday night.  The restaurant wasn't as busy as I thought it would be, but we were sat right away which was wonderful (and is probably why we were able to get a last-minute res).  We ordered the crab salad, wings, lobster bowl, braised beef fried rice, and duck tacos.  Plenty of food for 2 people.. we were full without being stuffed.  My favorite dish was definitely the duck tacos.  We'll be back!One of the few Philly meals where I said "wow" out loud more than once.
The duck tacos were my favorite ($9 for two). The very popular pork belly buns were also really tasty (also $9 for two). Yummy complimentary cheese bread, which definitely incorporates some sort of glutinous rice in its recipe. I also enjoyed a lot of the other dishes whose names escape me right now.
Awesome decor. Go during the week to avoid the crowds.
Service was with an attitude. A bad one. Given my group of 6 was alraedy paying 20% gratuity, I can sort of understand why that might happen, but it's still no good excuse for giving me 'tude!Yum! This place was delicious!!  A group of 6 of us headed over without reservations on a Saturday night, and were seated right away in the lounge area (which is downstairs, funky, and cute).  
They had such a fun cocktail list.  My friend had the Lima Bean fizz...which sounded super strange, but was actually unique and quite refreshing.  I had the Shellfish ceviche, which was absolutely delicious--filled with muscles and shrimp!  A friend had the conchitas which were fabulous and a definite must for anyone who goes there.  
The dessert menu was also fantastic.  I had the hazelnut mocha, which had a bit of espresso flavor.  Two of my friends got the root beer float, which was awesome! Who knew they could be so gourmet.  
All in all, we tried a lot of the menu and no one was disappointed.  Next time I am in Philly, I will definitely be back!I went with a party of 5 and we all enjoyed our time here.  I really enjoyed the ambiance.  Definitely try the chocolate and banana ice cream - delish!Usually go down to Philly once or twice a year (from NYC) and finally tried Chifa. Not impressed, the food was bland and seemed unworthy of such high reviews. The atmosphere was great, so was the service, but the food just didn't do any of it justice. Maybe we went on a bad day?Whoever said there were "pillows of pork heaven" here was right on target. 
Pros: Delicious small plates.
Cons: Pricey. But expectedly so.
Verdict: Winner for special occasions.I came here with some friends recently.  Unknowingly, we dined here for the first time the week they were about to close for renovations. So I guess my review some matter much because Chifa will soon be replaced by a Cuban restaurant.   But anyhow, I'll still review.....
Like Cassie stated, their ceviche was really fresh and delicious!  We had ordered the Japanese yellowtail Peruvian style.  Yellowtail is one of my favorite fish because its delicate texture pretty much melts in your mouth.  We order pork belly Bao which was okay.  It was over-sauced and the pork was a bit dry and tough.  The tofu Bao bun wasn't dry and tough but the hoisin sauce was way too salty and I'm glad the portion wasn't big.  The  yuca fries were perfectly seasoned and had a nice thin skin to it.  If you're looking for somehting light and comforting, their pork belly ramen.  
The wait staff was great, there was a nice asian influenced decor, and the food was nicely portioned.  However, at the end of the meal, nothing really stood out and really wowed me besides the Yuca Bread with Queso Fresco (Peruvian cheeseball-looking treats)  that were offered to us complimentary in the beginning of our meal.  They were the highlight of our meal.  The ceviche came second and everything else was kind of the same.  We all left feeling full and heavy with no excitement to really return.  Well, I guess we can't now since they closed.  
Thanks Chifa for a good meal, hungrily waiting for some Cuban food to take its place...Being Peruvian and seeing "Chifas" on every corner (just a peruvian term for chinese restaurant) I was instantly excited about this place.
Here's the verdict:
Overpriced, small plates of unspectacular food.
I'm giving the benefit of the doubt and going with 3 stars because 2 of the people I went with thought it was pretty good. I'm sure if you aren't Peruvian you will not be disappointed, though the price and portions problem is undeniable.Probably really a 3.5 total, with a 5 for their free cheeseballs, which is sublimely served hot with a sweet guava butter.  Seriously could have eaten only these for the meal.
On a visit to Philly to see a girlfriend and we were deciding between various Garces' restaurants - he clearly owns this town.  We opted for the fusion of Latin and Asian flavors, so Chifa it was!  
The decor is beautiful, dramatic and sexy with dark red overtones throughout.  Hostesses were friendly, attentive and very patient - they were dealing with a difficult customer who was being rude to them, but they took it in stride.  Kudos to them!
We ordered the Mizuna salad to start which had jicama and melon, with smoked almonds on it.  Very tasty and crisp salad to begin things off with.  Also ordered the duck taco, lomo and red curry.  Duck and lomo were well executed, cooked nicely, but nothing too novel in terms of flavor.  Mainly points off for the red curry arriving cold, it made the dish congeal in an unappetizing way.
Overall, pleasant enough and decently priced but not horribly impressed with the menu offerings - will try another Garces next time.I took my in-laws here for dinner and had an amazing meal. My husband enjoyed the chaufa a great deal. My father in law was incredibly impressed with his curried goat - he still talks about it. 
Last week we went back for Restaurant Week. Despite the long wait for our table (our reservation was for 8pm, we were not seated until almost 8:45), the food was excellent again. My favorite was definitely the simply named Shrimp Noodle Bowl - creamy and so flavorful. The pork belly buns are very rich - so the two per serving was perfect. Scallion pancakes are crisp and yummy. 
The bar area is much too small & in the way of tables & servers. I wouldn't go here just for a drink!Friends and I went here for center city sips and it was okay...came back for a friend's birthday (paid for by her parents, thank goodness) and we all fell in love. The buns + guava butter = heaven (literally) and it took willpower sent by gods to get us to stop filling up on those before our food came.  We got the tasting menu and they were so great about making sure they got all of our dietary restrictions (3 different restrictions amongst the 7 of us) and everything was literally amazing.  Would've gotten our leftovers boxed to take home if I didn't have to go bar-hopping right afterward.  Can't wait to come back!It was alright. The food was good - especially the pork buns! - but a bit overpriced in my opinion. And when they say small plates, they mean SMALL."Can I have some more?"
~ Oliver Twist
Went here with a couple of friends for lunch and I immediately fell in love with the decor. I was also very intrigued by the association and history between Peruvian and Cantonese cuisines so I wanted to try. I had the spring roll and tried my friends' pho and house green salad. All were good but left me wondering where the Peruvian influence would present itself in each of the dishes. I mean, compared to the dinner menu, the lunch menu is more heavily Asian inspired than it is Latin American, so I hope that maybe soon the lunch menu can be updated to reflect that. 
Service was great and the food and cocktails are too. However, the drinks were a a bit high ($9 for a well gin & tonic?) and the portion sizes are small. I was disappointed in leaving Chifa still hungry but what was also starved were my pockets so I grabbed a snack at home :-/ 
Like I said earlier, I'm looking forward to coming back because I still want to try the dinner menu and see if I'd like that better.Oh wow. I had been meaning to check out this place for a long time now since I am a tremendous fan of Peruvian food. One of my best friends is from Lima and he introduced me to Peruvian ceviche (which I have to admit, is better than Mexican ceviche), tiradito, lomo saltado and of course pisco!
Chifa is a type of cooking that Chinese immigrants created in the 19th century when they first arrived in Peru. They would try to replicate their recipes with the ingredients found in Peru. And to this day the style still exists and is considered to be very economical, like cocina economica.
Anyway, back to the restaurant. We came in with a tremendous appetite and wanting to try a bunch of things. We ordered the red curry with crab and eggplant, holy moly it was delicious! The lomo saltado, humita and Chinese pork. Everything was incredibly good. 
I had heard that the chef is a big fan of The Princess Bride, and he had a drink named after Iñigo Montoya. I've never seen the movie but I do know of a famouse scene in the movie with this character. The actor is Saul from Homeland, fyi. The drink is made of tequila, passion fruit and thai chilis. DELISH! The hubby went with a Cusqueña.
All in all, great atmosphere and wonderful food!I've been wanting to go here since they opened. For some reason, whenever I suggested we go to Chifa everyone shot me down. But finally my suggestion was heard! I hope when I recommend we go back, it won't take so long for someone to take me up on the offer. 
The most wonderful dishes were:
The Duck Tacos, just awesome.
The Chaufa with Oxtail, I was a bit hesitant to order this because I had never had Oxtail before, but after a spot on description from our server, I was convinced. It may be a bit salty for some, but in my opinion it was delicious.
The Ceviche, I believe we had Peruvian style, but I'm confident that all are delicious. Again, we had our server recommend her favorite style. 
The (complimentary) bread. Cheesy. Warm. Amazing.
The drinks, while tasty, were a bit weak. I was there to chow down, so I didn't mind. The decor is beautiful & the food delicious. Can't wait to go back!Despite the fame of Chef Garces, his restaurants have not convinced my stomach he is deserving of it.  They had an interesting draft beer selection and the food was okay; some good flavors but nothing very unique.  We had a good selection of the menu shared between five of us, but the only outstanding dish was the pulpo (octopus) and obviously as a tapas menu-barely satisfying unless we were willing to spend over $50 a person.  Although the food was okay, the service just nails it in the head that this is a place not worth going to.  The service was extremely slow with one tiny plate coming out every 20-40 minutes or more on a Wed night.  Everyone had the chance to have one bite until the next 20-30 minutes until another small plate came out.  In the end they tried to redeem themselves for apologizing for forgetting one of the plates we ordered, but it was too late.  I will never go back to Chifa.Food was pretty good, but didn't live up to the hype.  Pork belly buns were solid but had a little too much mayo for me.  Yucca fries were very good. The highlight was the cheesy bread puffs before the meal, but when we requested more we were told that it's only 1 per person.  We liked them so much that we offered to pay to get more, and they begrudgingly brought us out a 2nd batch (free of charge), but the waitress just made it a little weirder than it needed to be.Chifa is fantastic!  
The thoughts of their coconut jalapeño mussels and their tofu bun are still lingering in my head! 
The service was seamless and great, the atmosphere was pleasant and above all, the food was delectable!  Definitely going back!Lovely surroundings. Service reasonable. Food definitely original but overpriced and not that great. Yes, I know the current approach says dishes must appear as they are ready, but when five hungry people are at the table I think there should be some attempt at coordination. Being trendy will only get a restaurant so far...I expect a little more from a Garces restaurant. I want to give it 5 stars but I think it has some maturing to do.
The food here was way above average. However, I was having difficulty figuring out how it was Peruvian and Cantonese fusion. Was each dish supposed to be a fusion or is the menu a fusion of cuisines (i.e. some Peruvian dishes and some Cantonese dishes)? I don't know. I think pulling off a good fusion menu is a difficult task because sometimes creativity on paper doesn't guarantee success on the plate.
I went here for lunch on Friday, 12-June-09. The $18 menu is a bit expensive but the quality of the food justifies it. To no surprise, the hiramasa ceviche was incredible. You get lots of fish in this dish so you can relive each delicious bite. The chaufa rice was good but a bit too oily and unoriginal. The lomo saltado was good but I wish there was a way to keep the fries crispy in a lomo. The beef noodle bowl was EXCELLENT. I've never had short rib cuts that were that tender. Everything in the bowl just played off of each other. I drank every last drop of the broth right from the bowl. I don't care if it is not proper to do that, but I just wanted more of that flavor! I was a bit disappointed they didn't serve the bread at lunch that I hear so much about on this site. I guess I'll have to go back for dinner to see what its all about.
Im glad I don't drink liquor or mixed drinks because the drinks here are really pricey. I hear they are good though and they looked somewhat creative.
I think this place can improve to 5 stars because Amada and Distrito are so much better. I will return here for dinner some time soon.$65 tasting menu for a special occasion. got upsold from the $55 menu but we left feeling stuffed and happy! here's what i remember: 
*thai wagyu sliced steak over arugula (cooked perfectly medium rare) 
*swordfish ceviche with a side of cornuts (i'm a stickler for ceviche, and this was good and had a unique touch of creaminess) 
*duck tacos (fine, nothing spectacular) 
*spicy mussels in red curry (better than what you get at belgian beer places)
*black bean fried sea bass filets over rice (amazing! i would come back just for that!) 
*5 spice pork (also amazing as the meat falls apart and melts in your mouth)
*coconut panna cotta (my gf hates coconut but loved this)
definitely loud and sat basically rubbing elbows with the table next to us.  eh, but the food was good.  i'll be back when i feel like splurging again or maybe just for the 5 spice pork and sea bass.  i had a better experience here with the tasting menu compared to restaurant week menu at Amada (take from that what you will).  i think they have a happy hour.RESTAURANT WEEK MENU
Please, consider changing the menu! The food was so, so boring and mediocre. Everything looked as if a first year culinary student cooked it. Flavors were so BLAH. This restaurant does not resemble Jose Garces at all! Me and my boyfriend were thinking that he has let this one go. It's ashame b/c there was a lot of potential in what the food could have been. I guess its the restaurant week menu though, so maybe (hopefully) the regular menu is better.
Went on a Friday night. Me and my boyfriend ordered the:
First Course (4):
Peruvian Ceviche
- Was a good ceviche. Large cuts of a fish that resembled hamachi
Pork Belly Buns
-Good bun bread, mediocre pork belly. Something that you've probably tasted before, so nothing special
Marinated Olives
- Ordered this b/c Garces pickled dishes are usually very good! This was straight from a jar. Assorted sizes of olives, that's it. Very boring.
Spring rolls
- Terrible. Fried, soggy noodles and other stuffing. Looked like a amateur student made this. Was definitely sitting out, hence the sogginess
Second Course (4):
Fried rice:
-Typical fried rice. Looked better than it tasted. Very greasy.
Shrimp and Noodles:
-This was so weird. Very al dente fettuccine like pasta. Did not taste like rice noodles. Thick, heavy, bacon-like cream sauce w/ peas. UGH so weird.... 
Tai Sausage
- Typical sausage (boring), dry and barely warm when served. Served over a bed of something that tasted like rice pudding ?? Not good.
Chicharrones
-Pork was dry except for one piece. This actually tasted very good and was finally a cocktail of flavors you weren't bored over. Lentils were good. This unfortunately did not save the meal though....Excellent, excellent food. My favorites were the incredibly decadent lobster bowl, the humida (a vegetarian tamale with mushrooms), and the mussels in a coconut broth, but I wish I could have tried everything. Good service, too. Highly recommended!AMAZING!
chifa was one of the best meals i've had in a while. i'd rank it above tinto and amada in terms of garces' restaurants. 
the server suggested 4-6 dishes for two people, but since my guest and i are gluttons we ordered 7. as the server predicted, it was too much, but worth it to try everything/stuff ourselves silly. as others have mentioned, the pork belly bao buns were great, but i really loved the red curry (out of this world), the pulpo and the yuca fries. i also had a few of the ze pequenos to drink, which have thai basil in them. amazing. 
the decor is a little weird (we were sat near the front close to the bar at a giant table for only two people), but this place is a new favorite. i'll definitely be back soon.I had such high hopes and great expectations for Chifa and would have expected to be giving the place at least four if not five stars but there are definite issues with some of the service and food. I ate here last Thursday evening quite late. My friend and I arrived about 10:30 and were seated immediately. We were pushed the "three dishes for each" but knew that unless we were both starving (which we were not) it would be entirely too much food. I had some sort of variation on a sidecar with black tea which was "eh" and my friend had their Chinese 5 Spice Manhattan which was entirely too sweet and thick... I did not notice any exotic or unusual ingredients in these cocktails that warranted their high prices. The first of two highlights of the meal came next, the gratis cheese/bread puff things with an exotic butter that were warm, chewy, crunchy and and absolutely delicious. The scallion pancakes were heavy and not very tasty, the needed slightly more hoisin sauce and neither I nor my companion had any clue exactly what the purpose was or the reasoning behind the half teaspoon of cauliflower and candied cashew bits that was on the side of the plate. The red curry rice would have been delicious had there been more than an tablespoon of rice in the bottom of the bowl. Oh, and that rice should have been properly cooked, it was so underdone, if cooked at all that I actually chipped one of my molars on one of the grains. The Chinese broccoli was just plain bad... sticks and seeds in way too much oil... and it had so much promise as a simple side dish. We shared the 20 oz strip steak which came with AMAZING yucca fries, the beef was perfectly cooked but the accompanying sauce was much too salty. The chocolate hazelnut desert was blah and again sounded great but definitely needs to be reworked. 
I know that Chifa is not supposed to be Amada or Tinto but I would have expected so much more that what we received. I'll try it again in a few weeks but at this point I would rather go to Amada, Tinto or even Distrito any day.This was my first visit, but I'd suspect that any given night this place would at least be a solid 4 stars minimum. On this particular visit, it was nearly perfect.
My fiance and decided to be surprised and do the $65 chef's tasting menu along with the $35 wine flight. In short, the wine was maybe a hair above average but the food was exceptional. We had so many items where a plate of that item alone would have made for a great dinner. I believe we had around 10 different dishes. The only downside was during the first course the timing just so happened that every dish showed up at about the same time. No worries, they were all really good.
Items that stood out were:
-Peruvian civiche
-pork belly bao buns
-Swiss chard (came out with fingerling potatoes and steak)
-empanada
-bbq ribs
I tend to walk away with a little skepticism where I wonder if what I just had was really worth the price, but this was completely, spot-on worth every dime. To be fair though, I think the fact that we had such a cool variety of foods is what really made it. It wasn't the food alone but the experience of variety of an exceptional quality that did it for me.First thing I learned about Chifa: you can't try to book a reservation on Friday for Saturday and be successful.  However, if you go early enough in the middle of the week, you can be successful.
Another point I have to make is that I think this is yuppified Peruvian food.  I've had Peruvian food that's a lot more earthy and very flavorful.
I went with a friend and we decided to order a few dishes to share.  We ordered the Peruvian ceviche, which was a really good.  The texture and taste of the fish was delightful.  We also ordered:
- duck bao buns - this dish was a re-imagined bun, more of a bun sandwich.  It was a little small, I wish it was larger.
- crab empanada - also good.  A nice twist on an empanada.
- chaufa - I thought this dish, though good, should have had a little kick to it.
Our service started out great, but our server kind of forgot about us towards the end of the meal. I don't know if he was getting busier, but we had to flag down another server to get our server's attention.  The manager was also attentive, which made up for any lack of attention.
Overall, I would go back and try a couple of different items on the menu.Menu is just the right size. ^-^ but to get full, each person should order 2 things from the menu. The menu changes from time to time. 
I came here twice, both times were wonderful experiences, both times with 3 other people. I wish this place was in NY.  The waitors are attentive and are very nice. 
Asian Latin fusion!  Their Peruvian cheesy breads are soooo good and they are on the house, we had three baskets worth :D! The mussel dish is the BEST!!  Yucca fries is a must try. 
I prefer sitting on the first floor rather than in the basement. It is more quiet upstairs and the decal is more grand. Make sure you make reservations or be prepared to be on an hr wait.I had the chefs experience with many different tasty dishes. Trust me, you will not leave hungry. I had to give away one of my dishes away.  The chef has some of the most interesting parings with the good wine advice from the bar tender was an evening to remember.What else can I say that hasn't already been said about Chifa? Amazing tapas, Very friendly staff, great ambiance. I've eaten almost every dish they have on the menu and they're all fabulous. 
Do yourself a favor when you go and ask for one of the Jose Garces loyalty cards they have. They're free and for every $250 you spend at any of his restaurants, you can get $25 off your bill. It's not much but its better than nothing. I was gonna spend the $250 eventually anyway. 
The only negatives I might have to say about this place is that some of the rice dishes are just ok for the price, and sometimes the food is somewhat overly salted. Not always though, the dishes vary just enough from visit to visit to keep it from getting boring. 
I can't get enough of this place, I'll be back again soon, no doubt.Every course in the $45 tasting menu was fantastic.  The bread was amazing to start.  The ending dessert was perfect.  Our fabulous waitress asked if we had any dietary preferences and I requested low sugar.  My husband and I were wowed with each dish brought out.  We loved the pork belly buns, the spring rolls etc.  The meal was a feast for the senses.  Service was also excellent.Went with my parents, sister and boyfriend.  We had a wonderful evening.  
The fantastic, very informative server was very helpful with my mother and father for ordering tapas.
The drink menu and especially the drinks were all excellent.
The food was well above par except for one or two dishes.  Oddly it was the later dishes that we were not a fan of... the earlier app dishes were very tasty!!! Esp the Buns (duck and pork)!!!!!!
But as it was a tapas place, and we ordered about 15 dishes... having only 2 dishes below average is pretty damn good!!!!A good friend took me here for my birthday (thanks Jeff)! It was great! 
We opted for the $65 per person tasting. It was a fantastic choice that let us sample most of the delights that Chifa has to offer. Each of the more than 12 tapas we sampled were delicious, with the exception of the Yu Choy-garlic chinese broccoli-which was way, WAY too garlicky for me. The butterfish ceviche was a definite highlight!Chinese Peruvian fusion...the tasting menu for restaurant week was soooooo good. Only thing I don't recommend is the "deconstructed tamale" not sure what the dish name was but you can tell from the description.  Get the pork buns and the short ribs... Tasty. The restaurant itself is pretty cool... Each table almost feels like a semi private room with the curtains and setup.  Server was good and the food came out quick... Definitely check it out.I would rather give a 2 1/2 rating only because of the portion size for the money.
We were downtown close to Chifa so walked in for lunch. Only 4 people in the restaurant at 12:30, but maybe the heat is causing people to stay at home.
I had the duck salad which was very good, but it was REALLY small .
Now, they do offer an express lunch for $12.50 and you get a salad and another choice. The edename salad had a nice spicy dressing and the sausage with fries was good. The fries were the best part of the 2 meals, they are so light and crispy and come with a great dipping sauce. I would go back just for the fries, they are that good.
Waiter was very good and can't complain about anything but the portion size of the duck salad. Being a Garces restaurant, he has the formula down and his food I think is better overall than the Starr places.
Would probably try it for dinner. If you do go for dinner, request that you sit in the back of the restaurant.Amazing menu! Tons to choose from and it's all delicious! The shrimp and noodle bowl is to die for!First off, what up Iron Chef Garces...big fan here (well, I guess big fan of food, in general).  
Anyway, came here on a Tuesday night around 8:45pm, and got seated in the back...it wasn't crowded, which was expected for a late Tuesday.  Noticed the ambiance was modern, dim, and cool at the same time. I enjoyed the seating arrangement and having pillows to support my back.  Since we wanted to get a flavor of everything, we opted for the tasting menu ($55).  There were three prices for it, so we went with the middle ground.
Some of the most delicious bread with a spicy guava spread was quickly brought to the table.  If I didn't know another 9 dishes were coming, I probably would have had the bread alone for dinner.
I'd consider this an Asian-influenced tapas restaurant.  Here's how the menu went down:
1.) Peruvian ceviche - light, refreshing, and flavorful; it was paired on the plate with something reminiscent of cornnuts
2.) solterito salad - probably the most underwhelming dish of the night, but you could tell it was fresh
3.) Ecuadorian ceviche - my preference was the Peruvian, but this included shrimp and avocado, which i'm a fan of
4.) Crab empenada - fluffy crust and the red pepper juice was a nice touch
5.) Chifa mussels - my favorite part of this meal!  reminded me of a Thai curry sauce.  thank god they added bread so i could soak up all the sauce after we were done
6.) Pork belly bau buns - delicious buns with a ton of flavor...as others recommend it, I would as well
7.) Spicy Cantonese eggplant - as the name suggests, it was spicy and it contained eggplant.  
8.) Chinese 5-spiced smoke pork - this bad boy was huge!  anything on their specialties comes as a meal, and this was meant to be created like a taco. by this point, we needed to start wrapping things up so we could save room for dessert.  i thought it was a little dry, but the different sauces (hoisin, sriracha, mayo) add some kick to it
9.) Chocolate cake - thankfully this cake was fluffy, and not too rich; topped with a delicious banana-stout ice cream
10.) Coconut panna cotta - a light and wonderful finish to a great dinner.
While I was suspicious of a Peruvian-Chinese restaurant, the fusion worked well and I was definitely not disappointed by the Iron Chefs array of flavors.  Would definitely come back to try another tasting.Visited Chifa for the first time on a Friday night as a party of four. Two of us sat at the generous bar and ordered a round of cocktails while waiting for the rest of our party to arrive. I ordered the Summer Cooler - gin, cucumbers, cilantro and wild elderflower liqueur - which was a delight and lived up to its name. 
The menu is mainly small plates. The official suggestion is three dishes per person. Our party was made up of four very healthy eaters we thought we had erred on the side of caution, ordering two dishes per person. By the time the final dishes arrived, we all looked down at Humita and Chicharrones with sorrowful eyes, completely unable to enjoy them we were so full. 
Standouts where the Ecuadorian ceviche, mussels, red curry and the pork belly buns. The yuca fries seemed like a good idea at the time, but the fries took up way too much critical stomach space, so, though tasty, I would avoid ordering these in the future. I'll make it a point to delve more into the "cold" side of the menu next time I'm here. In general, take the opportunity to be a bit more adventurous here than you normally would be - you won't be disappointed. 
Service was above par and the atmosphere of the bar and dining areas was vaguely exotic and elegantly lit. If you checkout the restaurant's website, pay attention to the music that plays - it sounds like the place feels. 
Chifa's a bit on the pricey side. With about two dishes and two drinks per person - the bill came to about $60 a person (with drinks at $12 a pop, things really start to add up). A treat for sure - but perhaps not for the wallet.Food was generally flavorful, but nothing extraordinary. Ribs extremely lacklustre. The pork carne dish tasted like overcooked brisket.  Overpriced for small portions.   Each small dish served individually, so it was essentially tag team eating as time was spent waiting for "your " dish to come out.  Did I say "overpriced "?  The word "pretentious " kept coming back to me throughout the experience.Loud, which detracts from the dining experience. Lots of young people milling around  the bar drinking and talking loudly in the same area where one is trying to have a leisurely dinner, which detracts from the dining experience. Pacing was not great. We asked NOT to be served until we were 1/2 way through cocktail, but they served us food as soon as we got martinis. Food was average - nothing special. Red curry was exceedingly mediocre. The bread was very good. I probably won't be back.Chef Jose Garces has produced a number of restaurants in Philadelphia, some of which I would say are my all time favorite places to dine. When I noticed that Chifa was participating in Philly's Restaurant Week I immediately made a reservation for the first night, eager to finally try out the fourth (and final installment) in his line of restaurants, this one a Peruvian/Chinese fusion that just begs to be explored.
My bf and I arrived for our 6:45pm Sunday reservation and the place was PACKED. It was quite surprising to see a restaurant so full on a Sunday night at all, but I guess this is what promotions like Restaurant Week are supposed to do. We were immediately seated in the front room, and almost right after we sat down a waitress approached us and asked who ordered the empanadas. We laughed off the confusion (hey, I would've taken those empanadas if they were just handing them out), and after she left our waitress came and took our order. Even though Chifa is a tapas style restaurant and the whole point is to share the plates, I told my bf to choose what he wanted instead of us ordering all together since the Restaurant Week menu gives you more than enough food to satisfy - and he loves red meat, so I couldn't deny him that experience. 
However, after our first little confusion it became clear that Chifa was not fully prepared for the amount of people it had to accommodate during the first night of Restaurant Week. Our waitress came over to ask how our food was - but we hadn't even been served yet! The dishes came out in spurts, I guess based upon how quickly the kitchen was doling them out, so while overall we managed to both have dishes at the same time, towards the end there was a period where my bf had a dish but I still hadn't received one, and didn't until he had finished his plate! Worse, dishes that should NEVER wait to be served came out late, so our dessert was partially melted by the time we got it (I was so confused by the lack of espresso granita, until I noticed the water on the plate...). 
Despite the poor service, the food was fantastic. I ordered two ceviches: the oyster (which had more oyster in it than I was expecting - AWESOME) was good but the 'leche de tigre' and lemon espuma were both a little sweet for me about halfway through; the peruvian one with corvina was fantastic and quite big, the spicy mayo on top was the perfect addition. My bf also had the oyster ceviche (loved it so much he finished mine off!) and the pork buns, which he said was the second best dish of the night. The best dish we both agreed was the chupe; spicy, tangy and the seafood was cooked to perfection it was unbelievable. The one bad thing is that its clear you get served from a large pot since we both had a few things the other was missing (I had no scallops, he had no potatoes - GRR). He also had the bbq lamb which he proclaimed very VERY tender and literally picked those bones clean. The aji mushrooms I was surprised to find had a puff pastry on top - and boy was it GOOD. The mushrooms were delicious and in this creamy sauce with little tofu bits everywhere, but it is FILLING. I could barely eat more than a few bites before I had to push it over to my bf. The dessert, their chocolate mocha thing, was good but nothing really special. Possibly the delay that resulted in partial melting ruined it for me, but its also that type of dessert EVERY restaurant offers. Good, but nothing fantastically amazing. 
Chifa certainly offers fantastic food, but if you're going for Restaurant Week be forewarned: you aren't the only one. Hopefully, after their first night, they've fixed all the issues (we weren't the only ones who had service problems - both tables next to us had complaints), but this is sure to be one of the most popular choices this and next week. With reason, of course.I don't know how to describe it. Chifa and I just can't get along. I don't like the decor, the food or the price. The service is okay. The people working there are very nice and helpful so that's why it's 2 stars. If you want to try it, do and be the judge. As for me, Chifa and I are pretty much done.I feel like I've said it a million times and I'll say it here again: you can't go wrong with Jose Garces for restaurant week. Sure, the staff may be a little frazzled and the meal pace probably will not be perfect. However, you are guaranteed to walk away full, satisfied, and in a sort of food coma for at least a day. 
The space at Chifa is dark with bold splashes of red. We got to sit at a round table with a heavy bead curtain, with a good view of the ceviche station.
I can honestly say the food was unlike anything I have ever had before. I have become a little difficult to shock when it comes to food, so it was a joy to be experience new flavors and be inspired by them. So here are my picks:
- The Oyster Ceviche was great, the fish was fresh and not  overpowered by the sauce.
- Pork Belly Buns! Have you heard enough about these yet? Ours were served last out of all our savory dishes because the demand was so high, rightfully so. These were my favorite bite, it honored the fatty, rich glory that is pork belly. 
- The Empanadas were lovely. I'm super picky about crab, but it was definitely fresh and properly prepared. 
- The Chupe was insanely good, definitely my #2 of the night. It was spicy, rich, perfectly seasoned and the seafood was not overwhelmed by the incredible broth. They dropped an egg into the middle of the bowl, as if it wasn't decadent enough.
- Finally, the Shrimp Noodles, which was basically the same as the lobster noodle dish on the regular menu, except with shrimp. The noodles were definitely fresh and al dente. It was such a rich dish due to the bacon, parmesan, and cream sauce. Thank goodness for the peas, which made it healthy, right? Right?
Out of all of Garces' restaurants, this one is at the bottom of the list for me. But then again, the man is still my favorite local chef and he hasn't burned me yet.My friends and I decided to kick off restaurant week at Jose Garces' Chifa, and what a great decision that turned out to be! We were seated immediately in the back room, which is sort of dark and mysterious, but it definitely works. 
In my opinion this is one of the best deals you are going to find during restaurant week. Since they serve tapas, each guest gets to choose two tapas from the first course, two from the second course, and a dessert. We had more food than we knew what to do with! 
For the first course I chose the Soltertito Salad which consisted of edamame, tomatoes, beans, and queso fresco. It turned out to be the perfect summer salad! I also tried the Peruvian ceviche, which I really enjoyed, but it was too much for me to eat by myself. With strong flavors like that, I would have been better off splitting. For the second course, I ordered the chicharrones with curried lentils and the shrimp noodle bowl. Both were excellent but the chicharrones were the highlight of the meal for me! Wonderfully fried bits of pork, served over a sweet and spicy curry... perfection! 
On the other hand, dessert did not wow me. We all ordered the chocolate cake, and it was just ok. I think I would have been really disappointed if I had paid full price for it. 
We also ordered the pitcher of sangria at the suggestion of our waiter. It was excellent... not to sweet, not too wine-y. If your waiter suggests the sangria, I suggest you listen. 
The staff was fantastic--and really attractive I might add--and went out of their way to accommodate my friend's food allergies. We were very pleased! 
Overall, I thought Chifa was great... one of the most interesting and diverse meals I've had in quite some time.Perfect place for practically any occasion: hot date, birthday party, girls night, you name it.  The decor here is beautiful and sexy, the vibe is intimate and fun at the same time.  
I love the unique small plates here.  Having been to one too many spanish tapas joints, I find it refreshing to sample Asia in tapas form.  Items I recommend: pork buns (duh), scallion pancakes (much better than I would've imagined), and the peruvian ceviche.  And what I didn't love: Chaufa (this is basically a boring fried rice).   And I do agree with Caroline C. - there's not a lot of true fusion going on here, but I'm actually OK with that. 
Overall, great spot. Garces does it again.Chifa confuses me. Honestly I find the concept rather bizarre.
One thing about Latin America is that it gets a lot of its exposure to the rest of the world through the US. This is true of TV shows, music, fashion to an extent - and it is also true of food. Now I have never been to Peru, but I have been to several other Latin American countries, and it seems like the Chinese food there is really the Latin American rendition of the American rendition of actual Chinese food. It's kind of like playing "Whisper Down the Lane" - even though the phrase might still be entertaining as it gets passed down, it's nothing at all like what it started. (and let's be real, not many people actually like American Chinese food...)
So developing a high end restaurant on the basis of this food that has been reinvented several times (Garces' take on Peru's take on America's take on Canto food) seems a little strange. That being said, some of the food is quite good. The pork belly buns are probably the best thing on the menu (though the ones at Tyson Bees are cheaper!), and the humita and yucca fries also struck me positively. The ceviches (Ecuadorian and Peruvian) are pretty good but don't hold a candle to Alma. There are other things that are fine (lobster bowl, mussels), but many dishes have that characteristic "sweet and sour" spin that is pseudo-Chinese and is my least favorite flavor in the world. In general, there are just too many dishes at other restaurants to compare Chifa's to, places that specialize in a particular cuisine instead of trying to incorporate too many all at once. It is strange to see things like pho and red curry on the menu, dishes that are of neither Peruvian nor Cantonese origin, and as such, turn out pretty unimpressive.
There are some fusion restaurants that get it spot on, incorporating just the right aspects from each cuisine and blending them in a beautiful harmony. Unfortunately, I think Chifa is still a little bit confused itself.
Positive notes: 
1) You WILL get full (not always the case for tapas type places)
2) $45 for a tasting menu could be a lot worse!All hail Iron Chef Jose Garces!  I made a same day reservation - dinner for 2 at 9:30 on a Saturday night.  Top notch atmosphere, seemingly effortless service and bold food.  If you read nothing else, know that they are selling autographed copies of Garces' book Latin Evolution for $35 (what a steal!!).
We sat in the front dining room - cool yet dark in its color scheme, with shutter-lined walls for added perceptual depth and large high metal ceiling fans spinning slowly overhead.  I love the contrast between this room and the warm reddish-orange glow of the back dining room (mostly for larger parties). 
Francesco was one of the best waiters we've had in a long time!  At once his friendly disposition and knowledge of the menu made us feel at ease in his capable hands.  He informed me of special vegetarian options (tofu buns & red curry without crab) and made excellent drink recommendations (white sangria with heavy orange flavors for my date).  
Of the many dishes we ordered, the Red Curry Del General and Arroz Con Pato were our favorites.  Both portions were fairly large.  Only the Chupe was disappointing.  It had a slow poached egg inside which gave the dish a runny consistency - something that my boyfriend didn't enjoy.  The Yuca fries would make a great bar food, just be sure to stir up the dipping sauce in the bottom of the cup.
In general the dishes were mildly spicy, surprisingly sweet, less salty than Tinto and larger portions than Amada.An excellent and fun meal, you must go with adventurous spirit, and in the mood to throw caution to the wind and try new things. We went with the chef tasting menu, largely because it was difficult to make decisions and we did not want to limit ourselves to the safe selections. Although there were a number of things on the menu that did not sound good to us, we declined the very nice invitation from the server that the chef would refrain from certain selections at our direction. We let it ride, and what a good decision that turned out to be. The first entree item was high on our decline list, were we to have made it, and it turned out to be one of the highlights of the production (pig belly something), which had many highlights. Neat food, and a fun dining experience amongst friends. 
Service was very good, knowledgeable and attentive. We definitely overstayed into the late night, and they were very cool about it. 
The decor is perhaps where there is some challenge. There are some nice design touches, like Chinese porcelain, the warm lighting in main room, the cool chef's station that pops into the main room, the many booths that have a private feel to them, and the community dining area. However, some of the decor elements are a bit cheap looking, and the whole decor in the front and middle areas is too bright and, sorry to say, cheap looking. Also, in stark contrast to the nice, intimate dining areas of the main room, the front area is table after table right on top of one another, which is fine if you are at a byob on the cheap, but unacceptably too tight and awkward at the prices this place is charging. Definitely go for the back, if possible. 
The decor is really the only reason it is not 5 stars. Would have gone 4 1/2, but just can't do 5, with that weird front area and some of the odd design features.I'm a big fan of the Garces Restaurant group - and Chifa definitely doesn't disappoint.
When we came to Chifa, we both got the $45 tasting menu. If I were just ranking on the food, it was perfect. A very good mix of flavors, the fusion was very well played, and everything went well together. 
The cheese bread was delicious and was served with this guava spread, the fish (red snapper, I believe) was crisp and buttery, the ceviche was well blended, and all of the flavors worked very well together. The pork buns, of course were very tasty. The sangria, however, had way too much ice in it - we got a pitcher and I felt that all I kept pouring in my glass was ice. 
The food was also served at a strange pace. At one point in the beginning we had absolutely no room on our tiny table and I felt a little rushed. Then, there was a short (welcomed!) break between the first courses and the second courses. The second courses were brought out at a much more reasonable pace and our table was no longer overflowing.
Overall, I had a great time.Really good. Kinda unusual fare. Chef Jose Garces has delved into Chinese/Peruvian fusion. Didn't know what I was eating half the time. Pricey. Wouldn't go there every week; his other places are better.
Decor is dark and modern. But another place with the tables too close. The woman at the next table leaned over to go into her handbag and almost boobed me in the head.I found this restaurant to be fantastic.  The food pairigs were amazing.  I found the combonations to be so enjoyable...salty, sweet, spicy, crunch, soft....wow!  
I found it to be worthy of 4.5 - 5 stars, but there were 2 tapas dishes that I found less enjoyable (1 had too much soy).  However, I spoke with the waitress who stated  was new and asked for our opinions and said that she would pass it on.I didn't feel that this place lived up to the hype.  The food was good but not amazing.  We shared the pork belly buns (um, like ribs chopped and stuffed into plain bao) and peruvian ceviche (this was the highlight of the meal - perfectly fresh, creamy, and accented with sweet potato) for the appetizer course.  I got the parihuela, which I suppose is the Latin version of bouilliabaise (w/saffron,, of course).  It was decent but a tad on the bland side.  I sampled the smoked sirloin, which was better, with a delicious miso butter.  It was also generously sized.  The lychee sangria added a nice touch to the meal.  Overall, a decent experience but nothing spectacular.First time I was here, during restaurant week and I had a fantastic meal. Food was fantastic, service was fantastic and the atmosphere was fantastic.
The small plates kept coming and I just didn't want it to end. The food was great. I had oyster ceviche, shrimp empanadas, short rib soup and a passion fruit/coconut ice cream dessert.
Food was great and I was impressed by how amazing the food was even though the restaurant was packed! How they were able to keep the quality was impressive.
The only downside was that our waitress didn't know what a vegetarian was.
Would go back again there was so much food that I wanted to eat