So I had the brilliant idea of making a reservation for a good friend and myself on a Sunday evening at 6:45. When we arrived we were told that we would be seated about 20 minutes after our reservation time. The place was jammed packed, but i did not expect to wait an hour and fifteen minutes before we were seated! 
When we sat down, the waiter, a very young man, was pretty short with us. He served us cold sides, and then disappeared. Each and every waiter in the place was on their cell phones. I even noticed that his cell phone was in his hand as he refilled my water. A refill I had to ask no less than five times for! Here is the kicker. I went to the bathroom and there was not a single sheet of toilet paper nor was there soap!!! SO GROSS!!!!!
It's a shame, though,as the food was actually pretty good. They just need better management. I.e. Someone who is there and actually watching to see that his or her staff isn't doing their job. 
So not worth the money, trust me.This review solely based on their foods, drinks and services that they gave during my friend's wedding party.
First was the drinks/bar. It was good. Love it. Even though the situation was getting quite hectic, but I applaud those bartenders. They didn't get upset or anything. They served everyone quickly and without complaining.
Then comes their salad bar. They have good varieties. (I didn't go to Fogo yet. So I don't know if Fogo's salad bigger or higher quality or whatever. What I ate over there at Chima was good)
Next was the main menu. The meats. Don't judge me. That was the first time I ate at a brazilian steakhouse. The way things work was new, and I found it pretty neat. Their meat is delicious. I love it.
Excellent service too!
Overall, it is a new and satisfying experience for me. I'll be back for sure.technical review is 3.5 stars...  
went here for restaurant week... for $35 all you can eat is a great deal.  They give you a little card that you can flip for "go" or "stop" as the guys in pirate pants bring around meat on sticks.  i kept mine at go because i wanted to try everything!  there were definitely favorites and not-so favorites... 
LOVE:  the hugely stocked salad/soup bar.  great for getting started and all items were a nice compliment to the meal. 
LOVE: the appetizers that come to the table in tiny dishes.  i think potato puree, some kind of spherical meat thing(?) and something else.  all were AWESOME. i could have drunk the potato puree from a pitcher it was so tasty.  
DON'T love: my BF wanted to save room for the meats, and didnt eat much of the side dishes or salads... needless to say he was very sick the next morning and had to call off work. not sure if it was the lamb (we all thought it was a little funky) or if it was just too much meat for one person. 
LOVE:  the parmesan pork. my fave.  
DON'T love:  the bacon wrapped filet was under impressive. 
this place doesnt include dessert in their rest wk. menu... we did get coffee and desserts but they were a little high for what it was. i wish they had a coffee bar similar to the salad bar that was included in the price.  now, Chima is always all you can eat, i believe the normal price is $50/person. i would not pay that much for this place.  if you want to go, try it for restaurant week.I ate at Chima for the first time a month ago, and I think I'm still full. It was my first experience at a Brazilian steakhouse and my husband and I really enjoyed it. What's not to like about men coming around to serve you unlimited cuts of delicious meats? 
The atmosphere was bustling, but not distracting. Our server was running around like a crazy man and left us for a bit too long at the end of the meal, but he was very friendly. I don't even remember what types of meats I ate, but my only complaint was that the filet was very salty. I really enjoyed the sides, especially the fried bananas, which were amazing.
Now here comes my #1 issue of the night: the wine list. Very expensive. I was perusing the list at the bar while we were waiting to be seated, and seeing nothing less than $12 or $14 a glass. So I asked the bartender if they had a house pinot noir, which they did. Silly me for not asking what the price was -- it was $14! I've never ever been anywhere where the house wines were as much or more than other options on the menu. It's not even about the extra couple of dollars, it's just the principle.
Anyway, overall it was a thumbs up. I wouldn't rush back there as it's too indulgent to do very often, but I'm sure I'll go back eventually.Awesome cheese puffs & whipped potatoes. Great salad bar options; plus meat for days!Service is immaculate. If there's a cut of meat you want just ask and they will bring it. They are a step above fogo in my opinion for several reasons. 1)Free parking. 2)They have fish and other cuts you'll never get at fogo. 3) The tables are more spread outThe food was absolutely delicious. I was stuffed! All of the meats were cooked well and the wide variety of sides made the delectable food even more appetizing.  Love!One of the best all you can eat meat restaurants in the city, just make sure you are willing to spend over a hundred bucks for a table for 2Good Food, but Not Worth the Money
Chima is a Brazilian steakhouse, which means everyone pays the same price for dinner and you can eat as much as you want. You are seated at a table, and a waiter comes over to see if you want any drinks to start (the drink menu is on an iPad). Then he/she directs you to the salad bar to start. Then you flip over a car on your table indicating that you want meat and waiters come by your table every few minutes with long skewers of meat to ask you if you would like some and if you would like a piece that is more on the rare side or more on the well side. Below is some more detail on the salad bar, meat selection, atmosphere, and price. 
SALAD BAR: 
The salad bar was surprisingly expansive. They have everything from arugula salad, to salami and cheeses. They also had some fresh asparagus and beets, rice, and an assortment of cheeses. Everything was good but I would suggest not filling up on this stuff because the meat is where you get your real value. 
MEAT: 
The meat here is really the best part of the meal. The waiters walk around with different cuts of different meats and you can tell them if you would like some or not. There is a picture and description of each meat at your table so that you know what you're ordering. I thought the leg of lamb and the top sirloin were the two best. Everything is really nicely cooked and you leave the place pretty filled up. 
ATMOSPHERE: 
The scene here was probably not what you would expect from a Brazilian steakhouse. It is located in a very business-centric area and there was a pretty big crowd at the bar for happy hour (You can hear the music from the dining room). Everything about this place is modern and the tables are spread out so that you don't really hear your neighbors. But for me, it lacked any sort of charm. Not really a foodies' ideal place (even though I wouldn't say I'm a foodie myself. 
PRICE: 
This is the biggest problem with Chima and I why I couldn't give it anything more than 3 stars. Dinner costs $54 each! I don't care how much you think you can eat, you'll never make up that cost.  I came here with a gift certificate for one dinner and paid for my partners' food. If I didnt have the gift card, it would have never been worth it. If you dont have any gift certificates you are looking at a bill of over $70 each after tax and tip (not including drinks). With Philly being generally such a well priced city, the prices here don't feel worth it.Best meal I've ever had in my life.  Even days after the experience I am still raving About Chima and craving another visit.Lots of mediocre meat for a lot of cash. The coupon thru the end of august made the entire meal digestible.
If you ever been on cruise ship, this is it. From the decor to the gobs of mediocre food, this is a cruise on land. The only thing missing was the band and the rocking back and forth. 
Fago is better but Capital and Palm are hands down better than both. who needs all of the excess food anyway. If that is what you want, go to the Chinese Buffet on Columbus Blvd for a lot less.I went for Restaurant Week in Philly, and for a huge three course meal (including a salad bar) it was only $20 for lunch ! It's a great chance to try their food, at not such a huge expense. I would definitely go back and pay the regular price. The salmon with pesto sauce was so tasty and well Season ( I got mine cooked well done), and the creamy mash potatoes were delicious. It also came with a huge piece of chocolate cake. Amazing fun and great service!The food was great, but the service is why I am giving 3 stars. If they seat you in the back be prepared for a long wait or servers running out of meat because they served it to the tables closer to an entrance first. There were two parties of 5/6 right at the entrance of the room and all the meat was gone by the time they remember our party of 2 in the back. I would recommend getting a table closer to an entrance/salad bar if you are planning on visiting.Really bummed they closed for lunch on weekdays. I very much enjoyed the salad bar as a quick lunch option.the space is huge and beautiful. love the fire behind the bar. it was cold and crappy out. when we got inside it was so toasty warm and cozy. went for some meet n greet with our running group. they had aps for us set up in our own area. my friend and i were early. we went to the bar first. we were greeted with amazing service. jason behind the bar was soooo friendly and helpful. they gave us some foods to nibble on while we waited. they have $3 wines for happy hour. not the greatest grape. but what can i expect for $3. ended up getting a tasty bottle a little later. 
i cant speak about their reg menu. only the space and the service. i will def be back and send friends thru.Okay, I've never been to Fogo de Chao, so that means nothing to me.
I thought Chima was super fun and delicious. Let me warn you though: Having your card turned to orange (meaning you want more meat) is friggin' dangerous. Those guys in their little suits come around with huge hunks of meat on swords and they come flying. They're like vulchers in reverse. It's pretty awesome. I feel like they should have wheelchairs by the door to cart you out on after you've stuffed yourself full.
The bacon wrapped chicken and the lamb are my favorites along with the creamy veggie soup and the turkey spread.
A good time and great food. I dig it.Never been to a Brazilian Steakhouse so nothing to compare this to...that being said I thought the food was excellent and the service awesome. We had a drink first at the small bar and the drinks were fab. I would certainly return. Great experience.I've walked past this place a hundred times and was happy to finally try it.
They have valet on this busy JFK boulevard or you can park on the street.  Make sure you pay the meter enough money since the ticket agents stalk this block.
There is a nice bar area that would be great for an after work drink with a friend.
The main dining room is large and you can see many large groups come here to celebrate birthdays and such.
The meal comes with the salad bar.  The salad bar is amazing with a large variety to choose from including fresh mozzarella, rice and bean and salmon.  
There are plenty of choices of meats that come around to help fill your belly if you still have room after the salad bar.   I have to say I enjoyed everything except the Brazilian chicken.   It was a little hard for me.   There is a booklet on the table that shows you what is coming around.  I didn't notice it until after we were done.  Next time .. Next time...  
They bring an ipad around so you can see which dessert to choose.   It's a different concept but I guess they don't have to worry about dirty menus.
I had the Guarana drink which tasted like a cherry ginger ale.  I liked it.
We had dessert.  If you want something made onsite make sure you check the Brazilian items as some desserts are made offsite.   
I have to say we loved all our food and really enjoyed the atmosphere. 
They have a large selection of wine which you can see with the see thru the glass (see pics).
The rotisserie area has a see thru glass so you can see them marinating the meats and putting them to cook.  My son enjoyed watching the staff.
The staff was friendly and helpful.    
My two cons
  They really pushed the liquor (which I get) but it was to the point that it was a bit uncomfortable especially since I don't drink.
   They don't cater to picky children.  Kids are half price but it was still a waste my money.    He played on my phone the whole time and ate NOTHING!. It's annoying to pay $30 for a kid to eat nothing.    
 I wish they had a chicken tender meal or grilled chicken available for him.  
Will I be back?  YesThis is a great restaurant. The filet, house steak, and garlic steak are all very good. I went for restaurant week so the variety was limited. The fried bananas were also very good. The former salad bar was very tasty. The rice and Caesar salad was tasty. It was not too loud, so the atmosphere was pretty calm. The bathrooms were also nice.Not impressed at all, the 2 girls and the waiter for the tables were great I didn't like the hostess or her managers, they just kept staring at the table talking to one another like something was wrong which made me very uncomfortable. You can tell when someone is talking About you but what they should have been talking about was why they were still operating when the ac was not working right, the meals should have been discounted. The manager kept standing near the table and watching us until the bill paid, then poof he was gone no more to be seen that night. I will never come to this place again or recommend to colleaguesUsed to be a huge fan of Chima, but my last visit wasn't great.  To top it all the server brought the incorrect bottle of wine out and it was $200 way over the bottle we requested either he misheard or he scammed us. Will likely stick with Fogo when I'm in the mood for Brazilian.A friend and I wanted to catch some drinks and appetizers to end a very long day. We thought we'd try out the bar/lounge area of Chima. We were really surprised. First of all, Brian (our server) was extremely helpful in making good selections. He was attentive, good natured and a genuinely nice guy.
The happy hour specials were solid. 1/2 price drinks and apps. I had bacon-wrapped beef medallions and my buddy had pineapple/chicken skewers. We added several Caipirinhas and life was perfect.
We will be moving our office happy hours here.BFF's birthday, party of 5: Service was good by the wait staff. The salad bar portion was great, so many great things on the bar. But we also know, we are not here for the salad bar, amiright? Then comes the rodizio part of the meal which was in one word, blah... First off they just kept bring around the same... "chicken?"... and still, even after all "no's" from our table they just kept bringing more and more chicken. Again and again... REALLY? We asked several time for lamb and only came around once, not even enough for everyone at the table. I've been to other Brazilian places and have had much better meals with much better and more exciting choices of meats. I also feel that it was expensive considering we didn't even get our money's worth. Honestly, I had completely forgot about our our lackluster meal until I signed in to yelp and it reminded me to review! So in closing, it's kind of sad this part of the meal had been so poorly done, otherwise I would have given it a much higher rating because the rest of the experience was really nice. They even took a group photo of us, printed it out 5 x 7 and included it free of charge, which was a nice touch. I hope they improve their rodizio for others.My good friend was kind enough to pass on to me a 2 for 1 deal at this all you can eat meat fest. mmmm
First of all, I have to mention that it was VERY annoying to have to wait 20 minutes (yes, 20!!!!!) even after having made a reservation weeks in advance.  Seriously, people without reservations were seated much more quickly than we were .  We were about 5 seconds away from making a scene when we were finally seated.
Fortunately, our very nice waiter, Brian made up for our poor lobby experience.  The service was very attentive and accommodating.  We got 5 plates of the fried bananas, which are in several people's opinion, the best part of the meal.  YUMMY!!!!!  The rest of the food was very decent as well.  We tried (by our accounting) all 15 types of meats on the menu.  My personal favorites were the lamb chops and leg of lamb (no trend here hahaha ).  Some other favorites were the frank steak, chicken wrapped in bacon and ribs.
The "salad" bar was very good as well.  We enjoyed that everything was labeled so that we knew what we were eating.  This is all compared to Picanha, the other Brazilian steakhouse that we've been to.  Picanha has the reputation of being more authentic and a better bang for the buck.  Nothing I have seen discredits this.  Although there is a lot to be said for the cleanliness and the clarity of the menu and the labeling of the salad bar at Chima's.  I have to say Chima is a good experience if you can get it at a discount, but I personally am partial to Picanha's brisket and mmmm skirt steak mmmmm. *wipe drool* .  HahahaIncredible food. The Caiperinha was delicious. Highly recommend. Don't fill up on the salad bar before the meat gets to you. Also they bring you the less expensive meat first to save on costs, so if you want the better cuts like baby sirloin or filet mignon, wait for it, or ask a gaucho for the cut you want.Amazing. .. we arrived 30 min early and they 
Still accommodated us by seating us immediately. The service was impeccable.  It was fast friendly and clear instructions were given l on how to utilize the gauchos  (these are male servers who bring and carve the selections of meats to the table). But I'm getting ahead of myself. .. we started at the "salad bar"... this hardly describes the bountiful selection of unique salads including an endive blue cheese & pecan salad, cheeses,quality meats,  a seafood salad to die for and much much more.  The guality and freshness if all the items was most impressive.  Once we turned our coins over to acknowledge that we were ready to begin meat service the gauchos arrived fast and furious.  The selections were endless and flavorful and most cuts of meat could be cut to your liking. We all ended our meal with desserts,  I would recommend the passion fruit mousse with hot chocolate sauce. Overall. . Great dining experience for special occasions. .. EnjoyI have been coming here since  last year when  my friend took me to this place. I usually just Take the medium rare marbled steak .It's a great place for group casual dinners or so not so much on the romantic side in my opinion. They do have their on and off days sometimes they have good food and service sometimes it's just ehh. They do get rude at times specially when it's packed like I understand he stress but try to be professionalI had dinner last night at Chima and loved the food, atmosphere and experience. I haven't been to Fogo so I can't compare, but I've had my fair share of big city restaurant dining experiences and Chima definitely left a favorable impression.
The only thing keeping me from rating Chima a 5 is my lack of experience with Brazilian cuisine-- I haven't tried out too many other Rodizio places so I can't really judge if this is "as good as it gets".
Chima is a great first date place-- it's trendy but relaxed at the same time. It's fun to try out a variety of foods for just one price and the experience makes for great conversation.
Protip: Visit restaurant.com for a Chima discount gift certificate and save a few bucks if you're tight on money or plan to visit regularly and don't want to break the bank.Worst experience ever.   Worst service I've ever had.    Meat came around once every 10 mins.   Asked waiter 3 times to send someone over with food.     Forgot our drinks twice.   Complete waste of $500.   I will never go back and be sure to tell everyone not to go even if it's freeStopped here on Restaurant Week 2016 and it was pretty great! They gave a great selection of meats and poultry and the sides were just as wonderful! I also loved having the salad bar available all night as well. Definitely highly recommended!endless meat.... do i really need to say more?
much better than fogo, and cheaper.  try the brazilian beer... its pretty good. hint: skip out on the salad bar... it is really good, but don't waste your room.
make sure to print out a coupon online before you go!I guess this is rather unfair of me to review this place since I have actually been to the real "Brazilian/South American" steakhouses in our favorite continent to the South. With that being said, the meat was not all that impressive with the obvious cut being (& most rare to make the rounds) fillet mignon. Their only (& best part, in my opinion..) that makes it worth the expense is the salad bar. The selection & quality at the salad bar is unbelievable. I was more impressed by the salad bar then by the actual meat at an all-you-can-eat meat place. That's not such a good sign :\I ate here this passed Monday and I have to say is the best steakhouse in Philadelphia so far, the app bar is great the service is amazing and the meat is tenderlicious. Just don't ask for a specific expensive meat ( lamp chops) it might take a minute till you get it, other than that, everything else was great and I will be going backThe place is okay. It's a nice setting, but the food is mediocre. If you're trying to impress someone, take them somewhere is. This place is just a classy buffet with over priced drinks and food.We went to Chima during restaurant week. I was expecting a crowned, rushed restaurant with a loud atmosphere with tight tables and was completely surprised. We made reservations for 8:00 and were sitting down by 8:10 which was amazing. Tables are spaced apart, so i never felt as thought the people sitting next to use was ease dropping on our conversation. The salad bar is AMAZING! The food is even better. Our waitress was wonderful. She kept coming back to check us on and ask if there was any type of meat that we were still waiting to try. Dessert was amazing. I was so impressed! My experience was a 10 out of 10. I cannot not wait to go back!Words can't describe how wonderful this restaurant truly is.  Relatedly, I'm largely unable to speak when I'm at Chima, because I'm either salivating in anticipation of or enjoying the delicious wonders of this restaurant.  I've been to multiple Brazilian steakhouses in Philly and NY, and none can compare to Chima.  The variety in meat options is unparalleled, the hot chocolate cake makes me melt inside, and the waitstaff will treat you like royalty even during Restaurant Week.  Worth every penny, every time.Fantastic.  Waiter service (which pretty much is just to get your drinks, desserts and change your plate in between binges) is very fast.  The salad bar is PHENOMENAL, though very dangerous:  it is easy to imagine that no food could ever top this salad, cheese and carpaccio, but try to hold back on this course to prevent your stomach from bursting upon presentation of the meat.  In fact, it's a good idea to not eat for the entire day before coming to Chima for a late dinner (I'm not exaggerating).  The main course is to die for.  They have around 18 different types and cuts of meat.  The only drawback here is that the filet mignon is usually wrapped in bacon:  gross.  What is it with bacon these days?  Do we really need to put it on everything?Went with my husband for a date night two weeks ago.  Everything was great! Food was great, service was great, ease of getting reservations was great!  Also, offers a free valet service.  We will definitely be back.Orgasm in your mouth haha. Dont go there on Friday and Saturday tho. Too crowded and have to wait for a while for the meat!Loved salad bar. Quality and variety of steaks/grills are good too. Well-trained servers.Great location. I didn't have a problem with parking like I thought I would. We also had a twenty  dollar coupon from there website. The service was wonderful. 4 stars because the appetizers were not good.The food was very good, the servers were very informative for first timers. Will definately return!A great Brazilian Meat place
But I wouldn't put it on par as Fogo De Chao but in its own right it was great. 
The price difference is set for a reason, but food wise its great.
The meat is cooked well and the service is great. I always look out for the ribeye and the fillet mignon. Also the chicken is awesome. The sidebar always well-stocked with a variety of things that cut the richness of all the meet. I particularly enjoy the cheese and the asparagus. Also recommend to get the Brazilian ginger ale. I always make it a priority to get this because it's so good. There are moments when I got a piece of meat that was cooked more than I requested. But whenever I let the server know they would promptly change to another meet or get another server to come by. For someone who loves meat and it really hits the spot.Incredible service. Incredible. Never more then a second away and always there to assist. The food was also flavored well and cook to (your) perfection. Will certainly come back.There are two main Brazilian Steakhouses in Philly and this is one of them. Chima is on the corner of 21 and JFK and is a huge place (you can't really miss it). Inside is basically a couple large rooms with a huge salad bar (I would skip it personally.. it's wasted real estate if you know what I mean) with a modern feel. Staff excellent. Meat even better. It is pricey though so I would reserve this place for a special occasion.Restaurant week is the time to go. Great salad bar with variety. Only a few of the higher end cuts are excluded from restaurant week. Would return.I really like Chima. The service is always classy and attentive without being overbearing.  I don't eat mammals, but there is plenty for me from which to choose from the salad bar as well as ordering freshly cooked fish from their kitchen.  Absolutely delicious.  I do wish that they would add more choices for the salad bar, like Fogo has.  
 I also with they would have a wider variety of fish, instead of the usual salmon and tuna.  I would like to see them include any of the the following sustainable fish:  Abalone, artic char, barramundi, bass, branzino, capelin, sea bass, cod, smelt, sea bream, haddock, halibut, mackerel, mahi-mahi, mullet, perch, pollock, scad, seatrout, sturgeon, swordfish, tilapia and wreck fish.
  Their wine selection is excellent and their cocktails are always en pointe.All you can eat steak--- high quality meat--- fantastic salad bar--- great service--- hot Brazilian waiters. What more
could you want?
Don't go for restaurant week--- too crowded for them to staff adequately, and they don't offer the most expensive cuts unless you pay the normal price.We are from Chicago, so we're used to Fogo de Chao and Chama Gaucha. We see this place while driving by and thought "Lets try it." Fast forward to today, where we were glad to have come. 
First and foremost, the brazilian lemonade is AMAZING and you should definitely try it. The Summer Drinks are great too. My personal favorite cut of meat is the filet mignon. (Come on, who doesn't like filet mignon?) Its so juicy and tender and buttery to boot. Fried bananas are a little different from Fogo but amazing in their own right. Cheesebread is to DIE for. 
Finally, for dessert, we tried the chocolate coconut lava cake and it was the perfect way to end our dinner.
Our server, Carmen, was so attentive and utterly hilarious. She checked on us constantly, gave us tips on what to get, and was one of the best servers I've seen in a long time. The manager checked on us too, and was also nice. An overall great restaurant that you should definitely have a chance to experience.Brazilian rodizio type place.  Meats good and plentiful.   Service good.  However it's very expensive and overpriced,  at least for Philly.
  So wouldn't go back.OH Chima What Has Happened To This Place!!! 
I don't know what's going on with this restaurant, but service and Quality, has gone Way Down!!! Is it change in management or what???
Although the salad bar is great, people don't come to this restaurant to eat salad !!! The gauchos seem to be directed from the back corner manager as which tables to serve when , and when to stop serving particular tables. It is absolutely shady feeling!!!  
I have been here a ton of times and the last 4 times was absolutely sad!!!
First, you get your salad and start enjoying your meal with the apps that come to the table , the little rolls, beef balls , chicken salad and without even being asked and not even tasting them yet, they remove them without warning. I look around for a beef ball and they are gone... I ask the waiter and he says , "oh the appetizers " yes we took them and brought out the others , mashed potatoes, the fries etc.. so I told him to bring them back. It was as if it was a problem..,
Then as we are trying to enjoy our meal , it was like the gauchos again we're confused!!! Only asking some people in a party of 6 if they wanted the meat choices that were coming around. Not even going around the entire table.  Just weird... 
a lot of the meats were just not cooked properly... too done , tough file' mignon , etc...  and they just kept bringing this Parmesan Pork around like 8 times. Very little beef came around ... we literally had to ask for it , twice.... and one person in our party was asked what he would like and was told and waited over 20 min after telling 3 waiters the same thing. 
This place is no longer worth the time or money and needs to revamp its staff/ manager or whAtever the issue is here because too many people are saying the same thing. 
This will also be emailed directly to Chima restaurant management!! It's very poor service!!We tried to get reservations during restaurant week but they were all booked.  However the lady who answered the phone said we could have the same deal this week.  So we went on Monday.  Our reservations were at 5:30.  We met at the bar and tried their drink special of the day which was refreshing and strong. 
We were seated promptly at 5:30.  The place was pretty much empty at the time. Our waiter was extremely nice and our service was attentive.  The meat kept coming.  The reason we selected Chima over Fogo was one of the people I was with does not eat meat, and Chima offers swordfish and salmon.  I've been to Fogo 3 times, and I really couldn't tell any difference between the two places.
We all enjoyed our meal here.  I don't think I would go back and pay regular price at any time.  None of us eats enough to get our money's worth, but it was a nice, fun place to go with restaurant week prices.First, I would like to say I am huge fan of Brazilian Steakhouses. I have been to Fogo de Chao and Rodizio Grill, but Chima is by far my favorite. This is no exaggeration; I have been to Chima more than 15 times. For a while, this was my go to place for birthdays, bachelor parties, holidays (went there for Thanksgiving once) and just because the food and service was that good.
This place has something for everyone - a huge salad bar stocked with a variety of fresh salads, veggies and dinner sides, an extensive bar which carries some South American beers, and, course, a great selection of meats.  Two of my favorites include the pork and beef ribs, though the selection spans beef, pork, chicken, and selected seafood.  The staff is always helpful and they try to make your dining experience a pleasurable one.
I would recommend, taking your time and enjoying yourself and the experience. I often tell first timers to go in and take it slow. This marathon and not a sprint.Great food, good service and decor.  Good for a date or for a group but just make sure you are ready to EAT!  Went here for Philly restaurant week once, so we got a little deal.   (I think it was $4 cheaper pp).  Even then, it was still more pricey than other brazillian steakhouses I've been to.  I can try to understand the price if dining only for special occasions.
The salad bar and steaks were delicious and the place looks classy for an all-you-can-eat restaurant.  What really stands out is the salad bar that was well stocked.  I swear they had prosciutto when we went, and my hubby was all over it eventhough there were other things to eat.I have mixed feelings about Chima (and I'm mostly going to base this off of comparing it to Fogo de Chao). The glaring con is that every single piece of steak that I was served was wayyyyyy overcooked. I don't if it was the fact that we were there late on a weeknight (8pm seating) or what, but I ordered each piece medium and they were served totally brown and burnt straight through no matter what cut of beef. Given that Chima is a steakhouse, it's got to be much better.
The other meat types were more up to par. The lamb chops couldn't have been better, and the pork ribs were amazing. Also, the salad bar is definitely worth visiting even if youre there to stuff your face with steak; I think it's much better than Fogo's. There's a better variety of things up there, and the seafood salad is excellent. 
Overall, I'd love to give a better rating because of the lamb and salad bar, but you really can't overcook that much steak.Now, this is my favorite Brazilian steakhouse by far in philadelphia.  It is beautiful inside and the food is amazing.  Besides for the different cuts of steak they have, they also have a lot of fish and chicken options.  You definitely need to make reservations however.  They are always busy.  The salad bar is phenomenal.  Definitely try it out, maybe during Restaurant Week when it's $35  a person.To begin with, as is typical of any steakhouse, it is quite pricey for a simple night out. I went during restaurant week expecting that we were receiving a discount only to find there were hidden fees for selections we thought were included. 
The place is noisy and not conducive to conversation especially since you have a different waiter visiting your table every minute asking if you'd like a slice of whatever meat he happened to be carrying. This being said, there is a wide variety of different and delicious foods with emphasis on the different meats. Being the carnivore that I am, all the meats were tender and juicy. Just beware again, you have to be willing to pay extra for the good stuff (top sirloin, filet mignon). The salad bar was decent, but a limited selection compared to other steakhouses I've visited. 
Moreover, the decor is simple, but a little too crowded for my taste. And since there are so many tables, many times we had to flag down the waiter to get him to refill our water or we had to wait for him to get another slab of meat. You can't really blame the servers for they worked very hard to accommodate everyone but there were just to many people to manage.I just returned from dinner at Chima. We went on Valentine's Day so I expected it to be a little hectic and little bit pricier. It started out alright. Got our drinks. Wait staff was friendly. Things on the salad bar were too fancy or odd for my liking. We mainly go for the meat. That's where it all went down hill. My boyfriend and I flipped over our tokens and waited...and waited...and waited. In over half an hour, four members of the meat service team stopped by our table. During that time, I watched over six members of the meat service team walk right by our dining room area and not even serve a single table. I watched members of the meat service team serve tables around our table, but ignore our table. And one very special gaucho served my boyfriend in front of me and did not offer me any of the meat he was serving. I waited a little longer, hoping to get some service, but to no avail. At that time, I asked to speak to the manager. A blonde woman came over and I explained my frustrations to her. I told her that at that point, I honestly didn't even want to be in the restaurant anymore due to how upset I had become. She offered to comp our drinks and reduce our bill by charging me for "only the salad bar." After receiving our check and seeing the total was still $172.62, I was a bit shocked. I told our waiter that the manager told me that she would reduce our bill and charge me only for the salad bar. He looked the bill over and told me that the bill was reduced. Instead of $90 for the meat and salad bar, I was being charged $70 for the salad bar. I was becoming very frustrated and apologized to our waiter, telling him I know it's not his fault. He very politely offered to send the manager over. After about 5-10 minutes, and after seeing our waiter speak to the blonde manager I spoke to earlier, another person came over. This time a young man. He explained to me that my bill was already reduced and that the bill was accurate. I told him it was ridiculous. I explained to him that I had chosen Chima over Fogo de Chao for our Valentine's Day dinner and I was excited to come here, but after the service and the ridiculous cost for mediocre food and shitty salad bar and horrendous service, I would never come there again. The young man said that was fine, but that "unfortunately" the $70 was the price of the salad bar (which, by the way, I was told it was $70 for the fish and salad bar this evening). I will admit I dropped the f bomb a few times because I was so livid. We paid and left. We weren't offered the complimentary champagne that was part of the Valentine's Day package, btw. I liked the waitstaff, but the meat service and overall customer service of Chima in Philadelphia is an utter disappointment. I will not be visiting Chima in Philadelphia or any other Chima location again in the future and I recommend anyone looking into a Brazilian steakhouse seriously consider Fogo de Chao over Chima.We went last night for dinner to celebrate my son's birthday.  It was a great mix of meat, fish and vegetables.  The salad bar was top notch, which was a hit with me.  I like meat, but I also need my veggies.  They sat us on time, service and wine were good, and they served the birthday cake we brought.
The only suggestion I have is for them to please figure out a way to wrap scraps for people's dogs so they don't go to waste.  I know that people will abuse if you are allowed to take home at an all you can eat, but the waste is a shame.Probably 2 1/2 stars.
As I write this I have a 5 gallon jug of water handy. Why? Well, once you eat here with all the meat coated in salt you too will be drinking water, water , water.
Buffet is loaded with lots of goodies, but unless you want to pay $50 per person for salad then save room for the good stuff.
They keep bringing meat as long as you have room in your stomach. I guess if you're training for wing bowl this is the spot for you. The meats are very tender and, thanks to a ton of salt, they are all tasty. I really can't complain about the food , but there is just no way to get around all the salt.
Wines are pretty pricey, and we didn't have room for dessert.
Price without tip for the 2 meals and 4 glasses of wine came to $175 with tax, before tip. For that kind of money I would rather go to Smith & Wollensky or Barclay Prime.So.. restaurant week offerings are limited?
where was the baby top sirloin, filet mignon, filet mignon wrapped in bacon, rib eye, flank steak? 
Probably have to give this place another shot on a non-restaurant week day.If you are someone who LOVES to eat meat- than Chima is definitely somewhere you should come for dinner. At least once. If you are on a diet, this place is not for you. At Chima you come to eat..... ALOT! The dinner is a fun experience all together. First you stop by the amazing salad bar. With lots of interesting, gourmet selections to choose from. When you return to your table they have given you a chip, whih one red side and one green. When you flip this chip to green... Here come the meats! Guys that look like pirates stop by your table one by one with swords skewered with juicy meat. Just tell them how you like it cooked and they slice you a piece. Every cut of steak, sausage, lamb, bacon wrapped anything etc.. I tried was juicy and tender- cooked to perfection.  I know Chima is expensive but you definitely get your moneys worth in food. Yummmmmmmm!!Excellent service.  Usual wait time is less than one minute once you turn your card over. Salad bar is wonderful, but don't waste the food room...your paying for the wonderful meats. My favorite was the lamb and the salmon. You will live this placeI concur with John N's review from 5/10/11.
I've been to this place a few times, only because we had a bunch of coupons and I'm in a group that likes to visit brazilian steak house once every few months - strictly for the consumption of meat in mass quantity.
So, it seemed to be a cheaper alternative than fogo.
The food is good.  But, not great.
The atmosphere seemed ok - too industrial like.
The wait staff & hostess were super friendly.
Again, if you had to compare by food, and if you frequent brazilian steak houses only in a blue moon, fogo is a better option.This is an okay place for Brazilian food but I think a little overpriced.  I liked the salad bar as it had a good variety.  I loved the Parmesan cheese bread but didn't care for the breading on the fried plantains.  I liked the chicken and the filet mignon wrapped in bacon.  The lamb and the salmon were too dry.  And the croquettes were meh.  The waiters and waitresses were good and seemed a little disappointed when we didn't order desert.  And we never felt rushed.Anniversary dinner (during Restaurant Week- not too much of a discount, actually- $35 vs $44.50 - and they apparently have $20 coupons). 
Meats, as expected, were all very good, though noticeably salty (good excuse to drink :-)). Sides were just ok, except the killer fried plantains and the super-creamy polenta. Salad bar wasn't great - corn fondue and "white cheese" in particular. We didn't have dessert- we were nice and stuffed. 
Good service, even with a first-night server, though I needed to push my chip out extra far to get meats. Seemed a big see-and-be-seen spot, but still a pleasant place for an evening out.I dined here for lunch with a co-worker during restaurant week. It was my first time eating here and it will definitely NOT be my last! The service was really good and the salad bar was AMAZING!!! My ONLY complaints were the 1. The mashed potatoes, they were OVERLY smooth and there was something a little "glue-like" about them. I prefer that my mashed potatoes have...a little texture and chunk and maybe a little skin. They are after all..."MASHED potatoes," so...I don't really expect them to slide down my throat. When I eat mashed potatoes that are pureed to the consistency of cream of wheat, I can't help but wonder if they're instant, but...it could just be a preference thing. 2. The carpaccio on the salad bar...had absolutely NO FLAVOR. But with all of the other yummy options there...it wasn't that big of an issue. I just feel that if you're going to put up a dish, make sure it's good, or just leave it off. But I think maybe someone, somewhere realized it wasn't that great because when I went back up to the bar, it was gone and never came back out. 3. The grilled chicken that I chose for my entree was basic. It was literally JUST a grilled chicken breast...no sauce or anything. It was well seasoned and juicy though, so...I can't legitimately complain, I just thought it was a little boring. I'll know next time to order the salmon which actually IS served with a sauce. The chocolate cake was DELICIOUS!!! Overall, the meal was delicious and I had to unbutton the top button of my skirt when I left which is a sure sign of satisfaction, lol. I also liked the fact that I could eat out and have some healthy options available to me BESIDES just the proverbial tossed salad. I will CERTAINLY be back!I see that a couple dozen people have mentioned Fogo de Chao in their reviews of Chima and I can't help but do the same.  Fogo de Chao has set the bar for Brazilian style steak houses and that bar is set high.  Here's my quick run-down of Chima vs. Fogo.
Setting: Chima is very nice inside, but its more like a club type atmosphere and less elegant.  Still nice though.
Service: Great. Nothing special, but nothing wrong.
Salad Bar: Chima's is very different from Fogo's.  They have the basics like fresh veggies and cheeses, but then they also have hot foods like meats and rices.  My favorite part, and the part that I fell in love with about Chima is the variety of home made sauces.  They all have really nice and fresh flavor to them.  One in particular tastes exactly like A1 and was great with the steaks.  Huge plus!
Meats:  Almost the same selection as Fogo.  They taste basically just as good.  I don't know what but I just like Fogo's a little better.  The one part that Chima does have on Fogo is that they serve fish.  For many people this would be a huge bonus but I'm more of a meat man myself.
Dessert: Haven't gotten it, but with the money you save here opposed to Fogo de Chao you may be able to afford it and I'm sure it would be delightful.  
Overall this place is great.  The food is outstanding.  If you sign up for their e-mails you'll get discounted prices from 35-40 dollars a person for select nights.  Not bad.  That's about $15 less than the cheapest you'd get Fogo for.  
If you've never been to a Brazilian steak house, this would be a great place to start.  They are a tremendous experience and a great place to go and pig out.  Definitely recommend Chima, but know that you have other (more expensive, but probably better) options.Meat was alright but not worth the price tag. Some meats kept coming up way more than others.  Sides are meh. What really killed it was the service; at the end of the night, we paid in cash and gave a few dollar coins (thanks Patco, for giving me 15 or so as change). The waitress, Lauren, got an attitude and said that they normally round up the bill and don't accept "jingle jangle" change.  Anyway, the whole experience was underwhelming, and I actually left feeling upset at the service.  I would not recommend.  Plenty of other places to have a nice dinner for $100+ in the city.What else can I say from a guy who totally loves steak, but as much as he wants? That's what Chima is so good about is bringing in the authenticity of Brazil with their Gauchos making cuts on the meats.
I really love going with my family on those special occasions, and Chima is a great treat. Wonderful drinks for my parents to enjoy, but it's always a pleasure to come in for the meats, of course. Their selection from Ribeye, Top Sirloin (my favorite), Filet Mignon also wrapped in Bacon, and many of the others have the right amount of salt and seasonings to go into the overall taste makes me hungry for more. The salad bar is definitely worth getting to where they have salads pre-made such as the Caesar salad, and just some nice vegetables and fruit to add on right before or during the beloved steak feast.
The gauchos are definitely friendly and the give the right cook just as you ask and they never disappoint. My first time there I just thought too much about the steak, but having the gauchos be part of the customer service of the restaurant is comforting. The waiters a professional as always and they have that kindness that will always lead me back to Chima.
I love steak, and like I said, if you want excellent food with some nice wine selections and the steakDo you like endless amounts of Brazilian styles cuts of meat? Cause I sure as hell do. 
Came during restaurant week, which for $35 bucks is the best bang for your buck. 
We ate everything from flank steak to picanha to the salad bars. All the meats were juicy and have that fatty piece that makes the cravings even more high, where I'm dying for the next round of meats. The guys cutting up the meat come to the table and you can request how u like ur meat in regards to rare, medium rare, medium or well done. At the salad bar, they had smoked salmon, fresh mozzarella, creamy vegetable soup, prosciutto, and a long list of other great choices. Overall, the food was excellent and I'd definitely recommend. 
This place captures the dining scene of Philadelphia and the restaurant is located right off of market street, a great scene of the sky scrapers and it's not too far from attractions.
So your probably dying to hear...chima or fogo de chao? I'd say both are great and are very similar. Won't go wrong with either. I've had both and what separates each of them is just the names.Let me explain why the 1 Star. The service and food were really good. I was not crazy about the restaurant layout. It was ok. The Brazilian Steakhouse in Town Square, Las Vegas out shines by far. Dinner was great! There were 6 of us, and we valet parked. We arrived about 8pm and for three of our party guests this was a first time. Our tab including tip was $532.26. Which I don't remember seeing anywhere that they automatically add 18% when it is a party of six. And that's a shame, because we normally do 20% when we really like the service. Our Servers were great. (In the restaurant that is). As we were leaving I gave my daughter back her $100, which I folded and handed her trying to be discreet. She mistook the notion and handed it to the valet attendant. She assumed it was a dollar, each one of us was handing the attendant a dollar. This was not planned it just seemed to happen that way, even though he was already taken care of on arrival. We had given him a pretty substantial gratuity. We don't realize what happened with the $100 until the next morning. My daughter upset that she made such a mistake. We called the restaurant to explained to the manager what happened and hoping the valet attendant would be honest enough to  return the extra money! The manager told my us that the valet attendant said he never received $100 from us. That's really sad that he was not being honest. Needless to say, I will not go back and have told other family and friends about our situation and the outcome. So, sorry city of Brotherly Love, but I wish honesty could be added to that mantra! You get ONE STAR for lack of honesty. So I just told my daughter to think of it as a gift and perhaps this man really needed the money. We hope he put it to good use.So here's the deal.  We visited this place during restaurant week - yes, I understand that the crowd was probably much more than they were equipped to handle, but considering they do this every restaurant week, I would still expect better from them.  Our reservation was for 7:45 pm and we weren't seated until 8:10 pm.  OK, that's forgivable.  I'm not unreasonable.  We immediately headed to the salad bar, as we were starving.  Our "first course" of polenta, fried bananas and mashed potatoes didn't arrive until 25 minutes later.  Unusual, I thought, but they must be really busy (which they were).  However, come around 9:20 pm, we had only received two cuts of meat.  Interesting.  It also has to be noted that my husband is almost strictly a meat eater, so he did not fill up on the salad bar....so he was literally starving.  Finally around 9:50 pm, we complained to the manager that we'd only received 3 cuts of meat, despite being seated at 8:10.  She immediately went out of her way to make sure more came our way.  OK.  3-4 servers came rather quickly to our table.  However, after that, we again experienced long waiting times.  Ultimately, while I filled up on the salad bar, my husband left the restaurant mildly hungry (and he's not someone who eats a lot).  Given that it's restaurant week, but customers are still paying $35 a person, plus taxes, plus tip.  That's a lot of money, because our bill ultimately came out to $53 a person (regular dinner price is $54).  
Pros:  The food is good.  The waitress brought our dessert very quickly (also very good), a very kind manager who did her best.
Cons:  Terrible service, terrible "self-tipping techniques" (a VERY generous tip was automatically added to our bill, despite them not deserving it!), terrible wait times.
I've been to MUCH better Brazilian steakhouses.  Don't waste your money on this one.My friends & I were excited to get a chance to eat here since it was restaurant week. While we thoroughly enjoyed the food & left full, our servers left us not wanting to experience this place again & pay all that money for rude service. We had to ask several times for our plates to be cleared. My drink came out after my friends. They also didn't take time to explain the whole experience after we said we had never been there before. Then when we payed the bill & were chatting at the table the one server (who needed a lesson in friendly service & proper language) complained about the fact that we only left a 15% tip so loud that Me & another friend heard him. Sorry but the gratuity on the bill was suggested & we didn't feel that they deserved 18% tip since we had to get their attention 4 or 5 times during the time we were there. As a former server, it is your job to make the dining experience for everyone enjoyable & ours was just average because of the servers. However, the meat guys were way more friendly & I would have gladly tipped them the 18%! A one time dining experience I will not be experiencing again!-The service was  absolutely atrocious
-they sat us 45 minutes after our reservation time
-they didn't give us our side until we asked for them twice and they it came at the end of the meal 
-meat was subpar
-overall dinner experience was 2.5/10Went during restaurant week. It just felt like they were trying to up-sell you to buy the full experience the whole time. Restaurant week deal wasn't as good as in years past. That experience was disappointing but as always the meat is delicious and salad bar is soo good.Meh. The service here is awful. Granted, we came on father's day but still, the service shouldn't have been as bad as it was. It took 15 minutes to get drinks and when the meats finally came around, the same kind of meat kept coming by. I had to ask the waitress to send the guy with the fish over to the table, and it still tool him 15 minutes to come by. The rest of the people in my party kept having to ask for the specific meat they wanted because some stuff just never came around. The salad bar was ok, it had a lot of selection to go with the food. The dessert, however, were subpar. You could definitely tell they were not handmade. I've been to other places like this before, so I wasn't impressed with the sword service like I'm sure some people are. There are plenty of other much better places to spend 50+ dollars at in Philadelphia.Had an excellent time here - was with a large group (10+) and had awesome drink service/suggestions, never once felt rushed, and realized on our way out we'd been there for 3 hours. 
Would absolutely recommend this to anyone looking for a fun dinner with a large group. Or if you like LOTS of meat. Best were the top sirloin and the bacon-wrapped fillet. MMmmmm....This restaurant was amazing. For $35 each we got unlimited amounts of nine delicious meats, including a fantastic sirloin. There were also unlimited appetizers including wonderful cheese popovers and little meatballs, and the best salad bar we've ever seen. There must have been 15 different kinds of salad, everything from blue cheese wedges to arugula to grilled eggplant and artichokes, plus soup and rice. Drinks were unusual and tasty, and desserts looked fabulous but we didn't have room. Service was incredibly attentive; we never waited at all for whAtever we wanted, and the waiters were friendly and personable. The decor was nicely done. Overall, no complaints and everything was so good we can't wait to go back.I found the food here as good as the other chain Brazilian steakhouse here in philly.  I like the mashed potatoes at Chima more than at Fogo.  I think they have a wider variety of meats which it nice.Try not to get overzealous serving yourself up with salad and appetizers because you're in for a full on feast! This is much more filling than AYCE meat at KBBQ because the cuts of meat you're getting are much thicker and richer. That being said, having some bites of fresh mozzarella and tomato (self-made caprese), salad, fried banana, or grilled pineapple really helps break up the meat flavor and gets you ready to have some more!
Other than the meats, I highly recommend the cheesy bread (only when still warm or the cheese gets rubbery), the fried bananas, and the grilled pineapple! The creamy mashed potatoes were too runny and the toasted yucca flour just tasted kind of like fried cornmeal... don't waste the stomach space...
When you flip your card over from black to orange, expect to both wait a while for a server to come by and be bombarded with server after server one right after the other! You can take your pick of how the meat is cooked, but it seems like they often run out of the medium rare... on several occasions, the server said they'd run out and would come back to me after getting more. My favorites included the garlic baby top sirloin, leg of lamb, and rack of lamb. The grilled pineapple I talked about also come on the skewers walked around by servers! If you're looking for something else to break up all the red meat, they also have chicken, salmon, and grilled veggies walked around.
Good service. Someone kept checking up on our table to see how we were doing, if we wanted to order any more drinks, and if we wanted any specific server to come back around to our table.Great service, delicious meats, to-die-for dessert.  
Went here with my boyfriend for my birthday and had one of those Restaurant.com $25 gift certificates, so that helped put a dent in the price. For what you get, though, $50 a person for the Rodizio dinner isn't that bad considering the quality of the service and the huge selection of meat.
Best piece of advice: your meal is what YOU make it, so if you aren't impressed with the lamb (I wasn't), stop asking for it and have them bring you something else. The dinner is run by a card system.  Flash the green card if you want hunky Brazilian men to cater to your every whim and drop a stack of meat on your plate. Flash the red if you're too overwhelmed and need time and room on your plate to cut and actually try your meat.  
This explains why I gave them 4 stars instead of 5.  It gets a little overwhelming after a while and god forbid you accidentally leave it on the green side. A server, carrying a skewer of ribs, will eye you from across the restaurant and make a beeline for your table. Just politely say 'no'.  What's great is that you can tell them "send the other guy over that had the salmon" and they'll grant your wish. 
Come here on an empty stomach and try everything at least once. I remember there was about 14 things to try ranging from filet mignon, leg of lamb, swordfish, etc.  I'd have to say that the best meat was the top sirloin...extremely succulent.  The waiter (who was very friendly and attentive) also brought us delicious fried polenta and bananas and some kind of gooey bread for sides.  If I came here again, though, I wouldn't waste my time on the salad bar or the sides.  It fills you up too fast. You get your money's worth during the meat sampling, so if you're a carnivore, go all out, check off your favorite meats, and order seconds and thirds. Remember, it's unlimited.
Though we could barely move after the meal, we still ordered dessert.  I was going to order some apple pie dessert but the waiter insisted that we try the chocolate mousse cake. I'm so glad he did. It was a light, creamy chocolate mousse with a crunchy bottom and was served with a drop of raspberry sorbet and drizzled in dark chocolate sauce and a few strawberries. Best way to end a meal.Love Brazilian steakhouses. I'm a huge fan of properly prepared steaks and chicken. Went on restaurant week and it was packed. But most of the tables were empty even though the lobby was full. Some people that arrived after us were seated before us. I was very pleased when getting the food. When I asked for a certain temperature, I got what I asked. The reason I'm giving a four is because of the wait for some meats. If I said I didn't want a certain thing they would keep passing by the table like I had never wanted it during the meal. Also I wanted the sirloin and I had to ask two people to get the guys over to our table. I would dine there again.Standard brazilian steakhouse.
Note: reservations don't mean anything. Unless you get pushy, you just end up in the queue when you arrive.I've been to Chima a number of times. It's definitely decadent. I love the concept of endless meat. Yes, I'm a carnivore but I love my vegetables too! Gladly, they also have an endless salad bar. And another great aspect they serve fish too! My favorite cut is definitely the picanha aka top sirloin, medium rare. And it's always hard for me to flip my card from green to red even when my mind and body tells me, "You're full!"Service was great. Second time coming here. It was packed but it was also restaurant week. Our server was Michael he was very nice. Like I said... Busy but the service was still greatGreat place for fine dinning,food is perfect,huge selection in salad bar,servers are so pleasantI've only been here once for happy hour so maybe I'm not qualified to write a review of this place, but I'm going to do it anyway! My friend invited me because she had a coupon for a free appetizer. 
We each had a Caipirinha, which the bartender informed us is Brazil's national drink. I can see why, because it's delicious and very, very alcoholic. Like, we decided to not have another drink because that one Caipirinha did each of us good. For food, we split the salmon salad - which was a large enough portion for both of us to feel like we had a full meal. They also brought us some pastry-type things to snack on before the food arrived, including some cheese-puff type pastries that were AMAZING. I would probably go back to Chima just for those.
The service was pretty attentive at first but tapered off towards the end - only by a little, though. I really liked the decor of the place, too - the bar area was nice but chill enough so that my friend and I didn't feel out of place in jeans. I'm not sure I'd ever go back there for a full meal unless someone else was paying because I'm a poor non-profit employee, but I definitely want to go back for more after-work drinks!Let me start off by saying the food is great.  If you like meat, this place is terrific.  We have been going once a year or so for the past six years and the food is consistently good.
Service,  Not so much, especially the prices.  The other night we went and I ordered a bottle of wine for a table of eight.  Not sure about anyone else but I would think they would check on the bottle once or twice.  The empty bottle sat on the table for the 120 minutes we were there.  The plates were never cleared.  
While I appreciate the wait staff not trying to rush us out, there is also a balance of attentiveness that was lacking.
Food was very good and the gauchos were terrific!  Just do not go in with high expectations of service.We've dined here before and it was decent. Had reservations for tonight and when we called to confirm our reservation we were told that the pricing for tonight was $90 per person! I think it's shameful that a business will charge almost double for the same dining experience just because it's Valentines Day. Will not be back.We love going here for special occasions, because it is on the expensive side so it's usually a treat for the family. The service is always excellent and the food is amazing!I have to tell you first I love good meat. And veggies. And seafood. This is not the place for any of the above when comparing price selection and quality in philly. Meat was.... Well meat. Seafood was ok. " meatballs" were mystery meat specials. It's me. I know. But really. Can't u make food?For the second year in a row, my husband's company has picked Chima Brazillian Steakhouse as the location for their corporate Holiday Party (at my request!). My husband and I have dined at Chima several times and always recommend it for special occasions and large groups. We always tell everyone the same thing when suggesting it: the biggest downside about it is that it's too fancy to wear elastic-waist pants.
During this most recent visit I will say that our experience was good but not great. Our party of 12 had a reservation for 7pm on a Friday night but naturally some were more on time than others. Because several of us arrives early, we took a trip to the bar to enjoy a cocktail or two as we waited for the other guests to arrive.
The first turn off was the happy hour menu. First of all--it is completely misprinted. It says "Happy Hour Menu" with lists of drink and their prices...but you are supposed to "know" that some of them are $3 off? I don't know. Very confusing. Additionally--out of a wine list of about 1,000 different brands and types of wine, the happy hour options include ONE white and ONE red. Talk about variety! Oof.
I wasn't interested in the two wines they had to choose from and had to ask for a wine list. I was provided an iPad to scroll through and look at their epic selection...while a server hovered over my shoulder (I assume to make sure I didn't walk off with it?!) 
I was in the mood for bubbly (as per usual) but was shocked to see Rufino Prosecco at $9/glass. The bottle costs $8. Talk about an upcharge! I decided to go with the White Sangria first and held off until dinner for the sparkly stuff.
It wasn't until the majority of our party arrived that it got annoying. We had each ordered a drink or two and were now heading to the table. Only this iPad wine list bearing, iPhone ordering, completely digital restaurant cannot transfer the bill from the bar to our table. Great. Add that this is extra complicated because the person with the corporate credit card was the last to arrive. Ultimately we got it figured out but I still thought it was silly. (Ironically his company is 90% software engineers so it gave us a lot to chat about over dinner)
Dinner itself was delicious as usual and everyone seemed to enjoy themselves (vegetarians and meat eaters alike!). The only hangup was our server, who, while polite and nice enough seemed to disappear a little too often. And because he refused to leave the 6+ bottle of wine we ordered on the table (he insisted on pouring) there were large gaps where some people went without drinks. (Had I been one of them, this review could have been 1 star!!)
The last thing to mention was the rather disappointing dessert course. I have always been a believer that it's pretty hard to ruin dessert but luck was not on my side with the dish that I ordered (the passion fruit mousse). I highly recommend ordering anything else. There was not a single person at the table who liked it. The highest rated was a chocolate cake with some sort of berry sorbet. I did have a bite and regretting not ordering it instead. Oh well! Next time.
Overall, 3.5/5 Stars (but I rounded up). For as many times as we've been here and I haven't written a review it's worth it. I am sure we will be back again soon and look forward to having more men in poofy pants bring me meat on a sword!!!My 21st birthday took place at this steakhouse and I do not regret it one bit =) It was my first time trying out an all you can eat steak house and I thoroughly enjoyed it although I'm not much of a ra-ra carnivore.
The decor was very elegant and my party was placed at a table right next to the salad buffet table. We were instantly seated and greeted by our waiter. The side dishes were very good starters and a popular item at our table were the butter bread balls. They were warm, puffy, buttery goodness. A must try. But not too much or you won't have room for the various types of steak, pork, chicken, and fillet that they have circulating around the room. Come hungry and leave very satisfied :)I, myself, have always, always been on team Chima versus a Fogo fan, but after tonight, I understand why the comparison according to Yelp reviews places the favor with Fogo. 
Came in for what we were told was an extended restaurant week. After an ok dining experience, where the server was completely MIA, we were given a check with the full prices listed. When we asked he told us 1) that we had to tell the hostess when we made the reservation that we would be coming in for restaurant and 2) that he had asked us in the beginning which we were doing (which he knows was a lie because we would have remembered and we heard him asking all his tables after this conversation)..
The assistant manager came over and offered little sympathy. Which also made it seem like he didn't believe that his server didn't ask us about the restaurant week vs. regular. He did change our bill and offer a dessert but at that point I just wanted to get out of there!
I rather take my business somewhere I can be asked if I want another cocktail and where the server is actually apologetic for their mistake. My boyfriend and I were just looking to have a nice meal for our anniversary and it ended on a really bad note with a sour taste in our mouths. 
If you're debating between spending the money here or at fogo, I'd take the business to fogo, and the rest of Yelp seems to agree.I really enjoyed coming here for our annual company party. The staff was great - service was excellent and our host was very helpful in explaining the whole dining experience. Plus I swear, my wine glass was never empty. 
The salad bar was well stocked and I definitely loaded up my plate. All the salads were fresh and the cheeses were great. The cuts of meat were very good. I held out for the bacon wrapped filet and was not disappointed. They also gave us several sides on our table - the fried bananas were terrific as was the creamy potatoes. Dessert was a little "eh" after everything, but it was probably because I was completely stuffed.meat on meat on meat.
i sat a one of the large tables in the back with a party celebrating a birthday. it appears this is the place everyone comes for a birthday, because during the course of our meal there were approximately 4 cakes with candles brought out for birthday persons. there were two diners at my table that do not eat red meat, which poses a problem. they were told they could use the Green chip that signals staffmembers to bring fish (swordfish, salmon, not sure what else was served). those patrons did not seem to have as good of a time.
i ate far too much at the salad bar and far too many of the cheese puff things. i dislike the way many of the staffmembers reached over me for clearing the table and refilling drinks, etc.I am strictly writing a Restaurant Week review here. Upon first glance, all you can eat for $35 seems pretty good. But don't be a pushover for such gluttony. The saladbar has a wonderful selection but ultimately is very diner-esque. The quality of it didn't make me kick my shoes off in a fit of joy. It was just a salad bar with some fancier selections.
The meat was okay, nothing special. The garlic sirloin, the flank steak, the bacon wrapped filet....the list goes on, and this is all well and good, but nothing done exceptionally. Often the meat will be cut for you from the side of the steak done the wrong way. For extra memories of a good time they'll be kind enough to dribble blood and grease from their little carving carriers on you. If you don't want to be served anymore, flip your little token over (Pogs anyone?!?!). They'll probably still annoy you to take their cuts of meat anyway. And then when everyone else is done and you want to start eating again, flip your little token over and the servers are nowhere to find. 
Complete this pseudo-fine dining experience with exorbitantly priced drinks, tacky serving uniforms, and fellow diners in T-shirts and sweatpants. Is this "fine dining" worth the price? You decide.Went there for the first time last night after a couple less than great trips to Fogo.  It is a completely different atmosphere than Fogo is, the room is darker and with the music playing it helps cover up all the conversations around you.  My best friend and I are fans of the rodizio style and so we literally sat there comparing everything one by one. So here it goes -
Salad bar - a very good setup but equal to Fogo's, though I've never had beef carpaccio before.  I did like the options of the rice, beans, soups, and sauces (more on the sauces in a bit).  They didn't have the selections of breads that Fogo does but I like that actually, less to tempt me with.
The side dishes they bring out, the best of the 1st three was the smoked turkey pate'.  During the meal they also brought out the mashed potato's, fried banana's and fried polenta.  The winner of this portion was the fried banana, better than anything offered at Fogo.  The fried polenta was better at Fogo I have to say that.  The mashed potatoes I have no idea what was in them to thicken them up but they were outstanding.
Now the meats - the BBQ ribs were very good, juicy but a bit too saucy for me.  The ones at Fogo are dry ribs so it is hard to do a fair comparison.  The filet mignon was much better here, a lot more flavor.  The garlic beef which is my favorite thing was OUTSTANDING.  To me the other meats were equal to Fogo but the sausage, the first round we had of those they were dry and not as spicy as at Fogo but my friend had them again and said that it was better so maybe just some that had been on the skewer too long.  My friend said the salmon was very good but the swordfish was a bit dry.  
But the thing that makes me say overall it was better than Fogo is this one thing, the sauces.  The different sauces at the salad bar that your server suggests you put on the meat are what put it over the top.  Lets face it after eating meat after meat you lose the true taste of what you're eating.  The sauces though give it a different texture and obviously flavor.  My two favorites of all the ones we had to us were the house chima sauce - a lemon base, and the chimichurri sauce which had great flavor and then after-heat but not burning.  
Another positive for Chima was the soda, laugh if you want.  My friend and I aren't drinkers and when we go to Fogo they give you those little soda bottles at like $2.75 each.  Here it was free refills which is a very good thing.  
The staff was very friendly from the moment we walked in till the time we waddled out.  
The biggest negative that I have is the air conditioning.  It felt like we had an arctic breeze blowing on us to the point we both had stiff necks when we left.  
I hope this helps out people making a choice.I made my second visit to Chima Brazilian Steakhouse on 1-24-15.  My first visit was 5 stars, but my 2 visit wasn't as good.  Serves was slow, and a lot of the meats had a lot of fat.  I'll admit there was three very large parties of 20 guess plus, and I guess that explains the slow serves.Two-star rating may be bad, but according to Yelp's two-star description "Meh. I've experienced better," it's spot-on for Chima.
Let me sum up my review with these words: Just go to Fogo.
I went to Chima expecting similar service and food to Fogo, Texas de Brazil, etc.  Unfortunately I found both lacking.
What surprised me most was the service.  
At Fogo, when you are finished with the salad bar and flip your disk to Go Meat, you're promptly greeted with a fresh plate and a barrage of "Gauchos" serving different cuts.
Couldn't have been more the opposite at Chima.  After finishing the salad bar, and flipping our disk, we sat there for at least 5 minutes with dirty plates and no meat.  This became the common joke of the night.  I found myself multiple times sitting there my fork and knife sitting on my empty plate, looking around the room for some sort of service.  
At one point, I looked around the room and saw ZERO gauchos for a lengthy period of time.  
Food-wise, it was just ok, it paled in comparison to the cuts at Fogo.  
The only two saving points were the salad bar which is mostly on par with Fogo and the $20-off coupon you can get from the Chima website.  
I'll finish with words you may have already heard: Just go to Fogo.OK... where to start... the unbelieveable salad bar... the endless flow of tender meat.. the atmosphere... I loved everything about Chima. We went out for my sisters birthday with a party of 12. Everyone LOVED dinner! The drinks were on the strong side, but that's exactly how I like mine :)
Because it's a bit pricey, this is a special occasion only restuaraunt for me unfortunatley. But I'm cunting down the days untill the next birthday, graduation, anniversary, etc... just so we can go to Chima. Like anther poster suggested, the website has coupons. We had a save $25 (i think) on two entrees.This is the standard all you can eat brazillian steak house with the unlimited meat plus the rocking salad bar.  The salad bar was so awesome with palm of heart, grilled artichoke salad, TBM salad, seafood salad, caesar, etc.  As always, the steaks were very good and cooked to the patron's perfection (even well done). 
The service was the best part.  I love how the wine list comes on an iPad for convenience.  The staff always cleared our plates and asked us how are dining experience was.  Note you may have to ask the server for certain highly demanded cuts like filet mignon or the beef ribs... those items don't just go walking around... so ask and you will get.
The price is $50 a person plus tax and tip ... brings it closer to $70 per person... so for two of us it was $140. What an expensive buffet... prob not coming back b/c I know I can go to a Jose Garces for that price.  Nothing against Chima but I'm a numbers girl and this just wasn't the bang for the buck.I went here during restaurant week because Fogo was not on the list. Personal the meat and ( chima has fish) selection was not as good as Fogo. The place is big and beautiful but they do not have enough people serving food. Me and my fianc say  there for 15 mins and not one person stop by our table ( and yes we had our clip flipped over on the right side). We had to get the attention of a waitress to get the meat to come to our table. We felt like a couple of rejects. This did not happen once, but multi times ( this won't happen at Fogo). The salad bar was not good and the side dishes were okay. The dessert size was way smaller than Fogo, theirs is 4 times bigger than chima. Sadly I won't be back here.Just like any other Brazilian steakhouse, it is served as buffet style, all the meat you can get until someone has to carry you out of the door. ;) Picanha was one of my favorite top sirloins. This is also Chima's signature cut. Parmesan pork loin was very lean and tender. Chicken wrapped in bacon was very flavored. I definitely liked this over the boneless chicken. The beef ribs was tender and it melts in your mouth when you bite down. Lamb chop was marinated and grilled at the right temperature. Another thumbs up!! One disappointment about Chima was the BBQ ribs. The ribs were very fatty you can hardly enjoy it. They definitely need to do better on the quality of ribs.Love this place. I went here for my friend's birthday. We were on time, but we had to wait about half hour until they got our table ready. I totally forgot about the dress code of this place, but because my jeans were very dressed up, it was okay. 
The service is great, although they didn't really refill our bread as often as we liked. The salad bar is pretty good, but there's not alot of options like Fogo has. I heard that Chimas salad bar was better than Fogo's. I think Fogo's is better. Nothing to complain about, it gave me the veggies that I wanted along with alot of meat sauces. 
The food was so good, and the fish was great. I love the layout of the place, it's very modern. I'd definitely come here again. It's comparable to Fogo.I love this place...nothing negative to say!! Every time i go it's always the same ...Excellent food and excellent service... The Best!We dined this evening with friends at CHIMA steakhouse on Kennedy Blvd, it was great.  Our food was delicious and plentiful, the salad bar was second to none.  We all enjoyed the meat and side dishes.  The service was perfect and it was a great value for meat lovers.  The salad bar can accommodate a vegetarian as well.  The restaurant is lovely and comfortable.   The only complaint, too much food, but so enjoyable.  We highly recommend this restaurant.  Loved the waiters and servers as well.Slow service. Meat was alright.  Overall I was very disappointed.  I suggest going to Fogo.  Don't even bother with paying the same price at chima.  Fogo sets the bar super high.Celebrated my boyfriends birthday here this evening. We had such a nice time. We arrived and were immediately seated (we had reservations). Everyone that we encountered was friendly. I love the system that Chima uses regarding their servers. The servers work as a team to provide exceptional services to all tables. There was always someone walking within close vicinity of our table if at any time we needed anything. All of our servers were EXCELLENT! This was my boyfriends first time at Chima and he's already thinking of how soon we can get back. Big "Thank you" to all of the staff that work as a team to offer exceptional service. Also there was live entertainment in the bar area.Always a great experience. Food is amazing. Just need the guys to rotate around better. I got offered bacon wrapped chicken like 20 times and the veggies on a stick never. I had to request 4 times but it's okay I still love this place.Service here is amazing , Michael is the sweetest. He made sure we were good and had a few good convos. The people who serve the meat what extremely polite. The cuts of meats here is BOMB. The cheesy bread side was amazing !!! Overall I had an great experience here no complaints !Omgoodness!!!! Best restaurant in the world for a meat lover!!! I love love love Chima!! Best place for any kind of celebration! I have been here with just my boyfriend, I have been here with just my friends and I have been here with just my family. I think I need to try by myself just to weigh all services because at this point Chima can honestly never go wrong with me!! I love Chima and would recommend this branch to anyone. Great staff even on the busiest and highly pressured days. 
Thank me later!My boyfriend and I went here this past weekend for my birthday while visiting Philly. It was restaurant week, so it was $35.10/person. The salad bar was HUGE and had everything you could have wanted and the meats were cooked and seasoned just right. I also really liked the hot steak sauce. The service was really good and the ambiance was really nice. I'm happy that there is a Chima's right near where I live so we can go again!Have been here twice and both experiences were pleasant. My first time in this type of restraint was in New York and I enjoyed it very much so I  was eager to experience this restaurant as well. The salad bar could have been better but after all you don't come to a Brazilian Steakhouse for the salad bar. Good and frequent rotation of meats and anytime you didn't see something you could ask and it would be sent over shortly. I'm kind of sad that I no longer eat red meat and pork. To me it would be a waste of my money to go here if I'm not eating meat. Although they have a variety of other meats such as fish and chicken, it's just not the same. Overall a wonderful experience.A bit overwhelming initially but I learned the rhythm of turning my chip; to stop the portions quickly.  I wasn't fond of the salad bar but the mashed potatoes are whipped to 100% perfection.  I enjoyed the filet mignon & lamb.
The dining area is inviting and the staff is very professional.  The Servers keep the meat flowing. 
My only hiccup was waiting nearly 30 min. to be seated for my 7pm reservation. My son loves this place!At first the dining experience started very crappily. There was some misunderstanding and they thought we wanted the salad only option. After seeing the servers bypass our table for a few minutes we realized the error and the manager quickly corrected it. 
However, I think I would've been happier with a salad bar only option anyway because most of the meat were overcooked. I think they put it back on the grill after bringing it out for a round so that they can keep the meat warm. Also, the salad bar had more than just veggies, there were different types of seafood like salmon, bay scallops, and they also had beef carpaccio and cured meats. 
The service at the end was stellar. We were celebrating a birthday and they brought out the dessert with a candle, usually standard service but then the manager also took a picture of us and developed it right away and had a paper frame - the type that you generally have to pay $15 at an amusement park. Wow! They definitely know how to make a night special.  I would definitely go back whenever I'm in the city.Visited Chima on Saturday 12/19/15 and will never visit again.  I made reservation for 7pm and was not seated until 815pm.  When we checked in we were told that our table was being cleaned and we would be seated shorty. After watching them seat two parties before me, I asked again about our reservation and was informed by Nicole that my party was "second" to be seated. After watching her seat 7 more parties she explained to me that I was still "second" to be seated and it is very busy.   Once I complained I learned that there were several parties waiting with me that had 7pm reservations while she was seating walk ins.  After complaining to a manager they did seat us and comp our drinks.  The food was ok and our waiter Shabana was pleasant but the hostess definitely left me with a bad impression.I took my boyfriend here a few months ago for restaurant week. I picked this place because I knew that my bf had been dying to try out a Brazilian steakhouse. I'm not a huge steak eater (I know, surprising!) but I was still able to find some other non steak things to eat that were pretty good. I liked the chicken wrapped in bacon, and the mashed potatoes were so awesome! They were like liquid potatoes or something which sounds gross but it was soo good!
The white rice was AMAZING! OK, i know white rice is never usually anything special but seriously they must put some type of spice on their white rice to give it a flavor.... I went back to the salad bar 3 times just get more and more rice. I really wanted to try the pork loin with Parmesan but the waiter never came around with it. We were too stuffed to try any desserts.
Chima is a very good place for people who like steak, and it's something a little different then a a normal restaurant but for someone like me who doesn't eat steak, its not worth paying 50 bucks a person for white rice, mashed potatoes and 2 little things of chicken. I give it 4 stars because my bf really liked it, and the food I did try was good... especially the rice. yumThere are two important requisites for having a good time at Chima Brazilian Steakhouse: you need to love meat and you need to come hungry. The $50 charge per person is more than fair if you meet these requirements, but I definitely wouldn't bring some "first date only ordering salad" girl to Chima. The salad bar was great, but try to avoid filling your plate, as you will soon be inundated with a delicious variety of meats. Everything I tried was fantastic. The pork ribs were some of the best I've ever had, the lamb was amazing, and I could eat those little bacon wrapped filets all day. Service was nearly flawless, though they did forget is was my birthday, but they more than made up for that tiny mistake with an order of flan on the house. Not just any flan, mind you, but probably the best flan I've ever tasted.
Chima is not a restaurant I would frequent, as I could easily gain 100lbs in a year if I ate there 1-2 times per week, but for special occasions or a particularly hungry party, it's hard to beat. We will definitely be going back, once we've had about a month to work off the calories we ingested. Thanks for a great birthday dinner!Food was delish. Service was fantastic. Atmosphere was weird and bill was just so much money. Don't know if I will go back but think people should go once.I made reservations that really wasn't needed, seeing how Chima wasn't truly busy. The interior of the restaurant itself is lovely, everything was clean and the service itself was top notch. Our server was very attentive, wishing my fiance a Happy Birthday with a tiramisu cake!
The steak we've had (medium) was melt in your mouth worthy and delicious and the salad bar had a lot of options that was healthy and fresh.Awesome.  If you love steak, this is the place to be. Service and customer service are always fantastic.  Filet, sirloin, and flank steak are exceptional.Let me start by saying we went over restaurant week so the price was right. This was my first time at a Brazilian steakhouse and was very happy with my meal. Salad bar was good, had really good smoked salmon which is one of my favorites. The meat was great, my favorite was the Parmesan lamb and bacon wrapped chicken. 
We had more then our fill and they brought great little sides such as polenta fries and fried bananas. Sadly I was really disappointed with the mashed potatoes. Over all I would definitely go again but will prob save my visits for restaurant week b/c of the great price.We went to Chima during restaurant week, when the restaurants in the area offer dinner for $35. It is always a great time to try out something different that you are unsure of, without feeling like you broke the bank. It was a group of 4 on Sunday night. Our experience did not begin too well. The restaurant website states that valet parking is complementary. We anticipated this being great because it was snowing when we went. When we got to the valet line, we were shocked when we were told that it was $18 because of restaurant week.  This was an unexpected expense that I was not prepared for. Luckily my guest had the cash to cover it. I understand the reason they were charging, but a heads up on the website, or when we confirmed our reservation over the phone would have been appreciated. We came in 2 separate cars so the $36 expense was definitely a surprise. When we were taken to our table, our party of 4 was seated at a table for 6, that the waitress Michelle told us we would not be sitting at and had us move to another table after our appetizer course was put on our table. I understand a mix up, but it was very awkward and uncomfortable. Once settled we enjoyed the salad bar, but it was very slow getting meat. The gouchos who were bringing around the meat would always run out before they got to our table and when they would come back with more meat, it was like they were skipping over us. We have to physically ask the man to stop at our table for top sirloin even when our chips were on green. Michelle our waitress was kind enough to put an order in for the meat she wanted, but we waited almost a half hour for that to arrive. The food was excellent though. Service was just so so. I imagine because it was busy due to restaurant week, but they should have definitely been prepared, as reservations were required, and they knew how busy they would be all night. Would like to try again, but paying the regular price of $55 is just not worth coming back for mediocrity.Went on a lovely Sunday lunch date to Chima for restaurant week.  I had been to Fogo before and was excited to try another Brazillian steakhouse!  I enjoyed the ambiance in this restaurant a bit more as it's a bit more modern and was glad we went at 1pm on a Sunday because it wasn't too busy.  Okay, on to the food talk.
Chima has a bigger salad bar with lots of different things and I liked that, but was wary of eating too much of it because I wanted to save room for tasty tasty meats.  
My favorite was the brisket, which was perfectly tender and bursting with flavor!  Everything bacon-wrapped is delicious, obviously.  I do suggest sticking to the beef options, as I found the swordfish and pork to both be dry and bland (and the sauces they provide just made it worse).
We received appetizers and desserts at our table that I think were for Restaurant Week but you would have to order otherwise.  If you have to pay extra for them, don't.  The fried banana was tasty, but nothing too amazing.
I do suggest getting a caipirinha as they are DELICIOUS.My husband and I went here for New Years Eve! We had reservations for 8PM and was seated at 8PM! This was out first time at Chima's. We enjoyed the salad bar... And the endless meats! We enjoyed the top sirloin and the filet mignon... And the barbeque ribs... And the bacon wrapped chicken... It was all scrumptious! We will definitely be back for more!! Good stuff!I was disappointed to say the least because I have had better service than this in the past.  As professional, I don't feel the $694. was worth its weight in gold. I am a profound cook and I come from a family of amazing cooks, that being said, I won't miss the food; moreover I will say this , if someone puts a bad taste in your mouth its enough to last a lifetime, the service I received was more than enough . I no longer wish to dine at Chima's again.
I lost count how many times I have dined,treated and referred people to this establishment;  this place has left a life long bad taste for me and im not referring to the food, I was not satisfied with the way my party of 15 was treated on Oct 7th (my cousin and I had a birthday dinner). The servers seemed to over look our table several times (over 7) and when we made request for water, meat etc they never honored it. The servers also became clumsy while serving meat, not being aware or concerned that the grease/sauce was dripping on clothing.   The manager on duty was less help then expected. After or complaints, then they show up, once discussed we had to complain, appetites diminished . I live in Atlantic City and to travel 60+ miles to be treated wrongfully was a waste of of something I can't recover (Time).So- I'll say this...Food is incredible, as is the service. But honestly, I don't think anyone has enough room in their stomachs to get the most for your money here. So if you're hungry (as in, haven't eaten in days) then I suggest visiting Chima. If you're only slightly peckish, skip this place and head over to The Palm for the petite filet minus the meat coma/guilt.
If you're getting taken out for a corporate dinner or whatever other reason you're not paying then run to Chima. Otherwise, skip the gluttony of the Brazilian steakhouse experience and just have a steakhouse one.This place is as good as it gets when it comes to meat! Great service, cool environment and some great food. The $50 per person fee is a little steep but well worth it! Go now, don't think twice!I took a party of 15 here for a team building night out. First off,  the food was incredible and it kept coming! Every cut was cooked perfectly and packed with flavor. The wait staff was out of this world and did everything to make the experience that much better, Dave in particular. Thank you Chima, will definitely be back again!Love it...great seasonings....nice ambiance...great specials on Wed..
My group was just here for happy hour/philly Sips, but the staff was so friendly and warm, totally did not feel rushed or pressured to stay for dinner. We originally were on our way to Marathon Grill, but it was so over crowded, so we came here instead. 
The atmosphere was chic and cozy, they had a great menu of drinks and appetizers, they were also very accommodating to the vegetarians in the group. 
The pineapple chicken skewers with mashed potato side dipping are just delish and the perfect bite with their other drinks. Can't wait to try the main entrees next time.
Lauren, our waitress, was awesome.So we were in Philly for the week working and luckily it happened to be Restaurant Week out there last week. Went to check this place out and all I can say is WOW. I started off my Brazilian steakhouse experience at the salad bar which I regret going to. Don't get me wrong the salad bar is delicious and everything there was amazing, I just preferred to save more room for the main course of various meat dishes. As soon as I finished my salad I flipped the coin they give you to start accepting the skewered meats. Every single meat was amazing my favorite was the Parmesan pork loin some may disagree though. A solid second place for me would be the bacon wrapped chicken which was fantastic. Overall I highly recommend checking this place out and go with an appetite as well due to the all you can eat dinner!I visited this place for an event relatively recently. We had the back room to ourselves and had a meat assortment with a bunch of appetizers. It was very tasty!
I can't really comment on what the normal dining experience is like as I didn't have it.
However, the place was very elegantly decorated - it gave you the feel that you are in a really nice place. From the doors to the linens to the flatware and glasses - very posh. 
Of the food that I tasted, the meat was absolutely delicious. I had the sirloin. There were also these fantastic rolls. I'm not big on rolls, but they were really special. Definitely look out for them. They were like yeast free or something. They had a nice cheese plate that was top notch. 
I definitely want to come back and have the full dining experience, but my guess is that will have to be a special occasion as this place is quite expensive.Delicious food, wonderful service. A bit too pricey for being Brazilian...but clearly not something you do too often. Was celebrating a birthday and felt great.I managed to slip by just in time for the 2 for 1 coupon here last night.  I've never eaten at Fago de Chao and that may be a good thing, seeing how the majority of people say Fago is better.  
The food here was pretty decent.  I thought the salad bar offered a very nice selection and I had to be careful not to fill up there.  The meats were good, some better than others.  The lamb chops were disappointing, and the bacon wrapped chicken was dry....as chicken tends to get. I always ask for medium rare and some times they get it, some times they don't.  If not, I'll just keep the card on orange until I get my fill of the correct cuts.  (I started a "discard pile" of pieces that were over cooked).  The meats came so fast and furious that I never felt like I was waiting for more food.  
The service at Chima was good in my opinion.  I had a really personable waiter.  The general service was almost too attentive.  
Not having eaten at Fago previously and having a buy one get one free coupon has left me with a good impression of Chima.  However, if you get the chance, Picanha in North East is worth a try.  Not as shiny or showy but good price for the quality.I must say, this place this pretty spot-on. 
First, all of the staff members are extremely polite and respectful - all of them. From the people who respond to eMail inquiries, to those who answer the telephone. The servers and managers are also excellent. Very kind, hospitable people. There to answer all of your questions and make your dining experience as pleasurable as they possibly can. 
Second, their salad bar is simply amazing. The cheeses, cold cuts, smoked salmon, vegetables, etc ... are well worth the price of admission. And everything is SPOTLESS. That's very important, in my opinion. The quality is very good and leaves nothing to be desired. 
Third, the rodzio menu is just as good. Actually, I find myself favoring the salad bar. All of the meats are cooked to your liking - if you as for rare, you're served rare. If you ask for medium, you're served medium. And, if they don't have it at that very moment, they'll be sure to get it to you as soon as possible. Again, a very professional, courteous staff. 
My only negative would be this - all you can eat means all you can eat - at times we (party of 4) definitely were feeling rushed or as if we had worn out our welcome after about an hour and a half. Even if it were unintentional, it surely came off this way, and kept this from being a 5-star rating. 
Another (slight) negative would be choices/amount of times an item is walked around. We had to ask several times for the swordfish and lamb chops, but there is chicken a-plenty. 
Finally, would I recommend this place - YES. It's worth $52.50 for all you get. It's also a fun experience with parking nearby in a lot that is reasonably priced. 
So, put on your sweatpants, and dig in! We'll be going back, that's for sure.When I learned I was going to Chima for a friend's birthday dinner, I got excited and then panicked a little. I love good meat but hate all you can eat meals where all of my self control flies out the window.
I turned to Yelp to find a strategy for the best way to enjoy Chima without over indulging. There was no concise strategy but I was able to take some tips with me to dinner.
We were seated promptly at table by the kitchen and near the salad bar. Our server introduced herself right away and brought over the tablet with the drink list. We ordered a bottle of Simply Naked pinot noir for the table and an additional glass of sav blanc. The bottle was $30 and the glass was $11. I was a little surprised how reasonable the drinks were as I was expecting true steakhouse prices.
I was originally going to skip the salad bar entirely to save room for meat however I figured I'd make one trip to check it out. They had a large variety of salads, cheeses and meats. I tried a few of the "fun" bean salads but didn't love them. As soon as I returned to the table I flipped my meat card to red and the meat started to flow. The rest of the salads were pushed to the side as my meat extravaganza began.
There are 16 different steak, lamb, chicken and fish options. I tried everything except the salmon. My favorites included the lamp chops, leg of lamb, flank steak and barbecue pork ribs. I initially loved the Parmesan pork loin as it was one of the first things I tried of the night. For whatever reason, my second piece wasn't as good.
For the majority of the meats, you were able to select your temperature so I went with medium rare. When the bacon wrapped filet first made its way around, they only had medium. I requested medium rare and the server came back within 15 minutes when the next batch was ready.
There were definitely meats that came around with more frequency, such the top sirloin and filet. My group really loved the leg of lamb so made a special request for it to come by our table. Our server and the manager made sure we were taken care of. I also really appreciated that they let us take our time with the meal. We probably dined for over two or two and a half hours, and were really able to enjoy ourselves. 
In addition to limiting myself at the salad bar, I tried to avoid the fried bananas, bread and fried polenta at the table to save room for meat. By the end of the meal I was stuffed and wanted anything except meat so started indulging. For that reason we ordered the papaya cream, vanilla ice cream and tiramisu for dessert. They were all fantastic and I found another place in my stomach to house them.
So moral of the story, there is no tactic to avoid over indulging at Chima, unless you actually have willpower. But that's okay. Everything is so delicious it's worth the caloric and monetary splurge, as long as you don't make it a habit to go too frequently. 
I didn't want to make this review a comparison between Fogo de Chao but it's worth mentioning a few comparisons. The atmosphere at Fogo is a little more upscale and I personally thought Fogo's salad bar was a little nicer. Overall, both places served up some great meat options so I would recommend either to anyone looking for a Brazilian steakhouse experience.After a couple hours of feasting at Chima, it goes without saying that this place is really amazing. I was with a party of eight to celebrate a birthday. Reservations at least 5 days in advance (especially when coming on the weekend) are highly recommended. By the time we left around 9pm on a Saturday night, there ware a cluster of people trying to get in.
The price for each person includes the salad bar consisting of the not-so-typical ways you'd prepare dishes from any restaurant. This is no ordinary restaurant. The selection of cheeses, salads, brazilian rice, blue cheese molds, dips, soft bread and butter, smoked salmon, freshly prepared vegetables and soup... were all enough to entice our senses, or better so, wet our palette for what was to come.
The meat. All 18 cuts of leg of lamb and lamb chops, filet mignon, chicken, beef ribs, swordfish and salmon to just name a few, were eagerly brought to the table by respectful servers who cut the meat tableside. They were prompted by placing a circular chip on the table which says "feed me" (not exactly, but close enough), a procedure explained by the host to first time guests. Members of my party had joyously gotten up and sat down a number of times to sample more of the salad bar, until eventually they were all weighed down by the moderately sized, but frequent helpings of the delicious, juicy meats. And if that weren't enough, separate servers came to replenish dishes of perfectly fried sultanas (small bananas), brazilian bread, gourmet mashed potatos and fries and turkey meat balls. Yes, do come when you're hungry! A word of caution though- don't eat too fast while you're here. Sit and be entertained by the colors and options of an old-world concept while enjoying those around you. A perfect endeavor to soothe the soul.
The atmosphere was warm, the service attentive and the tables were adequately disbursed through the open restaurant. The ambience is compatible for a date, celebration with a group or friendly gathering of any occasion. Chima is inspired by a tradition practiced in South America with an interesting American twist- this place truly defines delicious food to be distributed abundantly, while developing the same abundant quality of good company that's shared with family and friends.Great place to celebrate birthdays promotions anniversaries or just a night out.  Prices fair for what you get.  My friends and I love coming to Chima and celebrating different events in our lives.  We have a great time with good food and atmosphere is great.  Dessert is also great in case you have room for more.  They also have espresso and coffee in case you enjoy a warm beverage.  The valet parking is complimentary.  They also host private parties which is great for large parties.  Easy to make reservations and they always remind you with a calm before or an email.Excellent food. Excellent service.  Come here on an empty stomach because you will leave feeling almost sick every time but it is so good!WOW is the way to say it. And worth every penny~~ I could have just the salad bar and been totally happy. There are 12 different choices that come round and round to eat until you can't eat anymore. This is a great spot for special occasions and birthdays.Stopped in on Sunday evening to cool off and check out the Happy Hour scene.  Since it was a holiday weekend it wasn't very crowded, but that gave us a chance to chat with our wonderful bartender Anthony.  Cocktails were perfectly prepared and our snacks (skewers and cheesy pockets) were delicious.  Bonus points for the creamiest dreamiest mashed potatoes on Earth!!  This was our first visit but definitely not our last.Went tonight for Center City sips.  I've never been for dinner so this review only applies to my experience at happy hour.
Based on past CC sips experiences, I wasn't expecting much.  Usually the bars are so crowded that you can't order a drink, let alone order food.  Luckily for us at least, Chima was pretty quiet and we were able to get a large table for the 8 of us.  Our waiters were super attentive and immediately got us drinks.  I had a very nice, correctly chilled white wine.  One of my friends got a brazilian margarita with rum instead of tequila that she loved.  We had several rounds of drinks and throughout they kept bringing us this amazing cheesey rolls--they were just cheese with a little bit of dough and hot they were just FABULOUS.  They also gave us beef croquettes, which were good (even to the picky eaters) but got neglected next to the cheese bread.  Eventually we ordered the chicken and chorizo appetizers and a mozzarella and tomato appetizer.  All very good and tasty, as well as not too heavy.  
Service was extremely attentive and friendly.  They even came by with coupons since CC sips is ending tonight to encourage us to come back.
Maybe not a place I would go out of my way for but a nice bar scene  near my office--we'll be back!Very poor service. Could not get a second drink delivered.  Forgot my wine. Apologized but still didn't deliver our drinks. When I confirmed I asked thatI I get the check. I reminded the hostess on arrival. That didn't happen. Before we left one waiter took my drink and said that the check was paid. Basically was asking us to leave4 stars for food - came here for restaurant week so I missed out on a few of their meats, but for $35 you get the majority of the meat options, so totally worth the money. You miss out on very little. All the meat was great. Wasn't a huge fan of the bacon wrapped filet, it had way too much bacon on it which caused the flavor of the filet to be lost completely.
2 stars for drinks - My boyfriend and I are very suspicious that the cocktails we ordered were watered down. He ordered a vodka martini and it literally went down as easy and quick as water. And I ordered a lemon drop martini that was so good... Too good... I couldn't taste any alcohol at all. We are no detectives but if I came back I would definitely skip the cocktails because we were that sure they had water in them. Not worth my money.
3 stars for service- upon arrival (we had a reservation), the hostess told me they were running behind, and couldn't give me an answer of how long.. Not even a ballpark of how long we would be waiting or if it'd be worth it to head to the bar for a drink. I asked and she just shrugged. A little odd. Our waitress was a little hard to find sometimes, but she was great when we got to our table and it was too wobbly, and she immediately helped us move our things to a new table. 
Compared to fugo de chao, I believe the red meats are similar, white meats better at chima, and salad bar better than fugo.Im usually not a meaty person, but Chima was an exception. Overall experience was great. The servers are always asking if you want meat and always filling your water. Ambiance was great as well, meat was great. Only thing that I was not impressed by was the salad bar because of the limited options they offered.Great birthday dinner for my fiance (he is a meat-eater, I am a vegetarian), but had 3 iissues.
1. They brought out a roll and what appeared to be butter. I put it on the roll, only to later find out it was a turkey dish. I have been a vegetarian for almost 30 years so this was a huge disappointment to have not been told this.
2. We were charged the same price for the main meal (my fiance's and mine - which was the salad bar only (as I am a vegetarian, I didn't mind this) - but the price was outrageous for lettuce and some rice.
3. When my fiance was handed the bill, I informed the waiter I would take the bill because I was treating my fiance for his birthday. The waiter then asked at that point if I wanted a dessert to be complimentary and taken off the bill. As he said this out loud, and made it to be my option, I was embarrassed. He should have just taken it off the bill. For as much money as the dinner was, he should have just done this.Stopped in here on restaurant week last fall. Great food. Great ambiance.  Great location.
I don't think this place is as popular as Fogo De Chao but it's in the same league. You won't be missing out at either place.
Will be back!What a disappointment! A couple of quick thoughts from our meal last night.
1. Limited meat selection for restaurant week. OK, I understand you're giving a $15 discount from your standard pricing but this is restaurant week. It's a time for you to showcase your restaurant to get people to come back during the rest of the year. A little short-sighted but I can deal with it. 
2. Salad bar had a decent selection (pedestrian compared to Fogo) but some of the salads looked like they have been sitting out way too long. Perhaps putting out less at a time and refreshing them more often.
3. What is the point of the coaster if your servers do not look at them? I have never been to a Brazilian steakhouse where I had to flag a server to actually get food. This was beyond ridiculous. Before last night, I could never say that I left a Brazilian steak house hungry. Now I can.
I am not sure if this is their standard service or atypical because of restaurant week but it was plain lousy. Looks like we are going to stick with Fogo for our fix.We arrived here to celebrate 
my birthday. Five years ago, we celebrated it at Fogo De Chao in Baltimore  and loved it. My daughter who lives in Philadelphia suggested Chima. To be honest after reading some of the reviews. I knew that the food would be good, but I was concerned about the poor service reviews.  We were seated promptly. After our server took our drink orders, we  moved to the salad bar to find a delicious array of salads, cheeses and soup. However, we were there for the meats, which did not disappoint. The Gaucho chefs brought various steaks, seafood, pork and chicken tableside. Our server constantly checked with our table  to make sure we had been served all that we wanted and to take special requests. It was a little noisy, so this wouldn't be a place to go for a quiet romantic date. Still in all, if you are  in a "meat eating" mood this is the place to go!Great meal!
This was my second visit -- this time to celebrate my recent graduation. 
It was a family and friends affair - party of 6. I would recommend bringing coupons for $20 off of 2 rodizos dinners which are (were?) available on their website. 
Love -- the variety and the quality of the meat. Perfectly cooked and the cuts! My personal favorite is the top sirloin, which will be yours too if you're a fan of the gristle side. Speaking of sides...the sides which come with the meal were typical. The beef coquette (sp?) and fried polenta were interesting to eat, enough to break up the meat caravan. The only stand out side dish were the fried bananas - amazing! Perfectly warm and crispy. 
Not Love - this is a pricey meal and throwing in a couple bottles of wine, it can become even more expensive. They should have a BYOB policy. 
Overall - save this outing for a special occasion. You will definitely leave satisfied.Another churrascaria. Somewhat cheaper than Fogo. Its basically the same but Id give the nod to Fogo as far as I remember.My wife and I frequent this place about twice a year.  Usually the service and food are top notch but not on 2/11/17.  The meats were not as tasty as I remembered and the service was lousy.  The meats I had specifically requested were being served across the dinning hall but not in our general area.  I had to complain to get those meats brought to our side.  To say the least, we were disappointed when we left.Fantastic food of course but most all the server we had, Michael was truly the best server we have ever had. If you go, ask to be seated in Michael's section. He is a combat veteran (Marine Corps) and has amazing customer service skills. Even if the food was bad (which it is NOT) we would come here just to be able to give Michael a big tip.Let me start off by saying we called to make a reservation for 7pm at 6:30pm during restaurant week- and they were able to accommodate us! Amazing. That being said, we enjoyed the selection. The $35 price included unlimited access to the salad bar (which was plentiful and well managed) and all meats excluding filet and lamb. The hubby and I also took advantage of their $30 bottle of wine (marked down from $45 for restaurant week). 
     After starting off with some salad bar options, we began to get meat brought over. The gauchos were very speedy and very courteous, often times offering more than one slice of any given meat. When we saw sirloin pass by twice, we mentioned to our waiter to have them stop and within 1 minute he came to our table. Very attentive! 
     The manager stopped by and asked how everything was - we were very pleased and although we didn't have a conversation with him, I think it's a great show of management to stop and interact with their patrons. 
     Lastly, I have to mention our waiter Rob. What a great guy! He was so kind and helpful (even mentioned some of his favorite wines). Very attentive to clear plates and went above and beyond the level of service one would expect due to restaurant week crowds. He really exemplified what I believe to be a good waiter.
Can't wait to go back!Overall amazing food and drinks.  The salad bar had a great selection, and all of the meat provided was perfect.Came here recently on a Sunday night and I must say that their service has really declined. They weren't busy at all that night and servers were standing around just chit chatting at times. Disappointingly, though, it took forever for our server to get our drinks or make rounds to come check on if we needed anything. And when we did ask for something, say a clean plate or another round of drinks, it took entirely too long. 
The food was just ok...I don't remember the meats being so fatty as they were this time around. It was kind of annoying to get 1 slice of meat and have half of it be a ring of fat. The salad bar was still good and for the most part, all of the staff was courteous (even though not that attentive or quick).
Unfortunately, I don't foresee myself going back anytime soon.It is a fun atmosphere with a large party and decided to try it out for thanksgiving.   It's thanksgiving so didn't expect service to be top notch with capacity seating but servers didn't come to pick up dirty plates. In fact it was embarrassing but the only way I could get the plates cleared was by literally putting the dirty dishes under the table. 
Ended up asking for a Diet Coke 3 Times with no such luck.  I decided to be a nice guy and not get upset but on the 4th request our server was able to muster up some Diet Coke. 
Our family thanksgiving lasted about 2 hours and requested filet without the bacon also about 3 or 4 times.  Once we were ready for desert the filet showed up. 
The quality of meet is sub par with bacon wrapped filet burnt to a crisp.  
The more I write about the experience the lower the star rating I should give, but because I was with family on a happy occasion I decided to give a 3 star rating instead of a week 2 Star. 
If you're a beef connoisseur this isn't your place.  But good for a large party get together with not too high of an expectation when it comes to service or quality of food.  The best dish is the cooked pineapple with cinnamon and sugar.  I sure wish the beef selection tasted this good but I would say that's their signature dish for sure. 
The ambiance is nice with well appointed decor and an elegant feel.Last night I feasted on meat carved tableside by men dressed as gauchos. And no, I wasn't at Epcot Center or in a Fellini movie...I was at Chima. And it was glorious.
I was there for a special event, so we got to see the place in full swing and total capacity. After loading our plates at the salad bar (which, btw, is huge and also includes fresh mozzarella, a personal favorite of yours truly) we sat in the gorgeous dining room, complete with contemporary red/crystal chandeliers that I am totally coveting, turned over our cards and let the madness begin.
Here an orange card means "Bring me some meat and keep it comin'," and black means "Please, for the love of God, no more." Our table of four ate enough to feed a small village (yes, I feel a tad guilty about that) but particularly enjoyed the succulent filet, sirloin and Parmesan encrusted pork loin. It was quite an experience, and I walked out of there wishing I had a handbag big enough to smuggle food out in. Is that wrong?
The consensus is that, while gorgeous inside, this is a man's dinner. My girlfriend and I had a great time, but the testosterone factor was high. I'm sure it had to do with all that meat and knivery...so I think this is a perfect place for a power dinner or a meal pre-bachelor party. Just remember to leave the strippers at the club - after all, Chima is a class act.Ok, this is me trying to be understanding. I LOVE Brazilian steakhouses so when I found out that it was restaurant week, I'm totally in. I'd been to Fogo in several cities and decided to give Chima a try because it's infinitely closer to my house. I should've taken the walk. 
Now as a guy I tend to only notice things like decor when they're bad, and the burnt orange theme of the restaurant definitely qualifies. In all fairness I DID come during restaurant week, so they were busier than usual, that being said...the whole point of restaurant week is having people try your place out so they'll come back and become normal customers.
Valet was meh, Check in went ok we were waiting an extra fifteen minutes from our reservation time but the place was packed and I try to be understanding of such things. We were seated and then we waited, and waited......and waited. The dining room was understaffed, I get it but we were starving. After another fifteen minutes I gave up and just asked one of the meat bearing gauchos to help us out, to his credit he did.
The gauchos did their jobs and are the only reason for the second star. After grabbing our buffet plates it was time to sit down and eat. All I wanted was a drink. What kind of drink you ask? What kind of overly complicated concoction did I have to wait another FOURTY-FIVE minutes for??? A soda!!!! That ever elusive beverage. After asking three successful servers for a soda ($4 by the way) I finally gave up and asked a Gaucho (the guys who walk around with meat and carving, aka the busiest guys in the place). Plus, aren't they supposed to be upselling me? All I wanted was a soda!!!! When it came time to get a second soda, I just saved time and effort and asked the Gaucho first. You'd think that with that mess they'd comp my soda but no.
Oh and before I forget, yet again I understand that its restaurant week, but would a little friendliness from the reception area be too much to ask? I'm happy that you got a foam latte from the bar, but since we're waiting in line extra time, how about a little polite conversation to your  lobby full of guests. Instead I'm treated to a list of who's sleeping with who in the restaurant, in case you want to know the bartender........Love this place!!! Food is phenomenal, service is excellent and the ambience is wonderful. Can't wait to go backLove Chima. We have been to Fugo and my wife and I prefer here. The salad bar is better here and the meat is the same at both places. We have been coming for years and never had a  bad time.Our phone reservation was lost, but the hostess was able to seat us quickly.
The salad bar is an experience and I honestly think I could have dined on that alone. The meats there were wonderful. But flip that disk from black to orange and the experience happens: Meat - meat - meat and pineapple. 
I don't know where the people who couldn't order all of the skewers ate at, but we had the three highly attentive servers ask a few times if there was something else we wanted to try. They even brought over the Meat Menu to review.
Everything was great and I'd go back after my bank account recovers. Party of four (with one glass of wine) was nearly $350. Worth it for a special event, but not as a weekly or monthly regular.This is the 2nd time myself and my wife have dined at Chima, our experience during both visits were okay. Both times we went for diner and had reservations.If you are a meat lover like us, you will be very satisfied. 
Their salad bar in my opinion is just ok, especially if compared to the salad bar at Fogo de chao which has a lot more to variety.
Service was also ok our drinks were always filled and the servers always asked if wanted a specific cut of meat brought to us.  Their meats are well seasoned and most cuts were juicy.  We will  be back again even though I prefer Fogo it's still good to alternate between the 2 Brazilian steakhouses.Yelpitos,
Lemme tell you, for an all you can eat meat treat, I really enjoyed Chima!  I met a group of friends for a birthday get-together on a Friday evening.  I was not surprised how crowded it was being CCRW.  There was initially a little confusion about how many ended up in our party, but after all the kinks were worked out, we sat together, with Jaime serving us, and had a good ol' time.
Mind you, come for the meat, save room on your plate!  The buffet bar was lush and fresh, and had many many options to accompany your meat selections.  I chose a little bit of salad, the rice and black beans, and the rest of the white plate space was for my meats and appetizers at the table ... yucca fries, and fried bananas, and beef balls (best way for me to describe them and they were good) and some doughy bread with salmon dip ...
My favorites were: sirloin steak, salmon with passion fruit & mango sauce, lamb chops, and bacon wrapped chicken (ahh, don't we all just love how bacon makes everything taste better? tee hee); I also tasted beef ribs, skirt steak, and pork ribs (good sauce on those bad boys!). I turned my lil token over every time the salmon came through, though.  That sauce made it for me.  I really saw and tasted why my friend Marc D. likes Chima so much. 
Do you remember the song from Oliver Twist? "Fooood glorious fooooood" ... Yeah, Chima is like that!
So go! Enjoy! It's spendy but definitely worth it.  Take a few friends with you and get your meat on, and I do not mean like Lady Gaga! ;o)
Be advised: No! You cannot take any meat home!  So bring your appetite and enjoy the loveliness of a Brazilian Steak House.I have been to several other Brazilian steak house but Chima was by far my favorite one! 
The food is just excellent and the service was outstanding! Everybody was very friendly. I definitely recommend to take your time and enjoy not only as much different food but also the atmosphere in that place. I would say it is a good place for everyone but especially for meat lovers!A new favorite! I visited this restaurant during center city restaurant week and was very impressed! The salad bar choices are extensive and delicious and the steak was prepared perfectly! I will definitely return!I think Chima is great and I prefer it over Fogo de Chao. They didn't seem to have as many gauchos running around with meat as they did at their Ft. Lauderdale restaurant, but if you asked to try a specific meat, they would bring it to your table ASAP, sometimes seeming to go to the kitchen and prepare it fresh just for you. The gauchos were also very knowledgable about the different cuts and seemed eager to talk about them and help guide you based on your preferences around flavor, texture, etc... Make sure to try the flank steak, top sirloin (their house specialty), and the rib eye. Chima's meat is superior to Fogo in my opinion.This is my second visit here.  First time was in middle of last summer.  Much nicer experience then, full menu, drinks weren't watered down, and they had shrimp in addition of  full selection of meats.
This time was way over booked for Restaurant week.  They clearly took all reservations from anyone that called without regard for any planning.  Felt bad for the 2 hostesses that were trying to take names and distribute tables.  We had 8 PM reservations and were seated around 9 PM, which was only because we asked several times, otherwise had the feeling they were just giving tables away to who ever asked the most.
As others have stated, menu was limited. We had 2 people order the full menu and pay the extra 15 dollars and never say the full menu of meats. Had to specifically ask them to bring out the rib-eye towards the end when they were full.  So basically the 2 people that paid for the full menu paid 15 extra each for about a 1.5 oz piece of rib-eye.  
Drinks seemed watered down and full of ice.  Had to ask 4 times for extra bread.  The only reason we went here instead of Fogo was because of  one person only ate fish.  Also same person ordered salad only which includes the fish, but they charged the RW pricing with meat.  It was only 5 difference so we didn't bother waiting for the adjustment.
The only reason this is 2 stars is because we did get full, the Pichana and Skirt steak were good.  But the place was so over crowded b/c they clearing just took all reservations.  Salad bad is definitely better at Fogo Also.These people do not know how to manage or run a restaurant.  We had a reservation and they were late seating us despite having half the tables in the dining room empty. Terrible management. Bottom line is people prefer foga de chao for a reason.Incredible meat selection - though the leg of lamb was a bit dry.  Nice salad bar.  Drinks were strong.
It was super-hot in the place - as the temperature had just gone up in the city and their AC wasn't really working well enough yet for all of the meat grilling.Met a friend for lunch there this week. My preference was Fogo de Chao but it was closer and figured it'd been at least a year since I last tried Chima.
Service was friendly but painfully slow and we had to remind them twice to refill a side. Cocktail ordered when seated took a good 15-min to show up. Requesting the bill? Another 10 minutes before he returned with it. It was lunch... normally people have some sense of urgency during the work week and there was no more than 10 customers seated.
Finally, they only offered 3 cuts of beef, chicken and salmon. Requested if they had could bring anything else? Something wrapped in bacon perhaps? Nope, that was all they made available for lunch. 
The meat and chicken served was tasty, however, at Fogo you'll get the FULL dining experience during lunch and the service is always impeccable. Easily worth the extra few dollars to leave full, happy, and in a timely manner.
There's good reason why it's always possible to find coupons available for Chima -- shaving a few $ off the bill is only possible edge they can have to compete with Fogo de Chao. 
If you pay full price to dine at Chima, you overpaid. If you got a deal, there's a good chance the service will dissuade you from returning.I love chima. Unlimited meats, great service. Our server, Lauren, was very funny and attentive. I loved her. However, when I was at the bar beforehand waiting to seated, I ordered a 2 drinks at the bar. When I received my bill, gratuity was added 18% for my two drinks and it was hidden. What pissed me off was that I already threw down a 5 for my 20$ drink bill before I even realized that Daniela took the pleasure of adding my tip for me. Sneaky sneaky.I'll preface this review by disclosing that I've never been to a Brazilian-style steakhouse, even though, like my buddy Brian M., I work next door to Fogo de Chao.  Even still, as you might have deduced from other reviews if you care so much as to read a few, I could survive happily on an all-meat diet.  Even though my eyes are much bigger than my stomach, I came to this restaurant knowing what to expect, based on what I had heard from friends-- to go into an all-out food coma.  I should also note that I went during Restaurant Week, but I asked the waiter if our experience was any different and he said mostly no (despite the fact that they had turned over more than 600 tables before we were seated at around 9).
FIRST IMPRESSIONS:
I know what Fogo looks like, so I was expecting something similar...not really the case.  We met our friend at in the bar area, which blew me away-- I don't think I've been anywhere in Philly that made such good use of mid-century modernism in their choice of decor.  While the dining room didn't follow the design's brilliance, I couldn't have been more impressed.  The hostess, who was as polite as she was attractive (for once), seated us in what looked like a massive dining area, almost like a cafeteria, complete with noisy ruckus, which I didn't like...other than that, I knew I was in for a treat.
THE FOOD/DRINKS:
The food itself was absolutely incredible, from the salad bar, which featured tons of options that I had trouble keeping from taking up too much space in my stomach, to the meats themselves.  They offer 17 different kinds of meat, tons of different cuts of beef, a few chicken variations, salmon, swordfish and sausage...a carnivore's dream come true.  The one thing I feel the waiter did do correctly, was to recommend a Cairpirinha, which acted as the perfect intermezzo to each of the tastes.  My absolute favorite was the flank steak, which was more tender and flavorful than anywhere else I've ever had a similar cut...I began refusing other cuts I hadn't tried, saving what little room I had left for another taste of the flank steak.  They also bring out a bunch of charming little mini-sides, including an amazing fried banana and some kind of bread made of cheese (parmesan I think).  Basically, the food was spectacular, but read on to see why I docked Chima a star.
THE SERVICE:
Of course, only a select few restaurants do really well in terms of service, and it's tough to imagine a place that works like Chima getting it down pat.  They can improve their service, however, so I'm removing a star.  It wasn't entirely about the attitudes, which I find is usually the problem with most places, in fact the gaucho waiters do pretty well considering that they are mostly foreigners serving food like pseudo banquet waiters to over-indulgent, ignorant Americans in what may very well be the pinnacle of gluttony.  My problem rests solely in the pace of the service...I'm not joking when I say I felt like I was in World War Meat half the time, taking cover under an artillery barrage of deliciousness.  It's too much.  You can't really enjoy any of the individual flavors until you have this heaping pile of food on your plate, and based on the social dynamic of it all, you can't really refuse what they put in front of you because it looks so good.  You also can't really have a good, intimate conversation because you have a gaucho coming to your table every 30 seconds.  As soon as I finished and tried to catch my breath, "INCOMMMMMINNNNNGGGGG!!!!!"  More food comes flying at me at subsonic speeds.  If they could slow it down a bit, they would find that not only are their customers happy, but they are happy because people are getting full in the same amount of time, but on less food, thereby saving Chima some money.  I figured maybe it's a little more relaxed when it isn't Restaurant Week, but our waiter confirmed that this is not the case.
THE BOTTOM LINE:
I wouldn't think of taking a date here, unless you are both:  (A) World-class Eating Contest Champions, (B) Obese and comfortable with it, (C) Romans who travelled through time from a food orgy.  I can't imagine the food coma would have me much more uncomfortable than having my date watch me pig out, I'm sure the same goes for most ladies.  Even still, this place has some incredible food, and it was an awesome and very worthy experience.  So I highly recommend this place for friends to all go out and gorge, for families looking for a BIG meal, or pretty much anything but a date where you want to retain your perception of having normal eating habits.  Delicious!I dined here during restaurant week with a friend. First I will talk about the taste of the food and then I will get to the offensive service. The food was good, but I have had better. The mashed potatoes were like soup. When I want to go to a Brazilian Steakhouse I usually dine at Fogo de Chao (which I highly recommend, been there about 7 times and have no compliants). Okay, the service. I don't think I have ever experienced more offesnsive service in my life. We were seated at a table and not more than 4 minutes later the table to my left was seated. Our waiters (each table has 2) went to their table and took their drink order first although they arrived after us. The servers were short with us, almost like we had done something to them in a previous life. Anyway after eating at the disappointing salad bar, the waiters did not come back to get us new plates. I had to take matters into my own hands and get them myself. I mean no big deal as I am not a lazy person however that is their job. I noticed the table to my left and right was attended to more than us. Like I said, it was almost as if we did something to them. Our table was small and I put the 2 used plates off to the side and they walked passed them and stared at them instead of removing them. The service ruined my night and we were totally offended!Warning: Only go if you have starved yourself all day.  The meat (surprisingly, the chicken... rarely order chicken when I go out to eat... and lamb were my favorites) was incredibly juicy and tender.  The sangria was the delicious, and by far the largest one-glass portion I have ever had.   Even the salad bar had great variety and options!  The wait staff was helpful and always had some skewer of meat coming my way.  I would hope that in the future, they invest in some more "regular" wait staff... help keep water glasses full, and plates clean. 
This is not a place I will frequent often due to price and the gut-buster effect that quickly follows the completion of your meal, but will definitely give it a go once in a while.  Also, be sure to get dessert after your meat extravaganza.  (The sugar will counteract the salt).Love this place! A little pricey, but worth it. Salad Bar is amazing and the meats are 90% excellent. I say 90%, because the swordfish and salmon aren't always consistent (I've been there 3 times and only once was the fish amazing). The Lamb keeps me coming back.Awesome!!!! Great food and even better service. The whole crew was great made me feel at home while I proposed to my fiance first time in Philly and thanx to chima won't be our last!!Short, quick and sweet review: went during restaurant week (twice now) and even amidst all the chaos, they still managed to stay atop of their customers needs so kudos to Chima's service team! 
Drinks are decent price, not outrageous which is commendable in a classy restaurant. The salad bar is stocked with prosciutto, spinach, smoked salmon and more. As for the meat itself, it was all well cooked and seasoned (can't speak for the filet mignon). The chicken was a bit dry and the ribs are salty but that may just be because of the craziness of Restaurant Week.
On the other hand, not Chima's fault but the patrons during restaurant week is a tad bit.. Lacking manners. 
Overall, a great place to try Brazilian BBQ if you're curious.Been there a few times now and always leave very full and not wanting to see meat for a few days.  Last experience was good however the service was just ok.  Had to wait for the check for 15 minutes.  The waiter we had may have been new.  Swordfish is great there.Terrific salad bar, although I try to limit my eating from it in favor of the meat which is terrific.  The service is mediocre, although the gauchos are great.
I think the staff likes to give the impression that they are busier than they actually are.
Worth the experience.I was looking forward to trying this place out and after our dinner there....Not excited anymore and not recommending it either.  From what I've heard we should've gone elsewhere for the churrascaria.  Luckily we went during restaurant week so it was a better deal but if you sign up for their mailing list you get those deals anyways.  Our waiter was hilarious and friendly but forgot our wine.  We waited for at least 30-40 mns before he finally brought it out.  One good thing was the salad bar, great choices and all delicious.  Now for the meats...they came around every once in a while, definitely not that often and some of it was not very tasty...lots of side dishes on the table but some was just thrown on as if they were a passing thought.  Not the best experience and we're not looking to repeat it...They are running restaurant week at $35 per head.  This price only came with limited choice of meat.  It's really limited - We had to wait about 20 - 25 minutes for a service of meat coming by because we were presented special tag - second class customers.  Full service is $49.50.  Purpose of eating Brazilian BBQ is not to get a pile of meat when you see them coming by.  Rather you selectively choose small portion as they are supposed to come by in minutes again and you eat fresh.
Not to night!  You waited, and waited, got a little bite, then waited and waited again.  Salad plate was not changed to main course plate at all.  I finally had to ask for that service so I don't mix my salad left over with meat.  Food quality is 3.5 stars while service and hospitality deserved 1 star the most.  We spent $190 for four people on this restaurant week special?  They drew new customers in to tell them they don't serve a second chance.Whether it's for a celebration or for restaurant week, you can find us here. While Fogo de Chao is good, I much prefer Chima because of the selections that they have. Their salad/fruit/side bar is far more diverse, which goes great with the meats. Chima also has the options for fish if you want to mix it up a bit. Eat a small snack before going here for lunch or dinner so that your stomach stays expanded. If you go during restaurant week, you still get a good amount of meats for $35, and even though you don't get the full selection, you're still getting more bang for the buck. Valet is $18 but there is also a parking garage behind it.Great full menu. 
Don't sell yourself short by going on restaurant week and getting the half menu. That's only gonna get you pork, chicken and cheaper beef items. 
The full gets you LAMB. And Lamb-chops. 
I went crazy.
Their Long Islands sucked. Top shelf or not. I had both and they were WEAK. 
3 Long Islands should be enough for anyone. 
That's to be expected from drinks in Center City. 
Bland watered down crap. 
Otherwise a great night.Went for restaurant week, which the waitress said would run until the end of the month. Delicious meat, of course. They had an excellent salad bar, as well. The staff was attentive and fun.I love this place. The ambience is so awesome! You have these waiters walking around in mc hammer plants bringing you large juicy skewers of delicious meats that all melt in your mouth! Not only is the meat amazing but the salad bar's pretty good too! Cesar salad is amazing (it's weird that good steak houses always have good cesar salad, and this one holds true).
As for drinks, there's one that called crimancha or something? It's sugar cane rum pounded into limes and served on the rocks. So easy to drink but still very strong ;) Also, eat the limes at the end, they're soaking in rum and sooo deliciousThis was our first time at a Brazilian style steakhouse, and we were very pleasantly surprised.  This is one of the best restaurant adventures my son and I have ever had. :)
On top of the fabulous salad bar, they just keep bringing meat.  Prime rib, filet mignon, flank steak, ribeye, salmon, chicken wrapped in bacon, pork ribs, pork loins with parmesan cheese, rib-eye, leg of lamb, lamb chops, sausage, beef ribs, sirloin, sword fish, salmon... 
Pricey, but you do get an awful lot for your money.  
You also need to make reservations.Been to Fogo De Chao in DC, was alright.  Chima is similar and close to the hotel, so a group of us stopped by.  Their salad bar was impressive with tons of variety.  However the taste of the items were so ehhh.  Had a slice of the prosciutto and this was really disappointing!!!  Never had anything like this ever, beware.
Flipped the switch on and the swords of meat started to arrive.  From what I remember, the sirloin and the filet mignon were the best.  Had tons of flavor on it and worth the wait.  Get your server to call the guy around.  I recall a piece I did not like and that was the chicken wrapped bacon.  So bacon, right?  Typically almost good w/ anything.  Nope!  This chicken and bacon had a really strong smell to it, almost as if the chicken were old, yuck.  The lamb, sausage, flank steak were all okay.  
Last up, the dessert, ordered a chocolate mousse cake type thingy.  More like a chocolate block of cream cheese.  It was TOO rich and where was the Kahlua liquor?  There was some sauce on the bottom, but it was Hershey's syrup.  Oh, and I asked the server to bring the Kahlua liquored sauce on the side in a small dish.  When it came out, it was neat from the bar.  Way to go ...
Not to blame the server, but Chima uses an electronic notepad to put in the orders.  The server took a GOOD amount of time punching in drink and dessert orders and not to mention, he had a heavy accent when speaking.  We just nodded and said thank you.
If you could find something else and craving meats, hit up the Capital Grille off of Broad and Chestnut.I also went to Chima during restaurant week. I had an amazing experience here, except for my inability to control how much I ate. 
Food: Amazing. Especially for the reduced price. The meat was perfect, and the salad bar was great. Fresh seafood, cured meats, cheeses etc. 
Service: Also great. We ended up with a free bottle of wine for having to wait just a few minutes in the lobby before being seated. Our waiter was attentive, and there were a million meat servers. If they ran out of a kind of meat on our table, they would remember and return.Just left Chima. Overall, my experience was great. However, this is definitely not a place where you will be able to have an intimate conversation as you are constantly being interrupted by the servers bringing the different meats to your table. The food was delicious and you get a bang for your buck with the restaurant week deal. The only thing I didn't like was at the end when one of the bus boys rushed me and my friend away from the table after we paid the check. I understand that it's a busy restaurant, but the way in which we were dismissed was pretty rude.If you have never dined at a Brazilian steakhouse, you will love it here.  Then again you could say that for any place you go to if it's your first time.  For someone who was been around that block, Chima is not too bad, but not that impressive either.  
Some items were good, some ok, and some not so great.
 - Parmesan pork loin - pretty nasty, I'd not recommend
 - Bacon wrapped filet - small beef cuts, above average 
 - Flank steak - couldn't tell the difference between restaurant prepared or prepped at home
 - Lamb chops - gamey, not recommend either
 - Filet mignon - probably their best cut
We were looking forward to the ribs, but they were out on the day we went.  They also have some fish on the menu too, but we opted to just stick with land animals.
Overall, the meats were inconsistent from being too salty to just right, some overcooked to just right etc, so some rounds of the same meats tasted better than others.
A few bucks cheaper than Fogo, but then again not quite up to the Fogo standard.Awesome..one of the best places I have ever eaten..food and environment was outstanding.. I suggest the salmon with the Passionfruit sauceI was impressed with this place at first glance, but after the waiter asked for the 10th time if  I wanted to buy dessert / brazilian soda.. I had enough of it.  I understand wanting to sell your products but there is a fine line between being pushy and being thoughtful.  Overall, the food was great and so was the service, they just need to tone down on the pushiness.I think this place is generally overrated. Go to Fogo de Chao instead.
Environment is nice, dark, and wooden, but the tables were set a bit too close together.
Overall food was decent for a Brazilian steakhouse, but not as great as I had expected. 
The salad bar, for one, had all kinds of strange vegetables and relatively little meat. 
Cheesy bread balls were good.
Meats were pretty good, but for some reason they didn't make me want to get them over and over again. I found that I lost interest after eating a few bites of each type of meat. The best was the House special and the chicken.
but in general, forget this place and go to FogoI booked Chima for restaurant week on 1/14/18 for my family to celebrate my Aunts 55th birthday. Myself and a few family members had been to Chima a few times before, years ago prior to this day and enjoyed the food and overall experience. I noted the reason for booking when making the reservation in writing and in the confirmation call from the restaurant prior to our reservation. Our experience was poor unfortunately. The drinks we ordered showed to us by the waiter on the ipad, did not reflect the ones brought to us. We brought this to both the waiter and the managers attention, and although the manager after some dispute over the picture comped 3 of the 4 drinks, they tasted horrible. The restaurant week menu was split into two selections, 35 and 55 dollars. The standard 35 did not include dessert and two food selections, not fair! The meat did not circulate as often as it should, in an hour and a half lamb came around once. Our bill had two additional ppl who were not present  and had to be adjusted after our inspection. It was brought to the managers attention, who was unapologetic but made the corrections after his careful count of the 6ppl present vs the 8ppl accounted for by the waiter that was put on the bill. While waiting I  overheard two other tables having issues with their bills also. The waiter was useless and not helpful at all citing a couple times that it was his third day on the job, no excuse. Finally the restaurant did nothing for my aunts birthday despite it being noted twice prior to our arrival. She left unhappy and we left noting that Fogo de Chao runs circles around this place.I can't speak for the normal dining experience because I came here for a work event, but needless to say I would definitely come here if I had an occasion for a nice dinner.
For the event there was a cocktail spread of about 5-7 choices. I can't say all of them were really good but what was worth remembering was the skewered tomatoes&fresh mozzarella, the cheese bread (basically cheese balls of heaven), the artichoke-wrapped smoked salmon, cream cheese, & capers, and - of course - the meat. We were served either rib-eye or sirloin but either way it was cooked to perfection. I went up 4 times to refill my plate even on just this limited selection of food. Also, they had 3 great sauces to pair with the meat. The one with basil in it was my favorite.If you like the Brazilian Steakhouse dining style, or have ever been to competitors in the local area, Chima is definitely one of the more top notch places to dine in the city. Good atmosphere, excellent staff, and a great menu were part of our dining experience here. Just a few small touches, and this place would have easily been five stars, but still well worth the price of admissions.
Atmosphere - Very modern and fancy, from the sheer curtains separating the bar/lounge from the dining area, to the pressed white table clothes and folded napkins when you return from your table, Chima has a first class experience all the way. The warm tones and stone lobby make for an excellent wait, if not for sitting at the bar and enjoying some great drinks. The aroma of finely cooked meats and delicious salads and sides finds your nose the instant you walk inside.
Waitstaff - Since there are many people who work to make a part of the dining experience here, I'll just give an overall review. Staff is extremely friendly, accommodating tastes and cuts of meat perfect for your dining style. Quick, efficient, and friendly, they continued to bring over different dishes, with each one have a unique style and flavor. Recommended great selections for drinks & desserts which turned out to be fantastic!
Food - Quality of the food we had was amazing. Started with drinks from the bar including mojitos, wines, and other various Brazilian beverages. The fresh mint and premium spirits were definitely appreciated by my group. For dining, the well stocked salad bar (and underrated soups) were a nice way to start the feast. But the real reason to come here is the different items, from the top sirloin, to the parmesan pork to the chicken wrapped bacon, everything was moist, flavorful, and perfectly cooked to delight my tastebuds. The biggest issue we ran into was the speed at bringing over the dishes. There were chunks of time we had to wait while food was prepared where we had nothing on our plate and no side dishes left on the table. Seemed to be a little longer then planned and compared to other places, but when the food did come, it was absolutely delicious.
Intangibles - Underrated dessert menu here if you still have the room. Split some chocolate cake with my wife, and the raspberry sorbet with it was out of this world good. Perfect way to end a delicious meal when dining out. Cost for all you get is VERY affordable and definitely is a great place for a first date or place to go with the steady girlfriend/fiancee/wife. Make sure to bite the bullet and valet park, can be a little cumbersome to try and park without valet in this area.
Overall - A solid dining experience in Philadelphia, be you from the city or just visiting. A bit more on the pricey side for dining options, but well worth it for the amount of food, sides, salad bar, and other benefits you have from dining there. If you go on a speedy service night, you'll only be leaving earlier with a fully stomach, which is not necessarily a bad problem to have.The food here is AMAZING!  I will come back again and again!  The all inclusive salad bar is abundant and sometimes a little overwhelming with choices! Every choice of meat and fish they brought to the table was delightful!  The service was a little spotty and drinks were not up to par, however the food made up for the let downs in any other area.