the steaks were awesome, the curly fries were awesome...and holy crap, they've got a bar! i had two adults and two little ones with me, so me and my friend were able to skip away to the bar for a shot of jager. nice! after that we played a hard core round of 'go fish' with the kids in the booth that we were seated in. 
and i need to go back and get the waitresses name. she is the epitome of accommodating. when i asked her to please check out this curly fry that the nephew REALLY needed her to see, she was like "WOW! ...you get a cookie for having the biggest curly fry ever!" and then she proceeded to shower attention on my little man and dole out the free cookies! she totally made their night happen!
and when the waitress saw my empty water bottle in my hand, she offered to fill it up before we left! i mean, that's just being plain ole' nice! 
i'll be back.The only thing stopping me from giving chubbys 5 stars is that both of my long islands tasted like pure soda. But the cheesesteak and cheese fries were so good. The employees are great too. Very chill environmentExcellent proletariat cheese steak place.  We've been here 25 x's or more during the past (I guess) 8 years and have never had a complaint.  The wait staff are friendly and courteous, the cheese steaks are WAY good and the beer is iced cold (and there are always beer specials).  
OK...., I don't drink beer but my wife does, and,...and, uh...  I don't eat beef because I'm afraid of mad cow disease (yes, I'm eccentric), but the chicken cheese steak w pepper jack, their awesome sweet and hot peppers, raw onions, a splash of BBQ sauce and some pickles is out of this freaking world!!!  I just want one right now!  
If you're a fan of hot peppers, there are 2 varieties that are well beyond the taste buds of mortal men.  Definitely wash your hands before using the bathroom.  
Although I offer 5 stars, the rolls could be crustier, w a good chew, but everything else brings the total to a 5.  Thank you Chubby's!Not impressed mediocre. The food looks good but looks are deceiving. The service was not to par waitress was unenthusiastic. I will say it taste better than dalessandro's but I had better. Compare to Pats and Genos they re not good not saying pats and Genos Is the best.Just wanted to update my last review.  Tonight I was forced to order my late night cheesesteak from Chubby's as my other spot was closed.  Let me just say that the cheesesteak was great!  I realized that I have been ordering cheesesteaks all wrong.  Previously, I have been ordering cheesesteaks with only fried onion, lettuce and tomato.  This time I ordered fired onions, fried peppers, fried mushroom, mayo and ketchup. What a difference!  The cheesesteak was better than my usual spot.  What was even better is that I don't have to have cash when I order here.  Sorry Chubby's for doubting you, it was my fault the whole time.  All I can say is that I was:  "making a bad cheesesteak"I eat here all the time. The staff is great. The place is clean, and the steaks are awsome. Nice pepper bar. They even have beer. Parking is always there. They have fries. Whats not to love.BEST steak's ever! This is the locals boys from the 'iladelph' favorite. 
Since it was my first time, I thought I go for the orginal sandwich which is ordered "a steak with" which consists of thinley sliced ribeye, sauteed onion and american cheese on an amaroso roll. dis jawn was bangin' 
simple & tastyWhenever my husband and I head out to the burbs to visit friends, we like to stop here. Order a cheesesteak and it's yours in just a few minutes. Share some fries, since they give you a lot. The beer list is pretty good, and are cheap (comparably to city prices). They should start selling PBC beer here, because this fun diner is very true to Philadelphia, and you should be able to get a cheesesteak and a local beer here.Chubby's is a pretty cool place. We made the trek from our hotel by the airport to get our favorite cheesesteak for the second time, Dalessandro's, but when we got there the line was out the door and it was packed in there so we said screw it, let's try Chubby's. 
The cheesesteak was pretty good, I got American without onions. The beef had good flavor but it could have used some more cheese, next time I'd probably order extra. The cheese fries were also pretty good. The seating area was really nice, we sat at the bar but there was also room at the booths, which seemed nice. 
Overall the cheesesteak wasn't on the same level as Dalessandro's, and the cheese fries weren't as good as Ishkabibble's, but I'd go back again because of the nice seating area if Dalessandro's is crazy packed and I wasn't absolutely dying for my favorite cheesesteak.
My current rankings:
1. Dalessandro's 
2. John's Roast Pork
3. Gooey Looie's
4. Cosmi's Deli
5. Joe's Steak & Soda Shop
6. Ishkabibble's 
7. Chubby's Steaks
8. Jim's Steaks South Street
9. Pat's King of Steaks
10. Geno's SteaksI love Chubby's!  as a PhilaU alumni, Chubby's and Dalessandro's Steaks were the go-to steak shops for us, not Pat's and Gino's.  The Manayunk atmosphere and true Philly style steak meat step up to the plate here at Chubby's.  
They get bonus points for having fries and for having nice seating with table service.  They also serve Hank's sodas here, which i love.   
the sandwiches are filled high with meat and the employees are always pleasant and helpful. You can also get parking in the small lot on the side, or street parking.
this is my second favorite philly cheese steak!  I dare you to try Chubby's in your quest for the perfect cheesesteak!Love the chicken cheesesteak and twist fries here. Also nice because they take cards whereas the place across the street doesn't! They also sell six packs to go which is nice when I don't have time to find a liquor store.The food was nothing more than mediocre.  I laughed as soon as I walked in because I read a previous review saying the dirty dish water smell hits you pretty hard, they wasn't lying.  The service was extremely slow, I waited almost a half hour for just a cheesesteak.  I think the steak meat itself is better than Delassandro's, however I did enjoy Delassandro's cheesesteak better overall.Have been going to Chubby's for years with no complaints - Went last weekend - and had a horrible experience - arrived home with my steaks with nothing on them that I asked for (no mayo on the bread, none of the cheese I asked for) , and the meat was flavorless
Also - Really disappointed that the pickles and peppers have been moved behind the counter - and having had to ask for them instead of a sign being out that says they are available upon request 
I know weekends are busy - but hoping you guys will improve - really disappointedA good alternative to Del's if they are too crowded.  They make a good cheesesteak here at Chubby's too.  Plenty of seats and has TV and a bar.  Friendly staff.  Take out beer.  They also have bathrooms.Cheesesteaks are bland and there's something off about the texture.  Fun atmosphere and friendly workers, but the food just doesn't do it for me.After years of cheesesteak consupmption and violent debates among friends, I always come back to Chubby's as my all time favorite.
Chubby's steak is of the "chopped" varietal, and for me, just perfect everytime.  The holy quadruple of meat, roll, cheese and onion hit the mark time and time again.
The glorious pepper bar should not be missed.  My favorite are the Italian hots that have been stewed in oil and a few habaneros.  My mouth is watering just thinking about it.
Chubby's just might also have the coldest most refreshing Rolling Rock to accompany your meal.The best cheesesteak in the Delaware Valley! I've done all the usual hotspots throughout the city, and nothing compares to Chubby's. Nice finely chopped steak, and so much they give you a fork to pick up what's fallen out. When I'm in town and have a hankering, my friends and I will drive about an hour to get our fix. Nice relaxed atmosphere and great waitstaff. The best part? No pushy tourists in sight!I feel justified in comparing Chubby's and Dalessandro's since I ate at both in a  short time span. Being newish to the area, I feel it's my duty to seek out and recommend things to out of town visitors. So this is a two-review-in-one. 
The cheesesteaks themselves are fairly comparable, although Chubby's has a more expansive menu and a wider range of toppings. I did feel like the steak was a little less greasy at Chubby's too. For everything else, though, I can't see why Dalessandro's has a better rating overall on Yelp- is there a certain cache for rude service, cramped quarters, and cash only that makes people feel like brave warriors?
Truth is, Chubby's staff was extremely nice, even though they were busy, whereas Dalessandro's staff seemed outraged that we didn't know what we wanted instantly and we (myself and another non-native) got flustered. Not being originally from Philly, nothing makes me want to frequent a legendary cheesesteak place "for the locals" like rude service...not. 
At Chubby's, the pepper bar, labeled with large pepper-shaped lettering, added some excitement. The booths gave some calm in the storm of a lunch rush. And the curly fries, though I did not partake, sounded fantastic. Chubby's also takes cards, while Dalessandro's does not. 
Steaks being pretty equally delicious, who wouldn't choose service, space, seating, and simple payment as well?My number 1 cheese steak place! THE BEST CHEESE STEAK THAT I HAVE EVER TASTED(there might be better I just havent tasted). Good, original, the night before I left Philly to go back to Louisiana, I bought and brought 5 Cheese steaks back to Louisiana for my family!I keep ordering from Chubby's hoping that each time will be the time I get a good cheesesteak. That and the fact that they except credit cards.  Maybe its my fault I got to stop ordering hoagie cheesesteaks that come with lettuce tomato.  Each time its different: Sometimes I wondered if they forgot the cheese, or why there was so little meat or why meat was not even hot. Then I figured out the reason why there sandwich sucks, is because the lettuce and tomato are underneath the meat taking up too much space in the bread and also makes the meat cold.   I notice that there is alway a small amount of meat on the grill when they are making sandwiches. Is this because they are not busy or they are just cheap with the meat?  I don't know what it is, all I know is I am going to Delassandro's across the street from now on.  Even if I have to pay a surcharge at the ATM to get cash...its worth it.My first Philly Cheesesteak and it was amazing. I was brought here by a local and couldn't have been more grateful for this recommendation. Hands down one of the best sandwiches I've ever eaten. I'd gotten the Philly with pepper jack cheese and a side of poblano poppers. The waitress, I didn't get her name, was such a sweetheart and she wasn't bothered that I wasn't rushing to order. She also brought out cheese whiz because apparently that's a must with the cheesesteak. I'll definitely be back when I pass through.I really love Dalessandro's and Chubby's.  They are right next to each other.  They have a real similar style, so if you have a real sense for the taste, get a bite here, and go across the street for some Dalessandro's.  I love this place not just for their food, but they got a little bit more space than Dalessandro's.  Steaks are fat, juicy and generous.  Definitely try their chilly paste.  It's awesome!My favorite cheesesteak in Philadelphia. Perfect amount of cheese and steak, always juicy, never dry. They have a great beer selection from craft beer to 40s of the cheap stuff. They also have a few tap beers that they always serve in a frosted mug! Don't bother waiting in line across the street, this is the place you need to be.Great cheesesteaks at Chubby's. No reason to venture across the street to over-crowded Delessandro's which doesn't even take cash and doesn't serve up a better steak. Excellent beer specials for sports events at the inside bar. Extremely friendly staff, keep doing what you're doing Chubby's! Highly recommendHave been going to Chubby's for years with no complaints - Went last weekend - and had a horrible experience - arrived home with my steaks with nothing on them that I asked for (no mayo on the bread, none of the cheese I asked for) , and the meat was flavorless
Also - Really disappointed that the pickles and peppers have been moved behind the counter - and having had to ask for them instead of a sign being out that says they are available upon request 
I know weekends are busy - but hoping you guys will improve - really disappointed 
*Update:. 
-went on a weekday and the food quality improved, went again and the bread was soggy and my cheese steak fell apart - really disappointedWow.  Better cheesesteak than Pats, Genos and Jims combined.  
The place itself is different in that you sit down and a waiter(ress) takes your order.  I got an cheesesteak with american cheese and fried onions.  No accent necessary here with the 'wit' nonsense.  It took a good 10-15 mins but it was well worth it.  It's an abundance of meat but it doesn't lack in flavor at all.The cheesesteaks and fries my wife and I ordered were good but probably not the best we've ever had.  It was nice to have a booth to sit in with our two children.  But my wife and I were both severely sick to the stomach 45 minutes after we left.  We're chalking it up to food poisoning and don't plan to go back.I actually prefer Chubby's to Delessandro's.  They have more choices and the cheesesteaks are comparable in taste.  The staff is always friendly and they take credit cards which Delessandro's does not.  There is a decent amount of seating with wait staff.let me put it to you this way, ever hear of Pats???? Ginos???? Tony Lukes??? .......dogfood!
Roxborough is home to 3 of the best cheesesteak places in the city Chubbys, Dalesandros, and Barrys 
Thats not saying therent other great places around the city, Hell I put Steves prince of Steaks up there in the top 3 in the city 
 IMO this is the best in the city ....This is where you go for a good cheesesteak... a really good cheesesteak, this is one of those best kept secret places its not big, you can drive right by it without ever noticing it 
Which is fine by me because that means ill get a table..=;)I'll keep this one short. Best cheesecake I've ever had do not pass this place up you will be disappointed if you don't eat here. Very small kind of a dive restaurant. But the food is amazing! My only regret is I couldn't have enough room on my stomach to eat three of them. So many different kinds of steak chicken steak cheese steak all kinds of steak. And yet none of them sounded better than any of the other ones. They all looked equally excellent. I ended up going with a regular cheesesteak with American and whiz. I can still taste it now I wish I could go back right now. I also got the fries which were freshly cut and surprisingly tasty. I was also able to get a birch beer on tap and I haven't had one of those since I was a kid. Sorry for that nostalgic moment. Fact of the matter this place is amazing and from all the cheesesteak places I have visited here in Philadelphia this one was the best! Lastly the service was great we had an older waitress and she really took care of us phenomenal experience top-of-the-line service nothing wrong with this place! I can't wait to go back!In my opinion, and the argument of "best cheesesteak in Philly" is just your own personal opinion.  Chubbys wins and never disapoints.I think 2 stars rating is a little bit harsh on them. Don't get me wrong, but there food was delicious! Especially after me and my friends spent a whole day at Devil's Pool near there. I've been here for 2 times already. The first time I gotta admit, I was a little bit drunk but everything seem pretty nice. But the second time was my last nightmare. So after everybody got their bills, we started to pay. I left $20 buck on the table and got out of the restaurant to have a cigarette. I walked back and everybody decided to leave. 
As soon I get to my car, the waitress ran to my car then told me that I didn't pay. I calmed down and told them that I already paid for it, the bill was on the table. The funny thing is all of my friends, saw that bill BEFORE they left the table, just to make sure that we don't "eat-and-run". So.... the story end with the fact that I had to go back then PAY again this time. Then I heard something really, really irritating in the background. I might misheard it, but it was kind of racist. Like I said, I might misheard it, but this was the WORST experience I have with this dinner.
I love the foods, but the service.... I rather to take-out than sitting in there.Cold fries. Cheesesteak with no cheese to speak of (ordered with American). Roll completely saturated in grease. Inedible waste of money.It was a decent philly cheesesteak for a good price. I paid about $13 for a philly and fries. The service was quick and convenient. Make sure to ask for toppings. I didn't ask for onions which I'm accustomed to having as a default, it would have definitely been better with onions.I've had a cheesesteak here and I've had one at that place across the street.  Both were very good and nearly identical, but chubby's sandwiches are $1 cheaper, and they have a parking lot, and they have better seating, and they have frosted mugs.  
Today I had a ham hoagie from chubby's and  it will now be my new go-to spot for hoagies.  It was the best I've had since moving to Philly a year ago.  The ham was sliced extra thin, and there was plenty of it.  The onions were also paper thin.  Bread was soft.  They don't up-charge you for cheese or for provolone cheese on the hoagies. My own personal preference would be for more lettuce, but I know that's not popular here, so maybe next time ill order extra lettuce.  
Since they have the pepper bar they wont put the peppers on for you.went here a few days ago, ordered a buffalo chicken cheesesteak, and the boyfriend ordered a chicken steak with bbq sauce. both were served on a soft amoroso roll, with a generous amount of tender juicy chicken, and a good deal of sauce 
got a "huge" drink... it was rather large, a definite pro. 
overall, a pretty damn good place with decent prices, the only cons being that its a small place, so it may take you a minute to get seated [well worth it in my opinion] and that the parking lot spaces were also limited.Today was my first time eating at CHUBBY's. I had a CHICKEN CHEESE STEAK & FRIES and I must say it was  the best cheesesteak I ever ate in my life. The chicken was so Tender & Flavorful. This was a takeout order and it was speedy I'll Will definitely eat from here again until I start my diet HeheWas surprised to find the cheesesteak bland. Great portions and cheesy but steak itself lacked seasoning.A so-so cheesesteak - they always run a little dry - but a pretty great burger. The waitstaff can be pleasantly gruff, but it's that kinda diner - solid food, super cheap, take-out beer!I think this place gets overshadowed sometimes because Delassandro's is right across the street, but Chubby's has solid cheesesteaks, and also serves fries freshly fried upon order. Plus, they have parking, an actual seating area, and a full bar...a much better place to come if you're actually trying to enjoy your food with friends.Very good cheesesteak  but what made it better was the cold Samuel Adams Oktoberfest draft. Yes the steaks across the street at Dalassandro's are better but it's about quality of life. Elbow room, no line and a menu that will keep me coming backI seriously don't know how this place has good reviews. 
Dry, flavorless steaks. Cold fries. Inattentive wait staff. Didn't get offered a single refill for any of the 5 of us at the table. And did I mention how dry and bland steaks are?
I wish I could give zero stars.Want a good cheesesteak place? That's the place. Fast service and awesome cheesesteak with all kinds of hot peppers! Ask for Eileen. She rocks and is always there in the evening.Chubby's is a local favorite good food consistent service  now offering takeout and carry out beer .... you can't beat Chubby's!Defintely better than Pat's and Geno's but that's not saying much if you like chopped cheesesteak.
This is a Philly institution and has earned the respect that is bestowed upon it because of the cut of meat cooked to perfection with a cornucopia of pickled treats to light a fire on your tongue.
The cheesesteak is similar to Jim's with better toppings and a waitress to serve you.
Brings back great memories.  IF you have no memories here this place may seem like a cut above the rest but nothing to drive out of your way to eat.One of the best cheesesteaks in Philly is no more.  They have new owners who changed the roll, and reduced the amount of meat.  Great cheesesteaks were their core competency, so why change the sandwich?  If it was a profit margin concern I would gladly pay more for the same great cheesesteak.
I gave them 3 stars because the people who work their are great, and they have a bar with a big TV for sports.  However, if your looking for a best in Philly cheesesteak you should look elsewhere.Huge thanks to Chubby's for accommodating our party of 22 today! The steaks were amazing. I'll be back next time I'm in Philly.Went here after seeing that this place was voted one of the top cheesesteaks by Phl17.  Ended up getting the chicken cheesesteak.  It was large and really good.  As a loyalist to the place across the street I will say this cheesesteak held it's own.Decided to give another cheesesteak location a try. I've done Dalessandro's (located across the street), but it was a ways back so I'm not in a place to compare like for like.
     Part of the draw, at least online, Dalessandro's doesn't have fries, and I wanted some as a side. We drove over and ordered to go. I got a cheesesteak with whiz and fried onions, plus the fries and the app sampler.
     The cheesesteak was good. Not too dry, kept a good temp for the 10 minute drive home, onions were cooked well. I'd say the small downside was the onions are in fairly large pieces on top of the steak. I'd prefer diced smaller and incorporated for a more blended flavor, but the total taste was still good. Fries were a good sized order and cooked well. I know it's a personal preference, but I'd say they were slightly above average.
     The sampler was a little lacking. Not bad, but not worth getting again. It was supposed to be two chicken tenders, two onion rings, two mozzarella sticks, and two poblano poppers. On the upside, there were a few extra rings and I think an extra popper. Tenders were pretty good, but the rest was slightly overcooked. The other items had a darker, crunchy breading. I'd say just short of burnt, because not terrible, but noticeable overdone.
     For the cheesesteak and fries, I probably would have gone with a 4 star rating, the mediocre sample knocked it down. So if you're looking for just a cheesesteak, give it a go.Did I come to the wrong place? Did I get confused between this joint and another?
I have no idea. But what I do know is that I was expecting a great sandwich from a place that seemed to have a lot of local, authentic hype...instead I left confused and a bit disappointed.
I couldn't bring myself to order my sandwich with that ooey cheese whiz/nacho cheese stuff. Maybe that was a mistake! Instead, I got my sandwich with provolone and grilled onions. I was expecting a burst of savory goodness, but it seemed pretty bland to me. It's a good value for a nice portion, but the meat was relatively flavorless and the onions ad cheese weren't enough to turn this mediocre cheesesteak into a good cheesesteak.
It was my first time having a cheesteak so I had no idea what to expect, maybe I executed it wrong? Either way, I have no desire to ever try a cheesesteak again.My first philly cheesesteak ever! Chubby's definitely delivered and I enjoyed this classic meal. Recommend it to visitors and locals for an authentic philly cheesesteak. Plan on coming back in the future!It is called Chubby's for a reason, and you will see as soon as you walk in there.
Great burgers and steaks.  The pickle / pepper bar is a big plus.  I would advise getting the twist fries or curly fries as the regular fries are like slabs of potatoes.
Definitely going back.I had my first official phili cheesesteak here!  I really dont have anything to compare it to, but it thought it was pretty tasty.  I also tried their "spicy twist fries" which was essentially thin curly fries.  I was hoping it would be spicy or have some sort of special spices but nada!  At least it was made fresh to order and was straight out of the fryer.  
Overall I would probably come back for another bite.  Maybe next time I'll try adding some of the additional toppings they have to offer!Super friendly staff, clean place. amazing pickle/pepper bar. My family I and wanted to have an authentic cheesesteak and looked to yelp for help. After Reading many reviews we can across this and had to try it for ourselves.Service here is very quick and easy to manage. The menu is simple but has a ton of options to choose from. The cheesesteaks are great and the fries are some of the best around. If you know what you want to order when your waitress comes, your food will be out really quickly!So everyone tells me that I have to try Chubby's cheesesteaks. As it's right across the street from one of my favorite places for steaks I was happy to oblige. I got one of each and ate half the Chubby's and half Dalessandro's. These two steaks are distinctly different in taste. I believe that Chubby's has a much greasier taste. All in all I wasn't a fan. It was not bad but not good either. I live about 20 minutes from Roxborough and I'm happy to make that drive to get a steak from Momma's or Dalessandro's, I won't be making it for Chubby's.Chubby's gives you a rock solid Cheesesteak value - they're cooked to order with tons of flavorful meat that's slightly chopped. Very delish and satisfying.
Unlike alot of other Cheesesteak joints, Chubby's goes the extra mile in taking care of their customers with restaurant booth seating, accepting credit cards, has washrooms, and a 12 car parking lot.The cheesesteaks here are below average in my opinion.  They don't compare to my favorite place across the street.  I normally wouldn't stop in but it was late and they were open.  There are two benefits that Chubby's has though...  They have a full bar and have a fryer so you can get fires etc...New owners have completely wrecked the vibe.  Televisions EVERYWHERE.  The staff has mostly changed, and the new people have a horrific attitude.  Chubby's went from a shabby but cool place with good food to an unpleasant place to be.  
The food quality has dropped as well.  
I used to be a regular, sometimes just for food, sometimes for a few drinks and a snack, but after my fourth visit post-change in ownership I will NOT be back.  I'll take my chances crossing Henry Avenue to get a steak and beer at Dalesandro's...and you should too. 
R.I.P. Chubby's.  I can't see you being open under these new owners much longer.There was a time when Chubby's was my favorite place to go. They were the first steak shop that was also a full bar! Imagine getting a cheese steak and a beer and a shot of tequila to top it off. The waitresses were fantastic not to mention cute ( whatever happened to Tracy :(   ) And the food was great. Last time I was there recently I wasn't as thrilled about it all as I used to be. Service was a tad bit slow and not as friendly as was. But all in all it is still a better steak than any pizza shop I know.This little spot is right across the street from Dalessandro's and I love that place (I go there pretty much every time I'm in town and visiting my grandma) but I wanted to mix things up a little and try it out since my cousin prefers this place over Dalessandro's.
I've got to say, my heart is now torn between these two places. Good thing they're right across from each other so maybe I can do the gluttonous thing and order a sandwich from both places and just eat like there's no tomorrow.
Meat was cooked to order and was made well with quality meat. Had great tastes and flavors in just the right places. Only thing was I was in a rush so I had it to-go and so I didn't get to see what kind of condiments they had there. Wished I had time to see if they had some horse radish. But otherwise, just perfect. The server there was great and quick.
Parking: Street or small lot in front (next to a gas station)
Price: $8 per person
Wait: LittleCheese steak was alright- no Dalessandro's but it was good. The icing on the cake is they do sell fried items. Moss sticks, fries, curly fries... Dalessandro's does not. There is also seating inside Chubby's which is nice.It seems like a crazy thought to occur to me, after having lived in Philly for years and years. "I should eat more cheese steaks," I said to myself. Really?
No, I shouldn't. Really. But that's my brain, for you. Off the rails. We've probably shared maybe four cheese steaks between us, all year, my husband and I. There's a lotta other sandwiches and hoagies out there, you know, and so many other foodstuffs to get into our faces, but with some family in friends recently in town, we found ourselves in charge of a little cheese steak sampling tour for the people and Chubby's was definitely on the docket. Glad it was. 
This little steak shop with a diner counter feel knows what they're doin. My cheese steak with American was delicious. Sweet, caramelized onions melded into the scrambled chopped steak and cheese just right. Folded, sizzling into a fresh Amoroso roll, it was a classic specimen of how these babies are s'posed to be.
I love their little pepper and pickle bar too: Hots, sweets, relish style, and dried little hot chiles fried to black! YES. Other people must dig that selection plenty too cause by the containers of peppers there's a sign that states that unless you've bought a sandwich from Chubby's, you're gonna have to pay for those peppers. Who are these pepper thieves? C'mon ya rude things!
So, according to me, it's no wonder that Chubby's out in Roxborough always seems to be local favorite. It's an instant favorite for me. It's worth a little travelin. One bite outta my cheese steak and I thought, "I should be eating more cheese steaks." Chubby's got me thinkin thoughts.In the great Philly Cheese Steaks wars Chubby's hands down wins best Chicken cheese steak!  They also have a to die for pulled pork and great onion rings.  Must try place with beer to go.  Their Onion Rings and Pulled Pork Sandwiches are "must try".Friendly staff, fantastic cheesesteaks, great atmosphere, clean, and serves beer. What more can you ask for?! I'm mad I've never tried you this gem out before, but it's okay, better late than never!! I will most certainly be back, gotta try the wings next!!In Roxborough there are really only two authentic cheesesteak joints - though many places offer a really nice cheesesteak.  Chubby's and Dalessandro's.  I have not issue with Dalessandro's - they make a good sandwich - but this is about Chubby's so please keep that in mind. 
To the review - Chubby's is excellent!  The steaks are delicious, meaty, juicy, just messy enough, and filled with whatever you want.  There is also a nice relish bar to completely stock your steak - and if you like them spicy this is the place to be.  A cheesesteak is simple though - a great cheesesteak place has more to offer.  Chubby's delivers, with nice (if all fried) appetizers like the outstanding fresh cut fries (skip the neon cheese and go for the malt vinegar), poblano poppers or satisfyingly greasy, crispy, thick onion rings.  
There are more than steaks here too - the burgers are shocking tasty, and the roast pork (get it on the long roll, with long hots, and provolone) drips just enough to keep it moist but not enough to ruin your shirt.  Also: ask if they have chili.  It's not on every day, or even the same days each week, but when it IS on BUY IT.  It is exactly how chili should be made and they should have this on their menu every day, spring summer winter and fall.  (Get the hint guys?)
Unlike most cheesesteak joints Chubby's has almost a full bar - and nothing works like a few cold beers with that steak.  If you don't go crazy you can do a shot or two, and mixed drinks of the simpler variety are also available.  Plenty of beer to go - cheapest to-go Lager I have yet to find!  
Sit at the counter, sit in a booth, dine in or carry out - if you want a real tasty cheesesteak made by really nice people in a casual, fun environment that is clean and neat, Chubby's is the place.  And unlike across the street there are comfortable places to sit, and the line isn't bumping you while you try to eat your lunch.So delicious! Hidden gem in East Falls. Cheese wiz and onion cheese steak is the way to go!I stopped in here because Delassandro's was closed on a Sunday.  I never read anything about Chubby's until I realized Delassandro's was closed and looked on yelp.
I never had a Philly Cheesesteak served to me by a waitress before.  That was kinda weird.  But anyway, the steak was great.  I got a steak with onions and whiz.  The meat was even tasty just by itself!  I definitely can't decide whether or not I like this better than Jim's.
Only thing is, I don't see myself driving all the way out here just to get one of these....I just happen to be by a friend's out who lived less than 5 minutes away.
Definitely worth checking out if you're in the area!My friends and I order...40 min later the women finally realizes that she forgot to put our order in.  Doesn't tell us she forgot then put it at the back (you'd think she'd have the sense to put a rush on it...duh!).  Some dude walk by who appears to be a manager and has the nerve to ask us how are steaks were.  When we replied that we haven't gotten them yet he didn't seem to care at all and just shrugged it off. The customer service at Chubby's is horrible. 
Finally we left and went across the street to Dalessandro's...
Sorry not going back to Chubby's for a loooooonggggg time!Missed out on going this past weekend :(,  but for the whole two years I lived in Philly , Chubby's was always my go-to for Chicken Cheesesteaks!! 
The bun was always warm and soft and the meat, July and flavorful!! The staff were always warm and welcoming as well. Do you self a favor and FORGET about Pat's, Ishkibibbles, Gino's and all the other tourist spots near South Street and make a journey toward Roxborough for the best!!I had been down on Chubby's and had not been there in awhile but decided that enough time had passed to try them again. Well, I am glad I did because I had an excellent cheesteak (extra cheese and fried onions)and the curly fries with cheese were awesome. I find their meat to have a pretty authentic grill flavor I really can't put my finger on but love nonetheless. One thing I will say they are much better eating there with a cold beer!
Sorry Barbie M. but MOST places in the city don't use the ordering standard  "wit". Actually that is the practice at the tourist traps (Pat's and Genos) and the fact that you, being a "philly girl born and raised", it is kind of surprising that you'd just saunter up to the counter and ask for an "American Wit". Haha I'd have asked you "Wit what?" as well.Their steaks have a good meat-to-cheese ratio, and are very filling. They also have a reasonably priced selection of take-out beer.The great cheese steak debate : I like chubby's the best. I love that you can sit down, use your credit card and that the beef isn't chopped to the point is resembles ground beef.When I'm philly my wife and I always try a different cheesesteak place. Located across from another popular steak place, we decided to give chubby's a try! Very happy we did. Ample parking in parking lot, very friendly and prompt service and ample places to sit inside!  They even have a bar! I ordered a cheesesteak with onions and sharp provolone and my wife had wiz and no onions. Roll was crusty but not overly hard, did not dog! Meat was lightly seasoned but not over the top! Overall cheesesteak was very good! As a bonus they have awesome curly fries with cheese.I honestly don't know what has happened to the place I once loved so much???  Today I went and the place was literally empty 1:30 in the afternoon.  My order was taken with my repeating it twice .  When I got to my location and handed out the sandwiches much to my shock nothing and I mean nothing was what I ordered! 
Worse what was provided was mushy bread with little or no contents !  Literally empty bread with low grade minimal contents all of which I didn't order !  This explains why the place is empty!Couple years ago I asked some college students from Temple U. where there's a good cheesesteak that serves beer too in Philly. Some of the popularly known places on the south side don't. Chubby's was a recommendation. Way up northwest Philadelphia! So far off the beaten path, is it worth it? Into Google Navigation. My oh my, not a big place. Parking was small and full too. Drove around and found decent parking with a short walk along the park on Walnut Ln. 
Inside, again small and cozy. The aroma is seductive. You know upon first sight this is going to be a favorite. Yes, beer. One visit during an Eagles game, all draft beers were $2. 
The cheesesteaks are as reported here, the best you will find anywhere. When I go elsewhere Chubby's is my Gold Standard. Usually disappointed as for whatever reason, price, size, taste, doesn't match Chubby's. No pepper bar! The ambiance too. This feels like a clubhouse, a place for locals. Judging from the out-of-state license plates, this is known by serious aficionados as the place in Philly to go. 
Staff are great. 
I cannot keep doing 5 star reviews. 4.5 stars? Chubby's is 5 star.Cheasesteak filled trip to Philly lead me here along with a few other of the great stops.
Worst cheesesteak of the bunch, i mean no cheese whiz on a Philly Cheasesteak whats up with that??
It was dry and bland and also the cheapest, I guess you get what you pay for!Honestly, I stop in to Chubby's about twice a week if not more.  No, I am not "pleasantly plump" because of that...I do not eat a cheese steak that often.  Truth is, it is right on my way home from work, and they have decently priced drinks as well!!! Isaac and I have become Chubby's regulars...lol.  We love the staff!!!
As for the food: 
I would say they have one of the best cheese steaks around.  Sometimes it is better then others, but that's everywhere.  The rest of the menu is good too!  I was hesitant at first to try their tuna...I am always scared to try the tuna.  However, I have to tell you the make the best tuna sandwich, outside of my mom of course.  Also, the burgers are pretty good.  Only complaint I have is that sometimes the rolls are to soft.  Other then that this place is great.
Service: A+
Food: A-
Atmosphere: C+ 
Prices: A
Overall: AI'ma fan. Great service. Great steaks. Waitresses are very competent. Low key and did I mention great steaks?Always a fun jovial crowd, even though I usually pop in and out for carry out. One of my tried and true neighborhood spots. The Chubby Special is hard to beat for this burger loving chile. Price is awesome and it's a real big ass burger, with fries. Always hits the spot!went to chubbys for the first time in over a year or so and I was suprised that the hoagies were not as good as before-not much meat. I went across the street to deli's a few weeks ago and even that was just so-so but better a more filled than chubs. Honestly, these days I'm not sure where you can go for a 'great csteak or 'Real' Italian Hoagie'.Jumped in here on the recommendation of a friend. And I'm glad I did. I've done all of the usual spots from Genos to Jims to Tony Lukes...and quite a few in between. Chubby's is near the top of the list in my book.
First of all...there's a real parking lot! Well, it's small, but at least it's off street. Then there's the food itself.I had a cheesesteak with provolone (and onions, naturally). Plenty of meat, lots of flavor, and the roll was fresh and tasty. Very nice.
That said, I haven't been to Dalessandro's yet for a proper comparison. Maybe the next trip through town. Until then, I'll be happy to revisit Chubby's for a cheesesteak.A group of 11 of us popped in here about 9:30 - 10:00 PM Saturday night.
The place was clean and the staff was friendly and efficient.  I like the fact that there is on premises parking, unlike some of the other cheesesteak places in Philly.  This one is not in the downtown area, so we Ubered to this location and next time we will just drive our car which we left in the hotel lot instead of taking a chance with the PPA.  
The beer selection was great!  The cheesesteak compared greatly to the other "famous" places.  The meat had a very good flavor.  The sandwich was not greasy at all!!  They put the perfect cheese/meat/onion ratio on my sandwich and the bread was just delicious!  This place is number two on my entire Philly Cheesesteak list!Alot of people I know suggested Chubby's. I must say the steaks are not bad. Service was great. Not the best steak I have had in philly but not the worst for sure!Ok, so we were in Philly for three days and hit three different joints, and it was like the classic "good, better, best" exercises in grade school: Dalessandros  (good), Larry's  (better), and Chubbys  (for damn sure the best!)  I got mine with American cheese, sweet, mushrooms, grilled onions, and broccoli rabe, and lemme tell you something, that thing was on point! The freshness of the ingredients, esp the contrast of the veggies with the beef and cheese was electric and spot on. The sandwich was hot throughout  the meal, and went great with my fries and golden monkey beer. Truly appreciated the sit-down atmosphere, a true neighborhood joint where you're waited on and has a bar!  Shoot, thank God no having to sit outside here!  I can just  imagine locals coming here after a long day at work to unwind. Lemme tell you something: when we're in Philly, we're coming here. 'Nuff said.I eat there often and I really like this place. The have beer selections and can't go wrong with burgers and cheese steaks. However, they have to stop pushing people when ordering on the phone. If it's the old lady or the younger woman on the phone who rushes u "anything else" when I haven't finish ordering, it's not polite. Other than that everything is greatThe pizza steak is amaaaazing! Get the curly fries with cheese too! I love their selections or rare gourmet drinks, beer, and liquors! Yum!Very good cheesteaks. I love this place with wiz or American any cheese you like they do it right. They also have French fries and other finger foods which is great. It's also nice since they have a little bar and a tv to watch sports. Great atmosphere, great people and amazing cheesteaks. I highly recommend.Better than Delassandro's because it has a bar and six-packs to go! But I'm not a fan of either's finely chopped meat. I had the chicken cheesesteak wiz wit here. The cheese is only on the bottom and the onions are way bigger than the chicken and could be cooked longer. Overall, it will still satisfy a craving, but I still would probably drive into the city to get a better one.Big portions, good prices, nice staff and a hot pepper medley to friggin die for, makes my day almost everyday.  Thank you.  oh and Forty's when i want to get crunk.I use to love Chubby's but as of 2/15/17 they have changed. Cheesesteaks are now more money if you sit down compared to ordering to go. NO MORE FREE REFILLS on soda or juices. NO MORE FREE REFILLS on pickles, hot peppers, or sweet peppers. You have to ask for them and they will give you one container full. In addition, you now have to ask for a key to use the restroom; which could be a little disgusting as to hold a key when everyone doesn't wash their hands. Ewwwwww. Not really sure if I'll be back as I was a frequent customer on Thursday nights. May have to visit Mama's on Belmont Ave.Forget that other cheesesteak rivalry in south Philly. Chubby's vs. D'allesadro's is a much better rivalry. CHUBBY'S is my current favorite, but I'm really missing that hot pepper bar they used to have. If you ask they will give you a small container of pickled jalapenos. But it's not enough IMO for a whole steak, and the pepper variety is gone. With the hot pepper bar Chubby's is 5-stars! Please bring it back. I'm going across the street next time to see if anything's changed.My friend and I were talking and he soon discovered that I never had a good cheese steak sandwich. So he decided to school me by taking me on a road trip to Chubby's. Although the actual location looks like it needs a serious renovation (I felt like I wanted to douse myself in GermX after sitting down at a booth, don't mind me, that's just my OCD). My OCD literally flew out the window after taking my first bite of this rediculously delicious Philly Cheese Steak Sandwich. Yea, that's how good it was. My mind literally exploded, along with my taste buds. I found myself in Philly Cheese Steak Heaven. I can go on and on about how amazing this sandwich was, but I think you all get the gist. If you haven't been to Chubby's yet, you're seriously missing out.Solid cheesesteak. Better than Dalessandro's across the street; I prefer sliced steak to ground beef and I think the bread here is better. Also has a bathroomCame here with me gf a little buzzed. Great service. Made me feel like family. serve alcohol. Best cheesesteak in philly. Forget about the big names. This place is where it's at. Promise to come here at least once a month.Been here many times, always a good time.  Close ride, open late on friday and saturday nights and they take credit cards.  
Good quality cheesesteak, hand cut fries and an ok bottled beer selection to boot.
One of my favorite night time spots.Popped in the other day for the first time. Was impressed. Got a cheese steak and fries. Food was good. They have booze in there which is a bonus. Service wasn't bad. Staff seemed a little miserable. Very nice place inside.Just tried here for the first time the other nite. I drive by daily but was never overcome to eat there. I think they're overshadowed by the popular cheesesteak place across the street .. And honestly I was a little put off by the name.. Because who wants to be .."chubby" ? Until I was having a chubby girl nite and searching Yelp for somewhere to go .. Their menu goes beyond just cheesesteaks and the regulars - they have pork roll sandwiches , grilled cheese etc.
And the best is they have a bar and $2 DRAFT BEER during any Philly sports game! The girls working here were SO nice and the service was fast! Their fries were handcut and delicious ! It's not big or fancy inside but it's a great spot for food and ambiance ! Everyone seemed to know each other coming in here and it was lively listening in on neighborhood gossip. We'll definitely be back!I was recently introduced to Chubby's and on my second visit I ordered a regular cheese steak. Within hours I contracted a stomach virus and the friend I went with had to end our day because a visit to the restroom was seriously needed. My visit to the restaurant was yesterday and I am currently bed ridden... I can't say that I will ever recommend this place to anyone. They should look into the way their food is handled.Don't listen to your buddy who lives in the Main Line and thinks he knows "the best spot for a steak" and sends you to the place across the street. Listen to me .... I've lived here my entire life and this is the spot. 
If you want a real steak, this is where you need to go. Fresh rolls and made to order sandwiches. The meat isn't left out on the grill all day like the place across the street. 
Try the smoked peppers on your sandwich as well. A wonderful kick of flavor.After so many folks told us about the rivalry between this spot and D'Allessandro's..we figured we should try the other one out. Unfortunately, we felt Chubby's steaks were just ok. Maybe a small step up form your usual pizza shop steak. Fries were good..staff friendly..but it's not really in the same class as D'Alessandro's for us, anyway.We've been going here for years.  The cheesesteaks are great, and their hoagies are full of meat and delicious.  They are open until at least 2am on weekends.  My favorite part about it is the self serve hot peppers.great steaks. nice and cheesyyyy. plus they have fries which Dalessandro's doesn't carry. 
obviously not as cool of an old school feel as Dalessandro's but i usually choose chubby's when im in that neighborhood.Open late, serves beer and mixed drinks and makes great cheesesteak hoagies and fries!Great sandwiches, amazing fries and the coldest beer I've had in ages. They sell six packs to go - just be sure to check the price before checking out - we were a little shocked over 14 bucks for a sixer of Hoegaarden. We're new in town and didn't know better. I also love the pickles at their pickle/pepper bar.The food was great but dining in the service is terrible. It took forever for the waitress to come over to greet us and take the order. Then we waited forever for our drinks once we received our they totally ignored us for the entire meal to the point I had to put my jacket on and stand up as if about to leave before someone came over to wrap the sandwiches and give us the tab. I will go again but I will do TogoWhen you enter the smell of dirty dishwater hits you pretty hard. Food was decent but if I'm going for a cheese steak I prefer dalassandros across the st.Mmmm Mmmm good! One of my roomies is from Philly and one weekend she brought me back a chicken cheese steak. It was soo good. I ate half of it while it was still cold, and I microwaved the other half the next day. Both times were amazing, so I can only imagine how much better it would have tasted if I were actually there. If I ever go to Philly, I will be going to Chubby's!I had their Cheese Steak with grilled onions, and Cheeze-It with mayo.  The sandwich was quite long, and it comes with diced ground steak meat, a spread of Cheez-It sauce on the bread, sliced provolone, and diced 'fried' onions (which were actually long strips, not diced).  The cheesesteak itself was okay, but the meat itself was a little underseasoned.  They also have a small condiment section with different types of hot peppers, sweet peppers, and sliced dill pickles.  We also had the curly fries, which were out of the fryer, which were nice and crispy.
+underseasoned meat
+fresh curly friesOn a visit to Philly, I was told by locals that THIS was the actual spot to go to for a REAL Philly Cheeze. They were right. Amazing, friendly service, great drink options, and the sandwiches and fries were to die for!!!!!Funny story... As we walk in, these teenage boys start sprint out... Couple seconds later we see the waitress come running out. A guy who happen to see the whole thing (a probably a regular) jumped in his truck and told the waitress he will get them...
This is Great cheese steak. This is why you go to Philly to get a cheese steak!
... While we get our cheese steak, the guy comes back and said the other customer that the waitress was serving was a cop and the cop nabbed them. And gave the waitress $50.. from the conversation I guess the tab was only half that!
Ok, ok, I am not a writer by nature... the story might be so so but the cheese steak was really great!!!Grew up across the Schuykyl  (sp) in Merion Station and didn't discover Chubby's until 35 years later when D'Alessandro's was closed on a Sunday afternoon and I was looki ng for a cheesesteak or 3 with my two hungry teenage sons.
I love it.   Think it is as good as D'Alessandro's and there are even some booths to sit in w hile you eat!  Hoagies, Fries, also excellent.  Ice cold frosted mugs make the beer taste even better.
Food is a 10.  Atmosphere is rough at best.
Of the 150 or so cheesesteak joints I have eaten at in m y life,  this is the best.
I forgot to mention,  they have the finest selecition of various types of peppers--from sweet to inflamatory-- anywhere,  at no charge,  to put on your steaks.  They also will pack up the  filling for the cheesesteaks separately from the rolls if they are gooing on a long road t rip.True story this.  I was leaving New Orleans after the hurricane to come show my face to my friends and family to prove that I was not a refugee BUT, before I could go to see them, there was something I was craving after ten years in LA...a Chubby's Cheesesteak!  Yes... I stopped there FIRST before even seeing my Ma!  That should tell you how good these steaks are.  So why the missing star?
Well, I think that they have had a change in management since I remembered and I certainly see some differences in portion and even flavour.  But I also have to say that the service has diminished a little.  Now, I am not saying that I would throw my sandwich back at them if given one...nor would I drive past this venue and not stop and dine on a Sunday afternoon when it's competition, Dellasandro's is closed, but, I could not give full marks because I want my readers to know the best of Philly.  And Chubby's can do more because it used to!  
Still, if you happen to be in the Roxborough neighborhood, you have to get me a steak sandwich with fried onions, banana peppers, provolone, mayo, mustard, and ketchup!  (Did I just ruin this for you?)  YUM YUM YUMChubby's is our neighborhood go to spot. I love Delassandro's, too, but Chubby's has a little more variety (and amazing hoagies). Added plus, they have an extremely reasonable, full service bar!Good cheesesteaks for the neighborhood. The hot pepper selection is great and the staff is friendly. As someone who likes their cheesesteaks all hours of the night I have had trouble nailing down their hours as they seem to close early when business is slow mid-week.This place is the best! The waitress (Sheri) was awesome, even though she made fun of me, calling it a submarine sammich, instead of a hoagie!!  Bread was dynamite!!went here twice while we were here once for cheesesteak with cheese whiz it was good the bread was good too .second time we had Italian hoagies it was ok . my husband and I liked the cheesesteak better my son liked his cheesesteak with American cheese . it was good we had fries too .I've heard great things about Chubby's.  It wasn't bad -- it just wasn't as good as Dalessando's across the street.  In my journey for the best cheesesteak (about 15 places visited so far, Chubby's hangs out around the middle of the list....)So the other place across the street might be trending but Chubby's is more your local clientele...a no BS staff and 10 star sandwiches.
Okay we're talking chicken cheesteaks here! It's chopped up like I've never seen before and taste delicious. I went crazy on my sandwich with wiz and pepperjack cheese, hot peppers, sweet peppers and two kinds of sauces on the side....and a beer! A local one!
She tried to talk me out of getting all sloppy with the sandwich but I talked her back into it!
There's something to be said about chicken cheesesteaks in Philadelphia!My favorite cheesesteak in Philly.  I found Chubbys after I attempted to go to Dallesandros on a Sunday (and they're closed) and found this gem across the street.
The cheesesteaks are delicious, huge.  They have great beer specials.  Can't beat it.Ordered a steak wit wiz and fries. The service was quick but the management was unfriendly. The steak was chopped to a good size but lacked flavor. The fries were steak cut and had just the right amount of salt.Best philly cheesesteaks!!!!!!  Better than Pat and Geno's (BY FAR)... better than delassandro's and larry's... they are just amazing.  
I LOVE CHUBBY'S!It's a bit of a dive but they have the best cheesesteaks in Philly!Excellent cheesesteaks, friendly staff and great environment.
The aspect of this joint that stands out is the variety of cheesesteaks that they serve up - classic (steak), chicken, veggie, mushroom, even a "pizza" one. As long as you are down for a Philly staple, Chubby's can't be beat.
TIP: For those out for a round at Walnut Lane Golf Club, plan on Chubby's for a post-game meal. It's a great way to cool down and relax.Chubby's is one cool joint...It looks like a small version of a 50's diner with aluminum siding and everything...Most say that Delassandro's across the street is better, but although I love Delassandro's, I beg to differ...this is probably my favorite place in Philly to get a cheese steak, and I grew up in Philly, so this is saying a lot.
I love the grimy atmosphere, it is definitely far from fancy, but adds to the true Philly cheese steak experience. I love the little booths out back where you can sit down in "diner style" and eat. I love their drink selection--from lemonade to Yengling lager. 
My usual is a cheese steak with onions and provolone. Later, I may decide to "spruce it up" with some ketchup or sweet peppers and pickles on the side, these and more sides are available for free with no limit.
This place does get busy, but never fails to get me a seat within a reasonable time limit. The service is fast, although the friendliness level is rather lacking. But, once again, just like you would expect a true Philly "hole in a wall" type of cheese steak place to be...
Fries and onion rings are also excellent here and the availability of a small parking lot is truly a luxury in a city where parallel parking is where it's at...
Recommended joint if you are not put off by Philly grime (I mean it in a good way), and if you want AUTHENTIC and not touristy experience eating a cheese steak.Great food, They have fries, Parking, rest room's, (some places do not) Love the pepper bar, Great staff, & they have great contests too.Top notch cheesesteak joint. Has a good rivalry with Delessandro's next door. Bread was fresh, meat was tasty. Pepper bar was a plus - love the sweet peppers.
Tough call between Chubbys and Delessandro's cheesesteaks, but both are some of the best in Philly.
Chubbys does take credit card, which is nice in the 21st century.The best Philly cheesesteak I've ever had. It's very good in here. It's small and tight but the food is quality. I would eat here again when k come to PhillyI love this place. It's always hard to decide between dalessandros and chubby's because they are directly across the street from each other. But Chubby's is better because 1) their cheesesteaks are amazing, 2) they have a larger menu, 3) they have yummy provolone cheese, 4) they have much more space and seating than Dalessandro's, and 5) they have an amazing pepper bar with the best pickle slices in the city!!!!! Anytime my family members come from out of town  we go here!!!!eh,
place is old. dirty. food is ok. good spot to get a 40 if you need one.
cheesesteaks? eh, i think i can make these at home. 
matter of fact, everything at this place seems like it was frozen before and put in a microwave. it just seems so fake. food you make at home, not that good stuff tho.
if you wan to eat, go across the street. they'll take care of youI used to live nearby and loved their burgers.  Their steaks are good too, but I am partial to the burgers.  They are handshaped and always fresh.  Writing this makes me want to drive across the city for a Chubby burger2nd and 3rd Cheese steak in 24 hours.
This time it was across the street from Dalessandro's at Cubby's. I ordered the exact same thing, cheese steak with onions, whiz, and provolone. 
http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/PgUoeGam08nCaLWJwrmrWQ?select=uc03IgkZxsepluUjfz1f8Q
I'd say the bread here was on par but the meat was chopped a little finer, which as it turns out I did not prefer as much. The marked difference was that Chubby's was not afraid to lather on the whiz.. So much so, I was unable to really taste the provolone, the meat, the bread, and only the hot peppers peaked up. 
While I am a lover of the whiz, it really took away from the sandwich. Overall, this was a meh. We ended up walking across the street to Dalessandro's right after to have one of theirs to top us off.Sorry Chubbs but I agree with another post, my cheese steak was really bland. No flavor what so ever. I should of crossed the street and had Delasandros.To be honest, I have never tried dalessandro's cheeseteaks, mainly because I LOVE chubby's and haven't felt the need to go  across the street. So I am not going to say whose are better. 
Chubby's cheeseteaks are amazing, the meat has just enough fat in it (not too greassy, not dry). The service is cordial, but some times slow depending on how busy it is in there. 
It is worth giving it a try... I have been coming to this restaurant for 9 years, and will keep coming back.Definitely the best cheesesteak I've had in Philly . The meat is fantastic,the pickle/pepper bar is great and you can grab gas at the same time you pick up your food.I am writing this review based on the service I received just a few hours ago. I've been going to chubbys since I was a kid and the way that I was treated today was just disrespectful. Oh BTW I also love Delisandros, I actually prefer Delisandros over chubbys, but I go back and fourth because chubbys holds near and dear with nostalgia from going there with my family all my life. Well today I wanted a Delis cheese steak and delis doesn't have cheese fries, so I pulled the old get the sandwich from delis and the fries from chubbys. 
        The lady at the register was very short and rude with me as I asked for my fries. I then asked her about the random candles they had for sale at the register and she made it like she didn't here me. I said excuse me and asked again and asked if they had a specific vanilla candle that was there the last week I was there. She responded in a very rude and undermining tone without making any eye contact saying no we don't have it. She then walked away and said something to the cooks about my fries. BTW, 2 orders of fries with ex cheese ended up costing me $11. I got some peppers from the pepper bar and waited for the fries. She threw them in a bag told me the price and I gave her the money. After giving me my change she noticed my little side of peppers and said to me, "I should've charged you for the peppers, yeah next time I'm going to charge you for them". I had no words, I could not understand what I could've done to her to make her act this way towards me. I said why would you charge me for the peppers which if you have been to chubbys you would understand that these Lil guys are always free. She told me that the peppers are only for the cheesesteaks. I didn't even have any words for her. I just smiled, took my change and left. 
        As I said before, I have been a customer of both restaurants for a long time, giving them both an almost equal amount of business. I wish she understood that competition is healthy for any successful business, and to not take it so personal  that today I was in the mood for a Delis cheesesteak. Because of this I will probably not eat there again. I've never done anything wrong to that place, always spoke highly of them, just to be treated like garbage because of, honestly I don't even know what I did, in the end I still payed $11 for 2 sides of fries. I'm believe that you should treat people that deserve it with respect. I would rather not eat at a place that is so petty, and so quick to disrespect a long time customer. Overpriced, not worth the mistreatment.3 / 11 of my cheesesteak pilgrimage (see my list!)
Some people have been saying that Chubby's can be hit or miss.  Maybe I came on a miss night?
My cheesesteak just wasn't...cheesy.  I went with provolone, but it was just too mild for me to really notice it.  It was more filled out than some of the other sandwiches I tried, so I'll give it points for that.  Also, the staff was a bit abrasive.  Of all the cheesesteak joints I hit up, I was the most uncomfortable here.
Protip: what they call "spicy twist fries" are really just Arby's curly fries.  I was hoping for something a bit more unique.The food was nothing more than mediocre.  I laughed as soon as I walked in because I read a previous review saying the dirty dish water smell hits you pretty hard, they wasn't lying.  The service was extremely slow, I waited almost a half hour for just a cheesesteak.  I think the steak meat itself is better than Dalessandro's, however I did enjoy Dalessandro's cheesesteak better overall.After having cheesesteaks and closing the place down @ D'Alessandro's me and my cousin decided to come over to this place and end the night with a couple of beers. The place seems to be a diner that serves cheesesteaks and beer which is cool...I did not have a cheesesteak as I was already full from the previous joint right across the street. I saw that they had Yeungling Black & Tan in which I have never had. I enjoyed 2 of them for about $3 each...nice price! We had good conversations with the staff as they closed down the place. I like this place and look forward to coming back here to have a cheesesteak with my Yeungling Black & Tan next timeBest cheesesteak in Philadelphia, hands down.
Great steak joint. Very cool divey ambiance. Got a bar with a few taps and tv's with sports on. The cheesesteak was amazing though. Everything was perfect, the meat, the peppers, the cheese. It all came together to make a perfect cheesesteak.
If not for the health implications, I'd eat Chubby's cheesesteaks every meal. So for now, i'll just have to save them for that special once-in-a-while treat.yeah, almost as good as Dellassandro's. almost as good as that makes this a damn good steak though.  and they do have good onion rings, and the curly fries also. open sunday is good because steaks can and will make you lazy.It's not that I can't figure out whats better - chubby or dalessandros? I can't figure out why anyone could like either of them. I've got nothing against chopped up steak on cheese steaks or the unchopped style. I like both. But these two were both dried out and flavorless. I'm beginning to think instead of fresh beef they use beef jerky. That's how dry they were. Somehow my roommate even thought it tasted like fish.
The best thing I had from here was the chocolate chip cookie. Just what I'm looking for in a cheese steak place.  I don't know.  Maybe I'll give them a second chance someday.I've been to pretty much all the top Philly Cheese steak places in Philly, Chubby's by far I think is the best cheese steak in Philly. The steak is juicy and not greasy and it's a nice size sandwich. I also love that you can sit comfortably and has waitress service. It is outside of the city but well worth it. Fries are also pretty tasty. People here are friendly and take care of you.I ordered a cheesesteak with mushrooms and it was delicious!! Chubby's is definitely up there with other great cheesesteak places! Worth a try, you won't be let down!Never had a bad sandwich at Chubby's, best in the area, great fixing's bar, the best hot peppers, much better than the joint across the street, they also make a great chicken cheese steak,and a really good burger, the waistaff has always been very pleasant to me,The cheesesteaks were good here. I would have liked it more if they chopped up their meat and peppers a little more. I felt like the chunks in there were too big. The flavor was ok. It was better than across the street. Also, the cheese was on the light side. If there was more added in there and melted into the meat, it would have been better.food excellent, cashier can not take a simple order the cashier made a mistake with order and then act like its the custumer fault did not apologize and was rude.you need more than good food you need good service which i got across the street at dalessandro with a smile.good service is crucial when you have restaurant across the street, two actually have a nice dayI loveeeeee chubbys chicken cheesesteaks and fries. Thats the only thing, I really get.  The staff is okay, sometimes they sound a lil abrupt over the phone. But all in all a great place.  My hubby likes the beers and the regular cheesesteak.
You never have to wait a longtime to get your food even if you just walk in, verses calling first.I was really excited to go here after my friend talked it up and I read the Yelp reviews.  However, the chicken cheesesteak left a lot to be desired.  While the meat was good, not too cheesy and a lot of onions & peppers, the roll was so soft it was hard to hold the meat in.  It was nice to get a $2 Yuengling draft during the Phillies game in a chilled glass and a cool concept to have a bar/steak joint, but certainly nowhere I would ever consider for a go to steak sandwich.  While I didn't have the cheesesteak, the roll situation would inevitably cause the same shortfall.  To everyone that thinks Chubby's (and delessandros and pretty much every other cheesesteak in the city) is amazing, please do yourself a favor and go to John's Roast Pork.  Your life will change.Was visiting Philly today and decided to stop for a cheesesteak. This was my first time eating here and over all it wasn't bad. The only downside was they messed up my order. Although it wasn't what I ordered the cheesesteak itself wasn't bad. I'm not sure how soon I'll be back but I wouldn't be opposed to giving them a second chance.Seems like most people think of Chubby's as the ugly sister. Not really a fair assessment. While Dalessandro's has more of a reputation, it has had its ups and downs. Meanwhile, Chubby's has consistently churned out quality food across the years.
With Chubby's, you know what you are getting: a good cheese steak. They also have an assortment of beers available, albeit a bit pricey. Nonetheless, you will not go wrong with either Chubby's or 
Dalessandro's.I love being able to meet up with Old Friends,  and chopping it up at Chubbys.  I come here ofter,  when I am in the neighborhood. Def a great spot to enjoy a Cheesesteak and Rootbeerif you dont feel like waiting forever for d's, head over to chubbys across the street and grab a yueng and a quality steakWhenever I get a chance to visit my parents I enjoy stopping by Chubby's with them  ,  ordering a  chicken cheesesteak with cheese fries . My only complaint is that  their chicken isn't real chicken breast it's  frozen strips  and than chopped up and fried. But I enjoy the atmosphere there it's  pretty cool !  I like the fact that there is  a jukebox if you want to listen to music , it's a dollar a song if the track is popular so your  dollars will go pretty fast if you're staying and would like to listen to music. There is tv's at the bar so that's cool too if any games is on .Im only giving a 4 stars because the chicken isn't real but  it's still pretty good ,  the rolls are soft after reheating  if you have leftovers to take home or take out .Chubby's has always been my favorite cheesesteak place in all of Philly and I've been a local my whole life.  The pepper bar was one of my favorite parts of going there and now it's gone.  I get it.... people were taking advantage and screwed it up for everyone else but c'mon.  That was one of the reasons why I went there as opposed to Dalessandro's.  Y'all better step it up or something because Dalessandro's is ALWAYS busy.I felt a wave of guilt wash over my brain at the moment I committed to making the following statement...OK, I'm not ready to say it yet. Let's talk about Chubby's first, and then perhaps I will be able to conjure the courage to make my confession to you. 
Chubby's is REALLY, really, REALLY good. They have one of the best cheesesteaks I've ever had and their hoagies are also seriously good. I stop in here about once every couple of months or so (would come more, but I understand that eating this kind of food regularly will cause you to transubstantiate into King Hippo). I usually come in after a night out because Chubby's is open late on the weekends (till 2). And it's totally worth leaving the bar a little early so that you can close up the night here. Trust me. 
There are a few things that make this one of the best cheesesteaks you will ever have. One, the meat. It's rich and tasty and fresh. You can tell that it's very high quality. Two, the bread: Conshohocken bakery rolls. Just enough crunch. Perfect taste that does not get in the way of the contents. Three, the love you can tell they put into their sandwiches. You can taste love. And love is delicious. 
But, for me, there is one facet that is worthy of its own paragraph--the hot pepper and pickle bar. OMG. I don't say "OMG." OMG. If you've ever read my sandwich reviews, where I usually go on and on about what kind of hot peppers (banana, cherry, relish) a place uses and why it's a good choice or not, you will know that my brain went into overload when I saw Chubby's hot pepper bar. They've got them all:
   * hot pepper relish - usually my favorite. This stuff marries with the with mayo to make a beautiful offspring. 
   * cherry peppers - I love these because they usually have a little heat to them, and I mix them with the relish. 
  * HABANERO blend - Chubby's has an ultra hot habanero pepper blend that will keep your lips smoldering for hours. Not for the faint of heart, but a can't-miss for the heat seekers amongst us. You will pay for choose this one. Oh, you'll pay. 
  * black mystery peppers - have not tried these yet, as I didn't have time to risk a Homer-esque hallucination, but I understand they may be slightly less hot than the habanero blend. 
They also have pickles on the bar. I love pickles. 
And all of this brings me to my admission, which is certainly painful for me to express in such a public forum, and as a Manayunk/Roxborough denizen. OK, here goes: I think Cubby's is better than Dalessandro's. THERE I said it. Now just leave me alone!Absolutely horrible..... this was an awful experience..... the meat was lowest quality possible.....staff was nice thou.....I have to say the cheesesteak was extremely disappointing.  I barely ate half of it and then asked for an order of fries so I could fill up my belly with something good.  They do have good fries but definitely go across the street to Dalessandro's where they have sharp provolone and much better peppers.  Also, the service at Dalessandro's is by FAR so much better (over the top - better) than Chubby's.  The women in there carry on their own conversation while you are trying to have your dinner and wait on them to get done so they can serve a drink you've been waiting on for 7 minutes.  Don't wast the money.This place is nothing fancy. It looks like a converted old diner, and well, it is a converted old diner. It's a cheesesteak diner. A Cheesesteak Diner with beer! The steaks here are really delicious. I don't eat meat all the time, but this made it "worth it". The grease, onions, melty cheese and crusty bread all blend together and melt in your mouth! There were plenty of other options on the menu too, but I chose to stick with the obvious. There is also an extensive beer list at this diner... and it's dirt cheap. I'm talking $3 for a Victory Golden Monkey (which is normally at least $6 in most bars). 
Chubby's is a unique little gem, and I'd definitely like to return again! I'd like to say that when I return, I'd mix it up and try something different... but in this case, I think I'll return for another steak & Monkey! :-)I've not had many cheese steaks in philly, yet, however, I really appreciate the cheese steaks from Chubby's.I got back in late from vacation so my favorite cheesesteak place (Delassandros) was closed. I was in the mood for a cheesesteak so I went across the street to Chubby's to give them a try.
I have to say that I was disappointed. It is not Delassandros. Too little fried onions. The roll fell apart. I was not impressed by the cheesesteak. There will not be a repeat visit in the future.
That said, the positives is there is more room to sit down. And they have fries. That's it. Moving on.Another review from a tourists point of view.
Last month we were passing through the Philly area and decided to do the "classic" cheese steak comparison between Pat's and Geno's that seems to be on most foodie shows.  However, after doing a little research, it was clear that those two, while they get on shows, aren't the "BEST" as voted by the locals.  
Chubby's was rated highly over a few years, and close by, so we stopped in.
No wait!  Yeah, that's a big plus right there.  They have parking!  Another plus.  
The steaks?  Mmmmm! (Ok, the kid isn't all that into meat, but she still thought it was passable).  Onions and provolone.... fresh bread...  we were driving back towards Boston, and I couldn't help it, it smelled so good, I had to steer with my knees and munch on the sandwich when I could.  Juicy, meaty, cheesy goodness!  
I suppose I should have gotten another one with cheese whiz for authenticity, but I just couldn't imagine having to eat that processed %*^%*^&$!  Swiss might have been a good option.
The staff was helpful and pleasant, the prices good, and they had a bunch of free pickles and peppers.
Now I just need to find a local California spot that comes close (our caterer makes hideous cheesesteaks!)Solid cheese steak, but NOT AS GOOD as DELASANDRO's. Fora purely objective taste test, I ate a chubby's steak and del's steak side by side simultaneously for direct comparison. Delassandro's came out on top and beats chubby's by at least a full star. Did it again a year later and came to the same conclusion as did my girlfriend. For you non-believers, bring a friend and order one cheesteak from both Del's & Chubby's, split them so you have half from both fine establishments. Try one then try the other. If you still think Chubby's is better you may need to have your taste buds examined. Dels= better meat, slightly better bread, same cheese ( del puts more on).I'm basing this review ONLY upon the most basic of cheesesteaks: provolone cheese, steak, and bread.
Type of Meat: Pulverized
Cheesiness:  This place had a good cheese-to-meat ratio.
Gristle Factor: Low to Moderate.  There were definitely some crunchy moments that grossed me out a bit.
Value for Price: It's a good sized, filling cheesesteak, well worth what I paid for it.
X-Factor: This establishment has a parking lot.
Final Verdict: Honestly, if you're going cheesesteak shopping, this place gets the job done, but it's my opinion that you're better off rocking across the street to Dalessandro's.Since I was in the area and already went to D's across the st, I had high hopes for this place. Walking inside it was less busy than D's but it took about 3x as long to get a cheesesteak...go figure. The meat they use is not as good as any of the other ones I have been to (excluding Pat's/Geno's). Pretty pricey and the waitress service is rather slow. Didn't get the meatball hero or any other item so cannot comment on anything other than the CS. Based on that, will not be going back...Sorry to break it to you, but the burst of grease when taking my first bite really didnt make this a great all around sandwhich.
The meat was nicely chopped, and the american cheese had a good flavor once the sandwhich cooled.
I loved the hole in the wall ambience.  The waitress was fabulous.  Seems like a great atmosphere.
I see most of the reviews are a 5.  I hate to sound like a cheesesteak snob, but it wasn't close.My favorite CHICKEN cheesesteak in the city. Although the place across the street (won't name it for this review) makes a better traditional steak in my opinion, Chubby's puts up a good fight and I have been going there a lot recently. When I want a fantastic chicken cheesesteak with spinach or broccoli rabe and a cheap beer, this is the place.Like Pat & Geno in S.Phil, they have Dale & Chubby out in Roxborough. We decided to do a taste comparison between the two.
First, Chubby's has fries and Dale's does not. Plus for Chubby's.
The Chubby's fries are NOT batter-dipped, another plus for C's.
D's is cash only, but Chubby takes my plastic. Yet another plus for Chubby's.
Our approach was along a one way residential street. Even on a week night (no holidays or anything happening), the parking was pretty crowded. People constantly coming and going for pick up at both places.
Both places were about a 15-min wait for our food.
Unlike D's, Chubby's did cut my sandwich like it needed to be cut.
Chubby's meats and onions were more flavorful than D's, but still not the best. D's did give us a fresher roll.
Maybe it was an off night, but we failed to taste the hype at either place.
Where would I go instead for a cheesesteak? Sonny's in C-city. John's Roast Pork on the waterfront. (In the burbs?) Chick's in NJ, or Westtown Meat Market in West Chester PA.I ate here a few years ago and I must say I was impressed.
Their steaks are awesome and they are no light weights on meat they make sure your steaks are healthy!I get Chubby's each time I come up to Philly (several times a year).  Their cheese steaks are better than those you can get by waiting in a stupidly-long line at Gino's or Pat's.  My mouth is watering just thinking about Chubby's cheese steaks.  Their french fries are delicious too!I am a local.
This is my first choice cheese steak spot..
Some Thursdays they have a pulled pork special..also very good.If possible refer to the "urban dictionary " and look up the word Wishniak please !
Got pretty hungry on the late nite, so I figured I'd stop at Chubby's for a steak and some fries. As soon as u walk in I notice at least 4-5 fellow " Wishiniaks " present eating steaks. I have a drink unlike the competition across the street, I ordered my food and waited, upon waiting one the young ladies noticed a coworker drinking a black cherry Wishniak dutch soda, out of the blue the young lady replied you'll never guess what it means, the other co-worker didn't know so she proceeded to tell her. Unfortunately I knew what the " urban dictionary " definition was, the two ladies then began to crack jokes about " Wishniaks "  they then began to tell the gentleman working the grill, and I guess it was the running joke for about 5 mins, the crazy part is as I sat and ate my food and felt like the brunt of a really hurtful joke, the one lady told them to keep the voices low about the little joke. Another thing that rubbed me the wrong way was the young lady that started the informative discussion than asked a "Wishniak " if he knew what it was, he said no, she then showed him her phone and let him read it for himself, the young man didn't realize that that was a running joke and that he too was apart of the joke, I don't think the young man was sharp enough to realize what she was doing smh. The food at Chubby's has always been spot on, but going forward I will no longer give business to an establishment that is that insensitive towards other human beings of different race, creed etc. the majority of the time I notice that we " Wishniaks " help maintain the consistent business & success of Chubby's. So after you read the urban dictionary and find out the definition of " Wishniak " is, I need u to look up your racial epitaph and then go head and visualize eating in a restaurant that will use that nasty name as a joke unbeknownst to anyone in the restaurant. But why am I suprised clearly this not the first time a conversation like this had been had amongst the three dopes. So sad Chubby's we " Wishniaks " have put a lot of money into your restaurant to be spoke of in that type of way is just disgusting, again I will no longer support this restaurantDelicious, good quality steaks!  Very generous serving size. Great cook, great staff and nice atmosphere.I used to avoid D'allasandro because they cooked the steaks in big piles where it steamed. Chubby cooked the rib eye to order. Sadly, they have succumbed to the same high volume technique.  Still better meat  and fresh cut fries and a full bar tips the scales.Why haven't I reviewed Chubby's?! Living in Roxborough has allowed me to feast on both Chubby's and Dalessandro's (across the street) and I love both of their cheesesteaks. Neither beat Max's but they definitely beat those other big guys like Tony Luke's *gags*. Anyways, Chubby's is better than Dalessandro's in that you may be able to find a seat. Also, wait staff is great idk what those other reviews are talking about. This isn't a 5 star restaurant people it's a local joint, chill out. Anyway, if you're going to come to Philly to find "a great cheese steak" you might as well take the trek up to Roxborough if you can't get to Max's. The lines at pats & genos are ridic and this way you can say you've embarked on a true Philly experience. But after you eat your cheese steak go back towards the city not much to do round these parts.Love me some Chubby's! They are a local favorite, and for good reason! The staff is super friendly and attentive. The cheesesteaks are phenomenal, and they are so full of flavor. It's a small place, but it's fun to grab a beer at the quint bar while you wait!Cheese steak good. Which was the whole reason for stopping here.  The good choice of roll was surrounding a tasty all-be-it bland slices of cheese steak.  Don't take this as a bad thing I've never had a cheese steak that was "full of flavor"  I've come to expect this as your typical cheese steak and as such it was good.  I can't really compare this to other cheese steaks of the reagion but that will soon change.  I would defienetly go back here.  
Typical diner setting (bar stools, booths and open kitchen)  The waitress was friendly and helpfull.  The service was quick.
Not the cleanest or fanciest place in the world but no red flags again I will go back.Came here Saturday place was good better then other places I ate around philly. Over all if ever in town would stop by again.I find their steaks to be better than the place across the street. I particularly like that you can get your steak sandwich in a wrap. Staff is always friendly and helpful. It's the perfect neighborhood steak joint.Great sandwiches overall, especially the cheese steaks/steak sandwiches which are some of the best around. The cheese steaks have chopped steak (instead of a slab like some places) and and good percentage of sauce and cheese, etc. 
They can get pretty crazy busy after 5:00pm or so, especially on the weekends. It's worth it though for some great food and decent prices (considering the amount of food you get).
Some prefer Dalessandro's which is located right across the street (but it doesn't have a lot for parking, street only) but it isn't in the same league especially the quality of the steaks (meat, roll, etc).  Some prefer them but in my opinion Chubby's is better.  I personally have never had an issue with the staff but some people are just impatient even though they are one person out of the 20+ that are waiting to pickup their order not to mention the customers that are eating in. 
Chubby's offers both regular cheese and cheese wiz. If you want a great steak sandwich  then go here just watch out for the busy crowds and the crazy amount of traffic on Henry ave.Stopped here after a show at the Mann. To be honest, I was starving, and perhaps a little tipsy, so I would've eaten anything at that point. So I ordered the chicken cheesesteak and cheese fries ('cause if I'm making poor food choices, I'm going ALL THE WAY, dammit.)
But starving or not, it was really, really good. The sandwich was great, as a whole. Good roll, good chicken, good cheese. And I knew I was gonna love the cheese fries since I spotted a huge can of the cheddar cheese sauce used in many fine establishments. No, I'm not kidding - I'm a huge fan of cheddar cheese sauce in a can. Really.
Anyway, the true test of a good steak sandwich is how the leftovers hold up for breakfast the next morning. (And to see if it lessens the hangover pain...) 
I'm pleased to say that after a brief stint in the oven to heat up, both mine and the hubby's cheesesteak with onions were still quite tasty.
And that's the truth. I wouldn't suggest making a habit out of breakfast cheesesteaks but once or twice won't kill ya. And they give you more than enough to do it.Customer Service ~ A+++ 
Great tasting food, the best cheese steak I've had and not to mention my first authentic one!! Tasty, flavorful and oh so cheesy!! I truly enjoyed my meal here and would eat Chubbys hands down over the other place we ate at any day!! The woman who helped us was on top of her game, man she got us ordered before we sat down at our table that she had us wait for so when we finally got there our food was ready! She couldn't of planned that any better!! She made me feel at home and as if I had been dining there for years!! She sold me and the food topped it off!! 
Hats off to the Fam for making this our first food stop!! 
Winner winner cheese steak dinner!!!Chubby's is a good place to go for a quick burger with fries or steak sandwich. Their meats can be a little gristly but other than that solid overall. I am never blown away by the food I get from them but they provide a reliable and consistent decent fast food style meal.Some friends were visiting from Florida and wanted a real Philly cheese steak.  We came here and it was great.  You should never overlook the roll, and this one was perfect.  The amount of steak was impressive, and a nice amount of cheese.  I like draft beer and they a good selection.  I live in the area and have been here many times.  It's always great.  Just Go.Come here all the time after fishing on the Wissahickon. Nothing like a cold beer( & let me tell you, I'm not a fan of tap beer, but they keep their lines CLEAN in this joint! Very refreshing) & a cheesesteak at 11AM after a hard day catching trout & bass!! Steaks are GREAT(& a little bit better than Dallesandros), beer is fresh & cold, & I've never had a problem w/ the staff, but I'm a regular.Chubby's over Dellasandros...everyday and twice on Sunday!!!!....Great service and Ice Cold Brews with your meal. When my kids and I have our hookie day....Chubby's is a must for lunch.  A neighborhood staple that has charm and great steaks.I've been going to Chubby's every now and then ever since my days of working at Power 99, when the station was located on Domino Lane. I had no idea they had an ongoing rivalry with Dalessandro's across the street. I usually just chose Chubby's because it has a parking lot. Anyway, my fiance and I had Chubby's twice in one week last month. Chicken cheesesteak for me, and a cheesesteak for him.  The first time, my chicken cheesesteak was PERFECT. He thought his was just ok. The second time, we both agreed that both sandwiches were horrible and tasteless. Not sure what went wrong. I guess it depends on who's cooking that night.Great spot for a quick bit to eat or take out. The turkey hoagie is one of my favorites ever here. I'm not sure what makes it so tasty... the fresh hoagie roll it's served on is my first guess! Their french fries are also very good.  They even sell beer to go. Stop by this place if you are in the neighborhood and you will be pleased! :)Best cheesteak in the city. There I said it. Cheese wiz is "the good kind" if you're a geese fry person you know what I mean. Small place but enough seating usually. The parking lot is tough but not bad enough to stop you from coming back.wanted to go out the next day to get cheesesteaks Geno's and Pat's.  They said those were just tourist traps now and Chubby's had the best cheesesteaks.  We wound up going at 11:00 a.m. on Sunday morning, with at least one relative who probably should have stayed home in bed after the late night.  I'm not an expert in authentic Philly cheesesteaks, but what I had -- a cheesesteak with whiz and onions -- was really great.  I actually ordered the whiz on the side and provolone on the sandwich, but used all of the whiz on it.  That flame orange, goopy stuff is the difference between a cheesesteak and an ordinary steak and cheese.  The pepper bar was great -- especially the "Oil Peppers" which added a lot of flavor.Chubby's is the place all the local teens buy beer at. 
It's also part of the chubby's-Delassandro's corner rivalry. And for good reason.
Look, minus all the underage beer sales, chubby's is a good place. The steaks are delicious and huge, and the bar offers you a chance to have a lager with your steak.
The meat is always fresh and very tender. Flavor is good, and the onions always perfectly golden.
Service is very diner-esque. Don't expect a menu (grab one of the to-go ones by the door), but does go beyond steak sandwiches (can't speak for the rest though). Staff can be a bit rough at times, but always friendly and all have clearly been here for a while.The cheese steak was just the ideal amount of cheesy and salty.  The curly cheese fries - excellent however the sauce was slightly one-dimensional.  What tops it all, however, is that the women's bathroom's air freshener smells like root beer float!!!  Loved the pepper and pickle bar.  Ohhhhh and the juke box is ON POINT!!I've been to multiple cheesesteak places in the Philly area and this is by far the best place I've been too. I keep coming back, it's so great...especially their wings as well. They also have a great variety of beer too!I've never actually been to Chubby's store but my co-worker gets take-out from them about once a month for our shop.  I have had a cheesesteak with wiz and hot peppers, a steak with provolone and sauce, and a steak with provolone, sauce, hot peppers and onions.  Every sandwich has been totally loaded and delcious.  Be prepared for the fallout gut-bomb afterwards, they are just big, delicious, and what a Philly steak should be.In the Chubby's vs. Dalessandro's competition, Chubby's wins hands down.  The roll was fresh, and the steak was perfectly chopped and slightly greasy.  Though it could have been just a tad greasier.
There was enough space to accommodate our group, the wait staff was on the ball and they have a full bar!  Who doesn't want to wash down their cheesesteak with a beer?  Or in our group's case, a shot!  
While I enjoyed Chubby's steak, I can't say I'll go out of my way for it.  But if I have to pick which side of street to cross to get my steak, it will be to Chubby's side.  Sorry Dalessandro's!!Ok, I been going here for at least 20 years.  It is one of the best cheesesteaks in Philly.  To me it is better for lunch because it is not too small or too big, and not to greesy.  Service always good.  Prices are fair.  Out of towners, you gotta make the trip.This is a solid three not a tepid 3. I lived in Manayunk for years and I can't say how many times Chubby's was the place I ended up late at night. It's always good and the cheese steak is as good as Across the street. On top of it they have a bar. Yes it's bizarre. But in the good way not the creepy way. You can do worse especially if you have your drink on and you want to keep it that way while you eat.Food has gone down in quality over the last year or so. Used to love the steaks but now they are just ok. And did they get rid of the peppers and pickles area?Julie
I finally got to try Chubby's.  I've been pretty loyal to the spot across the street for some time and always say that one day, I'll try Chubby's.  But every single time I'm in the hood I end up craving the other place.  I don't want to discount Chubby's cheese steak but I still prefer the competitor's
To be fair, the sandwich is totally different.  I mean yes, they both do cheese steak sandwiches, but it just doesn't taste the same.  My review will stick with Chubby's and if you want to know about other places that serve cheese steaks then look over my other reviews......
The sandwiches here are made with whole thin slices of steak.  There's plenty so it's a hearty sandwich.  I got my with onions and taste similar to others.  Stick with the provolone cheese.  The real difference is the steak slices.  I just didn't think it was as flavorful as across the street.  I dipped in the marinara sauce that came with it and added lots of sweet peppers but still no dancing in my mouth.  It was ok and the waitresses are nice and the place is more cozy with table service in the back.  It's just a preference on how the sandwiches are made.How can I ever lose weight when I love going to Chubby's. The steaks and chicken steaks are great!   I will go out of my way to have lunch at Chubby's.
The food is great and the servers make you feel like you're at home.  I highly recommend Chubby's.