My girlfriend and I came here for dinner, and it was excellent. We each had our own individual hotpots, tomato oxtail soup and the original soup -- very good. We order they're beef combo, which included the waygu beef they're known for, and grabbed items on the conveyer belt rotating around the restaurant. My girlfriend loved rainbow noodles and rainbow soup dumplings. Our server Brandon was excellent, attentive, made sure our pots were refilled.We recently tried Chubby Cattle on a whim. Read an article and wanted to go! Not insanely priced, but not cheap either. My boyfriend and I always "over" order so we asked our server Stephen to help us out. Though he was knowledgeable of the menu and super personable, we still did not get a sense of how much or what to order - so we just went for it. The menu is also confusing, different ounces for various meats, no suggestions on party size vs. ordering, apps also on the last page - just odd! We were 100% happy with the food thought but I just wish they had explained the entire process more when we sat down. It's an experience that you want to experience, not fumble through. 
I also thought the service needed some work. Though Stephen, and what seemed to be the manager; were attentive, we were the ones asking them to clear our table and grab water, etc. Again, fumbling through an already hands-on dining experience, that has MANY dishes (ha).  Since we're already cooking, and as customers; we should not also be doing everything else. I think these tiny details will come with time. 
I'll go back but I need to wait until they've had a little more experience and firm up their process. And maybe in a large group!Great new hot pot place in Chinatown! They have a great waiting system that calls/text you when a table is available. There are many types of soup bases to choose from and plenty of dishes. All of them were really delicious. My favorite was the mushroom combo basket. Simin, our waitress was really kind and helpful. Thanks Chubby Cattle!Very tasty, I like the original soup and meat, beef and lamb. Food on the belt is just ok, but the service is very good!I came here with three of my friends. Waited 20 minutes on a Tuesday night at 6:30pm. 
I think people like this place for the Instagram pictures. They display their food very nicely, but it is over priced hot pot food. We ordered the wagu yukke and to us it tasted like nothing but sweet soy sauce. The noodles make a good picture, but it tasted ordinary. We ordered a beef combo which tasted like hot pot beef. Out of the different soup bases we tried, the best one was the tomato ox tail flavor. Overall, the food was average to the four of us.As an Asian who lived in japan for a while, I think this restaurant is overpriced and overrated. Great service with expensive (but not delicious)food. The experience is unique if you have never been to the cheap sushi house in Asia (picture attached).I'm going to start off by saying sorry to Little Sheep, because it looks like I have a new hotpot spot in Philly. Everything was great, the staff, the food and the decor. 
I decided to go give it a try here with my girlfriend and mom. Boyyy was it a good decision. We got the A5 wagyu, wagyu brisket, and all other stuff and the broth base was so good. Definitely coming backI can definitely walk away from here feeling like a chubby cattle. This place has amazing tasting broth with excellent quality meats. 
Upon walking in, you are greeted right away. If there is a wait, they will let you know apx how long and if you would like to wait to fill out their screen with info so they could text and call you when you are up. This is a great concept as you can go elsewhere and grab a drink or tour Ctown as you are waiting for a table.
Once seated, the server comes by and gives you a tour of the menu and of the different type of cuts they carry. They have about 5 different broths to chose from and tons of veggies, noodles, and meats. They also have a conveyor belt of items that you can just grab from (charged based on color of the plate).
We decided to try the oxtail broth and the miso one. My kids loved the miso while my husband and I really enjoyed the oxtail. Since the kids wanted miso, we added chili peppers into ours to give it a nice kick. They bring out a tray of condiments and their specialty sauce so you can add whatever you like to your broth and sauce to fit your liking. We made sure to add in extra cilantro and some garlic to both broth and house sauce. One thing I enjoyed in regards to the broth is that they actually refill your pot with the actual broth you ordered instead of a standard veggie or chicken broth like most places.
Since we were unsure of which cut of meat to get, we decided to try the sampler. Favorite off of this was definitely the wagu. Next time we come, that's probably what we will mostly be ordering. It was so buttery and melt in your mouth delicious.
We were seated at a table that didn't have a family sharing pot, so that was a bit difficult. They stated that they normally save those tables for larger parties of 6 or more. We didn't use 2 of the stove tops, so I do recommend them getting something to cover it so it could be used as extra table space. The table was a tad cramped, but it didn't stop us from enjoying our time there.
I can't wait to come back and actually try some of their other specialties.The food was spectacular along with our server Way. He answered every question we had. Getting a table was a little difficult because it was so busy but overall the atmosphere is fantastic and def a place to try at least once. We aren't from here so this was really pleasant.  Pictured below is the beef combo next to the tiger shrimp and hanging noodles!The family put is delicious & fun. I would highly recommend.
The tomato & oxtail broth is a mustGreat idea, not executed well...food was alright, sauce not so much, only one option and its a weird flavor if you are used to Chinese style hotpot. Service was slow, we went at lunch time, only two tables and it took them 15min to bring food up...this is hotpot...The tastiest and most interesting hot pot experience we've ever had! Great selection of different add-ons and reasonably priced. Also the conveyor belt is fun and a nice added element. Way was our server and helped us to have such an enjoyable experience. He was very informative and attentive. Will be coming back here many times!Pretty trendy decor. Didn't take too long to find a seat. There's many options on the menu. Conveyor belt adds a unique touch with decent assortment of veggies, seafood, and noodles. They serve you a tray of various sauces, no need to get up to grab your sauces! The staff here is very friendly and helpful. Nice addition to Chinatown!We have heard so much about this place although it's quite new in the area. We came did not expect much because we eat hotpot so often. However, to our surprise , this place sure stands at the top of the list of our favorite hotpot now. We had wagyu sushi, although on the pricy side, but so worth it! The wagyu melts in the mouth. The spicy broth is really spicy, yet soooo good because of the depth of flavor. I can tell this is not a powder base broth, but rather real stock from bones. The ingredients are very fresh. And the service is on point. Shanshan, our server, is very attentive and friendly. We will definitely come back , especially when it is hotpot weather now!Then beef here was phenomenal and the experience with the conveyer belt was an experience to remember. Our server Brandon did an amazing job guiding us through the process. Additionally, he made us felt really comfortable and was ready to help us anytime we needed any help. Overall, this was a pretty good experience.The server didn't gave us any sauce and totally neglected us throughout our whole meal. The broth was bland and wasn't like anything like the last time I've been to chubby cattle. Very disappointed because I thought this would be my new go to hot pot place.The quality of the food is good. We really enjoyed it here. The waiter Way is very helpful and informative; he's also very respondent to requests or assistance. However, it took much longer for my broth to boil than all my friends', strange.This is a new hotpot restaurant in Chinatown. Perfect place for a nice date with hot pot. High quality ingredients and great presentation. They hand make their own noodles. We had the noodle combo which had taro, green tea, and tomato. Shout out to Zoey, you da best. Thanks for the ice cream.They have very awesome Wagyu sashimi!! It's soft and fresh. The tri-colored noodles are also very delicious. They match perfectly with the spicy based soup. 
The staff are also friendly and nice.The best wagyu hot pot in town,good food.Thanks  Erika for being nice and professional service.My first visit to a hot pot restaurant and it did not disappoint.  I took my teenage children and they loved cooking their own food.  Sooyoung recommended that we try a few of the samplers; it allowed use to survey the meats, noodles, and veggies.  The Wagyu beef was so tender and flavorful.  We particularly liked Bok choy, purple yam noodles, and the pork belly.  My tip is ask for Sooyoung he will make your visit just a bit better.The food and atmosphere here is great. My favorites are Beef Combo, Aburi Wagyu Nigiri and Wagyu Yukke.The nicest hot place I have ever been to! Very contemporary design. The conveyor belt is unique and very fun! Food is very fresh and I could definitely taste the high quality meats. We had the combination beef platter so we got to try a few different types of meat. Excellent service. Way did a great job to explain the concept and menu since it was our first time. Definitely recommend!OH MY WOW. This was a beyond incredible experience. To start, our server Abby was so sweet and welcoming. She was extremely helpful too since none of us had tried hot pot before. Everything tasted so incredible! 
Highly recommend!!! Esp the tomato base for the hot pot and get the udon noodles (I preferred them over the hand drawn ones). The beef was, of course, delectable. I def will be back.Sushi and grilled oysters highly recommended. Attentive service and big portions. Coordinate with your other dinner mates to not over order. Thanks Simin!The food was great! The ox tale base was awesome and SoYoun was a great server. Would definitely come back!The meat dishes are very good.  The prices are a bit high. Unusual choices.  Will go there again when I we need to taste something different.I was excited to try Chubby Cattle for the first time, let me just say it is indeed the best I've had in china town. Thank you Shan Shan (our waitress)for such a good experience. I ordered the tomato ox tail broth, The soup base is absolutely one of the best I've had, does not taste like MSG flavored. The food was good from start to finish, I highly recommend there most popular wagyu beef , it is AMAZING! So tender melts in your mouth feeling. I love there presentation as well. They have everything that we asked for. everything is prepared fresh.I hope their quality stays this good, I would have to warn you though that this is not the average priced hot pot restaurant, it can be very pricey $$$ esp depending on how much wagyu you order, And do remember to make reservations as they will be super bzWalk-in and waited for about 40min, not too bad. The restaurant smells good and looks tidy. We sat in the middle lane, in which you can take plates from the band. Smaller portion, which is better for trying more types. We also ordered beef tongue and lamb. Everything is delicious! The only thing- the wagyu rice was way too soft. Anyway, worth coming backOne of the best hot pot places in Philly. The environment and the food are very good. Everything is prefect. Our server Stephen is one of the nicest servers I ever met. Trust me, this place is worth to try.Tried it with friends for the first time.  We thought it had a trendy decor and a unique conveyor belt with small dishes that rotated throughout restaurant.  The broth was very flavorful, our favorite was the original and ox tail.  The presentation of the dishes were great and Instagram worthy! And the servers were nice and polite.  However, sadly it's not all you can eat and you can easily spend upwards of $50 per person.  And they do not have a sauce bar either.  But, they do bring out a tray with garlic, chili oil, scallion, and their own dipping sauce at the beginning so you can adjust your broth though.  They had the same hot pot items as hippot shabu shabu. I think we would go back to hippot next time since it's the same hot pot items for way cheaper.  Even though the broth is better here and you have the option of wagyu beef we much prefer the quantity you get at hippot.Came here for hotpot and I ordered the original house soup. The soup was flavorful and tasty. For hotpot, ordered the beef combo, soft tofu, duck feet, and mushroom basket. The beef combo came with 3 different cuts, they were all fresh and delicious. The mushroom basket had a variety of about 5-6 different types if i recall correctly, it was nice to be able to try all them. The presentation of everything was really nice, great for pictures! The duck feet was disgusting, they were stale and probably sat around the conveyor belt too long. Service was subpar, the waitress never came to check on our meal to ask if we need anything else or refill us. Unlike most other hotpot places, chubby cattle did not have a sauce station/bar, which I found disappointing. They did give us a tray/basket of ingredients to add to a sauce they gave us, but I would have rather made my own from scratch.We had an awesome dinner last night and it was our first time here. We were so impressed. The food was so delicious. Our server Way was so nice, friendly yet professional and he gave us good recommendation. We had Miso and tomato ox tail broth, mixed Beef combo , fish ball, some noodles. Everything was so delicious and great quality. Definitely will be back.Went here for my sisters birthday. We added our party to the waitlist through yelp..I highly recommend as it can get pretty busy with lines out the door. When we arrive we were seated within 15 mins which is not too bad. We had the oxtail broth and the devils broth (lots of oil in the broth...I'm not sure if that is normal). Meat/seafood was fresh. We also got a spice tray brought to the table. Overall, great experienceSo this place has been in construction for the a while and opened late last year and finally decided to make a visit to try. My visit resonated all the other reviews. The ingredients were fresh, tasty and is definitely a higher grade above typical hot pot places. The environment is nice cause it doesn't leave you smelling like food like other places and the individual hot pots are nice. However, the prices do add up after making sure everyone was filled and we spent about $60/per person before tips. I didnt care for the fact that they charge you for a soup base even with higher menu prices. The waiter said the combo feeds about 2-3 people, which i dont think is accurate unless you order everyone one of the combos, which we did (and more). Highlights were the beef and seafood combo, which gave you nice quality items, but definitely not too filling. The homemade noodles are delicious also. The rainbow dumplings are definitely very lack luster as i dont think there were any real soup when biting into them, plus you have to put them in the hot pot to cook, which i expected like a regular soup dumpling. 
Overall, its a good place to try for the beef and fresher ingredients, but i'll probably go to another hot pot place in the future.My first time at chubby cattle and not a disappointment! Everything was great.. from service to food quality! I'm very big on customer service and Our server ZOEY was so nice and very attentive. Food was amazing. Must try!Chubby Cattle has ruined any other regular hot pot joint. My friends and I were so spoiled by the quality of the food that came out for us! We got the tomato oxtail broth that was simp delightful. We tried the Aburi Wagyu Foie Gras Nigiri that was out of this world. It was, hands down, one of the best things we have ever eaten. The wagyu beef brisket is sliced finely and so fresh. We also tried the short rib with egg, and it was SENSATIONAL! It was like a flavor bomb in your mouth. Delish. The service was also something worth noting. Our server, Erika, was very attentive and made sure that we were happy with our meal the whole way through. The food runners were also quick to bring us our broths and meat! We had a wonderful experience at Chubby Cattle, and can't wait to get back. :)I love this place! The hotpot food comes in a conveyor belt in small portions, which means we get to sample more varieties of food. The wagyu beef is awesome, both for hotpot and for rice bowl. Will definitely come back.Loved it. Excellent quality meat at a good price. Service was great and the waiters were very attentive. The wagyu was really high quality with a ton of marbling. The spicy pot (even entry level) has a ton of spice which I loved (but for a white boy I have a very high tolerance for spice so take that with a grain of salt).The beef is a absolutely outstanding. But there is BBQ service, unliked what it's advertised. Food is priced very reasonable and service is great.  We walked in at 9;15 pm in a Wednesday and after we ordered, we found that happy hour starts from 9:30 to 11:30 (dish is buy one get one free). We found out at 9:40 pm and the waiter said too late to take the advantage..: so please do try to take advantage of it.This was a great experience! Such a unique place and a great dining experience. The waiting staff is excellent and really make it such a great atmosphere. I love coming here with my friends and family. The brisket is absolutely  delicious and the sweet corn is phenomenal.Individualized hot pot with Wagyu beef & Asian vegetables! Top service with Vicky. I chose the numbing spicy broth & loved it but then I had to sweat & blow my nose often. Perfect place for a two hour lunch spot to bond with my family.Awesome food! Portions are well sized. Got the beef combo platter, the veggie combo and the noodle combo. Great food, maybe pass on the noodles next time and try the mushroom combo! Way is great! Pretty popular, so may have to wait a bit for a table.My new go to for hotpot. Definitely a must try if you're in Chinatown or Philly. I had the original broth, ordered the wagu beef and pork belly along with various veggies and addins. The staff is super friendly and attentive and the ambiance is modern and warm. It got a little loud at times but the food was fresh and so good I didn't do much talking anyway. No question I'll be back and trying a different broth!Amazing place, probably by far the best hot pot in china town. Very friendly staff, high quality food! Love the fact that we don't need to get up to get our sauce. Will come back for sure!Wandering the streets of Chinatown outside of our Airbnb, we stumbled upon Chubby Cattle. The wait was long (just over an hour, prime time on a Saturday night), but the wait was SO worth it! Some of the best food I have ever had! Ruoshi, our server, was so helpful & attentive as it was our first visit to a hot pot restaurant. On top of her excellence, the entire waitstaff & hostess were so accommodating, kind, and helpful. The hostess apologized profusely for our wait, even though she didn't need to. The other members of the waitstaff continued to check on us throughout our meal to ensure that we were having a great experience and didn't have any questions, but they didn't hover or check so frequently that it became bothersome. A definitive 5-star experience and I will definitely visit again the next time I'm in town!Make sure you know how long you need to wait... even you are on the waitlist from the yelp. We join the waitlist and arrive on time, we still need to wait another 45 mins more... besides that, everything is good.Great place for a hot pot meal! Michi was awesome assisting us with the menu and explaining everything, since it's our first time going there. Will definitely go back again.Super bougie interior, don't come here if you're on your last dime. But, other than that. Pretty cool place. Conveyor belt ingredients for the hotpot, good mix of fresh meat. Good quality food overall and an experience I won't forget. Can't really hate on the price bc you're def paying for the experience. Come here if you wanna stunt on your friends.This place is great. A great place to start for first timers would the ox tail broth, beef combo platter, and noodle combo platter. The Noodles are out of this world! All of them. Let them hang out in your broth and they will get plump and flavorful. Amazing.Chubby Cattle may be my new favorite place in Chinatown Philly. Hot pot is one of my favorite meals and Chubby Cattle perfected the experience. We had the choice of each picking our own bases which we went with the beginner spicy. Even though it says beginner, it's anything but. You can pick your different meats, vegetables, noodles, and fish balls from the menu when you sit down. Once they bring everything to you, you then will have the choice to pick from the conveyor belt going around the restaurant. The prices are expensive but it is a treat for once in a while type of meal. Also the wait times can be very long so be prepared.Keep reading everyone! Fun place good music, nice and friendly environment, food is great! Brandon was our waiter he was very dedicated and loves his job. Great guy I don't really have anything negative to say about him! And this is for the free ice cream that they ask you to write a review. Thank You! But $95 dollars later not including tip i expected wayyy and when I say wayyy it's WAYYY more food! still left the place hungry and kind of feeling ripped off ...shish-kabobs were great but it was the smallest kabob I have ever seen lmao and at 6,99$ EACH! I ate it in one bite literally hot pot comes with no side dishes  No liquor license so no alcohol at all. Their coconut drink was good but again just too expensive my girl picked this place and we both love food so for those prices we might as well of went to a nice steak house downtown, or some other 5 star restaurant and this place is defiantly not. The only things I really enjoyed there is the small Kabobs, ice cream, the coconut drink, and the service, kabobs were good so I don't know what the hell the chef is thinking serving portions like that. Sooo..yeah if you have money to blow and leave hungry but happy with your server at this time, this is the place for you!!!  Hopefully when they get that lounge running it will most likely be a lot better and more fun. One more thing-  don't tell your customers to write a yelp review for free ice cream  which was small as hell too! Would I go back maybe after they open a lounge! And drop their prices a bit.First time here and second time at a Hot pot. I gotta say it's a very pleasant experience with great food. Both vegetarian and carnivorous friendly. Staff is very friendly and helpful. The wait is long but definitely worth it. I would recommend to anyone and everyone who wants to try something new. The server Brandon was very helpful with our experienceThe food was great.  A little overpriced but expected based on the ambiance.  
What really put us off was the wait staff, they are very understaffed.  The entire restaurant was full and there're only 2 waiters in total.  The manager was helping out as well but it's just too overwhelming for the wait staff.   They messed up our order and made us wait a super long time for raw food.The service was excellent. Our server Soo Young explained the whole process so well. Overall a great experience and solid food.Erika is the best! Great service:) Food is great! Will come back again! Food is very freshGreat food. Decent service. Horrible reservation methods. I can't knock them too much for that as it is a new restaurant in Philly and only 1 of maybe 3 actual legit hot pot places in the city.Best to join the wait list on yelp to cut the time In half.  Wayne was great! He gave us great recommendations for us 1st timers. Loved the soup broth of original and tomato oxtail. Will be back.Excellent experience. Menu was interesting and unique. Food was high quality and very fresh. The service was very good, the servers were very attentive and helpful! Would definitely recommend.This is new hotpot place in Chinatown. They has really good foiegras and uni sushi! Check the spot here!This place is really fun and the service is very friendly! Shout out to Zoey for her kindness!Food is great! They are not playing around! The price is a bit prohibitive for most but if you can make it past that there is so much great about this place! The conveyor belt is fun and you get perfect quantities to allow you to have just enough of that nieche pick! Very much recommend this place if you can afford to get full here!
A quick edit: The price is 100% justified for the quality. Their house made noodles are beautiful, abundant, and delicious. Meat is amazing quality. There is so much to love. It doesn't feel like a steal but you get what you paid for, every penny.Great place! Broth was terrific, especially the oxtail and tomato. Ingredients were fresh and plentiful with awesome wagyu beef and very authentic mushroom basket. Good for date night or with the family on a lazy Saturday. Erika and the other servers did a great job and were always attentive.It is a lovely evening in historical downtown Philadelphia. Just adjacent to the Liberty Bell, you will discover Chinatown as well as Chubby Cattle. Tonight, my server was Michi and along with the delightful, fresh ingredients, she was wonderful. Michi helped me prepare my savory shrimp, luscious lamb and tender beef. 
Chubby Cattle and Michi are not to be missed if you're hungry in Philly!I don't usually like hot pot but I loved this place. Broth was super savory and flavorful, and meats were superbThis is my first time come here and definitely I come back next time. My friend recommended me to the chubby cattle restaurant in Chinatown Philadelphia. It's take one hour waiting but it's worth your time a lot. If you have time to patience waiting the foods here is very good and the staff is friendly good service. The staff doesn't rushing you which is excellent. I definitely recommend my family and friends come here to eat.Love this place. The service is excellent. The waitresses are fun and amazing. They know what they're talking about. The food is top notch. Don't hesitate to come and enjoy their food.Awesome!!! Words escape me. . The meat combo was great. We also ordered a veggie platterWe didn't even get to eat here. We made a reservation for 7 people, and they told us they could accommodate. It was an early reservation. They then call us and tell us that we need to be split up and if we want to sit together it would be an hour wait. What's the point of making a group reservation, and having a restaurant accept it, if we can't even sit together? Incredibly disappointed.This is my favorite hot pot to date. The ingredients are incredibly fresh and the presentation is out of this world. It is a culinary and artistic experience you won't forget! If you're a little tired of ordinary all you can eat hotpot, try chubby cattle out: the price you pay is definitely worth the food you get. Recommends: wagyu sushi and sashimi, meat and veggie platter with soup of choice. Will definitely be coming back to try out their other special entrees and such!Horrible wait list service. Signed in with yelp to be on the wait list before I left my house from an hour away. Was gonna take my wife there for her b-day. Got there 5 minutes before my supposed wait time. Was then told by the staff that I had to wait an extra 1.5 hours when I got there. Their waitlist is a joke. Can't comment too much on the food because my reservations were useless. Thanks for ruining my wife's birthday chubby cattle.Never once have I had a terrible experience at Chubby Cattle. Going for dinner with my family on Christmas Eve I feared the terrible service and a long wait. However, I was sorely mistaken. My waitress, Erika, was always on point with everything. From being patient enough for my family and I to make up our decisions (which believe me took a while) to always being there when we needed something. Honestly, this place never disappoints me and I can't wait to come back the next time.Service is great at Chubby Cattle. Our waitress new the menu very well and was very helpful in the decision process of what we ended up ordering.
I went with the entry level spicy broth - but be warned that it gives much more kick than you think. I think it would have been better to order the house broth and add hot oil to the regular broth to my liking.
In terms of food recommendations, I believe the meat sampler is a must - I went with a group of 3 and the meat sampler provided the perfect amount of food. Furthermore, the tiger prawns were great and super fun to pick up off the conveyer belt! However, I would think twice about ordering the fish balls, because preparation took way longer than anticipated and still hadn't arrived by the time we had finished our meal.
Definitely order the bok choi and corn to balance your meat dishes, as they are the perfect simple pairing. The side sauce is DIY and tailored to each member of your party's liking! My only critique is that the food options were a bit limited, because many popular items ran out by the time we sat down to order (8pm). Overall, Chubby Cattle provided a fun dining experience and it was the great environment to share with friends!Came here with a reservation for a large table (6+) on a weekday at 7pm and were seated very quickly.  The servers came and explained everything to us and brought over our drinks and sauces.
You can tailor the sauce to your liking since they have many add-ons for the sauce. We ordered all the combos: meat, seafood, veggie, mushroom, noodle, and meatball. Plus additional noodle and tofu sides. All of the food was delicious and fresh. The different noodles were definitely worth getting, especially because they make a good amount of their noodles in house!
The portions were a little small for the price so if you're hungry then I would suggest going to an AYCE place to not break the bank, but I had a great experience and would return again for a quality hot pot meal.Omgosh the wagyu Uni was melt in your mouth so good. It literally melted in my mouth. I wish my meal consisted of just wagyu uni nigiri, but that would be way too expensive.  
Anyway as for the hot pot experience the meat quality was really good. We got the meat combo, seafood combo, veggie combo and noodle combo. I think my favorite was the meat and the noodle. Noodles are made in house and it was chewy and soft. I love carbs what can I say. 
As for the broth, I got the spicy one and it was wayyyy too Spicy and a little salty for me. I love spicy food and I think my tolerance is pretty high but it was too much. Choose your broth wisely. Lol I think it really makes or breaks the hot pot experience.Big fan of hot pot and was excited when I heard Chubby Cattle was coming to Philly. Did not disappoint. Everything was really good - would suggest sticking with the meat over the seafood though. Tried the house broth which was really flavorful - will try the spicy one next time. Our server Way was attentive and helpful. Would recommend - check this place out if you're into hotpot.this is one of my favorite hot pot spots in Philly! great service, my server that night was a really chill guy named Way! amazing food w/ reasonable prices! we also got free ice cream :)) will def be coming back here soon!!Go see Zoey and get some Wagyu Brisket Hotpot! .  
The food was delicious and you have so many options on the menu you'll never eat the same meal twice.serving sizes are plentiful.. The wagyu brisket came with enough meat to make a hot roast beef sandwhich. The service is attentive and friendly! 
I was a little confused by the conveyor belt, seems unnecessary but it's fun to look at.Great food great service by Brandon!! Although the pork sausage was too porky but all of the beef dish was great!!!I have not had a lot of hot pot, but Chubby Cattle makes me want to change that. We stopped by at 5pm on a Friday and were the 2nd group of people in the restaurant. The waitstaff was incredibly friendly and helpful, including when helping us pack up our still-hot leftovers.
We got the Oxtail Tomato Broth and Mid-Level Hellishly Spicy Broth...mid-level hell is pretty demonic. We got the beef combo (too much for 2 people!) and noodle combo (good for 2 people) and fried tofu to soak up the broth. 
Two tips: wear dark clothing you are OK getting grease on and cut your noodles before cooking them: those slippery suckers are hard to pick up and fling broth all over the place!Service was really great, he was very polite and willing to listen to my request. Didn't give me an attitude like other restaurants and in general a very good experience. 
It was my first time in chubby cattle and my waiter went through the menu explaining the details and made me feel very week informed about what I'm going to get.Great service and food. The quality was definitely one of the best in Philly. The menu is large and makes you want to try everything. Even if you don't like hotpot there's other food too. Haven't used the conveyor belt yet. Definitely would recommend going here to eat. Word of advice, make a reservation. It gets packed pretty quickly.Had an excellent first time at Chubby Cattle by our server Way. He was very accommodating and helped our way around the menu for us newcomers. I really enjoyed our broths of ox tail tomato and tonkotsu miso. I recommend this new spot in Chinatown!I went to get lunch with my friends. They have good services, good foods, and nice environment also. Thanks to Chubby Cattle.Went to visit with my boyfriend! The wait wasn't that long and they were very nice about it. We used the yelp offer to get free conveyer belt item. Got the beef combo, and the noodle combo along with few vegetables. I had the beautiful tomato as a base and it was great! Erika was our waiter, and she was very attentive and nice about everything. She answered  all the questions I had! Would definitely come again !Erika was super helpful as this was my first time here. The brisket, vegetables, and soup were fresh and delicious. Would definitely come back next time I'm in Philly.Well. This hot pot is an EXPERIENCE! They use a conveyer belt concept. Really your new age type of place. Food is pretty tasty and Sooyoung/Brian was our server, one of the best servers who took the time to talk to us and run us through the process. Recommended. Try the oxtail tomato soup.This place is a fancier version of every other hot pot place nearby. The mushroom soup base and the medium spicy soup base is amazing. Mushroom soup base: a little bit spicy but very strong taste of the used ingredients. Their sauce base is a little lemony which is perfect for all those heavy meat and the rest is your own DIY sauce. 
Meats: nice and tender, okay amount
I got the Waygu Brisket and Lamb Shank, I prefer the Lamb Shank because it's very tender, little buttery and soft.
Vegetables: fried tofu skin is incredible, dip in for 3 seconds for the best taste. Watercress is not chewy which is great! Pumpkin is good and love the taro.
Noodles: Green Tea and Purple Yam noodles are just okay. The texture is nice to eat, but the taste is not as strong. Can barely taste the flavor. It's a little too bland for my tastebud.
Service is very nice and quick. I paid the total of $68 with 10% off from Yelp Check in, excluding tips.I love this place! Not really a hot pot person but this place made me come back for seconds within a week! Quality is amazing as well as the staffs! Definitely want to make reservations if you're coming on weekend cause theyre quite busy! Ask for Brandon, Way and Zoey, theyre amazing!I had placed my group of 5 on the waitlist app on yelp at 5:40 pm on a Sunday night. The waitlist stated to arrive at 6:34 pm and notified the host/ hostess we had arrived. 
We ( the whole group) arrived at 6:24pm. And the hostess stated they were really busy and we had to wait 1.5 more hrs to be seated. I was thinking she was going to say 15-20 min wait, not 1.5 hrs. What was the point of placing ourselves on the waitlist then? I reiterated that the waitlist stated that we should be there by 6:34pm. And she stated I should have call for reservation instead. I told her, per yelp we were not allow to make reservations for a group less than 6. She stated we should have still called. I had a 3 year old with me, what was I suppose to do with a 3 year old for 1.5 hrs on the streets of Chinatown?! I am also pregnant, so I am constantly hungry. What a waste of my time to come down to the city. Delete the waitlist off your yelp site if it's not accurate. 
Can't say much about the food because we did not want to wait 1.5 hrs and then for them to tell us to wait for "x" amount more time.Nothing much too say but this place is prob the best hot pot in Philadelphia Chinatown, go check it out!Right across vivi. The place is clean and neat. I tried the ox tail tomato base which was really good. The staff was very nice and attentive. The food is a little pricey compared to some other hot pot places but it was goodBest hot pot I've had in a while!! My boyfriend usually hates hot pot, but this place changed his mind. Our server was Vicky and she did an awesome job at explaining the menu and being attentive when we needed her.I've been to several other hot pot places in Chinatown, and Chubby Cattle is by far the best by several margins and standard deviations. The ingredients they use are fresh, and the presentation of the raw ingredients are beautiful. The ox tail tomato soup base tastes like home and extremely flavorful. This place also has a conveyor belt, so if you see something you like, you can grab it. The price is very reasonable for the quality of food they serve. One negative criticism is that sometimes the air conditioner feels like it's on blast and can be extremely cold even when the weather is hot outside, so if you're wearing tanks and shorts, it can feel freezing. 
I would highly recommend Chubby Cattle above the other hot pot restaurants, even if you're not particularly fond of hot pot.This place is great and Brianne was a great server!! Er came in starving and just kept ordering items and she was so nice to take our randomness. Thank you for being great!Terrible service. Signed-in for table of 3. The signed-in iPad stated #18, but got notification on my phone shown #33. There was no indication how long it's the wait. We waited for 15 mins, and no one came to inform waiting time. Thus, I went to ask one of hostess. She stated 30 mins wait, and will inform us our table is ready via phone text. We went to next door to get bubble tea b/c we were very hungry. Came back in the restaurant before 30 mins wait duration, and the same hostess told us another 1 hour wait. Not sure it was reservation system error or incompetent service staff (including the hostess). Very disappointed, and will not visit the restaurant next time in Chinatown, Philly.Sooyoung was awesome! The food was delicious; defintely go all in on  the meat platter!This is probably the best hot pot I had in the city but it is a bit pricey. Our waitress Zoey was super nice. The beef is wagyu from Japanese cattle and it is amazing! It is thinly cut and marbleizes in your mouth. I would definitely recommend the brisket as that was the best thing I had in the beef combo. I also the wagyu sashimi, which is eaten raw. It was recommended by our hostess and it was really smooth. Overall it is a bit pricey but is worth trying.First time trying this new hot pot place.  We got seated in a timely manner.  We ordered their popular house original pot and the tonkotsu miso pot. Both tasted delicious!! 
Definitely recommend everyone to come try it out! Great service!This place is the best hotpot place you can find within Philly Chinatown. I highly recommend tying their wagyu brisket, beef tongue and angus prime rib eye. Their cabbage and beef tendon ball are very satisfying as well. There are plenty options of the soup. In addition, there's as self service portion so it's very convenient. Very well service as they serve very fast.Great for groups! Erika and team were friendly, helpful, and attentive. She made the experience very enjoyable. Gave us some insider tip. Food was fresh. We got combo everything for the hotpot, and it worked out perfectly!Amazing service! Tasty food!! Aesthetically pleasing!!! Must try. One of the best hot pot restaurants in philly!Vicky, our server was amazing! Great food and fantastic service!! 
Uni wagyu sushi is a must try!Absolutely delicious!! Didn't know what we were in for when we made the reservation but it absolutely blew us away! The food is delicious and got me trying new things!!Great hot pot. Food was fast, quality, and tasty. Restaurant space isn't very big, but the staff went out of their way to accommodate our crew of 4 kids under 4. For example, they had limited high chairs but went to the restaurant next door to get extras.  It's a legit little hidden gem.As you walk in, you notice this place is clean and modern. It's perfect for a night out with friends or a date night that doesn't require dressing up. The wait time can be a little long, especially if it's during dinner time, but the time can be easily spent taking a walk around Chinatown. This place can be a little pricey, but it's worth it if split it between a couple friends and get a couple things to fill you up such as the veggie platter or some noodles.
Once seated, we were told to choose a broth and went with the original which was rich and flavorful. The broth was really decadent and pairs well with the beef combo that we got. The beef combo is good for first timers because it lets you try a little bit of everything for a set price and also lets you know which cuts of meat you like. I might just have a basic tongue, but I don't really taste a difference between these cuts and normal beef belly that you can get at regular hot pot places. 
Overall, I'd go again only if I'm with a larger group or on special occasions. The food was good, but it's not somewhere worth going on a regular basis.Place was excellent. Ruoshi was the best!!!! She patiently explained the menu as it was our first time. Great experience!I've been here twice, and they have been consistently delicious! Both their mushroom broths and tomato oxtail are absolutely delicious! It has been packed both times I was here (arrived around 7pm to 7:30) so having a reservation is recommended!
Servers are very friendly and tons of fun to chat with, but extraordinarily busy. Our server Soonyoung was very helpful, friendly, and patient with our orders, and would hustle to get our orders in and bring our food out. Exceptional service!
The only negative I have to say is requests can get lost. We had to ask for water refills a few times to get it, and we ordered some tea, but it never came. Otherwise, our overall experience has been very good!This is my first time having hotpot and Steven made it amazing. At first, I wasn't impressed with the service provided by the hostess (lack of communication), but after finally being seated, Steven was really patient in explaining hotpot and had great advice.Chubby Cattle was a fun stop. Anyone who enjoys hot pot should stop by here - especially if you're wandering through China Town. This is definitely authentic and has a great variety of soups and options. While Chubby Cattle was a little on the pricer end, everyone had a great time! Many people were first timers at a Hot Pot place, and the staff were very understanding and helpful with explaining the process.This spot stands out from the rest of the hot pot scene in Philadelphia Chinatown. Service from our server Shanshan and quality of food are top notch. We tried their original and mushroom broth for our soup base -both surprisingly flavorful. We tried the beef combo, which had the wagyu beef and rib eye, that melted in our Taking food from the conveyer belt provided a different and fun spin on the experience!The meats are really fresh and the sauce is very refreshing. Nice place for fine hotpot.This was my second time having hot pot in Philly's Chinatown, but first time at Chubby Cattle. By comparison, Chubby Cattle is my preferred of the two for a number of reasons. They make the experience very accessible for those who are trying it for the first time, and service is fast and friendly. They also had very fresh and delicious ingredients, and the broth was excellent. They clearly also pay attention to the presentation of the food, which was beautiful. Overall, I really enjoyed my experience and I'll definitely come back!Not a bad hotpot place.  Some amenities are still in the works, like the tablet ordering feature.  For the most part they have good quality meat.  Lamb was on point.  Not too gamey indicating pretty good quality.  Broths were very good.  And service was also great.  The one downside is that the sauces are quite limited.  If you know hotpot then you know you need the wets in your sauce which they dont quitr jave besides sesame oil and sesame paste and the bbq sauceThe food is amazing. The kitchen and clean, and there are a lot of choices at your fingertips...literally!  I have been spoiled by the wagyu beef. Do not forget the soup dumplings, they are a must!Delicious food. First time eating at a "hot pot" restaurant and it was amazing and affordable. You're able to add more food to your pot from the belt as it makes its rounds. The base soups were so tasty!!Wanted to go back before leaving Philly but was not able to. Definitely planning on coming back to chubby cattle soon!Vicky was really great! She made sure we were very well taken care of and Provided a really great service. 
I love coming here and I will continue to recommend this place to everyone I know. 
Best hot pot place around! 
The oxtail soup is to die for!Visit Kiki at the chubby cattle! She was an efficient waitress and met all of our expectations! Hands down way more fresh and flavorful compared to the other hotpot places in Chinatown. The restaurant is a smaller than expected so try not to go around busy times. Overall the experience was great! Would definitely return again!Thought this place was very interesting from the looks of it when we looked it up. Our wait for a table of 3 took about 40 minutes, hence, I would definitely recommend reserving a table ahead of time. The restaurant is split off into two sections, tables that have each personal grills and then tables that have a center stove for family-style hot pot. We were more interested in the grills, but the wait was too long so we took what was available to give it a shot even though it was the "more expensive option." Our server was nice, but lacked attention to our table compared to the one next to us. He explained everything thoroughly, and considering it was all new to my friends and I, we got a basic general understanding of what was what. We proceeded to order the Spicy Soup and the Oxtail Soup for our Hotpot and added various amenities from the menu including Meatballs, Octopus, and one of the beef. A problem we had was that we ordered an order of dumplings as an appetizer, but they didn't have it in stock at the time. I'm not sure if there was a misunderstanding between the server and me, but we got an order of this well designed beef that came with a good presentation with vapor. What we got was apparently "Beef Tongue." We thought it was the dumplings that we ordered, didn't realize until we got the receipt, and ate it anyways. To our surprise, tasted pretty good, but was shocked to the price of it that it was $20 for 3 Rose shaped slices of beef tongue. Our server was able to get us 30% off for the misunderstanding which was good b/c the dumplings we wanted was probably around $12. The restaurant does offer Free Ice Cream at the end of your course per person in exchange for a review. Overall, it was an experience to try something new, but make sure to know what you're ordering and know what you're eating and keep in mind the prices load up.Creative dining concept, with modern ambiance and conveyor belt hotpot. Loved the seasoning tray, allowing us to customize our own sauces to our desired level of spiciness. 
Favorites:
- Slow cooked wagyu beef. Tender, juicy, seasoned to perfection, that melt on your tongue - worth paying extra for
- Tomato oxtail broth base. Hearty, tomato-y, savory goodness
- Noodle Combo. Green tea, tomato, purple yam - flavors you wouldn't expect to taste so wonderfully you will be surprised! 
-Watercress. Flavor was perfectly complemented by the broth
Okay:
- Wagyu rainbow soup dumpling. I'm obsessed with soup dumplings, but the soup was just so-so. Pork xlbs are still the way to go - wouldn't order this again
- Lamb shank. Meh, I'm just not a lamb fan
Overall, amazing service by our server Brandon, who patiently explained the process and his favorite dishes
Would come again!Virgin hot pot adventure and the staff explained everything patiently and thoroughly, and we enjoyed the experience and the food very much.  
Oxtail base was delicious! I'd definitely like to try more things. Would be great with a group.Went to chubby cattle with a friend for dinner on a Thursday night -- service was great! Kenny and Daniel took care of us and made sure we got all of our food out quickly. Really enjoyed the spice soup base and the beef combo. Definitely will come back!This is one of the best hotpot place in Philadelphia. The quality of beef is high, so I think the beef combo is a must. Also, they served carious kind of side dishes. Every broth is worth to try. The server was very on point and polite. Not to mention that the music is good, which you can enjoy delicious hotpot with trending musics.This place is awesome! Daniel was our waitor and he was GREAT! He took very good care of us. Will highly recommend this place!I love this place!! My boyfriend and I have been here 3 times already and the more we come, the more we love it. We always get the house broth with meat combo!! Plus some noodles!!
Some of the things we love from the conveyor belt would be egg, enoki mushrooms, wagyu dumpling,  Chinese donut and so much more!Food is amazing!!! Definitely go at least once and try their Wagyu beef. Service is so helpful and friendly and more than happy to help you order if it's your first time. Shout out to Way!!! You're awesome!!!!This food was VERY good. We had the beef platter and various vegetables, which were all as fresh as could be. Cooking the ingredients together in a pot was actually more fun and quicker than I thought it would be. I am a picky eater and I wound up trying about 5 different things I never had before. Everything was on point, try the ox tail broth base.
Erika was our servergreat experience here! Our server Vicky is very nice and accommodating to our requests. Food is really good tooFantastic! Our server, Erika, was so helpful with explaining the hotpot and recommending ingredients. The wagyu is excellent and the broths we had (oxtail, miso, and house) were amazing. Can't wait to come back.zoey . . I have I have the worst ever experience in this hot pot restaurant. I waited in the line for 1hr30min, and the next served party should be us. However, since the empty table is for 4 people, while we only have 2 people, the waitress directly skip our party and told the party behind us to sit into that table. This is so horrible. We are so hungry and wait for a long time, but the waitress did not serve us since we only have 2 people (which means we may spend less money than 4 people party). This is the bad experience I ever had in a restaurant. Will never visit this restaurant again, and I recommend 2 people party should not come to this store, since they may not serve you if there is a party with more people behind you
-----updates------
I do not think first come first serve rule applied to me. I am pretty sure the 4 people party behind us does not have reservation (I saw them register their names later then us at the restaurant). That is why I strongly recommend 2 people party do not come to this hot pot restaurant, especially there are a lot of people waiting there.Everything was outstanding - food, service, atmosphere. Brandon was our server. He did a great job walking us through everything and made great recommendations. The Wagyu sashimi was on point. The atmosphere was unique and very cool. The conveyer belt set up was is a really neat touch. Highly recommended.Amazing food right here at Philadelphia Chinatown.  if you want quality food unlike any other hot pot down the street this is it.   
Kai the main chef really controlling the food quality with great effort.   
Matthew the owner providing excellent customer service upfront.  
I will definitely recommend this place to all my friends that knows about quality food.This place is pretty good. I'd rate it pretty high - but really I'm writing this review for the free ice cream. I never write reviews, I just eat and bounce. I'm not one of em snobby Yelp elitist. Peace!I was recommended to Chubby Cattle by a friend and everything here was delicious! We got the house original and tomato oxtail, we also tried the wagyu brisket, udon, wide potato noodle, pork belly, short rib with egg, chinese donut, and enoki mushroom. The sauce tray was very cool and I liked how the servers brought it to us and guided us into making the perfect sauce. There was a really cool conveyor belt train and we grabbed a lot of things from there like corn (very sweet), mussel, fish ball with roe, sponge tofu, nappa cabbage, winter melon, and tiger shrimp. There was also sushi on the conveyor belt which was really cool too. Our tomato oxtail soup was very flavorful! I wish I could've took an order home. Our server David was very informative and helped us order the perfect amount of food. I would definitely come back and try the sushi next time. 
FAVORITES! Wagyu brisket (so good), tiger shrimp, soup base, pork belly, short rib with egg, sauce try, sponge tofu, and the udon goes very well with the soup. 
Overall, it was a great experience. I would definitely want to try the A5 Wagyu beef. 
WE JUST GOT OUT MEMBERSHIP CARD!! Can't wait to come back again.One of the best hotpot in the town. The Beef combo is great! Ways Yukke looks like magic and taste awesome. Aburi Wagyu Foie Gras Nigri is also worth to try. It is kinda expensive but the experience is good. We will definitely come over again with friends.This is the best hot pot place. It was our first time eating at Chubby Cattle and Erika suggested all the right items for us. The Ox Tail soup was delicious and so was the shrimp paste that she suggested! Order any type of beef and you won't be disappointed! Highly recommended place!This was an amazing meal and an amazing experience. The food is delicious and there is enough when all is said and done to take plenty home. The broth is rich and flavorful, the lamb shank was AMAZING and the meal was fun to eat. The staff, Ruoshi, Yong Mei and Sonny were so polite, courteous and helpful. My 2 friends and I came while one of us was in town from TX, and we can NOT get enough. I will be back with as many people as I know. I work nearby so coming back for lunch is a no-brainer! Delicious, delicious, delicious and I do not give high ratings easily but if I could give 6 stars I would!
Oh and check in on yelp to get a free item from the conveyor belt!Amazing food and service was great. Don't be intimidated by the choices take your time and build the hotpot ( soup ) the beef combo option is enough for three people the share.One of the best hotpot in Philadelphia, their soup base is just too good. I had the tomato oxtail soup and I must say it's one of the tastiest oxtail soup . I would be going there more often . Highly recommended.Great meat selection and everything is very flavorful here!! From the broth and meats to the sauces and fishballs, everything exceeded my expectations. Would definitely come back for more!The broth here was the best one that I have ever tried for hot pot! The wagyu beef and seafood were very fresh and I really enjoyed scallop. The staffs, especially the server Way, was were all very kind which we really appreciate. I definitely recommend this trendy place to try out!First time at the Chubby Cattle and had such a great experience! From the meats to the vegetables, I truly enjoyed the meal and will definitely be visiting again!Had a great experience eating hot pot here. The pork belly was delicious. Our server, Vicky, was very polite and attentive. Would recommendedI'm a huge fan of hotpot. Chubby cattle doesn't even measure up to the current hot pot spots already located here in Chinatown, such as Nine Ting, Hippot Shabu, and Little Sheep. It's not AYC but it's worth the splurge. The wagyu beef melts in your mouth, the quality of food is top star and the staff here is so attentive and very helpful when it comes to explaining each menu item. Way was out server tonight. He helped my boyfriend and I pick out items on the menu. He was so nice and friendly. Definitely a good example of the great staff that they have on deck. Will be coming back to the great service and amazing food!Amazing Mongolian style hot pot it was our first time having it, and our server Sooyoung was super helpful with explaining the menu and conveyer belt system. Our meal also came with complementary ice cream! Me and my friends overall had quite a wonderful experience, would definitely recommendExcellent food and service, 10/10 would recommend. We got the House broth and the ox tail with wagyu brisket, udon noodles, shrimp, and beef tongue. The food was all delicious, and the service was excellent from the entire team. Our server, Way, was very informative and the entire serving staff took great care of us.A great food experience somewhat hampered by lackadaisical service. Highlights: food was fresh, individual hot pots functional & fun, beef that's real Wagyu, tasty broth options (including non-spicy choices for Pilgrims lol). The house choice of sliced Wagyu beef was a standout experience, but the sliced lamb, tofu, scallops and glass noodles were all fresh and tasty as well.  Even the waitlist is made tolerable with an option to join digitally (up to 30 min prior to arrival).  The much-touted Refrigerated conveyor belt system to choose side dishes remains gimmicky, and certainly didn't make up for the slow service I encountered. (You'll not only sit faster by opting for a table off the conveyer belt, you sacrifice nothing--all on the belt is available on the menu). Just pray it comes on time!! The wait staff wasnt overly helpful in describing the menu choices, assisting food choices nor in timely delivery. Wait was 13 min till first dish arrived, and we were never served the water we were promised.First time at this location and the service was outstanding!!! We love the Las Vegas location as well. We had Kuang and he was so informative, kind, friendly and professional! He helped us with so many wonderful choices. Thank you so much. Then the GM, Matthew came over to say hi and greeted us as well. We also had Kenny and he was so kind and passionate about his work. He had tons of recommendations as well and told us a little about philly. Such a wonderful staff you have. We will definitely be back. The food is always so delicious! Thank you so much again!!!As a first time experience this place was great. It's really unique and worth checking out. Our waiter Erika was really friendly and helped us out a lot. The food was good and they have a lot of different options. It's worth a try!Came here for my birthday dinner with my boyfriend. We were a little overwhelmed by all the options, but our server, Steven, took great care of us, helping us navigate the menu and making recommendations. The tonkatsu and tomato oxtail broths were both great! The waygu and uni sushi was melt-in-your-mouth delicious and worth the price. We had a hard time with the tiger shrimp shells and werent the biggest fan of the lobster meatballs but the waygu and ribeye meat options were awesome. Surprisingly, our favorite add-in was the shitaki mushrooms- so delicious. Would love to come back with a bigger group!This was my first time trying Hot Pot, and I really enjoyed it. My server, Michi, was very helpful in explaining the process (and was super attentive and helpful throughout the meal). The food was really delicious--I'm looking forward to returning!When you first walk into this restaurant, the greeters n waiters were so friendly and right away we got a seat. The whole concept of conveyor belt with food on it is fun and we just watch the food go around and around. But on there is mostly veggies. The soup base was good with strong beef broth. N if u come during happy hrs, they just left the stuff on there without adding new stuff til the happy hr ends. Between me n my friend, we order enough food that we had decent amount of leftover to bring home. But the price still came out to be $45 a person with tips. I would say it is quite pricy for hotpot. 
Food wise, the beef is pretty good but have a lot of fat. I love the lamb shank. Broth is strong n smooth. The beef screwer is so small n tiny n sad n expensive!!!!! Oh, n super salty too. Price wise is pretty expensive too. I won't say that I have to come back but the experience was quit different.We really enjoyed our experience here and the food was excellent!!! They have a conveyor belt going around the tables that you can grab food to put in your hot pot (fish eggs, wagu beef dumplings, and tons of other items). The wagu beef dumpling was the best dumpling I've ever had. It was so fun cooking our own items. Between 4 people, we got the vegetable combo, noodle combo and beef combo but we ended up ordering 2 more noodle combos because we could each eat our own. Noodles are amazing and made in house of course. The vegetable combo was cabbage, lettuce and other greens. One of us got the lowest level of the spicy broth and it was on fire!!!! We love spicy but that took spicy to a whole new level and was the lowest level of spice so be careful. The miso soup base was really good. Would highly recommend this place!Took my best girl to Chubby Cattle for her first hot pot experience. Everything was wonderful from the moment we walked in. Very friendly and attentive staff. Vicky was wonderful and explained the menu to us with recommendations. She was making sure we had everything (including plenty of napkins)!and were happy with our selections. This is a great spot to bring new hot pot eaters or just enjoying a night for two. The food portions are also pretty fair. We ordered the beef combo, noodle combo, shrimp and vegetable combo and it was plenty for two! We will be back!I had seen this place and seen the high reviews and was anticipating visiting this location but I was sorely disappointed. for hot pot usuals, this aint cheap and the quality of the proteins was lacking to justify the price. i'd be totally find paying if it was bangin but it wasn't. please know there's all you can eat hotpot which makes the experience fun! here- it was a chore knowing i was paying insane markup for a piece of vegetableDaniel was a great server.  The tomato broth was really tasty.  My only complaint was that the meat sampler was a bit over priced.  Overall really great!!!Absolutely amazing !! My brother and I had popped in by happenstance while getting some material for our Vlog. We had never had hot pot before and were super excited for the choose yourself conveyor belt they had so you could add your own meats and veggies into your broths. 
I am vegan and had the beautiful tomato which was outstanding, sweet and just yummy :) My brother had the tomato oxtail broth which he loved as well. 
Michi was our server and she was attentive and super nice from the beginning to the end of our meal. She made sure we had enough broth, understood the concept of hot pot and always had a smile on her face.
And lastly The music was dope, as I like a good playlist while enjoying an awesome dinner 
What can I say? If you're looking for great staff, great service, and a wide array of choices for any dietary needs...choose the Chubby CattleCame here on a Sat afternoon with another friend for dinner and found out at the door that there would be a 30-60minute wait...
Nonetheless, it was worth the wait. Our server was Way, who was attentive in explaining how to order and then refilling our broth when the soup level got low.
In terms of food, I was impressed with the quality of the broth (mushroom base and tonkatsu miso), and the freshness of the ingredients (we got the beef combo, noodle combo, and vegetable combo). The conveyer belt is a fun addition, though most of the main meats, vegetables, and seafood had to be ordered from the menu. It would be awesome if more could be on the conveyor belt.This was our first time here and needless to say we'll definitely be back. The decor is cool, the staff is all extremely helpful and friendly, especially David. He was able to go through the menu with us and break things down for us. The make your own sauce at the table was also a highlight, as was the conveyor belt of food. The one thing I'd warn folks that love spicy food, the house hellish broth entry level, is spicy as hell. The name fits it right. However, the spicy broth made the food so flavorful, you just cannot drink it without breaking a sweat. We also got the house original broth and you can get a spicy add on, which I thought was good, but next time I may get two spicy add-ons. Overall, friendly staff, amazing food, cool vibe, we'll definitely be back.After trying the Chubby Cattle in Vegas and liked it a lot, my wife and I decided to do a comparison. The place is smaller and didn't have a sauce bar, but who needs a sauce when your broth tastes very good and it's still my top Hot Pot restaurant. Our server Way was awesome.  Ask for him when you visit, he's the way to go!My own Philly food scene experience got upgraded today at Chubby Cattle. The beef sashimi was as good as I expected, only seen it on YouTube prior to today so I was excited to try it. The real winner was the broth, I got the tomato ox tail, and it was the perfect compliment of flavors, and with a little ox tail meat in there, I could've just sipped the soup the entire meal with nothing else... Great experience, the belt style is awesome, another thing I only seen on YouTube until now. Service was excellent (thanks, Way), and knowledgeable about each dish if I needed to ask. Great place to bring friends and have a good talk over hot pot!Chubby cattle was super delicious with very fresh ingredients, but three stars only because the price was pretty high comparative to other hot pot restaurants in Chinatown. We spent 35$ each as a table of 4, whereas I think we could have gotten the same amount of food with similar quality at Little Sheep for $20-25 or so. That being said, it was fun to try out the conveyor belt, and it was nice to branch out a little bit for hot pot. Probably won't be back, but if I have a serious craving for hot pot and Little Sheep or Nine Ting are full, I wouldn't be opposed to checking out Chubby Cattle again.Great first experience with hot pot! Way was a great server and showed us the ropes of what to do. Definitely am going to be coming back for more!This is probably the best hot pot in Philly! There are other hot pots around the area, but the meat quality doesn't compare. 
I love how you're able to have your own individual pots, so you can adjust it accordingly to your own taste. I would recommend getting the chubby cattle special wagyu and the combo meat platter. 
Def a spot to come when you're in Philly!Great food and service. We've been here once before and ordered basically the same thing. Had the original broth, tomato oxtail broth, and tonkatsu miso broth, the wagyu combo, veggie combo, and noodle combo. I know, that's a lot of food for two people but we ate it all and then some!! Get here early or you'll be waiting! Our server was Quynh, and she was great!Been wanting to try Chubby Cattle every since i heard it opened in Chinatown. Tried it for the first time with my friend tonight, i would say that was not a disappointment!:) Great food and great services! Our waitress Shanshan has showed us the greatest hospitality:)Quality of the food was overall good. Signature Wagyu had decent marbling but was sliced a bit too thick. Vegetables were all fresh. Both the original and miso broths were rich and flavorful. 3 star rating is solely for absolutely terrible service. We arrived just over an hour before close on a Sunday night and while they had plenty of staff on to handle the 4 tables in the building, the servers that were on were very slow. Took over 10 min to be greeted and bring waters, another 10 min to place our orders broth came out after the meat did followed by the vegetables a few minutes after that.  Had to ask about getting dipping sauce and the house sauce arrived 5 min after that they only had 1 caddy of condiments to customize the sauce which took another 5 min to come. Maybe they'd be firing on all cylinders at peak times with the A team staff on but makes you wonder if the long wait times the rest of the day are from popularity or just slow service then as well.We went to Chubby Cattle as a group of four and had a fantastic time! The ingredients were fresh and the soup base was delicious! This place is different than other hot pot places because it provides each individual a separate pot to cook food in. It is more sanitary compared to other hot pots but at the same time lacks the family feel when sharing the same pot. Overall had a great experience!! Oh and shout out to Brandon, our server, who was absolutely fantastic during our entire dining experience and was very profesh and accommodating. It really made a difference in how we were able to enjoy our food. Thanks Brandon!Great quality meat, pricey but worth. Our server Way was very well informative with any questions I had. The broth I chose (spicy) was a little too thick and tomato based for my liking so I had to ask for them to dilute it multiple times.This was perfect for Lunar New Years with a group of friends! The house soup was flavorful and our orders were arranged beautifully.  The servers were very attentive to all of the tables - great for hot pot, when one wants to order frequently! :) The best hot pot I've ever had in Philly. Would recommend it.It's a wonderful hotpot restaurant that I always come. This time, I met a server called Michi. I was fascinating by her excellent service. This is one restaurant for you at least try once, cuz after the first time you enjoy here, you'll always remember to come back again.my friend and i wanted to hang out; we decided to meander down to chinatown for lunch, but many places didn't open until dinnertime, it seemed. a quick google search brought up "chubby cattle," and i figured the name was awesome so perhaps the food would be good too. 'good' was an understatement...it was amazing! 
the setup involves heaters that are embedded in your table; you choose your style of broth and can adjust the temp from tepid to boiling. next, you choose your ingredients...individual small plates of meat, veggies and the like arrive at your table raw, and you can arrange them in your broth in the desired ratio and watch as they cook at your table. meanwhile, a brightly-lit conveyor belt moves past you, showcasing each ingredient that you may choose from. our server, vicky, was quite friendly and knowledgeable, and she answered our many questions with patience and grace. 
i'd totally recommend this spot for a double-date or a family outing!This is one of the best hotpot restaurants in philly. The foods were above average but the services was great!! Simin was my server of the night. She has the warmest smile and the best customer service like michelin restaurant. She explained the meat and broth sections patiently to me. Overall the meats were amazing, specially the wagyu short rib. Definitely will come back just for the wagyu!!!
I had a medium spicy broth and was so so. The broth was more to salty than spicy. The boneless duck feet were still have too many bones inside and the seaweed still have sand. Will definitely recommend to my other friends for the wagyu and the experience.Went for the first time today and ended up leaving before I even had a chance to taste the food.  I was a party of three and was told that the wait would be about half an hour so to sign into the iPad. Signed in half hour mark hit. We were seated at the hour mark and people who had signed in after us were actually seated a couple minutes before us. But let me get back to that later.
During my hour long wait I was able to observe the staff, the food, and their cleaning process. First and foremost the staff is young and immature. Flirting with each other instead of grabbing checks and clearing tables. Actively pinching and poking one another and playing footsies. They also kept reiterating the half hour wait when this wasn't true. 
I realized a party of two that had come in 15 minutes after us was seated before us. The hostess realized this as well and when she said something to the other hostess, she simply rolled her eyes and shrugged her shoulders. No apologies. Poor customer service and organization.
Food came out decently fast which is a no brainer since you're supposed to cook everything in the broth.... 
Cleaning wise was way too quick, dirty rags being reused. We sat down and the server pulled a hair off our chopsticks and I had just had enough. 
We walked out after waiting for an hour. 
Disgusting.
I don't understand all the five star reviews.wagyu beef heaven! great food great service weekends are super busy but def worth the wait!100% the best hot pot place in Philly. Must get the beef with egg and beef with enoki. So yummy!!!!Great experience! Helpful staff and wonderful variety of food choices - vegetarians included!An all around great dining experience. Sooyong provided us with exceptional service and the food was delicious. Would definitely recommend to anyone interested in a cool hot pot experience with delicious food.First time dining here, and the food and atmosphere was great!
One thing to note is the level of spicy. The lowest level spicy broth was probably the spiciest broth I've ever had. So just be aware of that.
Our server, David, was great! He helped us navigate the menu and was very helpful the entire way through. Made the experience very pleasant. Ask for David!i came in with extremely high expectations because i've heard a lot of good things about the place, and the resturant exceeded all of them!!! i would've never thought to combine something so industrial like conveyor belts, with something so domestic like hot pot. the resturant combines the best elements of home-y food with more extravagant meals. not only was the food really outstanding, so was the experience. from the very first greeting to the very last farewell, all of the staff have made the experience very enjoyable. this is especially for our server daniel. he description of what hot pot was, how the resturant system works, and the different cuts of beef was extremely helpful and kept us from being overwhelmed by all of the options. dan recommended the coy fillet, and it ended up becoming my favorite dish. the fish was very white (showing how fresh it was) and presented in an extremely appealing way. no matter how long i over cooked it for, it did not feel rubbery or fall apart. i would highly recommend this place as a place to splurge!!We went to Chubby Cattle on a Saturday night at about 615 and were able to get a great seat considering when we left it was a complete zoo and people were lined up outside. The table was comfortable for two and the atmosphere and the vibe were really nice. The service was very good. We ordered the Kobe beef platter as well as a mixed array of beef platter and had a few of the dumplings (yuk) and mushrooms that came around on the conveyor belt next to the table. I ordered one beer and the price of dinner was $92 plus a $20 tip for a total of $112. Considering Chinatown the type of food etc. I thought it was overpriced. I I am glad I went but doubt I will be running back anytime soon.Very good hot pot place! Was pretty busy when we came around 630 7, but worth the wait. Got the spicy broth which was delicious, and all the veggies and meats tasted fresh. Super friendly staff as well. Would definitely come again!Probably one of the best soup bases for hotpot! Definitely try the spicy pot and the original pot! The staff are also extremely friendly and patient while serving! Overall had a great experienceThis is by far our favorite hot pot place in Philadelphia! Our waiter Brandon was great, as was the rest of the staff at the restaurant. It's been pretty busy every time we've come, so I'd recommend making a reservation or joining the waitlist on yelp before coming.Excellent high quality food and service! Super friendly and quick. Nice atmosphere and vibes. Strongly recommend.The A5 Wagyu is just amazing. Its hard to find that level of beef quality in the US and to get it as hot pot and beef sushi is just incredible. On top of that the revolving sushi style side dishes are really fun and add a nice touch. Definitely coming back. It's totally worth the cost.My first time in Philly. I had a difficult time looking for an evening restaurant. I was directed to China Town. Found this amazing hole in the wall conveyor belt style hot pot.  Delicious food, clean location. Out server David was amazing!! Guided us with the menu and even recommended some dishes. His selections catered to our liking. Everything was absolutely delicious!!!Meal was absolutely delicious! Would recommend the rainbow dumplings, Wagyu brisket and the mushroom basket!  We had Quynh as a waitress, she was great!OMG! I loved the food here. The food made me miss my trip to Japan. It was good quality. Alittle overpriced and small portions but I love  it. The staff was fast and friendly.The reason I gave this a 2-star review is due to how rude the host treated us. After waiting for 2 hours, the host seated us at a table. A minute later, she came to our table and said that she called us by accident. She told us to get up to go back to the waiting area. I understand that customers are being seated in order; however, she should have verified our names before taking us to the table AND if it was her mistake, she should have honored us instead of asking us to leave the table. Half an hour later we finally got a table, she never apologized and looked at us like nothing happened. 
This is what we ordered: 
- House Original Pot 
- The Beautiful Tomato Pot 
- Beef Combo (Brisket, Angus Prime Rib Eye, Australian Wagyu Short Rib) 
- Noodle Combo (Tomato Noodle, Purple Yam Noodle, Green Tea Noodle)
The broth are not as oily as compare to the other hot pot restaurants. Their sauce is DELICIOUS! It is made by the restaurant and we just add oily scallions, garlics, chilly peppers, etc (if we'd like). Their beef is what their restaurant is famous for, it tastes very different from other hot pot restaurant. It's soft, chewy and fresh! Their noodle is interesting, even though the combo has different color noodles, they taste exactly the same. I'd have given their food a 4.5 stars but the host's service was just unexceptionally disrespectful!I was so thrilled to see this place open up in Chinatown - I absolutely love hot pot, it's one of my favorite eating styles and comfort foods to get during cold winter days.  The conveyor belt aspect really intrigued me.  I love being able to get a variety of ingredients, but often times with hot pot you can only order maybe up to 3-4 ingredients plus your meat option because they tend to be generous portions and you get full.  At Chubby Cattle, not only do they have wagyu beef options which is unique, but the conveyor belt portions are so much smaller.  This might be a weird thing to say about a restaurant, but smaller portions means more room for more things.  The plates that the ingredients are rotating on are color coded to indicate their price (which is shown on the side of your table) and they're all pretty cheap.  You can rack up a TON of plates and still not run up a huge tab.
The wait staff is really friendly and super helpful - I had no idea what I was doing with ordering and the conveyor belt and they all were there to answer questions promptly and thoroughly.
I got the oxtail tomato broth and my partner got the tonkotsu miso.  I absolutely adored my broth - I think it might be my favorite non-spicy broth option, it was so incredibly savory and the tomato flavor also rounded it out nicely.
The interior is pretty spacious, and this would be a great option for taking guests who have never done hot pot too (especially again because everything is portioned smaller, if you don't like a hot pot ingredient, you can get rid of it fast!).  You do low key have to know though what is what - they are price labelled, but not labelled with what they are (though most are easy to figure out). You can also still order off the menu if you don't see anything you want coming down the belt.
I wish they had a more extensive sauce bar, like LaTao hot pot (my #1 spot) but their sauce options aren't too bad! 
Also, I would recommend just sticking to the hot pot - we decided to splurge a little and get wagyu foie gras nigiri and it was good but not amazing and probably not worth its price - learn from my mistake.Where do I start?!  Every plate is as good as it look.  My adventure here always end up delish and satisfying.  The quality and portion is perfect and there's plenty of options if you dare to treat yourself to some savory wagyu.  The conveyor belt is fun and I love the element of surprise.  Service is here makes you feel welcome and never rushed.  Ask for Vicki!  She'll light up your meal with her excellent service!
Less fighting, more eating! #invinzcibleDecide to come here for the first time with the recommendation of Brandon the server. Tried the mushroom broth and the numbing spicy broth it was really delicious. We also tried the Seafood Combo and Beef Combo which was a reasonable size. Conveyor belt was pretty cool and a good experience. The service was excellent. The server Ivan was very attentive and helpful. Overall a good experience and highly recommended.Well I would love to write a fantastic review about how great the food was...but we never got the opportunity to try anything. We joined the waitlist and arrived shortly ahead of our time to be there. We were told it would be about another 20 minute wait...ok so we waited. After 25 minutes we got the text saying to see the hostess because our table was getting prepared. Cool! Well 10 more minutes went by and two other parties came in after us and were seated before us. Maybe they were ahead of us on the waitlist, maybe they were not. But it seemed like they were seated ahead of us. The place is small so they could not have missed us because the workers constantly walked by us. I wish I would have gotten to enjoy this experience but I missed out on the chance and ended up leaving because it was well over 30 minutes from the time we were supposed to be there. And the hostess STILL said it would about 5-10 more minutes as we were leaving!Great service our waiter was Tithy. Delicious food! Definitely come with an appetite. The wygu nigiri is insanely good. And definitely get the ribeye.The best hotpot in philly! We always come here for the good soup and good meat. Im from california and its just as good.This restaurant is a lot of fun either going by yourself or as a group. You cook and season your god in a hot pot of rich broth so you have to be in to that and eat and dip as you go. This leaves an incredibly rich soup at the end. The wagyu beef cooks in seconds though actually I preferred the homemade noodles. They were out of the pork cheek which was my preference. The service was friendly and patient in explaining the process. They all checked back regularly to make sure I hadn't fallen into the broth. The evening was quite enjoyable.I'm in mourning that there's not a location closer to me than Philly. But I'll be back in October! It's AMAZING!!This hotpot place is unique for its food conveyor belt - cool concept! Coconut drink is really good. Tried the wagyu beef, delicious! Server, Erika, is nice and fast service. Came here on a Sunday night, wasn't a long wait.