UPDATE 11/19/13: I know prices can go up and all but $2 to $3 per dish is a bit much!!! 
I LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE Thai Food and this restaurant absolutely delivers in all aspects for me. The quality, taste, freshness, and unique style of preparation hits my appetite. I'm a loyal customer despite the slightly and I mean slightly over priced items. I love the duck salad, pad thai, crispy spring rolls and so many other items. Unfortunately, I'm not such a fan of the curry and I'm not sure why. Don't get me wrong the curry dishes are delicious but I just wasn't feeling it that day. 
I usually get delivery and I enjoy the online delivery options in order to avoid waiting time on the phone and possibly making mistakes over the phone. You can to specify exactly what you want and how you want it online so I highly suggest that you try that. Of course, going to the restaurant is just as good.I decided to try circles because it had such good reviews and I was craving pad Thai. I ordered the Crab Padthai and it was soooooo yummy. At $18, it was a little expensive for take out, so I was really hoping it wouldn't disappoint and it certainly did not. The crab was fresh and not fishy tasting at all! They put a very good amount of crab too, large chunks everywhere. The pad Thai sauce was amazing and it was a good portion overall. 
I ordered for pick up and they were so quick! They told me 10 minutes so I left my house right after ordering. When I got there, my order was all ready to go! It was quick and easy and the staff there were very polite, both on the phone and in person. Although the crab pad Thai was all I tried this time, I will certainly be ordering from here more and trying out more things on the menu!!Got delivery through grubhub which took about 50 minutes, not bad since it was snowing. The food unfortunately was not worth the wait.
Drunken noodles - very greasy, vegetables not cooked well, just all around boring and not worth near the price
Pad Thai - better than the noodles but still dissapointing. A small portion for the price and not much flavor. Also pretty greasy but at least the shrimp were a decent size.
Green Curry - the highlight of the meal, would get again. Enjoyed the chicken and most of the vegetables. Very flavorful, thank god for it to salvage the meal.
Overall, spent $40 all said and done for 2 people and will not be ordering again.I can't believe I haven't written a review of Circles. I typically do take out, but have never had a bad experience with it. The food is ALWAYS amazing - especially the pumpkin curry. Pad thai is great, along with basically all the other noodles I've had.
Whenever we are unsure of what to do for dinner - it ends up being a Circles order.So we've decided to sleep over at philadelphia, feels for some thai food and ordered delivery from this restaurant. 
It takes 1.15 minutes for the food to arrived. The food was ok, but the price way OVERPRICED.
 C'mon folks, we are talking about Philadelphia, especially South Philly.
How big is your expenses could be? Why charged so much money for Beef Fried Rice? $14 for a fried rice?? It's not even enough to share for 2.
Well, If you think this restaurant served authentic thai food, You are wrong. It's not worth the trip. Enough said....Excellent vegetable red curry with brown rice. Excellent -   I've eaten at many Thai  Resturants...., u deserve the Best 
I order atleast 2-4xs weekly yum yum. That DeLish!!this place is worth the walk/bus ride/bsl sojourn if you're not in/near south philly! i ordered take-out on my way home - house salad and eggplant stinger (with tofu and a side of white rice), to be exact. total price was 17 usd and some change (not including tip.) since i'm now used to philadelphia's restaurant price point (compared to that of my beloved new orleans which was generally inexpensive and delicious), i expected a small portion of each item for the total that i was quoted over the phone. this assumption was wrong. both dishes could have easily fed two people.  
as for the food, the salad was a little better than standard - with the usual lettuce (iceberg), tomato, cucumber, carrots but there were some red onions and broccoli florets for ~*pizazz*~. the best thing that came with the salad was the peanut dressing; it's kind of sweet but with the roasted heaviness of the peanuts. i would come back to this place just for the dressing.
the eggplant stinger was a healthy portion of eggplant, bamboo, and bell peppers with really tasty pan fried tofu. (you can choose from a variety of meats with each option being a different price.)  if i remember correctly, the menu said there would be a sweet and spicy sauce, but there was more of the latter than the former. i actually liked that the eggplant dish wasn't very sweet since the salad dressing was sweet enough for both items; however, if you're expecting something sweeter, bypass the eggplant stinger. of note, if you're a "thai hot" kind of person, you'll need to request more heat if you get the eggplant stinger because the spicing is at a very reasonable level for the vast majority of diners.
this place is busy as evidenced by the cooks feverishly working in the back and the girl at the register fielding take-out calls. my wait time to get my food was a reasonable 30 minutes since i was walking home and needed the extra time to get to the restaurant. there is a delivery service option, but i don't know the exact areas to which circles will deliver.  either way, go there now to get some delicious affordable thaiSimply delicious and perfectly prepared.
The spicy is truly spicy and a bit unbearable for my taste. On a separate occasion I got the medium and the spicy was just right.  can't go wrong with pad Thai or the beef pad see ew.So, the food is generally very good. The pad thai will most certainly hit the spot. I've ordered from here around 5 times or so, and haven't been disappointed with how the food TASTES. However, the portion sizes are a rip-off. The pad thai is a decent size, but order any of the curries and you can almost count the pieces of chicken on one hand. They're not very big pieces either... and for $10-$15 for the curries, it's totally a rip off.Good Thai food is difficult to come by apparently....some may have good Pad Thai, but lacking in Curry...however, Circle's seems to have a good grasp on all things Thai Food related.
We ordered on a Friday night, and ordered an absolute feast. The food arrived quickly and hot. There were several highlights to the meal, including the crab rangoon- i am a huge fan of the plum dipping sauce!
The only reason Circle's is not 5 stars is the heat level tends to vary- we ordered everything mild or medium, yet most of it was incredibly spicy.There are inconsistencies with their curries.  Sometimes it is too spicy, sometimes it is too watered down, etc.  The panang curry was too watery the second time.  The jungle curry was not very good...  no curry, no coconut... just some watery soup. However, the chicken satay and crab rangoons were good.  Cheesesteak roll was amazing, but would have been better with sriracha.Ordered here three times and felt it was time to review.
Little mad at myself that I did not see the certificate but alas I will have to order again to use it.
Pad Thai is absolutely delicious- much better than what you would expect from delivery. Speaking of delivery it was fast and food was piping hot.
Decided to venture out and get the crab rangoons as well last night. Nice and crispy however they were described as having lumps of crabmeat- not so much a pretty thick crab tasting paste was inside (yellow which was interesting). "Sweet Plum Sauce" on the side which was incredibly watery. 
Overall I give it 4 stars for being what it is- reliable basic Asian delivery. The Plum sauce was disappointing but I have actually yet to find a delivery service that provides a thick plum sauce for rangoons.
Next order- pumpkin curry!!I've always been more than satisfied with the food here. My friend and I always order the pineapple curry chicken and the cashew chicken stir fry. The stir fry, what I get, is pretty spicy, fresh, and delicious. 
The reason I give it 3 starts is because delivery has been horrible in the past. We ordered one Friday around 6. We waited patiently, and there was still no sign of our food at 9, 3 hours later! We called multiple times, had trouble getting through, and finally was able to speak with a manager. I don't care how good the food is, but waiting 3 hours to eat it is unacceptable. I haven't really ordered since. It really is a shame, because their food is good..I was never in love with Thai food, never even liked it really, until I discovered this gem in the rough. Circles has the BEST Thai food in Philly and what I love most about it is that when they say spicy, they really mean spicy! 
If it's your first time, I would recommend Tofu Corn Fritters, Cheesesteak Egg Rolls, Crab Rangoon, Crispy Duck fried extra crispy, and any of the curries because every one of them is absolutely de-lish. 
P.s. Don't forget to bring a bottle of wine :)Really great food within walking distance of my house. 
Came here on a Sunday when I was not interested in eating brunch type food. I really enjoyed the pad thai with tofu I had. The waitress was really knowledgeable about vegetarianism and  food allergies. I also had the tofu crab fritters which were awesome. Do not order your food hot unless you really enjoy spicy food, I definitely enjoy spice but the regular hot almost was too much. Next time I will bring a nice crisp beer to cut the spice.
The setup was strange because our waitress had to run across the street every time an order was up, she informed us there is usually a runner.
I plan on going again with the yelp deal.Went with two other people.. The place is a little tight on the inside, but we didn't mind. The waiter was super friendly and the food was AMAZING. Try to tofu corn fritters and the pad thai, and have the waiter recommend a dessert.Great food. If I live nearby, my kitchen would be used only for breakfast and Circles would supply 2/3 of daily caloric intake. Every thing on the menu is delicious, but don't be afraid to ask them to crank up the heat a bit.As far as Thai food in the city goes, I haven't had much. A coworker of mine always orders from here and is very giving when it comes to sharing lunch. Since generally Thai food isn't vegetarian (even that tofu pad thai kids!), I try not to fend off my cravings. The Pad Kaprow today was wonderful, the tofu is seasoned and sauces well, that sticky rice custard reminds me of breakfast growing up and the vegetables are not overcooked and still have a crisp bite to them. Spicy to them is flavor and won't make you cough as you inhale your food. 
I'm sure I'll have this again, I might even go so far to say I may call for food myself. Price wise - lunches are $8.95 for a generous meal of your choice, eggroll, soup, rice and the dessert of the day. It's enought for two meals or a meal for two!Amazing, delicious, fresh Thai food! A def keeper!My tom yum, somtum, and shrimp summer rolls were fine.  The problem was that I had never been here before and I walked to pick my lunch up.  I was completely skeeved out by the inside of the place.  I was expecting something much different because of the reviews, and instead, I found something that looked like a dirty take out place.  Because of the appearance of the inside, I had a hard time eating my food.Ordered take-out from Circles last night for the first time.  Got the papaya salad, which had nice flavor, but was nothing special.  The pumpkin curry was too sweet and the pad see ew was just average.  Still on the hunt for a better Thai place in PhillyI've found Circles to be some of the best takeout in Newbold.  It's relatively cheap, fast, and delicious.  We order from there roughly twice a month, and have yet to be disappointed.This place is still great. I just wish they were more consist with the spice level.   Sometimes it comes way too spicy or not spicy at all.. Overall the food is still great and the delivery is pretty fast!I was really disappointed with Circles. 
I LOVE Thai food, so I ordered Circles from GrubHub, even though I have an awesome regular Thai restaurant. I wanted to give Circles a shot.
The Mild Soup was very good.
For one of the entrees, I got the "Eggplant Stirfry". It says "with bamboo, peppers, and sweet/spicy sauce", but it was 95% bamboo and smelled like horse. I thought they packed the wrong thing at first. So, this dish was a wash. It did not taste good.
Then, I opened the "Red Curry" and saw that it, too, was 95% bamboo. Now, I always start with Red or Green Curry from a new place, so I know what to expect and this was not it. When I removed the bamboo, the curry in and of itself was amazing.
When I called to ask for a refund, I was told that, because the GrubHub description says that the dish contains bamboo, the restaurant wasn't going to take any responsibility for the poor quality of their food. When 95% of your dish is bamboo, it doesn't mean that it "contains bamboo"; it means that it *is* bamboo. 
I asked to be refunded for one of the two entrees. I paid $32 for my whole order and tipped the delivery guy well. I did not think that a $12 refund for a mostly-bad meal was a ridiculous notion. I am so upset that Circles completely brushed me off and clearly doesn't care about its customers.
**********************
**EDIT 2/11/15** The owner, who wasn't present that night at the South Philly location, has since followed up with me and given me the partial refund that I requested. I have changed my initial rating (1 star) to reflect what I thought of the food itself. I've left the rest of the review in-tact. 
Make sure to order lots of vegetables if you want something other than bamboo. Since the owner did follow up with me, I will try Circles again with a new ordering strategy in mind.
**********************Hello, Yelp!  It's been a while.  And, sadly, a belated goodbye to Philadelphia, as I'm now yelping (and engaging in other, more productive activities) elsewhere in the world.
Looking back, it's surprising just how infrequently I made my way to South Philly, which really seems to be up-and-coming.  I have maybe one or two reviews for QV, and that's probably about it.
Anyway, the point here is that Circles is something the Center City crowd shouldn't be bailing out on.  We wandered into Circles on what was, literally, our second-to-last day via a Living Social deal.  The mostly Thai food was excellent; it's a value even without a coupon; and there's lots of veggie-fiendly choices.  I think they deliver as well, but it really isn't *that* far from the BSS.
So just take the extra 20 minutes or so and drag yourself to Tasker for a curry or the awesome Kee Mao.  I will certainly be missing Philly's wide variety of Asian options on Christmas Day this year, and if I was there, I'd go to Circles.So very good. Delivery OR eating there. 
I am a vegetarian and have always ordered different things and have never been less than super happy with the food and service. 
It is kind of pricey, but you get what you pay for... I guess we can't think of Circles as your typical take out joint.Great food but terrible service. Slow waiters and kind of rude. Do yourself a favor and get takeaway, much quicker and easier.Awesome food! Pad Thai is the best! Appetizers we tried vegetable dumplings and spring rolls ..Just YUM YUM YUM! We took a takeaway but the girl at the counter was extremely courteous. I highly recommend trying this place! If you've more appetite  try their curries!NONONONONONO just no. 
This is the type of food that you would eat when desperate and hungry on a Sunday night and far too lazy to walk out. 
Duck Pad Thai was served with rubbery duck and noodles that stuck in one big clump. So when you use your chopsticks to reach for some, the whole container of noodles comes up in a wonderful rubbery clump. Yay team!
Summer spring rolls is pretty decent. But how bad can you mess up raw food? The sauce is terrible though. I don't know what it was but I threw it away when I saw the black gooey mass curdling around in it's horrific glory in that plastic container. Evil 
Pad Kee Mow stir fry is..... well. It was served with little secret pools of black pepper here and there. I guess the chef didn't bother to mix it or something. 
I don't know. Either way, it really isn't delicious. Yelp got it wrong this time.I've been ordering from Circles since I moved to South Philly in January, and the frequency has increased -- is it me, or do they keep stepping up their game? From my first so-so spring rolls to a great meal in their dining room the other day, I have become a convert.
One big improvement in recent months is the addition of a nice little dining room. We ate in for the first time last week, and oh boy, it was even better than I've remembered it. The papaya salad is so, so good -- crisp, acidic and a bit spicy. I've also had great curries with tofu -- the one with pineapple is particularly delicious -- and they are happy to modulate the spice for you. As in, they will actually make it spice if you legitimately want it to be. Thank goodness. 
After an unfortunate incident with bland Pad See Ew in January, I was afraid to try it again, but recently I took the plunge, and it was perfect -- sweet, spicy, sour, savory, with toothsome noodles that stopped short of being chewy. YUM.
I feel disloyal to Vien Tiane, but this is now my go-to spot for Southeast Asian food in Philly. It's also BYO, and the servers are really nice!In the ghetto, overpriced, ordinary.  It's so weird that there is so much cheap asian cuisine in Philly yet when it comes to Thai food it's totally acceptable to overcharge.  It's curry powder and coconut milk for Christ's sake.We were in the mood for Thai last night, but I wanted to try a new place.  We had been ordering from eruwan, but I wasn't a fan.  I'm not into the new place on 15th and south either.  
I fully understand that fried food uses oil and is greasy, but some places (most)really need to ease up...This does NOT apply to circles!  Your food is amazingly well balanced, and perfectly spiced for any taste(my guy loves food NUCLEAR SPICY,and I offer mine very mild to medium).
I we had the drunken noodles/ chicken, the basil fried rice/chicken, and my beau had the cheesesteak egg rolls(I'm watching my weight, because I can't go to the gym for a bit).  Everything was fantastic, and the portions were awesome!
Best Thai food I may have ever had.  Can't wait to order again.  Thanks for a wonderful meal!
P.S...the delivery boy was adorable!CIRCLES IS BACK!  
so full disclosure... when i was preparing for my taxes this year i had all my debit/credit charges in an excel spread sheet and i hit the alphabetical sort function, i then added up the charges to circles (both locations) and realized that i've spent almost $1,000 there this year.  yeah so it seems that i have a real problem.  now - note that most of the times the delivery has been shared and so i should really cut that in half.  BUT this reflective accounting has made me realize how much i rely on circles for my day to day nourishment.  
I order delivery from them about once a week, and i usually always order the same thing:  pad kaprow with tofu and then i am that annoying vegan who always says - "no fish sauce, you sure there's no fish sauce, i'm allergic to fish" (blah blah blah) The staff knows what it means to be vegan and they go out of their way to veganize dishes. 
pro tip - they also have seitan if thats what you're looking for.
there was a time when they would be late delivering, or the portions would be tiny, or they would forget the brown rice - but lately that hasn't been an issue.  they have been back on track and it has not gone unnoticed.  
check out the facebook deal for 15% online ordering and the also the ONE time i went in to this pt breeze location  for an actual sit down dinner - i thought the place was charming and very welcoming - i had a great time. (ps BYO)
i guess i had been taking circles for granted these last two years.  shame on me.I'm definitely a fan of Circles. The curries, the soups, the summer rolls, the salads. Yum. Yum. Yum. Everyone who was eating with me agrees- this place is great. 
We've gotten the red curry with beef (hot) and it was HOT and delicious as hell (can't imagine what THAI HOT would be like!). We've also gotten the pumpkin curry with chicken and the duck curry- both amazing (esp. the duck!). The summer rolls came in a batch of 3, were giant, and really great, with a nice, dark peanut dipping sauce. The Thai beef salad is also a great app!
They can make it spicier if you seek spice and they can dial it down if you don't want it. The order was easy to place, modify, and pick up was super fast. They deliver and now participate in Level Up, too. 
If you like Thai, def. try Circles and you won't be disappointed. I end up comparing a lot of the curries I eat to Cafe de Laos and this place is right up there with them, but better because it's all ready to pick up and eat in the comfort of your pj's, or if you live close enough, delivered to your door. Even better!
Special Note: You can dine in- there's a restaurant version right next door (and it's actually the kitchen the take-out food is cooked in)! I recommend making a reservation on Sat. night though!Just discovered this place, with a little help from Yelp. The Pad Thai was better than what I had last week at the ultra-trendoid new Chew Man Chu. The Lemon Grass soup was a little bit sweet and very warming. The Papaya Salad a little mushy, but the Spring Rolls were tip top. And the delivery - so fast!  This will be a regular call for me.This review is long over due as I have eaten from Circles for a while now. I love everything they have so far but my favorite is definitely the pad thai! I do not like spicy foods but my girlfriend does so the fact that they can accomodate for both of us is very helpful. She reccomends only getting Thai hot if you can handle really really hot foods. It was surprisingly spicy for her which is something to note. The beef pad thai is the best in the city! I could eat that everyday! The pad see ew is delicious as well with the thick cut noodles and veggies mixed in. For an appetizer we got the thai rolls which again, I could eat everyday. They are big and filling by themselves! The service we recieve for both dine in and takeout is always fast and helpful. This is one of our favorite restaurants in Philadelphia! We both reccomend coming here any day of the week as it will always taste so delicious!!i used to live down the street from circles and would get take-out from time to time.  the food is consistently good, with a bunch of veganizable options (in fact, i think almost all of the vegetarian items can be vegan). my only beef is that i think each menu item costs a dollar or two more than it should, especially "for the neighborhood."
i've eaten in the restaurant twice, and both experiences were A+.  the first time my sister took me out to dinner and we split an appetizer and two entrees.  we were waiting for our food for kind of a while, and our server brought us the wrong appetizer, but he let us have it on the house.  he was super attentive and nice and made our dinner there even better, so when i saw a livingsocial coupon for circles, i bought it.  
although thai food isn't my first choice, the consistency of the food, good service, and proximity to my house will keep me coming in/picking up take-out.I've had Pad Thai and Thai Tea from this location many times. I have tried other Thai places and none of them are as consistent or satisfying. Pad Thai is not the most adventurous but it gives me a good gage of the quality of cooking and now I want to keep trying new things on their menu. It's it a bit pricer than I'm used to paying but I will order again.Circles, I love you so much, I do, you're my favorite Asian fusion of all the Asias that have ever fused. That's why I need to tell you how frustrated I am with the current state of our relationship.  I know that you're too busy for me, and you have many more admirers to pay attention to, but tonight you broke my little hungry heart.
I ordered dinner at 7:15, with a delivery ETA of 45 minutes.  Awesome! My food came right on time (8:05 at the latest) and I ravenously unpacked the goodies.  I even tipped the poor kid $9 for delivering in the cold, because I would never want to trade places.  Lo an behold, the rice that is so critical in sopping up the sweet juices of my curry duck was nowhere to be found!
I called at 8:10, and the lovely young lady on the phone apologized profusely and said she'd send the driver back.  Of course, accidents happen.  I've ruined plenty of orders in my day, so I am a patient girl. I wait, I wait, I wait, I wait. 
At 8:55 I am cranky. No rice. Luke warm duck. I call back.  The lovely young lady is pretty astonished that my rice has not materialized.  More apologies, and she'll dispatch another driver with rice immediately.  Okay.  That is reasonable enough.  I only live a few blocks away, I could be eating by 9:05. 
No. 
9:20, I am hangry. HANGRY.  I have waited over an hour for rice when the meal took 45 minutes! What in baby jesus' name could cause this?  Am I being Punk'd??  Where's Ashton Kutcher??? 
9:24, my rice arrives in the hands of the original delivery guy. My duck is cold.  And I'm past hungry- I just feel empty. Like my wallet. After spending $60 just to wait two hours and twenty minutes for rice. 
I called back, because I was almost on the verge of tears.  The lovely young lady was very kind, said she would take my name and number to have a manager call me back.  Honestly, I'm not really interested in a discount. I just need them to know about the worst delivery service I have ever gotten.  Ever. 
If I had any on hand, I would have made my own damn rice.If the price is lower, I would give it 4 stars.
The first time I went there, Pad Thai was soo good. However, picked up another Pad Thai again last week, and it was just ok.
Shrimp Pad Thai cost me 16 bucks + tax. 
Considering where it is located and the taste, absolutely not worth 16 bucks.Delicious. Will definitely make this a regular place to visit in the neighborhood.awesome food!  its local to me, and i love that there's another great hole in the wall to hit up for dinner.  i dined in at the new space across the street from the take-out place, and it was much nicer than i had expected.  clean, well lit, sorta classy even.  byo, always a plus.  service was good, especially since my dining partner and i got there later in the evening and we hardly realized that we stayed past closing, the workers never made us feel rushed.  will def be coming here again.Maybe the stars were aligned strangely, or maybe I was just really excited to be able to taste things after having a bad headcold for two weeks, but the crab pad thai I ordered from Circles was AWESOME.  The fact that they offer multiple levels of spicyness that are actually spicy is awesome, too.  Their delivery is fast, the food arrives hot and fresh, portions are generous, and it tastes even better the next day.  Definitely my go-to for South Philly Thai.When I walked up to Circles, I wondered why I was eating at a dumpy to-go joint.  But surprise!, they have a pretty nice dining room just across the street.  The food is still cooked at the original spot, and then covered with a plastic tray and carried across the street.
I was out with my friend Cambria, and we both ordered apps and entrees, which was more food than either of us could eat.  The prices for all of that food were quite reasonable.  Her app, the summer rolls, had a light and crispy skin and was much higher quality than normal spring rolls I've had elsewhere.  I ordered the corn and tofu fritters with lump crab dipping sauce, and these were awesome.  It sounds like a weird app, but the somewhat bland fritters provide the perfect accompaniment to the crab sauce.
The place is veg friendly, but neither of us explored these options for dinner.  All of the choices are available in four spice levels; medium, mild, hot, and Thai hot.  I went with hot, and it was manageable and good (which means I wasn't sweating).  Maybe next time I'll bump it to the top level.  
For my main, I opted for the Chicken Pumpkin curry, and it was awesome.  Just the right blend of spices, the pumpkin flavor was subtle, and the dish was enough food for two days.  Cambria ordered a simple pad thai and really enjoyed that choice as well.
Even though the dining room is quite new, it doesn't have too much atmosphere.  The service was okay during dinner.  Nothing much going on in either of these departments.
Bottom Line: It's a bit far for me to be a regular, but the food here is good.  Circles is a solid BYO, Thai place and has great prices.We only did take out from here so I can't speak for the dining room yet.  
Overall I would say the food was decent, with a few highlights.  Big portions but also not cheap either.
We went with the pad thai, the garlic basil fried rice (it has a little kick), the circles fried rice, the vegetable dumplings, and the crab / pork dumplings.  Despite being overprice for dumplings, I think my favorites of the mix were the two dumplings appetizers.
The delivery came within 35 minutes which was nice.  I would probably order from here again if I happen to be in the area.Beef salad awesome....beware their spicy is very very spicy. I had to use sugar to stop the sweats! Order super early as they take forever but worth it....Sorry Circles.  You are only half a block from my house and I just want you to be better.
My gripes: overpriced.  $10 for a lunch special with tiny portions.
The Food:  This is in reference to the takeout.  I ordered Pad Thai--portion was a bit small and the Pad Thai was overly sweet, almost dessert sweet.  I have been to Thailand and pad thai is not supposed to be that sweet.  The Hot and Sour soup was hot and sour, yes, but it was also water and bland.  The tiny spring roll was cripy and good.  A few months ago I ordered the Tom Kha Gai.  Again it was disgustingly sweet.  I actually threw it away.
The Service:  When I went in to get lunch a few weeks ago the guy behind the counter was completely clueless.  The person in line before me ordered a Lunch Special.  There were no specials listed on the menu so I asked, "oh so you have lunch specials?"  He answered yes so I asked to see the menu with the specials.  There isn't one and he proceeded to ramble them off.   Don't you have them written down anywhere?  No.  
So bad service, high prices, and mediocre food.  I won't be going back.  Better to go two more blocks south to Hardena for cheap and delicious Indonesian food served by a lovely family.
Shame on you Chef Boonphaya.  Your Craig le Ban rave was years ago and you are letting your flagship fall apart while opening up new ventures.  Don't offer takeout if you are going to treat it like a red-haired stepchild.i've only had this as delivery and i have to say - circles is my fave thai food in philly.  they make things spicy and deliver on time.  tons of vegan options.Hit up Circles with my dad after a Phils game (thanks Yelp Mobile App) and had a nice dinner.  We were the only people in the place at 9:30 on a Monday night, so service was mellow and good.
Tasty fresh rolls - got the vegetarian version as my dad does not eat meat.  Also ordered the Red curry chicken.  When I asked for "hot" the server asked me, "You want 'hot' or 'Thai hot'?" Well, Thai hot, obviously.  Boy was that some spicy curry.  The kind of hot that starts mellow and finishes like a beast, but leaves you with the desire for more.  My dad had the green curry tofu, also "Thai hot," and we spent the meal eating and sniffing away as it wasn't the kind of heat that made us sweat but definitely cleared out our sinuses!
Dad also ordered a Thai burrito to go for Mom, which he said they enjoyed the next day.
Good meal, the right level of spice for us, and didn't break the bank at all.  Next time I'm nearby , I'll be back for more.Ordered takeout from here recently and delivery was very speedy.  However, the food was actually pretty terrible.
I ordered three different things and everything left me disappointed.  The Pad Thai was probably the best, but that isn't saying much.  Way too heavy on the peanuts in every dish, it actually overpowered things.  
Probably won't be ordering from here again.Terrible experience. 
We arrived at the take-out spot at 8:00PM. There was one person in front of us.
8:05 we completed putting in our order.
8:10 nothing.....
8:15 we receive our thai iced tea (not bad...)
8:20 nothing....
8:30 nothing....
8:40 nothing....
8:45 we finally get our food
It took 40 minutes for them to make summer rolls (no cooking required there) and two Pad Thais. 
Now, onto the food review:
1. The summer rolls were rice paper, lettuce, a piece of shrimp, and bad construction. There was very little if no mint or cilantro in them. They tasted bland.
2. The pad thai was ok, but the portion was pretty small and tasted slightly singed. When I order pad thai from Sawatdee, it's ready within 10 minutes and it's not overcooked. Sawatdee also costs about the same. 
I get takeout when I'm hungry and too exhausted to cook myself. When takeout takes longer than it would take ME to make something, it's bad takeout. 
Never going there again.Amazingly delicious. If you have a craving for thai food, this is your fix. Although it's in the middle of nowhere, it was worth my 90-minute search in the rain (not that I'll ever spend 90-minutes in the rain getting here again, but that time it was rewarding).  I had the Tom Ka Gai soup, spicy and Pad Thai, spicy. It was ****ing spicy. They don't play when it comes to heat.I rarely write reviews despite my constant critiquing of food. I have been looking for great thai food for some time and i have now found it! Circles outranks all of the nicer Thai places in center city, or even chinatown. Their product is always consistent, with great flavor, made to order and never cold upon arrival! The lunch specials served Monday to Saturday for 8.95 are a huge bargain! you get a spring roll, soup, your choice of entree and a dessert - sticky rice with custard. the pad thai is enough for 2, especially if you add extra meat for $1 and add on a salad. the crispy duck salad is out of this world as is the drunken noodles. 
the one complaint i have is that no matter when I have ordered, it takes at least an hour to deliver, or 30 minutes to be ready for pickup, which is slow compared to the typical asian/chinese takeout places. Although its always worth the wait, i have learned to order before i get hungry so that when i'm ready to eat, it's here and ready when I am.Get the pumpkin curry! Just do it. I had it on Friday night and haven't stopped thinking about it since. 
Best Thai I've had in a long time....I had another great meal from Circles tonight, but I did not have to drive there.  We ordered through a living social promotional and had the food delivered. The food we ordered was excellent. We had appetizers including satay and corn fritters. The corn fritters were some of the best things I have ever eaten. We also had some salads that were very special; the flavors were unique, yet clearly Asian in origin.  For our  entree, we had the burrito, and both of us felt it was one of the best burritos we have ever had.
I was very happy with the delivery service. The driver quickly dropped off the food and headed out.  It made it convenient for us on this rainy night to have a special meal without the hassle.   I will keep going back to this place!Circles is delicious, but their prices have gotten out of control. I have been a loyal customer for years now, but I don't think I can afford to order from them anymore. I rarely can get dinner for under $20 (app and an entree) which is insane for Thai takeout. Their summer rolls alone are $7, but if you want one of the (required) options its an extra $1. $8 for two summer rolls!! Their red curry is $13 base and if you want tofu or chicken its an extra $2. God forbid you want to add shrimp! 
It's Thai takeout. It shouldn't cost more than a meal at Barbuzzo.Awesome food. Consistently fresh and delicious. The cheesesteak rolls are amazing. Love the pineapple curry and pad thai. the duck salad is also delicious! However, I noticed the portion sizes are smaller. :(This is how I know I was wasted: didn't remember to take food pictures.
Crab rangoon was better than the boring versions I've had elsewhere, since they bothered to curry the cream cheese. Lump crab was overwhelmed by the dairy, but at least the few clumps broke up the texture.
Shrimp summer rolls rolled with whole chives and accompanied by generic peanut sauce, close to standard.
Thai burrito was not particularly appealing to me. There was a healthy amount of spice and the fresh greens dominated. I have no problems with seitan but I definitely felt like I was eating filler.
Next time, I'll be more sober to try pumpkin curry and their variety of duck dishes.Great food and fast delivery! I recommend the basil fried rice, Tom yum gai soup, and the Thai ice tea.The physical restaurant is not a thing anymore. I was kind of horrified after looking on yelp and then walking with my friends to pick up our takeout when I was then at the dingiest little to go corner place ever. I didn't even want to buy a soda there. Then I got my food out and my mind was 100% changed. I had an awesome grilled squid salad and my boyfriend's Pad Ka Prow was so spicy and good. Plenty of food and the prices were not unreasonable in my mind. Fantastic selection of vegan offerings as well.Best delivery Thai food you could ask for in Philly.  Delivery is always in 45mins, and I usually just order online.  We typically order three meals for two of us and maybe that makes us fatty's but two orders are not enough.  I typically get the Pad-see-ew, Pad-Thai, and Red Chicken Curry.  Tell em to make it spicy for a real kick.  For a lazy sunday night meal, this is the best (typically ends up being around $35).Really delicious food, I've had their takeout and delivery service several times. My only complaint is that the portions are smaller than you typically get at other Asian delivery restaurants.The most exciting, encouraging thing was when I opened my container of Pad Kee Mao and was hit right in the face with wok hei. 
I know, I know, I'm speaking Chinese now?  That wouldn't be the term in the Thai language but how else to describe that, "breath of the wok," flavor that can only be imparted through stir-frying in a well seasoned, well sizzling wok? Ahhhh, wok-breath...
The thin slices of chicken were slightly tinged with flecks of wok-y char... the wide noodles too grabbed the taste. It's all the difference in the world! Circles pulled off a very very decent Pad kee Mao. Plenty of my favorite Thai basil throughout...and bell peppers and chiles. 
I appreciate that Circles heeded my semi-desperate pleading to make my dishes, "Thai hot... Really, Thai hot. Extra, extra, OK?" They sent me some extra nam pla on the side (Thai bird chiles + fish sauce), as I had requested.  I like a little explosion here and there of added bright chile heat and pungent salt on those drunken noodles. So ummm...are you picking up that the Pad Kee Mao was enjoyed? It was. 
We also split the pumpkin curry which was a tasty plate. It's really filling; dense and creamy pumpkin chunks are suspended in rich, sweet and spicy, velvety curry. Husband was crazy about this curry. I liked, he loved.  
He is a pumpkin aficionado, I should point out. Loves all matter of squashes and the like. "Is there anything better than a gourd?" he's been known to ask. It just happened again tonight. I've accused him of marrying me for my pumpkin-head. He requested the pumpkin curry with beef and I was surprised at how they somewhat large hunks were pretty tender though very closely approaching dry territory. 
I thought it odd, as I ordered delivery through grubhub, that under each entree selection there is the option for requesting extra meat or vegetables for an extra dollar or two. I realized, during our meal of course, that, "OHhh, it's cause they're light on the meat." Actually I wasn't bothered at all.
But say you and your dining partner are splitting a couple of dishes though-  I could see how this scant meat situation *could* lead to misunderstandings...maybe angry allegations being hurled like, "What in the? Did you seriously gank all the chicken?" 
No, no....there just wasn't that much in there.
I haven't had a great tom yum in forever and that streak continues, sadly. I could bloviate on and on about how, in my opinion, so much of the crucial balance of great Thai food can be analyzed in breaking down a perfect hot bowl of this beautiful, bright lemongrass soup. Hot, sour, salty, sweet; sing it all together now. Alas Circles' tom yum tonight was a murky salt bomb. Nah.
I'm happy that we gave Circles a shot. 100% chance that we'll order delivery from them again. It's good to know that hot Pad Kee Mao can be mine in the night....in less than an hour, even!  Their menu is now living in our special Bad Badtz Maru folder of take-out menus. Welcome to the folder, Circles... Welcome indeed.Even though they got my order slightly wrong (I ordered Pad Kaprow and got either Drunken Noodles or Pad See-ew) it was still a great lunch special.  Plenty of meat and vegetables with well-cooked noodles.  The chicken and rice soup, though mostly broth, was tasty as was the spring roll and the egg custard dessert served over rice -- heck of alot of food for $9.  Even the iced tea I had to order to meet the minimum delivery was good, though I was sure to brush my teeth after that insanely sweet concoction!  
   I wish you could get the lunch special with shrimp/seafood/duck for a little extra -- maybe you can.We came by here the other day and were confused because there was no restaurant. Upon further inspection we saw that they have two buildings: one for the restaurant and one for take out. The take out was so busy! And we were the only two people in the restaurant. It was Tuesday night though. 
All the food was 4-star good. The 5 star thing I had that was delicious were the tofu corn fritters. AMAZING!Frozen vegetables at freshly imported organic vegetable prices. The fried spring rolls could have come out of a box too. Our delivery guy seemed pretty cool, though.This is by far the best Thai food I have ever had. The flavors are nothing short of amazing. My favorite dish is the Pad Kee Mow (drunken noodles). They have the greatest rice noodles and their tofu is the best I have ever had at ANY restaurant. If I could eat Circles a couple times a week... I would.circles has the best pad thai that i have ever had. that being said, the three stars is because their pricing is ridiculous. i am used to paying the same amount for my meals in the tiny takeout place in south philly as i did at their sit-down restaurant in northern liberties, but the taste was better and the portion was bigger. no big deal. now pad thai has gone up at least $2, and it annoys me that I am paying $14 for food that comes out of a place that doesn't even have tables and chairs. i get that they have more restaurants and need to pay the bills, but i can't believe that i pay the same amount as someone sitting down to dinner at one of their nice locations. portions are also now smaller.since moving to Philadelphia i've been searching for a Thai place to fill my cravings and today Yelp pointed me to Circles. I placed an order in store for takeout and my first shock was the price.  Despite my noodle dish description including tofu, i was charged an extra $2 for it.  I definitely didn't intend to spend $25 on lunch but I went with it.  (interestingly, a trio of girls ordered soon after me and had the same issue but they called the girl working the desk out on it, with no resolution. seems like a menu clarification would be helpful....).  i got my food in a reasonable amount of time and headed home to enjoy my crab rangoons, pad woonsen and random side of white rice that showed up in my bag.  The menu in store didn't mention the curry in the rangoons so that was a surprise. not bad, just not what i was craving.  the pad woonsen was spicy as requested (not thai hot but plenty hot enough) and had good flavor.  I would have preferred more veggies for the $13 i paid.  overall the food was good enough but for the price, i will keep hunting for my new regular spot.Yay! Ordered off grubhub and the predicted order time was an hour and 5 minutes, but we got ours delivered in 25. 
I got the Pork Pad Thai and Chicken Coconut Soup (Tom Kha). Both were delicious, and the soup was steaming hot upon arrival.
My bf Massaman Curry with Beef, and he wasn't much of a fan, but I thought it was pretty good.
Four stars to compensate for him not liking his...but if it were just me, I'd give it a five.I discovered this place on grubhub.com about a month ago, and have been hooked ever since. It's definitely one of my favorite delivery places in the area. I'm a big fan of their lunch specials. They consist of a main dish (I prefer the pad thai or massaman  curry), a spring roll with a plum dipping sauce, chicken and rice soup (it's kind of meh), and a daily dessert for about $9. It's so much food that I usually end up eating it for lunch and dinner. I also like to order their thai tea, which comes in a 24oz cup. It's seriously super disgustingly sweet, and I never finish it, but I find myself craving it far too often. This place is definitely worth trying at least once if you live in the area and are craving something other than bad pizza.Circles is an excellent restaurant.  Good portions of great food at a good price. This is the best pad thai I've had ever! I initially started going here because of the deal on LivingSocial and haven't stopped going since. Definitely a place I will be seeing very often.Circles is one of my favorite places to eat with my vegan daughter....  The whole party can find some delicious fresh custom made dish to enjoy!
The last visit, on a very cold night that found the staff scrambling to warm up the place for us, I had Choo Chee Salmon...out of this world!  My daughter had some spicy curry with tofu and left very full and very happy!
I love this place!lWent on a whim one night. Was around this location one night. 
Ordered:
Shrimp pad thai. 
Chicken with green curry
Beef salad
-The pad thai was a little too sweet
-The curry was a little too creamy and bland
-The need salad was good. Nothing to rant about. 
The bill was a bit in the high side given the fact that this place is situated on the border. 
Gentrification is in the process. They still have their bullet proof window up.I've been craving pad Thai so I searched for places around me and read reviews. I see the same reviews all the time half good/half bad. So I decided to order takeout from circles in south philly. I don't know if it's because I'm so hungry but this was the most delicious pad Thai I have ever had. I asked for medium spice and it is honestly Perfect. It is a bit over priced for how little you get ($14 all together for chicken pad thai pictured) but it's delicious. Just wish I had more!Circles is awesome! They're quick, friendly, delicious, and reasonably priced! One of the best thai places I've come across in Philly. Pad thai is amazing, and (if its in season) try their pumpkin curry; extremely unique delicious curry dish with just the right combo of sweet & spicy!It is currently 22 degrees outside. 
The delivery guy road his bike to my house in the freezing cold and somehow my food was still hot. It makes me embarrassed to say that I ordered delivery because I was too cold to go anywhere myself.
Oh, and I still think the Pad Thai is amazing. And there are enough left overs for at least two more meals...probably three.Loved their pumpkin curry and their pad thai. The pumpkin curry was very flavorful as was the pad thai.
My only gripe is that they didn't give that much meat, and their "medium" spicy wasn't really spicy at all. I'll have to try "hot" next time.I've had a lot of Thai takeout in the area, and short of going to a sit-down place like Tamarind, this is pretty good.  They have lots of vegetarian options, and I especially love their pumpkin curry....SO good.  The lemongrass soup was a little too sour for my liking, but everything else was delicious.
Overall, definitely try it if you're thinking of doing delivery.First Yelp review ever... This place was THAT good. After having great Thai food in other cities, my husband and I were lamenting the lack of options here in Philly with other foodie friends. They recommended we try Circles & now its our lazy Sunday go to for delivery. 
We had the pumpkin curry medium & it blew our socks off. The pumpkin added a great flavor & the curry was spicy (crazy spicy for "medium, actually). The pad thai with Shrimp was amazing - the additional fresh veggies gave the dish a great crunch & the Shrimp were plentiful/huge! 
Ordering again tonight...Mmmm.MY FAVORITE. Literally--you can never go wrong here. The food is spectacular at this price point, and although you may not think the ambiance is the best-thing-ever, the food way more than makes up for it. Pumpkin curry, special curries, rolls, soups, all of it-- just. Great.Great use of spice, spicy with good sour flavor.  Rice noodles not stuck together, light and tasty. Sticky rice good even on second day, donuts are nice and not doughy.Jesus Christ they're expensive! $18 for take-out curry??? It's good, but not THAT good. We're in the byo capital of the world. They have one-of-a-kind entrees all over the city for that much that aren't churned out from a factory kitchen.Great Tom Kha. Curries are weird colors. The green is brown and the red is orange creamsicle. Overall a million times better than the other slow Thai delivery option here, which is double the price and somewhat closer to being bad.Best Thai in Philly and great delivery. They have never made an order error and the food always arrives hot and delicious. Fantastic massaman and green curry. Pad Thai is great too.This is the best Thai food in the city. It's always consistent and they have lots of vegetarian and vegan options. The salmon pad Thai is solid as are all the curries. I have had a few apps including the veg Philly cheesesteak spring rolls, definitely worth a try. Delivery is usually pretty reasonable 30-45 minutes, and always arrives hot.Dude?
Freakin' listen to me when I tell you that Circles is the best Thai food I've had in Philly. It's true.
Not only that, but the people who work at Circles are the nicest, friendliest people you'd want feeding you Thai food. It's true.
And another thing. The lunch specials are an absolute deal. True.
They gots the Vegan dishes too. It's all true.
The only thing that would be better is if I could watch Tears of the Black Tiger every time I ate food from here. So true.
Dude?At first, when I was told that some of the best Thai food in the city was located at 15th & Tasker, I was a little bit wary. However, the quaint little corner restaurant drew me in. Deciding to Yelp the place before going for the first time, it was also nice to see the $10 for $20 worth of food coupon on Yelp's site! So, I ordered the General Thai Chicken & the Crab Rangoon, and it was definitely enough food, so much so that I had lunch for the next day. My friend ordered the Drunken Noodles, which I tried some of, and they were amazing as well. Circles is definitely my go-to Thai place in Philadelphia.First off, ordered from Grubhub, delivery estimate gives me ~hour and a half until its here... WHAT! CRAZINESS..... I call to confirm this estimate, only to be greeted with a sarcastic tone and redundant banter about "well, we are running about 45min to an our right now..."  Right off the bat, unimpressed.... Lets hope the food makes up for poor phone manners.Delivery Pizza? Pshh.... been there, done that. 
Delivery Thai? Hell freaking YES!
My roommate and I ordered Pad Thai and Beef Panang Curry (fave!!), which is what we normally would order at Thai restaurants. It serves as a standard comparison to decide if we'd be coming back. Circles passed with flying colors! The Pad Thai was really good and a lot better and cheaper than some of the places I've tried in Center City. Lots of flavor, good portion size, and was $8.95 I believe. The curry was also quite tasty. I love it when you can really taste all the spices and basil and this was really good. The beef was served in cubes rather than thin slices like I'm used to, but it was so deliciously tender. mMmM! It also came with bell peppers. My two gripes about the curry is that it was a little too liquidy and I like some thickness to my curry. Secondly, to compensate for the high liquid:solid ratio, they threw in a bunch of frozen peas and carrots which just sat at the bottom of the curry. Regardless, I will definitely will be ordering again :) 
Great meal for not wanting to leave the house and not wanting to cook. Oh, and delivery is free if your order is over $10.I'm sitting and waiting for my food.  It has now been one and a Half hours.   This place is really blowing it.  Used to be the best.   As soon as I have any other Thai as good I have to ditch you circles.     Pull it together. 
Why are you screwing up so bad?   Listen to your reviewers and figure it out.  
I really really hope the order is right as the last two times something has been wrongLove this place - my go-to for Thai delivery. Not as fancy an atmosphere as the NoLibs location for eat-in but that's an option too. Authentic flavors with some non-traditional options like tofu corn fritters (SO GOOD!) and Philly cheesesteak spring rolls. Pad Thai is fantastic, curries are very tasty, and I finally tried the Pad See Ew which may be my new favorite. Crab Rangoon has curry powder which doesn't work for me, but the coconut milk soup is excellent. Spice levels are authentic so don't order above mild unless you love spicy food. Medium is as high as I go. Lots of good veggie options.Been searching around Philadelphia for an authentic Thai restaurant, and this is THE one so far!
Tried to make it more authentic by stopping and picking up a six pack of Singha. Thankfully it's a BYOB, and sat down at 6:45. 
Dining room was quiet, music playing was good and waitress was very friendly. 
Started off with Lemongrass Soup, mild spice. Knowing lemongrass soup is already spicy enough and will make you sweat, additional heat wasn't needed. Very flavorful with added mushrooms and onions. Only complaint here was they could have used better mushrooms. Oyster, shiitake, or cremini. Nevertheless, still very good. 
Next we had a calamari salad, hot heat,, served over a bed of iceberg lettuce. This was awesome. Not as hot as I thought it would be but the left over dressing was GREAT for dipping our Thai Pork Rolls. 
The rolls originally came with duck sauce and traditional Thai peanut sauce.  The rolls were crispy and looked to be hand made, lightly fried. 
Also ordered was the Pumpkin Curry with Chicken and the Crispy Snapper with white rice. Thumbs up on both. 
Also ordered the Garlic & Basil fried rice but took that to go. Amazing dish to have as left overs!  I'm sure it would have been better eating it at the table. 
Overall, if you like Thai, it's a must. We'll be back.Great atmosphere inside. For appetizer, Thai rolls were delicious. For dinner entree, duck curry tasted great. For dessert, you cannot pass up the fried bananas. Also, the portions are very generous for the price.
It's not in the greatest neighborhood, but it's a treat if you can get to it.best thai in philadelphia for sure. However i'll give a 4 star instead of a 5 star because the waitress we had was awful. She kept rushing everyone, very inpatient, rude, did not know how to properly wait a table such as taking plates off the tables, we basically had to keep handing her all the plates to take away instead of her coming around to take the plates herself. There was only two other tables, so it was not busy at all.Stuuuuupendous! We got the recommendation from a fellow Newbold neighbor. He mentioned it would "change my life" and damnit, was he right. He recommended the fried tofu appetizer and the pumpkin curry tofu, so we went for it. 
The fried tofu, unfortunately, was not what I was expecting because it was deep fried and battered tofu. Now, don't get me wrong I LOVE fried tofu, but not particularly much of anything that is deep fried and battered. But I won't hold it against them because I didn't know.
The pumpkin curry tofu was out of this world!! They give you a choice of mild, medium, or hot, so we played it safe and got the medium. It wasn't that hot so we'll probably go hotter next time. Anywho, it had large chunks of just regular fried tofu (just the way I like it!) fresh basil, red and green peppers and yes, pumpkin! I've never actually eaten cooked pumpkin before but it was cut up similarly as to how you would cut up a cantaloupe. It even had small green edges and every time I bit into it, I expected a hard, undercooked piece just as though I was eating an unripe cantaloupe. But NO! It was sooo soft that it melted in my mouth and was so sweet. Oh my goodness, I can't stop raving about it. 
The fried tofu app was about $2-3 and the pumpkin tofu was about $11-12, so between my boyfriend and I, I think our total was $16 with tax and everything. $8 a person is not that bad these days for a solid and very local meal such the one we devoured from Circles!I love this place. They're just so damn good every time. I just had medium spicy-level Pad Thai with tofu and it was perfect. The crab rangoons, too, I pretty much always have to order them.I had to try Circles after kathleen d. started the Thai food discussion on the message board.  I've been to Thailand so I have some pretty high expectations.  
If I could I think I would give 3.5 stars.  I ordered a few things so that I would have the leftovers for a few days: crab rangoon, chicken pad thai, and pad se ew.  I love crab rangoon although its not really a legit Thai dish, Circles has a curry crab rangoon.  It wasn't what I expected, but it was quite tasty.  The pad thai was really good, and it had plenty of chicken.  It's a pretty big portion and it also had lots of peanuts.  The pad se ew disappointed me.  There were too many vegetables, and not enough noodles.  The sauce was quite tasty, but it was also really spicy.  I said I wanted the pad thai spicy and so I guess they made the pad se ew spicy as well, but I like to keep my pad se ew pretty basic.  I'll have to try it again and ask for mild just on that specific dish.  
I ordered take out which was relatively painless, it was a little tough to find a parking spot.  Everything was still hot by the time I got it home, and they did ask on the phone how spicy I wanted the pad thai.  Their dishes are about $2 cheaper than Erawan and Smile which is good because I think they are overpriced, and I think this food was better quality.
All in all definitely good, but still doesn't rival my favorite Chicago Thai restaurant.By far my favorite thai food in the city!! 
Their curries are to diiiiieeee for!
They're packed with flavor and pure coconut milk, none of that diluted, thinned out, lack-luster curry you get at most other thai restaurants in the city.
Listed from my favorite down: PUMPKIN CURRY (salivating as i think about it), green curry (two words: thai eggplant) and the panang (but don't love the veggies in this one).
I have multiple fans of the Curry Duck in my life as well, though can't attest to that one.
Another favorite: vegetable dumplings, they are stuffed to the brim with leeks and wrapped in this thin layer of indescribable, semi-gooey in the most delicious way, soft dough : more leek, less dough, that's how I like it! I could go on about the papaya salad too but I'm getting way too hungry (as I wait for my bi-weekly delivery). The only thing I wouldn't give 5 stars are the noodle dishes,  but that's b/c the take-out factor always ruins thai noodle dishes...I'd give the pad see ew noodles 4 stars and they're my favorite. Word to the spice addicts: order anything/everything 'thai hot' and they will deliver....perfectly extra hot without diminishing the other flavors!Ordered delivery from Circles last night and I agree that the prices are definitely higher than I'm used to and the portions of noodle dishes smaller.  That being said, everything was delicious.  
- Pad Thai 
- Pad Woonsen
- Coconut  Milk Soup
- Crab and Pork Dumplings
The spice level was correct, delivery was timely, and really very scrumptious.  I still think you get more bang for your buck at other places, but I would definitely still come here for a BYOB or takeout option.
Oh yeah, despite being a mile away there was a $4.00 delivery charge AND $20.00 minimum.  All in, this meal was 40 bucks- not exactly the cheapest option to eat on your couch.Gross, gross, gross.
I went here recently with a couple of friends to grab some takeout. I think the reason why the reviews here are so high is because a lot of these reviewers haven't actually seen the restaurant.
It's absolutely filthy in there. The walls were dingy. I saw roaches running around inside.
Sadly, that's not the only thing terribly wrong with Circles. The girl at the counter was rude as hell and had no idea what was on the menu. I waited 20 minutes to get a tofu salad, and I ended up paying $8 for a couple of cubes of bland tofu atop a pile of disgustingly bitter dandelion greens soaked in about three cups of a vinegary dressing. My friends fared worse. They got tofu pad thai and pineapple fried rice, nothing especially time-consuming to cook. However, it took an hour for them to get their food without an update or an apology. I'm pretty sure the counter girl didn't put their order in for 20 minutes or so because I heard her arguing with the kitchen staff over it. Whatever. I'm done ordering from there.The coconut milk soup and crab fried rice are my favorite dishes! The summer rolls are good, but too heavy on the lettuce. I would like to see more basil inside them. The spring rolls are delicious and crispy! This is my favorite place to get delivery from in South Philly.I ordered delivery on a Saturday night.  It took over an hour, but came a little quicker than what was stated.  I got the pad see ew and the tofu corn fritters.  Those fritters are pretty awesome, but very heavy.  My pad see ew was very disappointing hence the review update.  I don't know if they changed the recipe or if I got the wrong thing, but the sauce was very sweet and peanuty, not the light soy based sauce I expect.  Also, the noodles had no char on them, which is one of my favorite things about the dish.  I asked for a little spice but they were totally mild.  I had really been craving Thai food, but was left very unsatisfied.  I hope it was a fluke.I've been ordering from Circles for a year, and pretty much accepted that delivery (5 blocks) takes an hour or just under, because the food is good.  But tonight I received the wrong order, and it took an hour from the time I called to let them know about the mix-up until I received the correct order.  I had to call once to check up on my order, since they told me I'd have my replacement quickly.  In all it took over an hour and 45 minutes from my original order until I had the right food, and they didn't do anything to make up for the error--I even asked if I could keep the dessert that was in the first delivery and was told I could not.  I won't be ordering from them again with this kind of service.Circles is a weekend tradition of mine. There's nothing better on a (maybe hungover) Saturday afternoon than hitting up GrubHub and ordering an appetizer smorgasbord and rice or noodle lunch special from this place. I highly recommend the Curried Crab Rangoon, the Cheesesteak Spring Rolls, Calamari, and Tofu Corn Fritters. For a main dish, I like the Thai Burrito, the Cashew Stir-Fry, and Pad See Ew, Pad Bamee, and Circles Fried Rice. The prices are a little high, but the food is so good, I do feel the prices are justified. And, honestly, I'm not crazy about spending $50 on lunch for 2, but the price hasn't stopped me from craving Circles throughout the week, and indulging most weekends!With the caveat that Thai in Philadelphia never blows me away, I am consistently happy with the fast, reliable, and reasonably priced take-out from this place.  The portions are generous and the food tastes home-made.  I recommend the free delivery via GrubHub (we picked it up once and were a little frightened by the hole-in-wall decor).Philadelphia has no good Thai food.  We have tried Erawan, Tamarind, Pad Thai (on South), and Aqua.  It makes me so sad to say this, but after trying Circles, I may have to throw in the towel.  The meal was okay, and I was very impressed by the biking delivery guy, but the food itself was unremarkable and a bit greasy.  I have had amazingly good Thai food in other cities (US Thai Cafe in Denver), and am frustrated by the bland, greasy, and generally disappointing nature of the options here.  Is there something better out there, or should I stick with the many other amazing options Philly has to offer, and head back to Denver to get my Thai fix?Holy. Wow. I mean, I'm in SHOCK that it has taken me this long to try Circles despite every other person in South Philly RAVING about it. This place...it's just so freakin' amazing and delicious and awesome and perfect. 
My lady and I ordered delivery via GrubHub (that in and of itself is awesome) and chose to split one of their $9.95 lunch specials (pad kee mow) and an order of vegan leek dumplings. I was mildly concerned that it wouldn't be enough for two growing ladies but let me assure you, I was proven beyond wrong. 
The lunch special is pretty legit. I mean yeah, it's pricier than most Asian delivery joints but Circles isn't your typical restaurant. The pad kee mow was super good, although I would've preferred more garlic chili sauce, and didn't taste overly greasy at all. We added tofu to it and it came with plenty, along with a decent amount of vegetables that weren't overly cooked. With the lunch special you also get a soup (mine was some coconut milk with mushroom and tofu soup that was deliciously sweet yet tangy), a spring roll, and their daily dessert. The spring roll, which was vegetarian, left something to be desired because it was over-cooked. We must've lucked out with the dessert though because we got mango sticky rice. My love for mango sticky rice cannot be expressed in words and let me tell you, they definitely delivered and kept my love afloat. For $9.95? Not bad at all and fed two hungry girls well. The vegan vegetable dumplings were delicious as well, although the dumpling itself was kind of sticky and mushy. Whatever though because the flavor ruled and the sauce was tangy and delicious. 
They also have a legit restaurant right across the street from the original place that is BYO that is on the top of my list to check out. 
In short? This is place is absolutely incredible and very much deserving of the hype.This place is by far our favorite Thai place in the city.  We usually come here every so often to dine in or take out.  The neighborhood is kinda sketchy - this place is tucked away in South Philly.  The place is BYOB and has two locations - one for dining in and the other for dining out.  Ultimately all the food comes from the take out (which is a weird set up - they cover up your meal when it rains).  
Our go to is the Tom yum soup, either Thai beef salad/papaya salad, or crab Rangoon as an appetizer.  The tom yum is solid.  The Thai beef salad can be made with different levels of heat.  
They have mild, medium, hot and Thai hot.  Normally, most places hot is like a medium.  I don't go past hot and at this point I'm getting the water and tissues ready to blow my runny nose.  
You can't go wrong with either the pad Thai or pad see ew.  Again, you can order at various levels of heat.  I start slow (medium/mild on the apps) and then work my taste buds to the hot heat.  The flavors are bold (can be salty), but is very deliciousFinally, after nearly 4 years of living in South Philly I discovered the city's best massaman curry, and only a few blocks away. Delivery took half the time they said, prices are reasonable and the potato corn fritter was spectacular. Plan to make this place part of my regular orderingThe food was good, but the service on the day I went there to eat definitely left something to be desired. The kitchen was apparently having some problems, and there were only maybe two servers and maybe a busser for the whole place (it's not a large restaurant, but it's not tiny either). 
Hopefully, this was just an off-night for them! It was a good thing I was there to catch up with a friend and didn't particularly mind that it all took a while to come out.
Definitely get the crab rangoon. Cashew stir fry was good, but was not spicy at all even though I asked for it to be made that way.i've been on a thai kick and bought food from here twice this week. my first meal was pad thai with beef and tom kha with shrimp. i ordered the pad thai with medium spice and the soup with mild. the pad thai had a major kick - definitely seemed spicier than medium and had more peanut flavor than other pad thai i've eaten in the past. circles' version of tom kha has to be the best i've eaten. my order came out to be ~20usd, and i got two meals out of this quantity of food.
my second meal of the week was mildly spiced red curry with beef and mildly-spiced tom kha with chicken. the tom kha was, again, spot on. the red curry was very tasty with the right combination of peppers, bamboo, and beef. the curry came with about two servings of rice. i was able to make two full meals out the soup and curry and had leftover curry for a third meal. the total cost was about 20usd.
nota bene for gluten-free diners. i contacted the restaurant through their website and, within a day, got the following response from john b: "we do in fact offer gluten free and wheat free items! our curries, soups, and salads are gluten free. if you're ever in doubt with any of the menu items feel free to ask our wait staff, they should be able to direct you to the items that are safe for your consumption."I'm done with Circles.  In the last year or so, these prices have gotten out of control.  And I'm not one to complain about prices, but you have to be freaking kidding me on this.
My husband and I have been loyal customers since day one.  We would routinely order the same order- tofu pad thai, tofu drunken noodles, and crispy tofu and it would be about $22-23.   On my most recent delivery order for myself, I ordered the tofu drunken noodles and crispy tofu and that alone was over $20??  Wtf!
First of all, the noodle dish has jumped from $9 to $12 in the last year or so.  I know the economy is bad, but seriously?  A 30% increase?  The crispy tofu (which I have to say isn't so good now that massively deep fry it) is $5, which is two bucks more than before.  Really, did the price of tofu really go up 70% in the last year?  Give me a break...  
And to add insult to injury, although I'm a few short blocks away, they charged me a $2 zone fee.  The website clearly says free delivery with orders over $15.  So what gives?  I feel bad but I gave the guy exact change and told him that its because they obviously charged me a delivery fee when it is not posted on their website.   Oh and the price they charged me for my dish ($12) does not match what it says on the menu ($10 +$1 for the tofu).  It may only be a buck, but it just lost Circles a customer.
OK rant over.  I recommended Circles to dozens of people over the years but I'm done with them.  Anyone have a better Thai place that delivers to East Passyunk?After moving to Philadelphia last year I have been in search of great Thai food. I finally decided to try Circles. I read reviews about the terrible delivery service/time, but I thought everyone was overreacting. I ordered from grubhub and received a text immediately after saying that my food would be delivered 1.5 hours later-- ok, I usually have to wait like 45 mins- 1 hour for delivery. However, once it exceeded the promised time, we decided to call to see where our food was. The woman told us that it wouldn't be delivered for another half hour so I requested to be refunded. Circles contacted grubhub and they provided my refund (of almost $50). However, the woman also told us that if the food still arrived, to just have a free meal on them (which I thought was nice). 45 minutes later... we received our food, and while it wasn't the best Thai food I've ever had, it certainly wasn't the worst. If we ever decide to eat Circles again, we definitely will not be ordering delivery!Different people have different definitions of what it means to be "spicy." Sometimes you can order "mind-blasting gastrocide death wings" that hold less heat than a loveless marriage. Because of subjectivity like this, I have my own standard of preferred spice, that which qualifies as "embarrassing to eat in public." This doesn't mean just a little sweating or some running of the nose, this means that, even alone, you'll feel a little self-conscious about your own physical response.
That said, here's what you need to know about Circles:
- Their Thai hot option is SPICY. I'm talking head pounding, tongue numbing goodness.
- As a result, it is also incredibly salty. This is a turn off.
- The red curry is superior to the pumpkin curry.
- The tom kha soup is ridiculously sour.
- There are TWO locations, right across the street from each other. One is the actual restaurant. The other run down shack is for carry out. Regardless of where you are sitting, all the food comes from the latter.
- THEY DELIVER!!!...but depending on where you live, delivery fees can be high and it can take a while.
Circles does not serve the most authentic Thai food (though really, who does), but it is certainly a place I crave from time to time when I feel like crying while eating.I've fallen out of love. Every time we order it's never as good as I hope it will be. The chicken is usually dry in the pad thai. Their other noodle dishes aren't great. The chicken satay is still good, though.
Our last order, placed via GrubHub, included an option to make our pad thai spicy. I said hey, yeah, that could be good. What we got was so full of red dried chili peppers that it tasted bitter. It was not enjoyable at all.
Spice 28 is our new Thai/Asian Fusion jam. It's way better. They don't deliver but I'm willing to schlep up there to pick it up. That speaks volumes. Besides, Circles delivery always took an hour anyways.More expensive than a lot of places in the city but also one of the tastier ones. The only complaint I have is that the portions from order to order can vary a lot. I recently ordered a seared margaret duck breast salad, which normally comes with a decent sized breast, and this time it was mostly skin with bits of meat here and there. With the correct portion of meat, it's worth it, but if this is gonna keep happening, then it's DEFINITELY not worth it. I didn't pay $11 for half a tomato, onions, and lettuce.The worst customer service EVER! Extremely late with deliveries, and they don't fix orders they screw up. Their food is not good enough for the bsI ordered delivery from CIrcles early on a Sunday afternoon.  After taking my order, the restaurant told me the food would be at my apartment in 45 minutes.
After an hour and ten minutes, I called back and asked what the estimated delivery time was.  I was told that the food had left 10 minutes prior so should be at my apartment soon.  It did not.
After another twenty minutes I called back -- now the food had not showed up for *over an hour and a half*.  I thought Circles might be apologetic; instead, they told me they were busy and there was nothing they could do.
Dear Circles: if it takes you over an hour to get 3 items out of your kitchen at 3:30 pm on a Sunday, you are in the wrong business.
To make matters worse, the food that showed up was greasy, and the chicken was overcooked.
Delivery fail.You're in for a treat today folks, this will be a short, yet sweet review! My husband and I had quite a large brunch at the Mercer Cafe before a Sunday Matinee at the Academy of Music and decided to stop by Circles after the play for appetizers only.
Circles is actually a combination of two different buildings across the street from each other. One is for take out and delivery and the other is for sit down dining with servers. However the kitchen for the sit down dining is still across the street at the take out store. Yes, it was a bit confusing, especially watching the waiter continually run in and out the side door to pick up food to bring into the restaurant.
There was only one waiter on, but they do a great business and the owner/manager? Quickly jumped in the pick up the speed of service, which was cool, especially with no tables left to seat and many were sitting around cluttered with dirty dishes during our entire time spent there.
Michael and I shared the shrimp summer rolls, the vegetable spring rolls, the pan fried pork and crab dumplings and the curry crab Rangoon. All of the portions were beyond generous, everything was fresh and amazing and their sauces which accompanied each appetizer was liquid heaven. We ended up bringing a lot of it home and their prices for the portions you receive makes one wonder how they make a profit.
I was very impressed by what we tasted and was sorry that we had such a large brunch as the beautiful dishes that were being served to the surrounding tables made me jealous, especially the curry dishes which perfumed the air as they passed by. Next time and there will be a next time, I will walk in very hungry!Tom Kha Soup - if I could marry this soup, I would.
Tofu Corn Fritters - I wish I could swim in the jumbo lump crabmeat tomato compote!
Pumpkin Curry - a delicious pumpkin party in the mouth!
Circles, I love you.Divey area, but best damn Thai food I've ever had!consistently awesome.  i could live off the masaman curry and bath in the crab rangoon.  thai beef salad=bomb.  delivery is primo as is the eat in.Did I go on a bad night?  Waitress bored on their phone. Sorry we kept you working tonight. Curry crab Rangoon with plum sauce is my fave. The duck plate was good. My hubbie liked the crispy calamari with fish sauce.Inconsistent. The last two times I got tofu pad thai (no egg, no fish sauce), it tasted funny. I couldn't put my finger on it. A friend kindly tried it and described it as "burnt and bland." Oh well.I'm not sure if saying that Circles is the best Thai place in town is damning the place with faint praise or not, but it's the only Thai place in town where I'll eat. When you ask for something spicy, it actually comes out of the kitchen with a little kick to it. Gasp! I only wish it wasn't all the way down on Tasker. If you go to the takeout location, don't be fooled by the bulletproof glass. This isn't your run-of-the-mill takeout place in the 'hood. I ate once at the new sit-down location across the street, as well, and had a pleasant experience.I went with a group of 5 on Saturday. Three of us absolutely love spicy food and didn't think that  there was great Thai in Philadelphia, and we were all pleasantly surprised by how amazing Circles is. We had reservations that we made a few hours earlier. There was no wait and they had a few empty tables. 
The pumpkin curry was insanely delicious! It's probably the best Thai dish I ever had and the people at the table that love spicy food also thought it was amazing and the best dish out of everything we ordered. The Red Curry with Chicken was one of the best curries I ever had. We also had shrimp the summer rolls, calamari and another appetizer that we ordered that we all very good and fresh. My friend's General Thai Chicken dish was delicious and they made it the exact level of spiciness that we asked for. My boyfriend ordered soup that was very spicy and so delicious!
I don't understand what other reviewers were talking about as far the cleanliness of the place. Maybe they recently renovated or cleaned up, but I thought the place was very clean, especially the bathroom.
I felt that the food came out at a perfect pace. We brought a couple bottles of wine and the food came out timely but not too quickly that we felt rushed. And it was later in the night and they were fine with us hanging out for a bit until we finished our wine since no one was waiting for the table. We had no issues at all with the service and it was very good. And they accept level up so I got $3 off the bill and after spending over $100, I now have a $10 credit for a future visit which I will probably do in the next week.
For the price, I think this is one of the best restaurants in the city.Better than any other Thai food I've had in twenty years, including that which is prepared and served by Thai members of our local Buddhist Temple. Whenever there is a festival or holiday pertinent to Buddhism, the  temple has a celebration that includes members preparing authentic foods to sell in support of the temple. The majority of the temple congregation is from Thailand, as are the majority of diners at the celebrations. For Circles to pull off better food is no small feat, but they did it.
I was back east for an extended visit and received an offer from Groupon in my e-mail, so I bought a gift certificate. I chose my nephew and his Japan born wife as my dinner guests, as we met up in Philly. Upon approaching the restaurant in our vehicle, we passed the dining room on the southeast corner, completely missing it but seeing the awning for the take-out counter on the opposite corner. My nephew lives in NYC and considers himself to be urban, but upon first glance he said to me "how much did you pay for that certificate? Can I pay you for us NOT to eat there?"  The neighborhood is South Philly, reminiscent of Rocky's digs in the first film, but it is undergoing revival and attracting young hipsters. Where else would you see a couple swinging a bottle of chardonnay while walking home in an area reminiscent of South Central?
So, I drove around the block once, looking for parking and sizing up the area, and only on the second go around did we spy the dining room.  Something about the sight of table linens and an expresso machine calmed my nephews fears, so we parked and went in to be seated. 
Everything about the food was fabulous and it wasn't the typical Thai restaurant offerings, presentation, or preparation. We shared the tofu corn appetizer and loved it. Of course we had the Thai iced tea- call us prosaic, but there's a reason it's so popular. Entrees were the duck curry, pumpkin curry with chicken, and the drunken noodles with beef.
The presentation of the duck curry was a feast for the eyes. The other two entrees were not quite so adorned but still appetizing upon service. 
 We sampled each other's dishes and all three of us agreed that the food was exceptional. 
For dessert I wanted something more exotic, but relented to the server's opinion and my nephew's desire for the Thai doughnuts. I was expecting insipid fried dough, but they were surprisingly light, tasty, and served with a dipping sauce based in coconut cream. We ate them all, and a single serving was enough for three.
Forgive me if the focus of this review focused more on the neighborhood than the food, but the volumes of previous reviews already had the food covered. I want to assure the white suburbanites from Delaware and other nearby counties that Circles is worth the trip and the neighborhood is stable and safe, not volatile and dangerous.
Get out of your comfort zone if you want to eat well, you won't regret it.Ok, I changed my mind- I LIKE IT.  I got the lunch special last week, it was delicious.  I think it's better as an eat-in place in their new and very clean dining area. Som tum, mild soup, massaman curry, all fresh and great.I have always loved Circles food but haven't had the opportunity to order from them in probably a year.  Well, tonight was my birthday and, having no plans, I decided to get some of my favorite food - Thai rolls and Chicken Pad Kee Mow.  I don't know if they changed cooks but it seems that the recipe they're now using for both items is very different than I remember and, unfortunately, not as good.  They seem to have substituted heat for flavor.  In the past this would have been a five star review, but today the best I can do is 3 stars and I honestly feel that is being quite generous.  I fear it's time to find another Thai restaurant.This was my second time ordering at the Tasker location (I've gotten delivery pretty regularly from the NoLib location in the past) but my first time eating in the Circles Lounge that's right across the street from their small takeout-and-delivery outpost.
The food was just as good as always. I was in a major noodle mood so I ordered the Pad See Ew, which was completely satisfying. We also ordered the summer rolls as an appetizer which were tasty and pretty standard, though nothing out of this world.
The place itself is decent. Pretty sparsely decorated and sort of a weird set up.  (Note on the setup: the kitchen is still next door so they bring all the food from across the street on platters, which doesn't make a big difference but you don't really get the typical restaurant experience.) Also pretty empty for 6:30 on a Friday night. But no complaints about any of that because I really just wanted a low key, air conditioned place to sit and eat my trusty Circles, which is what this place provides.
The food is aways spot at both locations and I will continue to pop into this location whenever I'm in the area.SOOOO GOOD!!
I would eat there everyday if I could! The lunch special is bangin!Circles bypasses the sweet and sour, the fishy and funky poles of Thai cookery and sets the controls for the heat. But unfortunately not with an Ahabic monomania over all varieties of hot, spicy, searing, scorching. No, we get mild, medium, "Thai" hot. Re, Americanized spice. Nothing you've never tasted at any other vaguely Asian restaurant.
And the cooking itself coasts the safe and the pleasant route. So much stir frying, so much deep frying, I'd mistake Circles for the ubiquitous corner Szechuan / Hunan take out. Even the ingredients, so much eggplant (not the Thai variety), so much broccoli, so much green pepper - this is vaguely Asian-esque food riding a tricycle on training wheels.
Case in point - hands down, best item on the menu, the Philly Cheesesteak Springroll. Chunks of ribeye sponged in American, wrapped in light rice paper and crisply fried to a flaky crust. It is the best egg roll not called an egg roll on the menu I may ever have tasted.
Circles' priority lies not in pushing boundaries, or even going remotely close to boundaries, but in building a steady and stable neighborhood clientele seeking a safe meal after a busy day of office work. 
Is this a yuppy Asian take-out joint? Maybe, but maybe Circles is the "new" New China Wok, and "Thai" food will be the new "Chinese" food of the bourgeois. Meh. if so, I don't plan on putting my wok in storage anytime soon.What's going on, Circles?
This used to be my favorite place to order Thai food in Center City area for several years. They failed me a big time about 1.5 yr ago - the order arrived about 2 hours later when I had a really important exam the next day. Instead of taking off the burden of cooking for myself during the busy time, it gave me more stress. They can't tell me to just wait until my dinner arrives at 9oclock at night...... Seriously!
Anyways, my friends ended up ordering from here a couple more times afterwards which were OK...
Just last week, I was craving some Thai food so I decided to give it a try again.  I ordered Tom Yum Soup, Curry Duck and Pad Thai. For the soup, TERRIBLE. Does anybody taste it before packing/serving it? Extra sour with not enough flavor. My friend's been to Thailand several times and he was seriously disappointed. It USED to be better so I was disappointed as well. Pad Thai was decent. A little dry,though. Curry Duck.....it's like $16 and it has one duck leg, vegi and not enough sauce to even submerge the duck half way. The flavor was good but seriously... come on...
I think I might try to eat at the restaurant instead of delivery one day because I still haven't found anywhere to replace my #1 Thai restaurant in Center City....and then I'll finalize the decision of letting Circles go forever.I'm always looking for good delivery places in the city and especially something different from chinese or pizza.  A friend actually turned me on to Circles when she ordered their crab rangoon once not realizing there was curry in it.  I thought they were spicy and fantastic.  
I've ordered several times, always trying something different.  I have to say my go to standby's are the spicy chicken cashew stir fry and the pork pad thai, oh and of course the crab rangoon.  
My husband ordered the chicken satay and said it was alright but that the spring rolls were great.  I haven't tried their curry yet, but it is on the list.Three of us sat down to eat here and were the only people in the restaurant. I got a curry, my friend got pad thai and my other friend got a thai burrito, and we all shared everything and agreed it was all super-delicious. I like really intensely-flavored things, and the tom yum soup definitely was. 
I also liked that the woman who waited on us obviously really liked the restaurant--she gave helpful suggestions and just seemed genuinely enthusiastic and nice. Maybe we just got a good waitress, but it seemed like a pretty small, tight-knit operation.I have never had curry before. The associate was incredibly nice and helped me form my decision to try curry. I had the pineapple curry with chicken and it was absolutely delicious. I will definitely be visiting this place again.Awesome Thai! I loved their pad see ew and they have delicious Thai tea. Affordable too!Delicious.
If you are looking for tasty Thai food, this is the place to go. I've tried both dine-in and delivery. They are the same price except you have to pay tips if you dine in. 
For delivery, I would say it is relatively expensive. However, I'd still say it's acceptable because I can't really find any other places that offer delicious ethnic take-out food.
For the restaurant, the atmosphere is all right. I can tell this is a family operated restaurant and the presence of this restaurant created a sense of community around the area. Over all, food is delicious and if you like Thai food and ethnic food in general, you should give it a try.My friend and I went there last week, as he is moving in about a block and a half away (very convenient).  We got an appetizer of Crab Rangoon, and both thought it was the best crab rangoon we had ever had.  It was slightly spicy, and had curry in it.
Then we both got the Green Curry...we ordered it "Thai Hot".  It was the hottest curry I have ever eaten.  We were both struggling a little bit, but it was still very tasty.
Now, it was not the best curry I have had, as I have had better tasting Curries, but it was very good, and we both wanted VERY SPICY.
The Thai Donuts were really good too...the coconut dipping sauce made them amazing!
I'll definitely be back.I'm on a mission to visit all of the businesses that use LevelUp, a pay-by-cell-phone app. This is stop #2 Circles Thai Restaurant @ 15th & Tasker
August was a great month. So great that when I looked at my bank account, it was a little redder than I wanted. Fortunately, I had bought a coupon from Living Social for $15 to get $30 worth of food from Circles. I've ordered take-out from Circles for a while now and I ate at their restaurant once last month on a girls night out. The food has always been scrumptious. I decided to take a friend to indulge in the coupon glory.
My coupon said to call a number which turned out to be the actual restaurant which was perfect so I could make sure they could accommodate us a half hour later. We arrived famished and immediately ordered some iced Thai coffees and an appetizer of Crab Rangoon. The Crab Rangoon showed up shortly afterwards and we dug in. 
And now for a few points that fall under my category of mysteries:
     1.Is there something in these Crab marvels that strike my taste buds more magnificently than other people or does everyone feel this way? I could eat them for the rest of my life and be content.
     2.Do they need to be deep fried in that shell? I could eat the inside and do without the fried casing and be even contenter.
Best Crab Rangoon I've ever had though.
I ordered their Curry Duck, my friend their Massaman Curry. The food showed up in under 10 minutes and a hush fell over the crowd. We were eating eating. It was tragically delicious and we managed to almost completely clean our plates (minus some stray carrots and rice).
The iced Thai coffees hadn't shown up at this point, but we were satiated and didn't bother to remind our server. He did, however, mention dessert and my friend and I looked at each other and decide to continue the evening of indulgence. We split the sticky rice which is similar to tapioca on a bed of sweet rice that is, as advertised, sticky. It was pretty yum, though I'm not a huge dessert person. 
When it came time to pay, we handed over the $30 coupon and the server promptly returned with a check for $10.89. I gave him my phone to pay the balance with LevelUp and there was a long hesitation. It turns out I was the first person to use the LevelUp service with them. Now 100% of the places that I've been haven't used LevelUp yet. He took the phone and was back within minutes. I then received the confirmation text telling me that my payment had cleared. ($15 coupon + $10.89 - $3 LevelUp Discount =  $22.89 = not too shabby).
Great food, warm atmosphere, and seemless LevelUp transaction.
Rating:
Circle's Restaurant: 5 Gi-Dee-Ups
LevelUp Experience: 5 Gi-Dee-UpsSo today, I ordered the lunch special again. What can I say- everyone else at my office was ordering, I didn't bring lunch, and sometimes I am just lazy and the delivery is convenient. 
I ordered Pad Kaprow with chicken, which is described as "stir fry basil with your choice of meat sauteed with peppers & onions, green beans."
Sounded good- generic "Asian" food. I ordered it with chicken.
What came with the delivery looked like a greasy Philly cheese steak in a takeout container. It was ground (I'm pretty sure pork), greasy, and wholly inedible. 
So I weighed my options. It was $10. I decided that for $5 or less,  I can throw out a lunch and chalk it up to an experience I will not repeat. But when we get into the double digits on a lunch order, I can't do it. So I called back and complained. The owner was reasonable (though clearly exasperated), and agreed to send me a replacement lunch (basically the same lunch but with whole chicken pieces). And it came, and it is edible, and it was faster than she said it would be- only about 20 minutes! 
So- I can't really update my rating to a higher score. My original lunch was nasty, and it is now 3:30pm that I am having lunch, so I am cranky and my Friday night out dinner appetite is spoiled (geesh, I sound spoiled myself, don't I?!). And, they didn't refund me or comp me a future lunch- which frankly, I feel would probably be appropriate, and most other places would do this (I think anyway). But I didn't subtract stars because they did make it up to me. So- be warned. You may have to specify EXACTLY what kind of meat you want in your dish- and if you are Jewish and keep kosher (or are Muslim, or just don't eat pork), BE CAREFUL!! ;-)I'm going to admit that I have never dined in here. But this has been my go-to takeout place for this type of food in Philadelphia. It's fast fairly inexpensive and the quality is really reliable.Close before the time?  18 minutes for delivery, two blocks away on Saturday night. It must be exhausting doing that.pretty good... ordered delivery via grubhub, was craving thai and i wanted to try a new thai spot. this definitely arrived hot and the extra side of rice i ordered was ginormous. they get the 4th star for that! only complaint is that my chicken basil really skimped on the actual chicken... i would think maybe thats typical and i'm used to big portions from places outside of the city though.
will use again if in a pinch.No clue what all the fuss is about. We ordered delivery from Circles after reading the glowing reviews on Yelp. They made three different mistakes in our order, rendering dinner largely inedible (somehow "extra mild" translated into "extra spicy"). The rest of the food was not bad, but not great either and very heavy.You're lucky the delivery guy was such a little sweet heart... he was so cute and saved you guys. You should pay him more.... after waiting 2 hours for my food... if i was one of those children you see on tv with the sad music and the old white guy with the beard asking for 25 cents a day i would be dead
P.S Solid Pad ThaiI had the worst eexperience with this restaurant. I ordered from this restaurant through grub hub for a anniversary delivery for my fiance due to him working so late. I ordered $43 worth of food. After 2 hours or my fiancee waiting for his surprise dinner. It came practically frozen. After contacting grub hub they managed to get me $4 back from this restaurant. Really $4 after spending $43, I will never use this restaurant and will never give reccomendations to this place. After all of this, my fiancee tells me the food is horrible. Thanks Circles, I had a horrible gift for my fiancee because of you.Ordered in from grubhub and the food was outstanding. Delivery took a little longer than I would have liked (over an hour) but it was Saturday evening, so I guess no big deal. This is probably one of the better Thai restaurants I have had in the city. I had Pad Thai and my girlfriend had the Pineapple Curry and we had the Thai rolls for an appetizer. Everything was great. I would highly recommend this place.I've only ordered delivery from this place and it's great, the food is really good (very spicy!) and the delivery is relatively quick!I love Asian food, okay? And between myself, who waitressed at Chinese and Thai restaurants in college and my boyfriend, who studied abroad in Beijing, we eat a lot of it.
A friend met me at Circles this past Friday night for dinner at 7:30. I had heard amazing things via Yelp- that it was South Philly's favorite take-out spot and the establishment had recently opened a dining room. I hopped on the bus with a half-empty bottle of wine (classy, right?) and kept my eyes peeled for Circles.
The place was empty. Strange, I thought, for a Friday night. It didn't scare me though- I knew the food would be good. And boy, was it.
We started with summer rolls. Three fatties stuffed with fresh ingredients and wrapped in perfectly chewy rice paper. Drunken noodles with chicken and panang curry with tofu (ordered "white girl spicy") followed shortly after. They were the BEST drunken noodles I've had in Philadelphia, hands down- chock full of veggies and not too greasy. The panang was also excellent, though I wish they used string beans instead of peas. Note: Apparently they have both fried and soft tofu, which I learned about after the fact- you can specify when you order. 
Suddenly it was 10pm and my friend and I were still finishing our wine. Oops! We were the ONLY customers in the restaurant for two and a half hours. I felt terrible- they could have closed early if we had left shortly after eating. The owner was super friendly and send us home with take-out menus and 15% off coupons.
Go to Circles, now! We gotta keep this place open! If you're lucky enough to live in the Queen Village area, you might find a door hanger flyer with a $10 off voucher. Love those coups.It's gets three stars for the duh attitude.   We called, placed an  order and MENTIONED the YELP AD - didn't get the discount. That was irritating. 
So Food ok - hot, tasty - would order again.  - Wouldn't be my NUMBER 1Circles is one of my favorite places to order from in South Philly.  I've both ordered out (lunch and dinner) and ate in (only dinner).  Circles consistently offers delicious food at a fair price.  Some things you'll need to know:
- I prefer ordering out to eating in- the neighborhood is a bit sketchy, so I don't care to walk over there.  However, if you decide to eat in, the dining room is large and nice, but not too too nice (i.e. you can roll in with tshirts and jeans)
- As any other typical novice Thai food eater, I tend to order pad thai more often than not.  They have a great pad thai, with nice fresh mango and cabbage- yum!  Plus you can choose either chicken, pork, beef, or tofu- all at the same price.  Other dishes I really like are drunken noodles and cashew stirfry.
- Get an appetizer!  My favorites are the fried tofu and cheesesteak spring rolls
- Speaking of the food- there are plenty of vegan and vegetarian options which is awesome--- makes it so much easier if you are ordering for a group with a variety of tastes/diets
- Lunch specials are bangin'-- you get an entree, soup, springroll, and dessert for $9.  It is a really great value--- I usually have the rest of my entree for dinner that night as well!
Overall, I really enjoy Circles-- I'm sure that some die-hard Thai fans may say there are better places in Philly, but they will continue to get my business quite frequently as long as I live in South Philly!I wish this review was for the food itself but unfortunately, even though Circles accepts orders on their website, sends prompt confirmation of the order with commitment of delivery time, and finally processes your payment, it does not guarantee you will receive your order.  After waiting an hour for the promised delivery to come and go, I called in and was told they had not received the order.  Since I wasn't going to wait another hour at this point, we told them to just cancel it.  I followed up with an email letting them know how disappointed we were in the service with no response or acknowledgement yet after several days.  Apparently it requires filing a formal dispute with your bank if you have any hope of getting refunded for an order that was never delivered.  Even though their food is good, it's sure not worth the hassle and the time wasted.  As much as I would like to give them another chance because everyone makes mistakes and I love thai food, you learn a lot about a business by how they handle problems and this headache outweighs their food.Where do I begin?  Circles was a favorite of mine for Thai delivery for the past year and they opened eat-in service in the first half of 2011.  With  the eat-in service, my favorite delivery place is now also my favorite casual  local BYOB!
The stir frys are an excellent balance between protein and vegetable with delicious sauce.  The Pad Thai and Pad See Ew staples are among the best I've had in Philadelphia.  Past these are the more creative, less traditional Thai dishes -- General Thai Chicken is a twist on the Chinese Tso.  The Cheesesteak Rolls are heavy but satisfying.  
This one gets its own paragraph. The Tofu Corn Fritters are absolutely addictive -- the fritters alone are delicious and combined with their "warm curry tomato compote with jumbo lump crabmeat" are an absolute treat.
An ice bucket for your white wine?  Attentive, friendly service where the man responsible for the menu might also be the one bringing your thai iced tea?  Large portions?  Great prices?  Oh, and there was the night where they closed early due to rain-induced low traffic and re-opened for our party of six.  A true new favorite.Very very good dinner. 
I've only ever ordered takeout from Circles, however it has been significantly above average every time. I would highly recommend the Thai Rolls and Pad Thai. I have tried several other dishes as well that we're also great such as the cashew stir fry and vegetable dumplings and they were all winners. 
One of the things that make this restaurant especially appealing is that Circles is way better than the local competition. Locally it is very hard to find good Asian cuisine. 
All in all, I would certainly give this place a try and don't be afraid to try something new on the menu.Circles gets 4.5 stars from me, but I am going to give them the benefit of the doubt and give them a Yelp 5. Their food is fantastic and beautiful. You would never imagine meals like this being served at a restaurant in Newbold five years ago, but Circles is living proof that this neighborhood is changing for the better. Besides the good food, service was excellent and attentive, but not obnoxious. The only negatives when I dined in were that they were out of one of the items on the menu that we had ordered and that food was a little slow coming out of the kitchen. All in all, Circles is well worth your time no matter what part of the city you live in.Best Thai food I've had in Philly!  Never really had Thai cuisine until I moved to San Fran for a little while.  Came back (like everyone from Philly, we always come back,) and have been a fan ever since, trying to find something as food as what I had back on the west coast (same with Mexican, still looking....) 
Anyway, I was going to Penang for a while.  Then Banana Leaf... Both good as well, but finally found Circles.  
The first thing I had was the Pumpkin Curry.  Still my favorite.  Chunks of perfectly moist pumpkin in an amazing coconut curry broth that seriously is one of my favorite "fast" foods.". 
Since then, I've fallen in love with their tofu summer rolls....literally perfectly done (get an extra side of the peanut tamarind sauce; you'll need it, and it's worth the extra dollar.). 
I also order their shrimp and tofu pad thai once a week.  It's that good.
Delivery has never been a problem for me, but I live pretty close.  Usually takes as long as they say. 
Do it.Really good Thai. loved, loved, loved, the coconut soup. Pad See Ew was very good, and our favorite were the Thai springrolls....Going to try the cheesesteak rolls next time. Staff was friendly and courteous. Go to the building with the brown awnings and interior, that is the restaurant.This place has received numerous positive reviews - and I was very excited to try their food. However, my excitement was never realized... after waiting for over an hour for my food to arrive, I was told that it would be at least another twenty minutes for my delivery - because the person who took the order did not realize how far the address was. Grubhub said that they delivered to university city - and they do - up to 34th street. Unfortunately for me - university city does not end at 34th street. So, after waiting for nearly an hour and a half, I did not receive my food.I really want to give Circles more stars but delivery is a big down, 45 minutes and an hour and a half are two different times, especially when you're in the same neighborhood. The shrimp pad Thai is over priced, and after a few times ordering it, the charm is over. Oh by the way, it's been over 1.5 hours now. Talk about being hungry and trying to be patient, not a good combination. So disappointed.This is rapidly becoming our default option for neighborhood Asian takeout. Delicious food, consistent service, great prices. Check it out.Just picked up my order. Thai basil with chicken. The veggies were raw. I just hope the chicken was cook through. Asked for the spice level to be between medium and spicy. Was not spicy at all. Disappointed.I've had the pumpkin curry with tofu and pad see ew and they were fantastic, but the Thai burrito is life.Got delivery from here, it is still super awesome! 
Be sure to specific level of spiciness when you order online or the food will not be spicy at all.Great Food and service, the neighborhood is always going to be up and coming. Park closer to Broad St.Tasty food, large portions, reasonable delivery. One of my favorite Thai restaurants in Philadelphia.Got delivery from here last night.  It took about 45min from when I ordered, they take credit cards, and the food arrived piping hot.
The food is awesome!  The shrimp pad thai was fantastic and they did not skimp out on the shrimp.  The Massaman curry with beef waas perfectly cooked and the beef was so tender.  The basil fried rice with chicken was delciously flavorful.  The vegetable dumplings were also great, but they were different from any sort of Asian dumping I've had before.  They were flat, round, and sort of had a gelatonous texture which I don't think everyone would like, but I loved it nonetheless.   The summer rolls however, I didn't love so I will probably do without that next time.  I can't really put my finger on what was wrong with it, but it just didn't taste as great as the ones I've had elsewhere.  Perhaps it was the addition of chives as opposed to mint, which I've had elsewhere that made it taste off.
For all this food the total was only $48 bucks.  I will definitely be getting more Thai delivery from here in the future.By far the best, most authentic Thai take out in Philadelphia. Super fresh, speedy service, reasonable prices. Delicious! We ordered approx 6 dishes and each was better than the next. Can't wait toThe pumpkin curry is great, albeit a bit spicy. The new restaurant is not to be confused with the take out venue across the street. The take out venue doesn't look worth of the quality of the *very same food*, but the lounge is great. It's never been crowded there and I like the brown rice option. It's a BYOB.Awesome.    Flavorful.   Many veg options.   A hidden quiet jewel.  Summer rolls.   Veg dumplings.   Yellow curry and pineapple curry.    All of it great.I have only ordered take-out from Circles, but I have NEVER been disappointed with them.  I live close by, but I have had them deliver once or twice.  The delivery came within a half an hour, always by a cheerful guy on a bike!  The food is always DELICIOUS and it's warm when it gets to me.  I also make a point to get Circles when I have out of town guests.
They accept credit cards, and they're also available to order from online through grubhub, so it's very easy.  The people working there are very nice and quite helpful.  I LOVE their green curry and hardly ever go without putting in an order of Tom Yum soup.  The pad kee mow is amazing as well, but you usually have to order that early as they run out a lot.
Now that they've opened the dining room, I'm going to have to try that out!1 word:
Massaman Curry and Tofu Corn Fritters
Surprise, it was actually 6 words!
And, guess what - Boom! - both dishes are surprisingly good too!
This is the best Thai food I've found in Philly (which, I know, isn't saying much) and on par (albeit more expensive) than the Thai food I used to eat in New York.
I guess they've worked out whatever delivery issues they were having back in 2010 - I've not had any problems with their speedy delivery.Celebrating a friend's birthday week brought us to Circles & man oh man, was it ever delish!
When you're only in Philly for the weekend & have nothing but cheesesteaks on the brain, the thought of straying out of the comfort-food zone for Thai doesn't come to forefront of mind
But reluctantly we all agreed to head over to Circles & this was after 2 failed attempts at other locations that were closed....fate was smiling down on us!
Talk about 3rd time being the charm!
Best way to describe the food?  Fresh.....like each ingredient had its own standout flavor & combined w/ the others to create a symphony
Started out w/ the Thai Rolls - huge portion!  Lightly crispy crust filled w/ lots of crunchy veggie yumminess & the peanut dipping sauce was an especially good mix
Pad Thai - deemed to be the best my buddy's ever had.....ever.  The duck that she chose to go w/ it?  That was deemed to be a poor pairing choice
Beef Curry deemed to be outstanding - beef was tender & flavorful, veggies were al dente & maintained a lot of flavor
Pumpkin Curry for me!  I asked for it hot as they could make it & it was fantastic.....at first, I was thinking where's the heat but the more I ate, the more the peppers had a chance to work their spicy magic & the afterkick started rushing in.....it was perfection!
Pumpkin was so dense & soft & creamy - the tofu was just a bit chewy (& that's in a very good way).  Made for great texture compliments!
Too full for desserts but we were looking for drinkys (which you won't find here - but you can BYOB)....they kindly guided us to SPTR & it was the perfect nightcap for a wonderful Buddy B-Day!!I like Circles! A great addition to the neighborhood, this place is mindful of vegan diets and they make an effort to mark menu items as such, also noting what can be made vegan with the omission of egg and/or fish sauce. 
The $10 lunch special is awesome, aside from the mystery flan-like dessert. Their pad thai is one of my all-time favorites. But the last delivery we got yielded a papaya salad with fish sauce (though I specified without) AND enough spice to make smoke come out my ears (not mentioned on the menu), so it soured my Circles adoration a bit. They were really nice about sending out a new one, to my liking, so I'll definitely be ordering again. 
Oh! And we checked out their new-ish dining room a few weeks ago. Pros: clean, sparse setting, kind, informed staff, easy seating. Cons: kind of a crappy block, food is made in the adjacent takeout spot, so your dishes actually travel (covered nicely) across a side street. Not necessarily a con, really, just a little strange.Delicious. I've only gotten delivery from here. I love their pad thai, it's pretty much all i've gotten from there other then some dumplings which are yummy as well. The delivery is so fast too! One time I only waited 20 minutes. 
The only thing that makes it  get 4 stars instead of 5 is their portions for the price. It's pretty pricey and the delivered portions are not as much as I normally get from other places.  I can usually get two meals out of one order from other places, but not here.
Beware of the spicy pad thai, I get medium and it's good. Hot is hard to even get through, my friend was having a really hard time enjoying his because it was too hot.SUPERDEAL ALERT:
I've heard so much about this place that when I saw livingsocial was running a deal I had to get it, even though this is kinda far for me. The fact that three of my friends bought the deal and I got it free almost right away was a great sign.  
Then i found out I could get opentable points and I was happy. 
THEN I found out I could check in on yelp (my first checkin!) and get a free dessert and I was ecstatic. 
THE TRIFECTA OF DEALS. This was a glorious day. (And unlike some places, they had no problem allowing me to triple dip).
SURROUNDINGS: Walked from center city which is kindof a longish sketchy walk, but it was gorgeous out so we didn't mind. Probably wouldn't have walked late at night though. It's in kindof a random area, but that's what I love about buying deals-it gets you to go somewhere you haven't gone before!
SERVICE: When we got there (kind early for dinner 6pm) we were the only people there and the waiter greeted us (excitedly) with a "did you make a reservation?!) (us: yes) "we've been expecting you!" This was adorable and made us think this place was going to be super empty, but it ended up filling up later.
The waiter seemed new and a little nervous (he forgot the specials and apologized profusely for not bringing out the bill for a million years) but he was super nice and we were in no rush so it was no big deal.
The service (aside from the late arriving check) was good and fast. Friendly. They bring the food from across the street which is kinda weird, but they cover it and everything so it's still hot and not sketchy.
FOOD!
CRAB RANGOON. Get it.
Also got the Thai beef salad, which was my favorite thing when I went to Thailand and I have been trying to find ever since. This was pretty close, really tender beef and good beef to salad ratio, good dressing too. Tried the Pad Thai and it was good too (and they'll adjust the spice level for you). For our free yelp dessert we got the fried bananas which were AMAZING. 
$$: The bill came and with my $20 off and free dessert it was only $4! Awesome. Even without a deal this place would be worth it. 
VERDICT: Def will be back and have to remember that its BYOB!I loved Circles!  The service perfect and the food delicious!The BEST Thai in Philly that we have had. I love the mango salad and tofu pad Thai. Hubby always gets the duck pad Thai which is the most delicious duck we have had. We went recently and the server we had in the past was not there. The new person was nice but a bit clueless.  Brought appetizers and entrees at same time. The neighborhood is a bit sketchy but we have never encountered a problem. One odd thing is that the kitchen is on one side of the street and the dining room on the other.   BYOBSitting and waiting for food for 2 hours .. Had to call twice for a status on my delivery after they 'lost connection'. Good food but do NOT order delivery. Horrendous service.Great food, good prices, and (fairly) fast delivery. Their pad se euw, pad thai, summer rolls, and curries are delicious. They are also very accommodating in tailoring your order to taste and ingredients -- for instance, they are always willing to substitute tofu for meat even in items that are not advertised as being a vegetarian option. Highly recommended.Takeout:  Awful awful awful awful.  Did I mention awful.  Circles, what the hell happened to you?  I used to crave your drunken noodles, your pad thai, and your coconut soup.  Have you no pride to put this stuff in a box and send it out for delivery?  I know you would never ever put this quality of a dish in front of someone in your restaurant, so why, praytell, do you think it's acceptable to put it in a box and send it over to my house?  No no  no, this is unacceptable--I would say the Manager and Owner need to know--but from the looks of many of these reviews--you already do--and yet you've clearly made no effort at quality control.  Also, it's worth noting that it seems to be prmarily with your takeout orders and with grub hub sometimes.  Pad See EWWWWWWWWWWW.  The noodles were FUBAR--not Drunken--they were falling down the stairs and need to go to rehab noodles, there was so much sauce--cold sauce, did I mention that?  Tasted like you took the rice noodles from 2 nights ago, re-boiled them, scraped some reconstituted sauce of the bottom of some stock pot...and called it a day--and the veggies--basically the cheapest ones you could dig up and they seemed a bit old.  Broccoli rabe is not a good substiute for regularly priced broccoli that should fill up an $11 dish.  thankfully grub hub took care of me, but if you keep playing your cards like this, you are not going to have any loyal fans left.  Or if you don't want to cook takeout--then don't anymore--focus on your front of the house and back of the house business and refine it.  But don't keep sending bad food to people's door's .  Philly is a small town and south philly is a small town.  world travels fast when something is good or bad in this town.  Get it together, Circles.  You seem to be more successful every day, so you should be able to hire the resources and pay your cooks well enough to take pride in what they are putting up on the line.  You've made me very sad tonight, Circles, because I've always liked you--very much.  Did I mention this was the 2nd bad meal from you I've now had in one week?I always know if I am going to like a Thai restaurant based on how they cook their version of Pad See Eww.  That, and the rolls.  Circles Thai's version of the Pad See Eww was wet, sweet, and salty. For some, that may sound appetizing, but for me It wasn't the right mix.  Don't get me wrong, I did eat it all and enjoyed it, but it wasn't the best Pad See Eww I've had (that title belongs to Rice Thai in Atlanta).  
The appetizers and other offerings were solid.  Did it live up to the Hype in Philly Mag- I don't think so.  I actually think that Sawatdee on 15th and South is a much better option and in a nicer location.  
I don't consider Circles in South Philly to be a destination spot (I wouldn't go out of my way for it) nor is it a place I would take my 3 year old at night (parking is scarce and the area is sketchy).  
And the fact that the kitchen is located across the street is confusing to a new comer.  When you approach the address, you notice two restaurants with the same name across from each other. "Where do I go?" you ask yourself.  Then, you realize that you eat at the nice place, but your food gets cooked in the building that looks like a public health violation.Came here for Valentine's Day last night and was very pleased with the experience. My only complaint, and the only reason I give the place 4 out of 5 stars, is that the poor, sole waitress had way too many tables to handle by herself. She could have use another waiter or waitress. Additionally, we did not receive our appetizer until after the entrees were brought out. 
On to the good stuff:
-Beef Pad Kee Meow was delicious. Not too, overly spicy that it becomes inedible, but just right. Great vegetables: tomatoes, peppers, cabbage. The beef was just right, nothing fancy. And for $10, the portion is HUGE! Always a plus.
-My partner ordered the Tofu Pad Thai hot, not Thai hot, but regular hot. She said it was edible despite it being incredibly hot. Everything hit the spot but she probably would order medium next time, like I did.
-Vegetable spring rolls: Nothing special here, but a decent price and something I would order for take-out for sure.
Overall, I had a great time at Circles. We picked up a nice Pretty Things Jack d'Or from Brew just down 15th Street to complement the dinner and by the end of the night were fulfilled with our Circles experience.
I think I'd probably order delivery next time, as the dining experience while nice was not a place I'd come to again unless it's during an off hour (lunch, for example). Great prices and great food make this a true gem of a place in Point Breeze/Newbold/South Philly.
Looking forward to checking out the new location on 2nd and Brown in the Spring!I regularly order Drunken Noodles from this place and I love it.  The crab rangoon is also a favorite (but leaves something to be desired) and I also like their calamari.  And its great that they deliver.Great spot. Great flavors. Reasonably priced. Tom Kha soup was banging. Beef pad thai was great. Delivery wasn't the fastest, but it was around how long they said over the phone. 
Can't in good conscience give it 5 stars because it's not super adventurous or cheap or mind blowing. However, it's definitely solid and a good spot to try. I heard they're opening another one in the no libs or something like that. I'd say that's a good move. They'll probably crush it there.Love the pumpkin curry! Always solid food...but beware that "medium" spicy here is still very spicy..."mild" here is medium spicy.I feel like these reviews are plants.  I could've stuck with my neighborhood go-to, Smile, and been happy.  Now I'm stuck with a thick red curry that is 90% bamboo shoots (I mean there was ONE strip of red bellpepper - seriously - and about 6 thin slices of chicken).  This food is disappointing and even infuriating being that there are two better alternatives just around the corner from me, shame on me for trying something new (with a FALSE 4 star rating IMO).  And the lemon grass soup tastes like vinegar.  Will NEVER order from them again.I wrote a pretty scathing review of this location at the beginning of the year after a horrific dining experience.  The manager recently reached out to me via private message to express his sincere apologies for the issues with our meal.  He had genuine concern for the fact that I had an allergic reaction and assured me that they take dietary restrictions/allergies very seriously.  He informed me that they are in the process of better training their staff so that they are more aware of what each menu item contains.  I know business owners can really lose it when they respond to poor reviews, but he was extremely professional and I truly appreciated that he took the time to remedy this situation.  I think it says a lot that he wants to make sure every diner has a great meal here.  I will definitely go back to South Philly Circles to try them out again at some point in the future.Pad see ew was way too saucy and and way too salty. Have to pay extra for a protein in your noodle. Very interesting setup... the kitchen is located in a different building than the dining area. Our waitress was very sweet and service was quick... but would not return for the food.Do not order takeout from here. After waiting two hours, the delivery person called us and started barking about how he was at our door.  He was at a random address across town and after 15 minutes of trying to give him the correct address, he hung up. Then turned his phone off. Horrible and overpriced for this level of pathetic service. Joke.Today I ventured 40 minutes round trip by car in pre-Nor'easter conditions to be part of Circles' customer appreciation day. Was it worth it? For that pumpkin curry dish, heck yes! 
Customer appreciation day was held in honor of their 5 year anniversary in South Philly. As part of the celebration they were giving out your choice of Basil Fried Rice, Pumpkin Curry, Tofu Pad Thai and Pad Prik Khing with Tofu for free. So it was probably a little nutty of me to drive all of that way in those weather conditions but I'm realizing that I'll jump through fences for this dish. 
Despite the fact they were cooking everything in mass quantities, the quality was totally still there. The basil was fresh, the peppers were spicy, the pumpkin was perfect and the curry sauce was oh, so good. I'm sure my rice enjoyed being totally drowned and soaked up by as much as the sauce as it would allow. I only wish there was a little more spice, but next time I go back I'll be sure to kick it up a notch on my individual order. Even without the spice, there is so much flavor that I smile just thinking about my lunch. 
Happy Anniversary and thanks for lunch, Circles. I surely feel like an appreciated customer.hmmmm
hard to say. the food was... our service consisted of... we were... we thought...
see, after hearing about this place and reading so many great reviews, i think our expectations were unrealistically high. expectations reduce joy, in general, to be fair, so this was our fault.
i'm old school, ie i think service is important. and, on both occasions (yes, we went twice because we were uncharacteristically optimistic), our service was bizarre. bizarrely bad. during our first go-around, our waiter was lacking personality, had minimal interest in speaking, and offered only the slightest of assistance in response to our questions. to be completely honest, neither of them seemed to know very much about the place (we were switched off to a different person after about 5mins because of a large party), menu included. 
the second time around, our waitress actually discussed with us this intestinal bug/disease she had, and then proceeded to tell us that this was her first day of work since getting sick a week ago, but, don't worry, "my doctor said it wasn't contagious." oh, that's good. like, i'm sorry you fell ill, but please do not tell me about it as you wipe your mouth with your fingers. 
the food (minus one dish) was... bland, unimaginative and at times gross. drunken noodles, not so great, as the dish actually had this slimy texture. the veggie spring rolls were a plate of shredded iceberg lettuce; we shared a curry dish (maybe massaman?) and we did not care for it; the calamari was really, really (really) tough; miso soup was flavorless and cold, we sent it back for a reheating; and the pad thai, though highly recommended by our sick but-ok-to-handle-food waitress, lacked any flavor or texture at all.
why the 2 stars? the pumpkin curry, the one dish. it's good enough to have us ordering it as take out in the future.After moving to Philly from Brooklyn, Ive been craving some good Thai food. Ive been to some places in the Philly area and they weren't great at all. I finally found this restaurant on Yelp after reading the reviews, I want to say THANKS for the great reviews. Finally some good Massaman w/chicken very happy here. Their crab rangoon was spicy and awesome! I'll definitely drive all the way from the north side to the south side for this Thai food. 
Thanks Yelpers and Circles!It's a great restaurant in Philly. The foods test better than before I think. Let try crab Rangoon, it's awesome. Pad Thai is the best.Ordered take-out from Circles and had to wait about 40 minutes. Granted it was a stormy, rainy night, and they had some deliveries to prepare as well, but overall I was kind of disappointed with the food. The portions were insanely small for the price! Example: an order of calamari that was about $6 or $7 literally had about 6 or 7 pieces. The duck pad thai was a little too sweet for my liking, although my fiance liked it. The Thai beef salad was was barely a salad - just a couple pieces of bell peppers and a bit of lettuce here and there. We also ordered the Thai spring rolls and the cheese steak rolls. The Thai spring rolls would have been better if they used normal spring roll wrappers instead of rice paper, and the filling was just like the filling in Vietnamese spring rolls (cha gio) - so nothing special there. Maybe when the NoLibs location opens up we'll give it another shot, but for now, I'd say there are better Thai places in Philly.Circles is a quality Thai / Thai-fusion BYOB in south Philly.
On one side of the street is a take-out spot with the kitchen staff; on the other side is their new dining room area.
Circles also is very easy to get to via the subway (get off at the Tasker stop and walk one block west). It is open til 11pm, so it's a great spot if you want to pregame before going out (like say Dolphin Tavern).
The food is very good with mostly typical Thai dishes as well as some inventive fusion twists. Prices are very reasonable ($10-$20 a dish)
Massaman curry and Penang curry are both great. Also try the Pad See Ew or Pad Ba Mee.
Don't forget to check out their specials on the back of the menu.I like it,I tried Erawan which was okay but so expensive and tamarind which I found my noodles too soupy. I was satisfied with it,I never tried their restaurant in real life, tried their delivery takeout and it was a good service too.If you don't live around their location, save yourself the trouble and DO NOT order for delivery!!! do pick up instead
Their shrimp pad thai and papaya salad are great.I have mixed feelings about Circles these days. I've long been a fan of their food and have many many a time couch bummed it at home with their awesome deliveries, but more recently I've found the food to be too sweet and the prices to be too high. 
I've been switching over to family-style joints which maintain humility and quality ingredients and constant innovation as they garnish positive reviews and bask in the attention of their growing fanbases. I just wish Circles was a little more like that. I miss the fantastic experience I had years back.