If you're reading this review then Circles may already be out of business, but please save yourself the horrible experience and just go to Baan Thai on liberty walk.  
I went to Circles once when it opened and it was very meh, I figured they would get a little better with time.  Just had dinner there tonight and it was my worst Thai experience for the following reasons:
1. Service was extremely slow.  There were literally three other tables there that had already eaten and took over 45 minutes for food to come out. 
2. Got some kind of "General Thai Chicken" on the special menu.  Two very small pieces of overcooked chicken came out with mediocre veggies.  Wow, $19, really??
3. This place is hot, balls hot.  I don't need the actual temperature to be hot when eating Thai, i usually sweat it out.  However the food that came out was beyond white person spicy, don't insult me Circles. 
4. Bad service in general.  I complained about the chicken dish being ridiculous and they didn't even refund it.  I don't even care about the money, you think restaurants would just do that to avoid more bad reviews online.  I wish Circles would pay attention to the internet more to learn about better cooking and running a restaurant for dummies.I came here for a CMYE and had a good time.  The food was yummy with my favorites being the pork with chili plum sauce and the spring rolls.  As far as the tea they were serving (either Thai or chai, the server was hard to hear with the noise), it was DELICIOUS.  It reminded me of a clove hinted Yoohoo. The servers passing appetizers and serving beer were all incredibly nice, and so was the chef.  I will be back here to try a true dining experience and for a massive amount of that tea.I would like to agree with Ryan, below.  I'm really happy to have a new option in No Libs.  This is a great addition.  This was my first experience with Thai and I have to say, it was absolutely delicious.  My friends and I shared 4 apps (Summer Rolls, Fritters, Calamari and one other that I can't remember) all were very good.  As my main, I got the Pineapple Curry (medium) with chicken.  Amazing!!  I loved every bite of it.  I can't wait to go back and try something else.  
The staff was very friendly and attentive.  
Will definitely be going back soon!I'm sure the food is great and all, but don't bother trying to order takeout from here.   Ordered Pad Kee Moo, two hours later it still hadn't shown up.  Called up and it turns out that they must have somehow lost the order, because nobody could figure out where it was.   Grumpy and hungry, I ventured out into the cold for a couple of slices.
Heard great things about the food, but who cares if they can't get it to you?What happened to this place? Quality of the food as well as portion sizes went way down.
Peak gai tod was no longer served as whole wings and were completely flavorless. Summer rolls falling apart, sloppily put together, lacked any herbs, and came with watered-down sauce. How far they have fallen.A fellow Yelper once told me that when it comes to ethnic restaurants the true indicator of quality is a majority of the patrons and workers be of the same ethnicity as the restaurant. Well if lovin' the Lord is wrong I don't wanna be right because I didn't see one Thai worker and there may have only been two or three Asians in the entire place, regardless boo and I had our best meal of 2012 there. 
We had reservations for 8:00 but it was a Saturday night so we had to wait about ten minutes. Once we were seated the manager stopped by our table to apologize and ask if there is anything we needed to please let him know. Completely unnecessary but a very nice gesture. 
Our waitress was extremely friendly and as this was our first time at Circles she walked us through the menu. I've only had Thai once (boo and I's first date in 2008, just picture Along Came Polly capped off with me forgetting my wallet) so I had a lot of questions but she was on top of everything. We ended up getting the pork dumplings and the crab ragoon. Amazing. The ragoon had a lot of curry in it which gave it a really unique flavor that was sweet and a bit spicy. The dumpling wrap was like eating a cloud, and the dipping sauce was out of control.
When it came to the man dishes this was tough because everything sounded great and most options had a beef / poultry / fish option. I have a tough time when there are multiple good sounding options but I was told the chefs specialty is beef and so I went with the green curry with beef and boo went with the pork pad thai. Along with a paint bucket full of wine I got at Pinot the day before, this meal was perfect. The meat in both dishes was beyond tender. The spiciness was just as described which was a relief after my last experience. We even had a little left over and we NEVER have leftovers so this was huge. We ordered two thai coffees to finish up and before we could order dessert the manager brought over thai coffee ice cream for us to share on the house since we had to wait. 
Total class all the way. Affordable, delicious, and is now our go to when we have guests in town or just need to have a fail proof delicious meal.My original plan was to be at work tonight eating a sandwich for dinner, but then I was magically cancelled from my shift at the last minute. 
The clock was suddenly my friend.  
I had time on my hands.  
The world was my oyster.  
Are you sick of the cliches yet? 
So, we decided to head to No Libs to try out Circles.  From the moment we walked in, we were hit with the smells from the kitchen and we couldn't wait to eat.  I immediately told the waitress about my allergies and asked her what she recommended from the menu.  She steered us towards the summer rolls to start off our dinner.  They were a little on the plain side, but it was a huge portion that we were able to split easily and the ingredients were fresh.  She then told us they could make the pad thai vegan without any problems.  It came out and it was cooked perfectly.  I've never had pad thai that good.  We were leaning towards the pineapple curry, but the waitress actually suggested the pumpkin curry since the weather outside had gotten cooler.  I'm so glad she convinced us to switch.  The pumpkin curry was wonderfully rich and creamy and it was a good match for the fall temperatures.  
One appetizer and two entrees was a good amount to share between the two of us.  We left Circles happily full and we even had a bit leftover that we were able to take with us.  It goes without saying that I didn't miss my sandwich at all.  I'll definitely be back here at some point.The food is unreal. I mean, actually so good that I remember trying there massaman curry for the first time and actually thinking that it was the greatest thing that I've ever eaten. I would consider getting it on an IV drip. Not to mention everything else I have ever gotten there. I try to make at least a weekly trip and I live about 30 minutes away on the other side of the city. Also, their Jasmine rice is cooked perfectly, which is the most important thing to look for at any place like this. I would give it more then 5 stars if possible.This is our go to place when we are looking for delivery.  We have had a variety of dishes and they have all been amazing.  I love the pad thai and the philly egg rolls were surprisingly delicous.I haven't ventured to as many Thai places as I want to/should, but it's my favorite in northern libs. The peanut Thai noodles were awesome.From the food to the decor, the area its in, and the people that work there are all very nice and inviting.  This place has become one of my fave's in northern liberties.  The food is very flavorful and true to its culture and I have been to Thailand, so I can say it meets right where its from!I rarely review because I really have a hard time slamming someone's livelihood, no matter how bad the outcome is for me. This one however merits a vent from me as a warning to the Management. I ordered several dishes at a medium level last night for takeout and they were beyond any Thai medium I've ever tasted - here or otherwise. When my girlfriend called for clarification on our order she received terrible customer service. The staff in general is overwhelmingly friendly at Circle, except for whomever was handling complaints last night. I know the customer is not always right but there was no reason for the arrogance and ignorant questions about (not) knowing that "Thai medium is American hot". Yes, we do know this. Yes, we've had good meals with you before, mostly dining with you. What we received last night were not 'medium' spicy dishes. Someone got heavy handed with the chillies. No, there was no need to argue over it. We also ordered a "hot" dish - We know what we were asking for! So instead of agreeing that maybe someone messed up, you just questioned our sincerity. I wouldn't drive 15 minutes each way to get your food and then complain if there wasn't something wrong. We even offered to bring the food back to be replaced. Instead, I overpaid for rice, noodles and green papaya that is going in the rubbish bin, because all you could do was debate spice level. It would have taken 10 minutes and less than $10 in actual cost to fix the issue. You lost two repeat customers over your arrogance.The service is good. Food is good but sometimes a bit salty in general so I usually ask for the sauce on the side or extra veggies. I mostly like this place because I live so close to it and it's the only Asian restaurant nearby. Nice cozy atmosphere.I just waited two hours for an order that was never even being made. My husband and I ordered take out through the circles website and after an hour and fifteen minutes of no delivery I called to check on the order. The guy who answered the phone told me that my order was out for delivery and it is taking longer because they only have one delivery guy. So we waited another 15-20 minutes and still received no food. I called back and spoke to a manager who told me that the cashier lost my order. They offered to deliver the food in 15 minutes but at 845 on a Sunday night, I decided to just cancel the order. Such a frustrating experience, I shouldn't have to call to make sure my order is being made. I know mistakes happen but I called 3 times and not once did they check to make sure it was being made.The NoLibs location is now in soft opening mode. I was able to attend a preview event, where I was impressed with the cute, cozy space. I bet this place will be packed at dinner time. I tried some of the appetizers, including tasty cheesesteak spring rolls and beef  salad. Chicken satay was a little dry. If the curries here are as good as the other location, NoLibs is lucky to have the new Circles!We went here for the firsts time for my daughter's birthday dinner. It was fabulous just like the other circles.  The food was exceptional. We have different tastes in food yet all four of us were thrilled.  We took home some leftovers, meaning that portions were terrific.  The server understood we had a show to get to afterward and was mindful to get us our check quickly and wrap our leftovers fast.  The price was right and the atmosphere is charming.  
I like the other Circles because it is closer to home, but the one on 2d street is far prettier inside.Not the best but not the absolute worst. The service was good and the place seemed nice even though I just ran in for pick up. The pad Thai was ok, insanely spicy though (like eye watering, nose sniffling hot) and I chose "medium", so if you can't handle spice I would stick with mild. The octopus was a bit rubbery and flavorless, so were the summer rolls. Also it seems a bit overpriced for what it is. Overall I probably won't ever eat here again even though it's super close to my house.Ordered from Grubhub on a rainy, cold Sunday because my boyfriend & I were craving some serious curry.
The good: Crab Rangoon was delicious and not overly sweet. Curries had nice flavor in both of our dishes, though the man claims his wasn't as spicy as it should have been. 
The bad: There was a hair (that didn't belong to me or my boyfriend) in my curry, and they forgot to bring one of the two Thai teas we ordered. 
I think I'll stick to ordering from Erawan in Chinatown, because this was not worth the $50 it cost us.This review is long over due as I have eaten from Circles for a while now. I love everything they have so far but my favorite is definitely the pad thai! I do not like spicy foods but my girlfriend does so the fact that they can accomodate for both of us is very helpful. She reccomends only getting Thai hot if you can handle really really hot foods. It was surprisingly spicy for her which is something to note. The beef pad thai is the best in the city! I could eat that everyday! The pad see ew is delicious as well with the thick cut noodles and veggies mixed in. For an appetizer we got the thai rolls which again, I could eat everyday. They are big and filling by themselves! The service we recieve for both dine in and takeout/delivery is always fast and helpful. This is one of our favorite restaurants in Philadelphia! We both reccomend coming here any day of the week as it will always taste so delicious!!Your meal may not be gourmet but solid and you know what you get. 
I love a BYO and can be a great spot to do dinner with friends though typically you want to keep it under for and/or make a reservation. 
Great lunch specials, I've made it in time for lunch a few times but wish the noodle dishes had a bit more noodle. 
Also be sure you know what spice you can handle. Their medium may not be your medium.Came in for dinner on a Friday night. We ordered Pla Pad Chaa and it was the bomb!!! The only thing i'd complain about is the saltiness of the tom yum soup. But the server happily took it back and served again. Super friendly staff. Love it :)Awful.  Went here with a group of friends and they brought our appetizers out in waves fine.  Then the entrees slowly started coming in waves.  Soon 4 of my friends had their meals while I patiently waited for mine.  Then my friends suggested that they probably forgot.  But I insisted that this contemporary restaurant does it in waves.  Boy was I wrong.  Totally forgot my entree, had to tell them to remove it from the bill since I never got it and didn't want it anymore since everyone was almost doneHoly crow, this meal was good.   We started with the satay which was perfectly grilled tender chicken in an amazing satay sauce.  We shared the chicken pad thai and when asked, requested medium spice.   This came out pretty spicy anyway, but was a very tolerable amount of heat.   We also shared the pumpkin curry.   This was the hands down winner.   It was sweet and spicy and thick and flavorful and so pumpkiny.   Yes it's a word.   
The food was perfectly made and the service was friendly and fast.    What else could we possibly want?Went there with a friend on their first evening being officially open, and then again the next night as part of a party of four. 
Food was excellent both times - papaya salad, corn fritters, thai rolls, and steamed dumplings among the excellent starters. Pumpkin curry, salmon Pad Thai, basil stir fry, and eggplant stir fry among some of the excellent entrees.
All dishes offered with a selectable spice level - which initially concerned me because sometimes that means the spices are thrown on already prepared food at the last minute. But not here. This food all was excellent, and the spices unfolded in a really nice, complex way as one would hope/expect. 
The spice scale seems to be just about right too. Unless you like super-spicy, I'd say get things medium or hot ("Thai hot" is the highest level). And unless you're really sensitive to spice (or don't like Thai food to begin with), don't get mild level either.
The atmosphere is warm and clean, with a touch of elegance - casual but nice enough for a dinner out with someone special. It is indeed noisy - although they do have fabric wallpaper, which shows they have made an effort to absorb some sound within the confines of the "no carpet, no drapes, no upholstery" restaurant aesthetic that seems to be pervasive these days.
The service was excellent as well. As others have said, it's clear that some things are still being worked out since they've just opened. But the manager sent out an amuse-bouche both nights, and the food we ordered did not take long to come out. The servers also cleared our empty/dirty plates and silverware, and asked how everything was during both the app and main courses.
What a joy to have a place that's got great Thai food, service without attitude, and shockingly reasonable prices - Both nights it was $20 to $26 per person, including tax and tip.
The only reason I'd advise you not to go, is so there will be room for me to get in!I am so happy circles is in our neighborhood!  The summer rolls are super fresh, the green curry was great, as were the drunken noodles.  We also had the papaya salad, and the calamari - yum!  Beware of how hot you order your food - a 3 or 4 on their rating scale is really,really spicy - so if you are sensitive I'd recommend a 1 or a 2.  The decor is super cute too, a great place for an affordable date night or to meet up with friends.  Great experience!Tried this place on a random date with my fiance' and loved it. The environment was nice and semi-romantic ...the food was good as well ...had the chicken tom yum soup and some drunken noodles ...will try againGood:
Taste (2 different curries, amazing apps.)
Light in the stomach, but very filling - not heavy
Delicious
Large portions at a great price
Bad:
Getting reservation request in in-time.  The place is quickly becoming a neighborhood favorite, for good reason.Everything I've had here has been amazingly delicious! This is my new obsession. The lemongrass soup is exceptional!!!!! The beef salad is made beautifully and the curry is packed with flavor. You won't be disappointed here. Excellent service as well.I've ordered take-out and dined in here before with no problem, so what I went through tonight totally blindsided me.
I ordered take out and went to pick it up while my boyfriend waited in the car. They told me it'd be a moment, and they looked very busy. It's fine. I don't mind waiting a moment cause I know how things can get in a restaurant. After waiting for what felt like forever, and after the hostess whispered frantically amongst themselves, I learned that they had accidentally given my take-out to someone who had left before I got there.  Okay...this is annoying, but all I wanted was for them to make my order again so I could pay and get out of there. 20 minute wait? Ugh...fine. I accepted with the best smile I could muster.
The second hostess returned and stopped the other server from reentering my order. Why? I guess the manager wanted her to CALL THE PERSON WHO THEY GAVE MY FOOD TO SO THEY COULD COME BACK AND THEN GIVE ME THAT FOOD. WHAT? ARE YOU KIDDING?
What restaurant makes a mistake and then expects that 
a) the first customer should have to come all the way back because the restaurant messed up
b) the second customer would be okay being sold food that had left the premises and returned?
All i wanted to do was wait my extra 20 minutes and get my food and pay for it (I'd even pay full price despite the inconvenience). I'm starting to get annoyed and express how not okay with this I am, and a manager comes over. Instead of apologizing and being helpful or trying to recitfy the situation he disrespects me and acts like I'm an idiot. I tell him I'm frustrated and he responds "Yeah, I can tell." He then asks why I won't take the food even if it came back unopened...again ARE YOU KIDDING? You have absolutely NO idea what happened to the food once it left with that customer. I just really don't understand why at this point a new order hasn't just been put in. He finally caves but at this point I tell him that I just don't really want to wait for food from there. 
The whole situation was incredibly unprofessional. I've e-mailed the restaurant and hope that I will be able to update this review one day to reflect swift and polite customer service to fix this. Until then, I just can't bring myself to ever come here if it's the policy of the place to ignore the best interests of the customer so that you can save a few bucks and make one less order.Overpriced and underwhelming.  For about 3x the price of any other takeout, it definitely wasn't 3x better.
First, let's start with the soup. I ordered lemongrass soup, which was lemongrass broth with a few floating rogue onions.  Now, at an additional cost you can add some sort of "protein" to the soup, but for $6 there should be something besides onions!
Next, the spring rolls.  These were nothing I couldn't get from my grocer's freezer.  
The duck pad thai was OK, but for $17 I was hoping for a little better than OK.  Admittedly I am not a pad thai aficionado, but that was just a little disappointing.  It was very dry, and not a whole lot going on.  I feel like I could have gotten better pad thai at Pei Wei, which is not a good feeling!
On the up side, the delivery was quick and the lady who took my order was lovely.  But unfortunately, my foray into the world of pad thai will lead me elsewhere.Best thai I've had in Philly, flavor was on the sino-thai side but was thai hot. The lunch special was 750 w soup n egg roll. I found the portions very generous, service n ambiance good. Plus=brown rice. They have a menu in thai but most of the staff were not, I found that a bit strange.for quite some time i had been searching for a good thai place in the city. i've tried many of the other popular yelp suggestions, but always left the other places a bit underwhelmed. i have memories from being in australia, where thai places were abundant and amazing, and i was trying to recapture that experience.  i was eagerly anticipating circles opening in our hood, and we rushed to try it out as soon as we could.
the good:
vegetable dumplings- i was quite blown away by these, soft, melt in your mouth goodness. even my wife, who doesn't like onions (veggie dumplings made primarily with leeks) came back for seconds.
general thai- some bits of chicken were overcooked, but they nailed the spice level, and overall, the whole dish overcame its shortfalls. there's a caveat here about the chicken being overcooked, which i will bring up in another section.
massaman curry- amazing, sweet,spicy,creamy. i was in heaven.
chicken satay- a standard, nothing out on a limb with regards to thai food, but they executed it perfectly.
the bad:
we had made our reservations for the friday of their opening week. they might have been overwhelmed by the demand. it took a bit of time to get our appetizers, and there was a significant wait between that and our entrees. i definitely ascribe that to the fact that we came at a peak time on their opening week. i'm sure these kinks will be worked out. i also attribute the overcooked chicken in the general thai to the kitchen being swamped.
our waiter was sometimes no where to be found. again, new location, super busy. i think he was nervous to approach us about the delays.  we're pretty reasonable people, we would have totally accepted a "i'm sorry, the kitchen is super backed up" explanation, but the guy just dissappeared for a long time.
neither good nor bad:
the table was a bit small,cramped, and the restaurant was super noisy. none of these are a deal breaker, but the noise is a good indicator of the restaurant's "buzz".
the redeeming:
at some point, the maitre'd realized we had been waiting for a while, and definitely made the extra effort and attention. he gave us some free dessert as way of apology. 
conclusion: definitely worth it, not without it's faults, but all in all, stuff that will shake out over time. we will be back.....
very very very often, i'm sure.I get delivery from here maybe 1-2 times per month. I usually order the pad see ew. And usually to meet a delivery min I get meat added to the dish, which is always a mistake.  The pad see ew is delicious.  The meat, regardless of what I order, has always been overlooked. Always. 90% of the time the food is delivered within 30-40 minutes. But when it's not it's like 2 hours and no one can find your order. I'll continue to order from them though.Great food! The recent lunch menu is fantastic and the service was amazing. The Duck Salad was delicious along with the thai rolls.finding good pad thai in philly was a failure until now. circles has the BEST pad thai in the city.  very fresh, relatively cheap (around $10) and lots of fresh veggies and slices of mango on top.  added plus that the chicken/shrimp pad thai is gluten free, considering it is very difficult to find an asian dish without soy sauce. summer rolls are also good.The restaurant has a nice atmospere. Waitor was friendly. I ordered pad thai chicken. It was very tasty with the mango and peanut flavors.
You can choose from chicken beef and seafood.I previously loved Circles but I am annoyed with them over the "new menu" they put into place.  Items removed and prices increased?  Not cool.Don't eat here. My friend and I walked in and took a seat. The waitress handed us the menu, and as I contemplated the pad thai, a roach- A ROACH- crawled out from under the napkin on my plate. We immediately left without causing a scene. The screwed up part is, if the bug had crawled out a minute sooner, I would have ate off that plate!I'm still a bit annoyed at my previous experience at Circles. And initially, no one from Circles got back to me about my horrible experience. 
After going back and forth on Twitter with a Philly food blogger about my experience at Circles, they finally stepped in and apologized and invited me to the soft opening of their newest location. I wrote in my last review that I wanted to be able to update this showing swift and polite customer service, so I'm updating to let everyone know that I had polite and eventual customer service, even if it wasn't exactly swift. An apology means a lot to me, and Circles food IS good. 
I'm willing to give it a try again. Hopefully they've had a good talking to to the manager that made my last experience a bad one.We went to Circles on a cold, rainy Friday night to celebrate a friend's birthday.  It is BYOB and there is a Foodery bottle shop located conveniently right across the street.  I stopped there on my way and picked up some beers to pair with what was sure to be a spicy dinner (based on previous Yelp reviews).  I arrived earlier than the rest of my party and was promptly seated while I waited for their arrival.  Our server brought out an ice bucket for our beer, opened our first one, and left a bottle opener on the table for our convenience, which I thought was a nice touch.  
When everyone arrived, we ordered the vegetable spring rolls as an appetizer.  They were good, about what you'd expect from a typical Thai restaurant.  We got about six pieces, and it served as a decent appetizer.  There are a few levels of heat you can order for your entree.  I looooove spicy food and have a high spice tolerance, so I really only heard medium, hot or Thai hot.  For an entree, I got the Pad Kaprow with wide noodles and chicken, hot.  It was good.  I thought the heat added too the dish and enhanced rather than toke away from the flavor of the dish.  One of my companions got the Pad Kee Mow, hot, but it was decidedly not as hot as my dish, so the heat seemed to be somewhat inconsistent.  The serving sizes were decent.  I was able to take home half of my dish and eat it for dinner two days later (it was still quite good heated up in the oven, the vegetables did not get soggy).  
Altogether, I thought the service was good, the food was decent (I appreciated that they make a point to figure out what level of spicy you want), and the portions were large.  I would eat here again if it was in the area, but probably would not make a special trip.Excellent Thai food, and my current fav in the city. Tried a variety on the menu and everything has been excellent and delicious. Be careful if you ask for spicy, although flavorful, can be more than what you're used to. Try mild and go on from there. 
Every dish features those wonderful blends of Thai cooking that I've come to love. Try the lemon grass soup for starters, it's like being punched in the face with flavor. I crave it each time I go, a must in my opinion. 
I've had the Pad Thai, red curry, pumpkin curry, and massaman curry. All delicious but I tend to lean toward more savory than sweet dishes when it comes to Thai. Totally a personal preference. I've yet to be disappointed with anything I've tried. My wife loves their Thai beef salad, which she typically pairs with that awesome lemon grass soup. 
The dining area is small and more accommodating for smaller circles, no pun intended. And the service is very friendly and knowledgable in helping you find your next food adventure.Yelp is becoming less credible everyday. I used to read yelp ratings to assist in my decision to eat out on daily basis, only to find that most of these so-called "ratings" are largely hyped. Is there a 3rd party service that gets paid to rate this place? Because Circles is no where near a four star rating, at all.
The food is overpriced garbage. Sorry folks, but the "contemporary" taste that this restaurant seems to boast is more generic, one-dollar to go-ish, than it is a culinary masterpiece. 
Do you like paying Jose Garces prices for sub-par meals? Only to find that the rice is decaying after it touches your palate. Gross! To think, that this place is busy enough to have new rice every week. I told the staff that day and all they did was ignore me. 
There is definitely something going on behind the curtains here.
After investigating some comments further, I can now see that this place may be going into dire straights. One person commented that they "used to be open for lunch, now it's only open for dinner."
Another moaned, " They got rid of half of the menu items." If I am not mistaken. I think this place is about ready to close after the five year lease is up and is covering up for their losses by using what is left of their "stellar" yelp reputation by being stingy with the food, old rice, and sub-par service.
Not a bad exit strategy.... I guess......
Pros:
NONE
Cons:
- Crappy food quality
- Non-attentive wait staff
- Rotten Rice.....
- I found only 3 small pieces of chicken in my $14 Red Curry. I basically paid a ton of money for $1.00 worth of vegetables and 50 cents worth of chicken.
- Avoid..... I've had much MUCH better, and cheaper, Thai food elsewhere.Careful with the spicy pad thai!!!
The owner Alex is a really cool guy, and has been in business with circles for almost a decade, which is no surprise considering the excellence of Circles food. :)We went here with a GREAT recommendation of a friend. First we had ended up at the take out location, and finally found this place. When we walked in it was empty, given it was an odd time of the day. They were all friendly and helpful. We had the basil thai rice and chicken massaman curry. The rice was salty, and i could barely eat it after a while, but it was smelling amazing. The chicken was very delicious, with some potatoes. I ended up getting some mango sweet rice, it actually was very nice.The crab fried rice is delicious. I enjoyed every bite. We've ordered dumplings and egg rolls in the past, they are always good.
The biggest downfall to this meal? We ordered mild chicken curry and definitely got hot chicken curry. It was even hot for me... I want to think they switched orders or something because this is just a poor, basic mistake if anything otherwise.
We aren't giving up on them though. The food is good.Truly awful customer service! Worst I've had in the otherwise excellent restaurant industry in Philly.  I purchased takeout there last night - 2 curry dishes.  When I got home, I found that they had forgotten rice in the order.  I called and returned and got the rice. They were hardly apologetic and offered nothing for my trouble.  I then returned home, only to find that one of the curry dishes had the wrong meat in it, and they had forgotten to put meat in the other.  The receipt had the correct order, so it was not a miscommunication.  I called again, and was told the kitchen was closed and there was nothing they could do.  They offered half off my next order. Not wanting to ever go back there, I asked for a refund.  They refused unless I brought the food back.  Not wanting to drive back again, I asked to talk to the manager.  I was told the owner was there but did not speak English.  Stay away.Food is always great, and there awesome with substitutions. I like to try new dishes every other time I order and I've never had a bad meal! I order takeout a lot and never have issues. Dined in once and despite it being nearly empty our food took a long time (assuming this was because of take out demands).Having been devoid of a Thai restaurant for several years in the neighborhood, I was very excited to check out Circles, but after eating there one time, I cannot express my complete and total dissatisfaction enough.
I called to order some take out on a Tuesday evening, and was placed on hold for 5 minutes, until I got sick of waiting.  So I hung up.   I called back a couple of minutes later, and again, I was placed on hold, so I put my phone on speaker, and proceeded to rearrange my sock drawer.  This should have been taken as a sign from God to NOT ORDER FOOD FROM CIRCLES.  But I ignored these signs, and called back.  This time, the person who answered was able to accept my take out order.
We ordered some pineapple curry with chicken and some red curry with chicken, no rice and extra vegetables on both entrees, for takeout one evening.  I was very disappointed with what we got.  For $14 an entree, my dish consisted mostly of the coconut curry sauce, and much little of anything else.  There were a few pieces of what appeared to be pre-chewed shredded chicken in there, and absolutely no extra veggies like I had asked!  My dish was extremely saucy, and left me still hungry afterwards.  The curry was very sweet...too sweet, and not spicy like I had asked
I would consider making an exception if the food was good, but both entrees were terrible!!!  
As long as Baan Thai (the other, less heralded Thai place that just opened up in Liberties Walk) is open, I will gladly order from there rather than get ripped off for marginally edible and extremely overpriced food.I had not noticed this Thai spot before, but I am really glad I gave it a try! I came here for a double date craving curry. Circles is blissfully BYOB and as soon as we were seated, the waitress quickly fetched an ice bucket and uncorked a bottle for us. The restaurant is a little small, but very intimate and comfortable. All the candles against the dark wood gave a nice effect. 
Three of us ordered curries and one had the pad see ew. I was delighted to see the pumpkin curry on the menu and absolutely loved it. I did get mild so I can't evaluate the spice but it had the perfect suggestion of sweetness and the pumpkin harmonized well with the coconut milk. I recommend getting chicken with this particular curry. The rest of my party really enjoyed their dishes as well. The service was flawless and the waitress took great care to make sure we were happy with our food. Prices were not bad at all and we left very satisfied. 4 stars for the NoLib location!Hidden gem worth discovering!!
We had the green curry and cashew dishes and both were absolutely delicious.My gf and I both love our local Houston and Baton Rouge Thai restaurants back home, respectively. And since we were on vacation, we decided to go out to eat Thai. Of all the restaurants we ventured to in philly, we absolutely loved Circles! The menu has an interesting selection with many vegetarian and vegan options to choose from. The coconut milk soup was the perfect way to start after such a cold evening, keeping us warm while we settled down enjoying the atmosphere. The seitan was really palatable with its taste and texture...very tender. It's a good meat substitute especially if you're anyone who is making the transition to vegetarian. I will say that the basil fried rice that i had was just a tiny bit salty for my liking, but that's nothing to complain about as i can just easily ask to go light/easy next time. The owner and our server were very nice and attentive, very quick and on top of their service. Really friendly! I would say for the value, this place can't be beat. Good portions, affordable, and BYOB. I would highly recommend coming back here again. Can't wait to try the Pad Kaprow w/seitan, the vegetarian cheesestake, and their desserts next time we visit.I was very pleasantly surprised by this place. It's got a great vibe... the food was incredible. I'm usually really good when it comes to spicy foods, but the Thai spicy level was off the Scoville scale.... it hurt so good. So be WARNED: Don't get the thai spicy level unless you can handle super spicy foods.Two complaints about Circles N.L.: 
1) I called for take-out three separate occasions before I was able to get someone who was actually able to take an order. They need to work more with their staff to clarify what is available and when, and they need to update their website to indicate which services apply to the N.L. location vs. original location. Finally got clear info that on the weekends they only do take-out after 5 and was able to order. 
2) The food was really moderate. I am not a Thai food aficionado, but a few things were wrong for me. I had the Seitan Satay and Basil Fried Rice with Beef. The Seitan had a slightly unappealing flavor (couldn't quite identify what the flavor was though?). Texture of the Seitan wasn't bad. The beef in my fried rice was super tough and over cooked. Lots of hard bits in my rice as well, which I think was the white seeds from bell peppers, as if they hadn't been cleaned properly. The black pepper flavor of the dish overall was nice. 
Definitely disappointed in the experience as a whole, the 'hood has definitely been hurting for some Thai food! Since my experience was soso on both service and food I probably won't bother going back.Other than the smallness of the restaurant and the relatively  higher noise level as a result, I love this place. Had the coconut soup (yummo!!) and the Pai thai. You can ask to have it as spicey as your pallet allows.  The staff were accomodating and attentive. Loved the fact that it is a BYOB.This was my fourth experience at Circles, the first for take out. I had been pretty impressed with the food and service while seated at the restaurant. This takeout order was a big disappointment. We ordered Summer rolls and fried calamari as appetizers. The summer rolls were fine. The calamari was tasty too, although the sauce was so salty as to be inedible. So we ate the calamari plain. We ordered a Pork Green Curry and a Chicken Red Curry. The take-out bowls were totally deceiving. What looked like it would be nice portion was all liquid in both orders. After fishing out the chicken, peppers, bamboo shoots, etc., there was not even enough to satisfy a child. Were it not for the side of brown rice, we would have still been hungry. As take-out, it would have been a burden to return all the way to the restaurant for replacements, so we grumbled and chalked it up to experience. Had I been in the restaurant and served this meal, it would have gone back.Circles is a great venue for classic Thai fare. The atmosphere is nice and tastefully decorated yet casual. The food we enjoyed was very fresh and tasty.  The menu features a variety of options suitable for vegetarians and non-vegetarians alike. I didn't feel that the appetizers were anything to write home about but the entrees were good and generously portioned. As some reviewers have said, I would probably be conservative on the level of spiciness you order--it might be hotter than you expect. Circles is also BYOB which is also convenient.  We had attentive service and enjoyed the experience. I'd definitely return. I can't speak to the delivery but the dine in experience is on point!What a nice little find!!!  This place is a surprise.  Were it not for the Living Social deal, I would have never went here.  I had the pad thai with shrimp and my sister had the crab fried rice.  Amazing---the food was delicious and the igredients were so fresh, you just knew it was made that minute you walked in, not sitting around pre-cooked waiting for someone to order it.
One tiny complaint, the young lady had to be summoned twice to refill the water glasses, because this is a BYOB place and since we did not know this, we only had the water with the meal.
I will definitely be going back, maybe as a delivery, the seating is a little tight, and my hips had a hard time navigating across the backs of chairs!!!I have so much to rave about this sister location of Circles. First and foremost, what the chef did on Thursday 11/14/13 was out of pure love and charity. The chef donated all sales of the day to help the victims of the typhoon in the Philippines. I believe it was roughly around $3,000. I did not hear any other restaurants that did something like this but I'm sure there were. 
I love ordering from this place during lunch, mostly because I work only a few blocks away. You can never go wrong with the Pad Thai but the curry dishes are wonderful. If you're craving crab, order the crab fried rice. It has so much lump crab meat that you will be satisfied. It is my favorite fried rice, hands down!
10/3/14 I have had to downgrade the quality of service and food in this establishement. I don't know what is going on at this location but it has really gone down. I order from this location mostly when I'm at work in Old City. The spicy level is never consistent. I have requested multiple times on certain dishes to not be spicy because some of my co-workers can't handle the spice, on some days it's right on, other days it's spicy as hell. I like my food to be Medium spice and on some days it's Thai hot and others Mild. The delivery system is an absolute failure, out of the many times I've ordered I've gotten my food on time, twice. The other times I requested for delivery, it is usually 15-20 minutes late. I really hope that this location work on their service and quality for take out orders because for the most part we do enjoy the food here. So, please try to improve your service.Great little thai spot in Northern Liberties. Lots of vegan options. The pumpkin curry dish is the fire!! It has the green skin pumpkin chunks in a curry with veggies. mmmmm. The server was very informed and helped with suggestions. If you are in Nolibs and need some thai, hit this spot!! It's great!!The food wasn't horrible....but it is not like any thai that I have had.  I know everyone differs in their opinion on what "good" thai food tastes like....and I appreciate that.  But this was not authentic Thai food.
Their dishes tasted kind of like they were supposed to, but with a twist,and not in a good way.  They also didn't have sticky rice for my meal.  
Maybe I have just been spoiled and lived in places where there is awesome Thai.  
On a positive note....it's very clean, new, and the waiter was excellent.Decided to order here for a Saturday Night Delivery. Was unfortunately disappointed.
First of all, prices are pretty expensive. After reading the reviews on here I figured it was a solid option, but the prices are higher than some of the surrounding restaurants. The food got here in about an hour, which is pretty typical on a Saturday night. The delivery serviceman was very polite and brought the food to my door. $5 delivery fee though...yikes!
The food itself was mediocre. The pad woonseen had essentially 2 pieces of chicken, and what seemed like old stale vegetables. Sauce was average. The mango sticky rice was okay.
Overall, disappointed with my experience. Hopefully I will be able to find a better thai restaurant in the future.Salmon pad thai was awesome, nice size portions for the price!Beware!! 
Advertising this food as "high quality" is a joke.. I was very disappointed with the food and was hoping that after an extremely long wait, that it'd be worth it. I was wrong.  
The worst part about this place is the delivery.... It took over 1hr30min to get our food and when we called to ask about the status, both the hostess and the manager were extremely rude. After asking about the wait, the manager accused me of ordering from the wrong location at South Street, even after I reassured them I ordered from Northern Libs and have the receipt as proof. Then after handing off the phone to someone else, they tried covering their mistakes by saying we should have ordered from the other location...
Overall sub-par thai food and the company's lack of customer service left a bad taste in my mouth (as did the food).  Needless to say, this is the last time we order from here.N. 2nd St. location (I have no experience of the original spot).  My wife and I thought our meal was very good, and we had great service at this little BYOB.  We had two appetizers, the chicken satay and summer rolls.  They were very fresh, the peanut sauce for the satay was incredible, not too heavy or peanut-y.  We also ordered a curry dish and Pad Kee Mao, both very good with the right amount of spice, but not too much that we couldn't get all the flavors.  We'll definitely be back.Ate at circles for the first time tonight with some college friends who were visiting and it was wonderful! I got the lemon grass soup and the spiciest Thai curry dish (I can't remember the name but it's the one that comes with the caution!) boy was it delicious!! Would definitely Come again :)Our waitress here was a delight, when it came time for me to order the papaya salad, I've asked for the spiciest and she warned me that it was made very spicy. We both joked living in Thailand, I am used to the heat while my date wasn't. She  recommended his dish to be mild, and came out with on the house treats for us.
The Thai iced tea was amazing! It was served with two bottles of coconut milk and honey. 
I'm a regular from now on.I just ordered delivery and the phone call was a beyond painful experience. Literally took about 15 minutes just to exchange information. Not sure about their staffing. The crab rangoon is nasty, don't do it,The bf and I ordered delivery from this location the other day. I would probably rate this place more like a 3.75. 
The food arrived fairly quickly and was still warm. We had ordered the Cheesesteak Spring Rolls, and Crab Rangoon to start. 
The cheese steak egg rolls were okay, nothing special about them. 
The Crab Rangoon app was by far, my favorite thing we ordered. It had more of an Indian twist, and I loved the creaminess of the filling and the spices on my taste buds. 
I had ordered Pad See-ew with Chicken. I was worried about the spice factor, so I ordered it mild. It wasn't bad, just nothing to write home about. I will probably try medium spice next time, to add a little kick to the food.
We also ordered the Fried S'more Banana Spring Rolls, which was nutella spread on bananas  wrapped in pastry and deep fried. You can't really go wrong with nutella, so these were good in my book.
Overall, not too bad of an experience, although it appears that you will get more bang for your buck if you eat-in, rather than order delivery.I had been wanting to try the South Philly Circles for a while and then this location opened much closer to us. We went on a Friday evening and were surprised to be seated right away (which I attributed to bad weather and people being out of town). This location is byob which I prefer for thai and we brought some white wine with us. I could see getting beers at the nearby Foodery as well in the future. The menu had a lot of things we were interested in trying, so it was hard to choose where to start. We ended up with the Seitan Satay to start and it did not disappoint. The texture was right on and the sauce was superb. I will have a hard time trying something new the next time I go. For mains we settled on trying our usuals as we wanted to see how Circles stacked up in the Philly Thai scene. Both my Pad Thai and Clay's Chicken Curry were great. I felt like I enjoyed too much of the Satay however because I had a hard time making a dent in my noodles. I look forward to trying more of their menu and making this a regular thai spot. The service was great and I loved the serving dishes.The food is average   but there was a strong dusty smell that may suggest it wasn't clean. Also, not a big fan of the area. I would have walked out but I was there in a group.Really good Thai food.  A little spendy, but overall worth the price.Delivery was faster than I was told so that I was a nice surprise. They have cheesesteak spring rolls which is nice if you have a s/o that isn't a big fan of Thai. He said they hit the spot. I hadn't had Thai in a while so at first the flavor was amazing but after the initial "I missed this so much," it was actually just average in the flavor department - not bad, but I've had better. The thing that threw me off was the veggies - peas, totally normal; carrots, great but they were a very small dice, which seemed a little odd; then when I came across the corn, was when I realized this was just frozen veggies: the corn / peas / carrots mix. I could see baby corn but just kernels of corn? Seemed weird. For $15 for just tofu Panang curry, I guess I would have liked something a little better.overpriced, but of course they can do this because there's a pretty giant lack of other options in the area. T_T
The pad thai here ain't all that, either.We ordered a $13.00 curry dish from here for take out and the dish was supposed to have snow peas and carrots but what I got was frozen peas and carrots ! Can't believe this place has 3-5 stars ! This place is below a fast food place in my rating ... NEVER have I gotten Frozen veges in my Thai food in this city ...We show up late for our reservation, we show up drunk, we are loud, we order things "Thai hot" and then cry into our plates and demand 5,000 water refills, and they are still pleasant and bring us quick and delicious food.  Plus it is a pretty dining room and I love the orchid flowers on each table and the nice stemware.  Also, best pad kee mao in the city.This has to be one of the places that I've gotten the best service as well as food! My boyfriend and I came on a Thursday afternoon. The interior was just like the pictures, absolutely beautiful. The exterior is a little deceiving because it doesn't look like anything special. We got the Thai Rolls and the Chicken Massaman and Roti for appetizers. They were DELICIOUS and the portions were very generous. The Thai Rolls were probably our favorite as we couldn't get enough of them. They came with fish sauce and peanuts which went so well with them. For entrees we got the Pad Thai as is and the Pad Prik Khing with Chicken. They were DELICIOUS as well. The rice with the Pad Prik Khing could have been a little more since the dish was more salty than we hoped up. The Pad Thai was perfect. We got medium spicy and it was enough to make me enjoy it, wasn't too much so that I couldn't even enjoy the food. The Pad Thai came as a lunch special which I didn't even know until the server told us, so I got the Coconut Milk soup with an spring roll. I didn't enjoy the soup that much since coconut milk was supposed to be sweet, but the saltiness just didn't mix well. The spring roll was really good. I loved that almost everything is vegetarian unless you request a protein, so vegetarians have a ton of options. Also, they gladly alter dishes for you. The service was phenomenal. Our waters were never more than half empty. He made sure we were doing okay a good number of times and helped us with a coupon we had. I will definitely be back with my vegetarian friend!Place is going downhill.... The quality of the food just isn't what it used to be.... Kitchen staff needs to be re-trained... Everything is WAY too salty... Last three times I ordered take out, they made mistakes...  Think I'm gonna switch to Baan...  First world problems, but, none the less...Checked out the new NoLibs version of Circles with my South Philly Circles friends.  The food is pretty much the same, but this one has a better dining room, although there's something to be said for the whole off the beaten track thing they have going in South Philly.  We had some calamari and then shared a bunch of dishes.  All were medium, or hot for spice level, but that was conveyed in different ways.  For example, my medium chicken pad see ew was a lot spicier than the spicy curry.  We had veggie, tofu, and chicken options and pretty much finished everything.  It was a good amount of food.  We brought wine which was quickly consumed, and paid about $25 a person, so it was definitely a good deal for a Friday night dinner.  It's busy so I recommend making a reservation on Open Table.Ordered food from Circles Thai a week ago. We ordered entrees for four people, and drinks for two. The drinks were each placed in bags. And the food containers were also placed in bags. Not sure if the delivery driver was driving like a bat out of hell or if the items were poorly packaged, but everything was a leaking mess. 
Additionally, the rice that came with two of the entrees was missing. We called the restaurant to let them know about the rice and the drinks and they said they were closing, but would send a delivery person with the rice and new drinks (they initially offered us a credit to be used at a later date but as visitors of the city, a credit wouldn't suffice).
After the above, there were two issues:
1. My Thai ice-tea, was not milky at all. It was quite watery.
2. My Pad See Eww was VERY salty. I have no doubt that if I were to get high blood pressure I would be able to single handedly point to this meal as the cause.I bought a LivingSocial deal for this place month prior to our visit, not in response to a recommendation or anything, but just because I saw it, realized that I haven't made it over to Northern Liberties in a while, and bought it to encourage myself to get over there and experience some north 2nd St. nightlife.  The reviews don't do this place enough justice; this dining experience was a much finer (and tastier) than I expected.
Yes, it's a few blocks south of the Piazza and it doesn't look like much from the outside, but once you step in you can't help but admire the interior; great wood finishes, artwork, servers dressed in Thai garb...maybe a bit much but shows they're trying to push for a nice themed atmosphere.  
Their dishes have varying levels of hot...mild, medium, hot, and Thai hot (for those feeling adventurous).  You also choose between a chicken, beef, tofu, shrimp, etc. for most of the entrees.  The dishes were also good portioned and plenty to fill up one person and bring some leftovers home.  I got the Pumpkin Curry with beef (very popular dish) and my girlfriend got the Tofu Pad Ped w/ peppercorns and we shared; both very flavorful dishes that I would highly recommend, especially the latter if you are confident in your ability to handle the asian spice!
Great BYOB; be sure to stop by the Foodery across the street and pick up an appropriate alcoholic beverage to go with delicious eastern cuisine.Took my family out for a dinner after a show my mom wanted to see on the Camden waterfront. We decided on eating thai because its always a really good meal for good value. We came to circles and were immediately taken by surprise by how expensive the dishes were. For example red curry was on average 4 dollars more than other good thai spots in the city. A little over priced right? This place better be worth it I thought as the server was giving his shpeal and then he mentioned Pumpkin curry..... 
I ordered it. Pumpkin Curry medium spicy with chicken... Wow this was pretty freakin good and original I might add. I never see this on thai menus and it was definitely in the middle of the summer so it coudlnt' have been seasonal. This made the dinner for me. 
I've been here since but mainly stick with the pumpkin Curry because it my head the cost justifies the taste. I swear to god I'm not a finance person.I read about Circles online and saw that Philly Magazine rated this restaurant as the Best Thai in Philadelphia.  It was also quoted with "nothing comes even close
.  I thought I give it a try, with Google Offers =)
I ordered the Chicken Pad Thai lunch special, which comes with a soup, spring roll, and dessert.  The presentation of the soup and spring roll were okay.  The spring roll was crispy. 
 Let's talk about the soup.  Once I smell the soup, I knew the rest of the stuff I ordered would not live up to what Philly Magazine rated as "Best Thai". All I could smell was black pepper. I took a sip and yes, it had a VERY strong taste of black pepper. I felt as if it was used to hide some taste they did not want customers to taste.  I could not taste anything else but the black pepper.  The vegetables inside the soup were big, very big.  I had no idea why they didn't cut them up. It would have been more presentable.
Chicken Pad Thai: The amount of chicken they put in was very generous. It was cooked just right. However, the rice noodles itself was not dry enough and was too soft. There was not enough texture and I didn't taste tamarind in the Pad Thai.  It was just sweet.  After several bites, the noodles were really sweet. Pad Thai is not supposed to taste that sweet.
Dessert: I had the Thai donuts for dessert. That was really good. It was warm and soft. It came with a dip, which looks like condensed milk with some peanuts sprinkled on top. It was not too sweet but sweet enough to end the meal.
In conclusion, I was very full after finishing the lunch special. It was a good deal for the price.Wow- I used to LOVE this place.  I went to the one in point breeze all the time for years too; however I went last night to the No Libs location and they have changed the menu considerably.  It is now much more expensive and the service we got was TERRIBLE.  There weren't many in the restaurant and yet it took FOREVER to get our food...or anything else for that matter.  I have only written 1 other review on here-- so I hate to trash a place I used to love, but what a disappointment.  I hope that management checks these reviews and makes some adjustments!Great BYOB in the Northern Liberties area! I came here with a large group on a Saturday night, armed with a bottle of wine each. We had a reservation, and our table was ready for us when we arrived. The staff quickly brought out the wine glasses and uncorked our first bottle of choice. We ordered family style, and they were very accomodating of the two peanut allergies at the table (myself and one other friend). The highlights of the night were the pad see ew and green curry. We were able to choose our meat for each of the dishes; my favorite was actually their tofu! The atmosphere of Circles is modern and edgy, and the staff was very friendly. Great experience!When I first moved to Northern Liberties, I thought the neighborhood would be  perfect if only it had the following things:
1) a grocery store (then we got Superfresh!)
2) a non-ghetto liquor store (then we got a beautiful new Wine & Spirits shop!)
3) a Thai restaurant (then FINALLY we got Circles!)
Since its opening, I've dined in once and have gotten takeout once.  So far I've sampled the following: veggie spring rolls, veggie dumplings, pad see ew (with shrimp), pineapple fried rice and pumpkin curry (with tofu).  The food was very fresh and flavorful.  The pumpkin curry was a bit sweet for my liking, and the veg dumplings seemed too delicate, almost like the dough was a bit undercooked. Or maybe they're supposed to be that way...they were tasty anyway. 
On Friday they were crazy busy and service was very slow.  Servers were confused.  Food kept going out to the wrong tables. It seemed like we waited an eternity for our food.  When I went back to use the bathroom I could hear the servers & kitchen staff freaking out on each other.  On the night I called for takeout, the hostess seemed confused when taking my order.  First she had to check that they 'had the veg spring rolls today' which I thought was odd (isn't that a regular menu item?).  Then she told me it would be about 20 minutes, and that she'd call me when it was ready.  I also thought that part was odd.  After 30 minutes of not being called, I went over and my food was ready.  When I paid, I was told they were out of change (which was fine since my change would have been like 60 cents, but again it was odd).  
The space is beautiful but cramped.  I can't believe it's the same space as the ugly old 2nd Street Pizza. Once this place has been opened a little longer I think I'll be able to bump up my review to 4 or 5 stars, but they are still ironing out some kinks.I had the vegetable stir fry with the peanut sauce, and sauce is amazing! The best I've ever had. This place has a lot of options with a good serving size at reasonable prices.Do NOT order takeout. Be careful.  We placed an for two dishes and one was delivered wrong.  When I called they tried to convince me to accept a credit to the restaurant, instead of simply bringing the right food.  Then, after arguing they told me they would "try" and expedite the order to get it to us - and I had to asked repeatedly to give me a time estimate.  They finally promised it would be delivered in 15 minutes.  Almost 1 hour later they finally delivered.  I called while waiting to ask to speak with the Manager to see if he could help me, and he refused my call!  
I've seen other bad reviews from this place similar to this.  Really, what kind of restaurant are you running?!
Definitely my last time giving them business.Stopped by to order some takeout. The pad thai was great!! Wonderful flavor and a perfect spice. Also so had the green papaya salad which had a great dressing. Will be back! Great prices and the staff was very polite.If this wasn't so expensive I would probably give it 5 stars, but it is a little on the pricey side for thai food. 
Everything I've had here has been really good, from the curries to the pad thai, to the stir fries (like shrimp cashew) and all of the appetizers. I recommend the Pumpkin Curry and the veggie pad thai (they add lots of veggies to their veggie dishes, its not just the absence of meat with noodles). 
Fresh seafood every time and super fresh stir fried veggies. 
plus its BYOB which makes it pretty cheap. 
The service has been great every time we've been (3 times).I have been a customer of Circles for years and their food has gradually gone downhill. The papaya salad keeps getting smaller and smaller. I ordered massaman curry this evening and not only was it a whopping $21 but there was literally not enough food for one person. The meat was supposed to be a whole hen, what we received was maybe half. Extremely expensive, very little food, and the food they give is sub par. Never ordering from here again.I ordered the Calamari Salad and a Coconut Juice for delivery that came to $20.52 and the delivery guy forgot to bring the juice. I had to call him for him to retrieve it from the store. For $20, the salad was small and disgusting. I'm not sure how you could ruin a salad but this place would win first place in a competition for terrible food. I'll never order from here again.Circles has redeemed itself time and time again.
I see a lot of people have had issues with delivery, but for me its always been fast and arrived as ordered. I have decided, though, that noodle dishes are best ordered in house, otherwise they'll be a little overcooked from the steam in the take out container.
I've tried a good many things on the menu, but I always come back to pumpkin curry. For anything, always order one spice level lower than you normally would. This food is HOT. They'll give you extra spice on the side if you ask for it.
On my last visit, I took two friends who had never had Thai food. They loved everything, and one of my friends kept saying "I can't wait to eat my leftovers later tonight." Unfortunately, I made the mistake of giving my leftovers to my boyfriend, and I instantly regretted it.
I like the atmosphere of the restaurant. Its intimate enough for a date, but not so much so that it is awkward to eat with a group of friends. The service is good, water glasses were always filled (important when eating spicy food), and dirty plates were not left on the table for long.  The only negative thing is that the restroom is located in the back, near the kitchen. If there are delivery guys waiting for their food, you'll have to squeeze by them. The restroom itself is clean though.
Okay people, this is me telling you to give Circles another shot. If you don't, you're missing out.Wow! This restaurant definitely hit the spot for me. Pad Thai and Pad Woonsen (glass noodles) were my favorites. There is an option to choose seitan as your protein option for vegetarians, yay! Portions are larger, most of us did not finish our dishes. Thai tea available to order, not too sweet. BYOB with glasses available to pour drinks into. My party of 8 arrived early on a Saturday evening and was seated promptly. But the restaurant was quickly packed within minutes afterwards. Never felt rushed to leave though. Great service. Will be back!We ordered food for delivery from grub hub from this place. After 2 hours and 40 min and several phone calls to both grub hub and this restaurant ... I was told very unapologetically by the restaurant that they didn't see the order and never made it ( after they told grub hub it had already been delivered ). Their food is pricey but decent , to bad I will never order from here again.I went to this place the other night with my friend for her birthday.  She absolutely adores Thai food and heard about this restaurant from a friend.  We were able to walk right in without a reservation and get a seat by the wall.  It wasn't that busy when we first got there but it picked up near the middle of our dinner.  The atmosphere was great, we loved the art all over the room and the setting for the table was very nice.
Our server was Josh (Hey Josh, you rock!) and he was incredibly helpful.  He recommended the Pumpkin Curry for my friend (who's vegan/gluten free) and the Southern Islam Massaman Curry for me.  They were both absolutely delectable and I hate tofu stuff.  He was spot on.  I also had the Chicken Satay for an appetizer and it was really good, only I wish their was more peanut sauce.
I talked to Josh while my friend was out of the room about bringing a mango sorbet after dinner and he lived up to it.  She was really surprised and this place is just amazing.  The pricing is reasonable, especially considering the quality of the food.
As this is only my first time here, I'm only reviewing on this single time.  I will be going back, hopefully with my daughter, and I expect the same excellent service and food.  Check this place out.Great service, Tasty Thai cuisine and BYOB. If you read my reviews you know that I love BYOB restaurants. Usually it means that the focus is on the food in the kitchen and at  Circles every dish is prepared well!  
I love spicy food and enjoy traditional Thai food but the first time I was at Circles I was unsure of how to order.  I went with 'Medium' spice for my Red Curry. It was the right amount of heat in the dish You can also select . All Curry dishes come with the choice of adding beef, shrimp, chicken, tofo or seitain. You can also select either white or brown rice. I went with chicken and brown rice for the bowl of Red Curry. 
The portions were very generous for the value of the meal.  I tried my friends tofo yellow curry and really liked it also! 
Appetizer- Spring Rolls  - These were not something I would order but my friend selected them to share for the table. They tasted OK but fried food is not my think. They were filled with cabbage and carrots. Next time I'm trying the summer rolls because they looked really good being served at a nearby table. Summer rolls are also vegetarian but a bit healthier because instead of them being rolled in fried dough they have a rice paper wrapper. 
I'm excited to dine at Circles again soon!I've been here a couple of times and loved it each time. Pumpkin curry and pad thai is my favorite. Their appetizers are good too. I had the spring roll thing, coconut soup, and fried banana. Delicious.This place automatically gets a bonus star for understanding vegan. It's not my favorite Thai in the city, because red curry is my favorite Thai dish and I prefer other versions, but they actually write the words "vegan" and "seitan" on the menu. 
At my usual spots, they're not clear about it on the menu so it took double checking + I always have to say things like "Can I get the red curry, but add mock duck to it?" since it's not listed as an option on that item but is for others.
So Circles makes me feel like a regular customer ordering off the menu and not someone coming in making weird substitutes possibly lost in translation.
In my experience, the service is excellent and the dining room experience is one of the better ones, even when dining solo (but it is understandably busier than my usual haunts.)
Since my benchmark dish is red curry with seitan and/or tofu, it's easy to make comparisons. Circles is one of the heavier varieties in this category. I feel like they use more coconut milk and reduce it longer. It almost feels too rich like an Indian dish - the other places I go to have much more diluted, lighter red curries. But that's just my preference and you may prefer it heavier. Circles version also seems heavier on the salt than the others I go to, probably due to reduction. Circles also has minimal veggies in their curry. Broccoli & carrots would make a nice addition. These aren't dealbreakers though. Circles has *way* more dishes I can choose from and so, to be fair, I don't need to get red curry here. I can get that elsewhere and get other interesting vegan things here I can't get at other Thai restaurants.
I would probably pick Circles over any other Thai restaurant for a date night.This was my second visit.  Excellent food. We shared summer rolls, pineapple fried rice, crab dumplings... With a bottle of bubbly... It is a BYOB. All delicious.  Nice atmosphere. Polite and proactive service.My fiance and i were very happy to finally have thai in the neighborhood.  Solid food, decent prices, good service.  Will definitely return to try more items on the menu.  The lemongrass soup was delicious.   My fiance had pineapple curry which was also great!My to go dish at a Thai restaurant is pad Thai. You can never go wrong with pad Thai. I really like the fact that the waitress asks you what level of spice you would prefer. Apart from the main dish, I also ordered summer rolls and satay as appetizers. I really enjoyed the food here. All of the dishes turned out to be pretty delicious.Circles has good food most of the time.  The service is good most of the time.  Better to go on the earlier side - as it gets busy service gets slow...Excellent Pumpkin Curry and Tofu Pahd Thai.This place was a disaster. I ordered takeout from them on grub hub and it was so hot I could not even eat it! The worst part is I love spicy food! Three apps and 3 entrees cost me over $75.00! I figured for that kind of money this place would be fantastic. Apparently not! The cheesesteak spring rolls were fantastic, but once I got to my meal I thought I was going to have to call the fire department. Needless to say, I will never order from them again.Great pad thai and cashew stirfry!!! Perfect portions and amount of spice. three of us got an appetizer and two entrees and it was amazing. cant wait to be back and try moreGreat food but DO NOT order online for delivery. Last 2 times placing online order and asking for 7pm delivery we had to call at 7:15 and they were very confused about the order being placed. The food didn't come til after 8:15 on either occasion. 
Like I said.. Food is great, but call!We get take out from Circles in South Philly -- the food is delicious and reasonably priced. When we heard there was one in No Libs we figured we should check it out. Our reserved table was waiting for us when we arrived, the staff was friendly and knowledgeable about the menu, and the space was modern and romantic. The fact that it's byob makes it an especially great value, and there were no restrictions on the Living Social deal (other than the expiration date!). My only suggestion would be to order one spice level below your norm. Both my boyfriend and I were a little surprised by the spiciness of the food, though it didn't take away from the great taste.I was very excited when I heard Circles was opening another location in Northern Liberties, since I was already a fan of the South Philly location. I have eaten at the NoLibs location several times now and it is still my favorite Thai spot in the city. So far I've had the Pad Thai, Pad Kee Mow (Drunken Noodles), and Panang Curry. All were delicious, perfect portion sizes, perfect spicy/sweet balance. The manager has done a great job with the new restaurant and the staff are always attentive and professional. Everything you would expect from Circles.Circles, is delicious really the best in the city.  But I will let you know just so you dont make the same mistake... make a reservation.  I went there on a Friday with my fiance around 6:30.  There were two tables with patrons the rest were open.  As we waited for the hostess, a short man asked if we had a reservation.  We said no, and he said oh no 30 minute wait, we have a lot of two tops coming in.  so we left, and I pulled out my phone and open table and low and behold, there were available reservations for 2 at 6:30, 6:45, 7 and so on.  I should have made one and and gone back in.  Instead we went to the thai place at liberties walk which is also pretty goodlove their peanut sauce. I got the Thai peanut noodles with a medium spice level which was good and not too spicy. I also LOVE their thai tea which is not way too sweet. I would def go back the people who work there are great! Would def go back!!This review is for delivery only. I placed my order around 7:30 pm on a Friday and didn't expect it for an hour at least, so I was very pleasantly surprised when it arrived at 8 pm, hot from the kitchen. I had the drunken noodles and the bf had pineapple fried rice. We both ordered "medium" spice - I could probably go up to "hot", but never Thai hot. Will be ordering from here again soon.The food is good. I have ordered from here many many times and have always been pleased. I am giving three stars because it is a tuesday afternoon and I ordered one salad and a stir fry...it has now been over TWO HOURS and still no food. When I called a half hour ago the guy responded with "Yup i see your order and our driver has it and he is driving all over the city right now...you should get it soon". I will not be ordering again. By the time i get my two hour old salad I'm sure it will be going straight into the trash.Great food and fast delivery too. They're also very accommodating to our vegan ordering. Very happy!Ordered online... Food took an hour and half to get deliver. I have ordered at plenty of Thai restaurant and all the prices are about the same but this place is a total rip off. I paid $15 for Laarp and it's about two teaspoon of food and everything is literally in small portion. It's one of worst place. I'm sorry but if I had known that I paid for this amount Of food and for it to taste nasty, I would've never ordered from them. Don't get me wrong, great food can be pricey but price and food does not match. I don't normally do this but I am honestly upset. This is will my first and last getting food from this place.Just walked in on a Thursday night at 7:30pm and ordered take out. I only had to wait 10 minutes for my delicious $14 chicken/vegetable stir fry. I asked for medium spicy and it was perfect. However, if you don't handle spice well, then get non-spicy because even the medium is on the hot side.  
I will definitely come back for a sit down BYOB dinner!If you're craving Thai but don't want to treck all the way to Chinatown, Circles is a good alternative. A contemporary Thai restaurant with a mix of traditional and modern options. Prices are slightly on the pricier side, but the food is DELICIOUS. Great date spot. 
Let me start by saying that I love pad Thai and have ordered this staple dish at many restaurants. However, the pad Thai here may have just become my new favorite. The difference? The noodles! I have no idea what kind they used but the texture and chewiness set it apart from any other place I've been to so far. The Thai rolls are a good alternative to the typical spring rolls, and the papaya salad was well seasoned and served in the very mortar (that I'm assuming) it was mixed in. A+ on presentation! 
The only reason I can't give 5 stars though was the food wait time. It was a Thursday night and there was only one other table of 2 in the restaurant. It didn't take long for our appetizer to come out after ordering (approx 10mins), but then it took at least another 25mins for our main courses. I'd hate to come here on a weekend, but then again, I could've just caught them on an off day. 
There was also the fact that because there was no one around, the wait staff didn't have much to do ... except stare at my friend and me the entire length of our meal. Let's just say it's a bit freaky being watched by multiple people while shoveling food into your mouth. On the positive side, our glasses were filled immediately and plates promptly taken away lol. 
Maybe I'll get a seat further from the kitchen next time.So I wanted pad Thai and was too lazy to leave my house to get it, so grubhub led me back to Circles.  I must say this experience was better than the last. The pad Thai was fantastic.  I ordered mine with beef and it was perfect.  I also tried the tofu corn fritters which were delicious.  I've never tried anything like them before but they were great. The soup was just ok...it was kinda bland and next time I'd skip it.  
The prices are still way too much.  $5 delivery charge? Srsly?Absolutely horrible customer service - if you are even able to reach someone on the phone. On multiple occasions, my delivery has taken over an hour. My most recent order took 1 hour and 55 minutes to arrive. Keep in mind, they told me on the phone 20 minutes. 
I tried calling multiple times to check up on my order and either couldn't get through (goes right to voicemail, which is full) or was placed on hold for 10 minutes at a time. 
Don't get me wrong, the food is good, but I've had it with this place. I will no longer be giving Circles my money. I can't, in good conscious, support a place that cares so little about their customers.As soon as this place opened I started hearing fantastic reviews and could not wait to try it out myself.
I placed an order for pick up and I was positively surprised when i walked into the restaurant. I must have been looking at pictures of their other location online, because this one is so much better. It is cozy, brand new and pretty. 
I tried the Spring Rolls, the Dumplings, and the Crab meat Pad Thai - which was truly unbelievable. Each dish tasted fresh and delicious. 
Overall this place is definitely an amazing spot to have in the neighborhood and I'll be eating there quite a lot!Food is great, but they're delivery through Grub Hub is terrible.  I've ordered delivery about 4 times with them and every single time it's taken 1.5 hours.  I keep thinking it can't possibly be that late next time and they keep disappointing me.  I'd do pick up, but will never order delivery again.My first visit to Circles based on my daughter's recommendation. I was not disappointed.  I'm vegan and love Thai.  They were very accommodating to our requests.  Lemon grass soup was very flavorful with a little kick; Summer rolls were huge, crispy and made perfect with the dipping sauce. Thai red curry w Tofu is my test dish and this was one of the best I've ever had--creamy rich curry flavors.  I almost always ask for hot, but ordered medium and it was hot enough!  Pad Kaprow (Tofu) was also good -- perfectly cooked. No corkage fee for our beer!  Server was nice and got everything out just right otherwise pretty much left us alone. The setting was gorgeous and relaxing.Ordered takeout from here recently (basil rice dish), came to my house super fast and was still hot and delicious. Very pleased, I might try to stop in one of these days for the full experience.If you read the article in Philly.com/clean plates you would know this place should just be shut down.I used to think I didn't particularly care for Thai food; I had tried a number of dishes at some places in Center City.  Well, Circles is it.  Fresh ingredients.  A cacophony of flavors.
The signature dish, the Pad Thai, includes the noodles, sauces, spices, and vegetables that make each bite a delight.  My sister got the beef curry, and that was excellent as well.
The people complaining about delivery fees and so on don't get it.  This is top notch Thai, and the base prices for dine in are appropriate and reasonable given the high quality.My friend lives just up the street and it's nice that this place isn't closed on Tuesday. The coconut milk soup is why we come in and the tang balances out the sweetness nicely. My calamari salad was good and the duck salad my friend ordered was delicious. Bit heavy on the dressing so ask for them to go light on the sauce if you're like me.I've been looking forward to trying Circles for some time.  I was a little bit disappointed, but my expectations might have been a little too elevated.
I went with an old co-worker on a Wednesday night, and the restaurant had maybe 2 other tables that were filled.  We were seated at one table, then told we were seated in the wrong section and asked to move to another table (two away from where we were.) The whole thing was a little bizarre. I understand that servers have sections for which they are responsible, but I only saw one waitress the whole night... and the whole restaurant was empty.
I'm not that experienced/knowledgable of Thai food, but have always enjoyed it in the past.  I think i've done a good job of sampling different curries, noodle dishes, etc.  My co-worker and I tried the Pla Muk Yang as an appetizer (grilled baby octopus.)  When I ordered it an mispronounced it, I got a puzzled look from the waitress.  I then apologized and pointed to the item on the menu.  She corrected me and then nodded/sighed.. The whole thing seem dismissive and bizarre.  The dish itself was mediocre.  The octopus itself wasn't that flavorful, but the sauce that remained on the plate was.
For our entrees, we split the PAd See Ew with chicken, and some green curry (vegetables) and brown rice. Both dishes were delicious and extremely flavorful.  The Pad See ew was very spicy (I'm losing my spice edge apparently) - but the creaminess of the green curry was a nice counter. 
Between the appetizer being only okay, the service/attitude being a little bizarre, and the entrees being pretty good (I've had comparable dishes elsewhere) - I was a little let down.  The food was good, and I'd like to return to maybe try some of the more adventurous dishes.I ordered delivery from here tonight and honestly they started off on the right foot.  Not only was the driver early, the food was smoking hot.  Needless to say I was already impressed before I had taken a bite of food.  
I got the Crab Rangoons, Cheesesteak Spring Rolls, Pad Bamee with Beef, and some of the Fried S'mores Banana Spring Rolls.  I didn't have high expectations for any of the items.  This was my first time ordering so instead of being adventurous I figured these items would be solid despite the quality.  I'm from the South, if all else fails deep fry it and see what happens.
All of the dishes were great.  I wasn't expecting the curried cream cheese in the rangoons, and was pleasantly surprise when I took my first bite.  It was a twist I had not had before and paired well with the sweet sauce.  Both spring rolls had the right amount of filling for a good balance of flavor.  The Pad Bamee was good as well.
Overall, I had a really good experience.  I will definitely be ordering again, and will be dining in as well.I'm a little disappointed. The food wasn't bad, but it didn't live up to my experiences at the original location.
We got our usual, beef pad thai  and pumpkin curry with tofu, as well as an order of cheesesteak rolls.  The pad thai noodles were overcooked, and the flavor was a little off. Not bad, just different.  My pumpkin curry was more watery than I've had at the Tasker location, and the rice was not the same. The tofu in the curry, however, was just as delicious as I was expecting.  The cheesesteak rolls were good, but I think the ketchup sauce is just heinz mixed with some chili.
Delivery was super fast, I'm talking 20 minutes.
Is Circles NoLibs terrible? No. It just is not amazing as its South Philly counterpart. I would try other NoLibs Thai places before reordering from here.I will never order from this place ever again! We ordered at 8pm. We are still waiting for our food and it's 9:41pm. They are sO rude when we call to ask about the status of the order. Horrible experience!I had the Pad See Ew at the lowest spice level and it was perfect. It was my first time here so I wanted to start low and work my way up in the spices. I had a bad experience at another Thai restaurant that made me weary of their levels of heat. I also ordered Pad Thai for my wife to go, and she said that it was delicious. I ordered my meal under the lunch special so I also received soup (which was great) and an egg roll for only $8. Great deal. I'll be back there to try other meals. The place was cozy in terms of seating. There's one seating area. However, there were only two other groups served, so we had plenty of room. I took my baby equipped with stroller and it was not a problem at that time of day. Be aware that it closes for a period during the day. I didn't realize it, so it somewhat cut our experience short. We were finished with our food, and their kitchen was closed, but they still accommodated me and made my wife's meal to go. Thanks!Absolutely delicious, I've ordered 3 times in the last two weeks! I adore their curry, their pad thai is great, and the thai coconut milk soup is wonderful. The deliver promptly and there's no delivery charge, which is just icing on the cake.as stated before, i have a high bar for Thai food. Circles very nearly met it (that bar  shall forever be set by a little seaside Thai joint in Fairhaven, Mass).
Circles is a small, comfy BYOB in NorLibs with tasty, fresh food, nice, not overbearing decor, with attentive staff that serve drink and food with a lot of attention to detail.
we got thai ice tea, which came in two glasses with little carafes of simple syrup and cream, so you could sweeten and cream your tea to your preference, instead being served to you already mixed together, which is how it usually comes to the table. how charming and utterly brilliant!
the Tom Kha soup had a lovely, subtle, warming broth, although it was more oniony than i've ever had, and the mushrooms in it didn't seem cooked at all - almost like they were just dropped in the hot broth. 
my partner got red curry with brown rice (which had an amazing texture!), with the perfect amount of heat and crispy vegetables. the same could be said for my pad thai - i ordered it medium spicy, and it was pretty perfect (then again, i love spicy food, so it may be a little much for the average person). all the veggies and sprouts in the dish were crisp and al dente, and the noodles, while saucy, were not drowning in grease. five generous-sized shrimp. elegantly plated. love!So about a month ago, I used to order from Circles once a week. I loved how delicious the food was and how affordable the prices were. I am disappointed to report, that not only have they taken off my favorite item - the pork spring rolls, but they have also increased the prices, from $10 for chicken fried rice to $15 and gotten rid of several other items! What used to be a casual, neighborhood gem is now 'gentrifying' as they say. Keep your prices and food the same and you won't lose customers!
I don't know Circles, I may have to find a new neighborhood Thai restaurant.I used to be a fan, but sadly have made my last order...the food quality has gone down while the prices keep going up?! It has now been 2 different orders with some of the blandest Thai food I have ever tasted. Not to mention a side of peanut sauce went from $1 to $3?! I was OK paying that and asked if it was a reasonable portion cause last time I ordered I received a half full SMALL side sauce container. The person over the phone said you would absolutely receive plenty for 3 dollars. Really?!? I have again received a NOT full SMALL to go container, maybe an ounce, possibly two?! It's a shame..I will have to continue to travel south of Market Street for any delicious Thai food worth the money.came here last night for dinner with a friend and had a solid experience. (after many solid delivery experiences as well)
the cheesesteak rolls are so delicious as is the crab rangoon. i could actually probably just make a meal out of the appetizers they offer. 
i got the pad thai and my friend got the pad kee mow (drunken noodle). both of us enjoyed our dishes and would definitely be back when craving thai!Took my parents here this weekend because they've never had Thai. Our server was excellent and helped my dad find a not-too-spicy option, answered a lot of menu questions, and made recommendations for my mom. I had the summer rolls with tofu and pad kaprow, which was all very good. The brown rice is delicious. 
So: the food was good, the parents were happy, and the service was really really really great.Ordered food. Estimated time of delivery was an hour and a half and then the food never showed up. Never again.Ordered take out... the chicken wings were raw inside.  Called the store to rectify the issue, the lady's English wasn't that good and I had to say everything three times before she got it.  Then halfway through the lady put me on hold for 5 minutes.  Another woman picked up the phone, this time fluent in English, I explained to her my situation and she quickly moved to get another order out to me.
After waiting another hour... the wings never came (now 2 hours after original order time), I called and asked them for the store credit instead.
Serving raw chicken is absolutely unacceptable, no one wants to get salmonella on a $8 appetizer.  For that reason I give it 1 start (lowest).We ordered takeout last week and they took two hours to deliver. I was excited for the rangoons and philly cheesesteak rolls but they were cold by the time they got to my apartment. The pad thai was mediocre. I think I was more concerned about the delivery time and the temperature of the food. My recommendation is to eat in and hopefully you have a better experience than me.My first time coming here and the atmosphere was just perfect for a quiet dinner with my daughter. She's talked about this place many times so when I came to visit her she took me here. We ordered the vegetarian dumplings the summer rolls and one of the curry dishes. Everything was outstanding. Can't wait to come again when I'm back up in PhiladelphiaI just waited for 2 hours for a delivery that I ended up cancelling because it was going on THREE hours.  Very very disappointed.I constantly get delivery from Circles.  Nothing on this menu is worth eating but the curry.  The pineapple curry is by far my favorite.  I remember the night I decided to try it - I had just gotten back from Hawaii and wasn't ready to feel like I was back in Philly.  What better way to express my denial than with the tropical pineapple?
From the first bite I was in love.  The fresh sweetness of the pineapple contrasting with the spiceness of those mysterious Thai curry herbs made me feel like I was in a tropical boat off paradise island.  Well, not exactly, but it was a delicious meal.Good pad thai - medium is definitely spice so id watch out for that.
Biggest downside was 1+ wait for deliveryI don't think it's a stretch to say that this is the best Thai restaurant in Philadelphia.  Circles is elegant and delicious while still staying low-key and affordable.  BYOB.  You have to try the vegetarian cheesesteak eggrolls -- c'mon, you're in Philly!  The vegetarian dumplings are also amazing.  Be warned: this may be the only restaurant that isn't kidding when they refer to things as spicy!  I usually feel underwhelmed when I ask for my food to have a little heat, but never at Circles.  If you don't want really spicy food, err on the side of caution and ask for your meal to be mild.Update - several months later, I am still happy with Circles. I've been there about three or four times since my first review, and have ordered takeout and delivery an average of once a month.
I've seen some negative reviews here, based on slow delivery or problems with take-out. For what it's worth, I've never had such a problem. Every time I call for take-out I am told about 30 minutes, and when I arrive my food is ready, or I have to wait about 5 minutes for it.
For delivery, the times are reasonable, about 30-35 minutes. I will say, though, that many of the appetizers - which use raw rice-paper wrappers, or fried or steamed wrappers - are not as warm and fresh when delivered as they are when I pick them up myself and rush right home. So the nature of this food is such that I recommend take-out, or else I recommend being careful about which apps you order if you're getting delivery. The soups and entrees always get delivered in great shape.
Still thrilled to have Circles in Northern Liberties, so close to my home!My first time trying Thai food and I must say I loved it . The dining area was very dim and romantic . Very relaxing vibe , the food was bold and delicious . I love it I would eat here again I loved the food and the staff was very nice and the place was very clean .Another vegan friendly restaurant in the city with really delicious options. My favorites are the seitan pad thai (get it as hot as you can handle) and the panang curry. They're just as good as any non-vegan version I've ever had and you won't feel like you're eating a vegan dish. 
I only deducted one star because the service could uses some work. Even on days when the restaurant is slow the service kinda lags.Had a wonderful dinner back in September 2015. We brought wine with us, there's a wine/spirit shop down the street. They were great to speak to for recommendations of spice level and didn't make us feel rushed to leave. Would come here again.Ordered delivery from here for the first time. Lemongrass soup, chicken pad se ew,  and papaya salad.  Everything was overly salty and not spicy.  The lemongrass soup had so much onions thinly sliced that it felt like I was scooping and slurping Onion Lemongrass  Soup.  The papaya salad was disappointing it was like someone doused it with fish sauce and left it as is. Pad se ew had no balance,  noodles and lack there of were all mushy and too much chicken yes there is a thing as too much . I was kind of disappointed over-all for the price of delivery.  When you hear a restaurant named Circle you would expect well balanced flavors and ingredients and the dish to be superb. Maybe will try dining in at a future date ....I am definitely a fan of Circles. I've never really had delivery access to Thai food before but now that I am in Northern Liberties this place is a great option for a lazy day. 
I really like their Pad Thai with seitan (my favorite alternative meat). It's really delicious and hits the spot! My boyfriend really enjoys getting their Pineapple Fried Rice. It has raisins in it which I think is strange but delicious! They are pretty quick to deliver but that might be cause I live two blocks away.
The biggest problem I have with them is that the last time I ordered, the mixed up our dumplings - we wanted veggie but got some type of meat dumpling. I don't think I will try ordering dumplings again (even though the first time I had them they were delicious). 
Overall, it's a solid establishment and I will definitely order again.My husband and I used to order from them all the time, but then we realized that they have been ripping us off, charging us higher prices than what is listed on their menu.  They jacked up their prices, fine, but if we order items that claim to cost one price and then they take it upon themselves to charge a HIGHER price AND decrease their portions? NOT COOL.  This is simply poor business practice and we will not be giving them our money anymore.
Yes, their food is good, but who cares? We can prep our own Thai dishes at home and they are just as good. Prepping Thai food isn't rocket science.First time dinning in with my friend at this location. The ambience is contemporary and beautiful. The service was good.
Let's get to the food. Ordered the thai tea. thought it was bland but realized the two separate small pourers were simple syrup and half and half. would have been nice if that was explained. The seafood woonsen was very good. Mussels, calamari, scallop and shrimp were very fresh. The noodles were cooked perfectly. A nice appetizer to start with. My friend got the phad Kee mow. She said it was good. I ordered the laab beef. I got the sticky rice basket and immediately opened it and scooped out some. Tried it. But found it was sweet coconut rice which is for dessert. The laab had a piece of hair in it. Was immediately returned and order the crab fried rice. This was delicious. For dessert we thought we ordered the egg custard and coconut rice but got the little coconut custard bowls instead. It was good but its the frozen stuff you can buy in the supermarket and steam yourself.
For me I gave this place a four star because the food was good, the ambience is beautiful and the service was good. I would just tweak a few small things. Like introducing waiter or waitress name. Lower the music alittle... So you can hear the order. Lol. I'm super familiar with Thai food and was born there... It's nice to see restaurants alittle more upscale and flavorful. I personally like the South Philly take-out. My food there comes out perfect each time, I have ordered.The best Thai I've found in Philly.  Try the crab rangoon, cheesesteak rolls, and pumpkin curry.  All three are freakin' delicious.Circles has always been one of my "go-to"s. It's BYOB (conveniently across from the Foodery), has quick service, tasty food, and I can normally get in without a reservation. If I left this review a few months ago, I would have given them a solid five stars. Price was always right, food was always phenomenal, and I always left satisfied.
Last night, I went again. My normal appetizer (tofu summer rolls) was no longer on the menu. Instead, it was replaced with shrimp summer rolls (I don't eat seafood, so this was not appealing to me...). Actually, I noticed a few things weren't on the menu. No biggie- I ordered something else that I know I like: chicken satay. It was delicious, but it used to come with a side dish of peanut sauce and now only has a smear across the bottom. Again, not a huge deal, but a little disappointing. I do want to point out, however, that they brought us over a complimentary sample of a new spring roll they are going to add to the menu, one with avocado. It was very good, but wasn't listed on the menu.
For an entree, I had the red curry with chicken and my boyfriend had the pad thai with chicken. We both had slightly special orders- mine without bamboo, his without sprouts. However, they both came out perfectly. Seriously- their pad thai is one of the best in the city and the curry is absolutely delicious. The only thing, the dishes were about $3 more than when I last ate there (only about two months ago), yet I didn't see a change in the portion size or quality. 
Once we got out check, they also brought us out a complimentary dessert: rice pudding with these little cinnamon sticks that tasted a little bit like churros. I wouldn't have normally ordered it, but it was very good. It was sweet, hot/cold, and had a little spice to it. I'd be tempted to order it next time I go.
Regardless, I will be returning. I really hope they change a couple things back  on the menu, but the staff and the food are great, so I'll continue to frequent Circles and recommend it to my friends.I ordered from this restaurant through ubereats. I ordered pad kaprow stir fry with chicken and brown rice and pad kee mow with chicken. Instead of getting pad kee mow, they gave me pad see ew. I'm not mad though because it was so good! Both dishes were delicious, but the noodles from the pad see ew were perfect. I'll definitely order from here again. I look forward to trying the seitan and tofu.This is my first review on yelp, not because the food was amazing, but because it was the other way around. My pad Thai noodles were below my exceptions, and in general we were left with unsatisfied and sad feelings. The delivery time was one and half hours, not lighting. With the quality food we got...if yelp had a negative star option, I would've chosen it. Unfortunately, yelp doesn't has that option 
Btw, my friend did enjoy his curry dishHot actually means hot! I've been so disappointed by other places, but this place nails the heat index. Good food and delivered on time.Food is good; prices are totally fair. They are definitely conscientiousness of  dietary restrictions and include tofu and seitan options on the menu for almost every dish.  Substitutions are handled with grace.. they even offer Thai iced coffee with soy milk, which is my vegan dream come true!  Spiciness level is totally customization (although it is said that they tend to run on the HOT side).  Cute interior and take-out friendly.  I'm late reviewing this, but have really been enjoying it a lot :-)Craving some real Thai food in Philly, came here on a Saturday night around 6pm. No wait. The area is nice, there's was a bowling alley nearby. Parking right outside, partially easy to find.
This is a legit Thai place. Their spicy scale goes from Mild, Medium, Hot to Thai Hot. I initially ordered Medium for all of our orders. But when my lemon grass soup came out, it was burning like a hot furnace. My korean friend, who can tolerate heat better than me even agreed it was literally kickin'. I felt my stomach churning after couple of spoonfuls. I couldn't finish the soup (more like barely touched it) and we both had to change our order to Mild. You can laugh, but I wouldn't until you try it out for yourself. Because it literally was crazy spicy!
We ordered pan fried dumplings and summer shrimp rolls (the only non-fried roll) for appetizer. They give you a choice between pan fried or boiled dumplings, and all dumpling lovers know pan fried is always the way to go. I definitely enjoyed the dumplings more than the summer rolls. I expected more from the sauce. Ironically something with a little kick, it was a simple sweet sauce with some crushed peanuts, if they add tangy/spiciness to it, it will give more dimension to the plain rolls. 
Besides the appetizer, I really enjoyed my Pad See Ew & Cashew Stir Fry. The sauce for the entrees were exactly what I expected from a good Thai place. 
I definitely recommend this place to all Thai food lovers who LOVES the heat! 
I am coming back with my friends who complains that the foods are never spicy enough for them... um let's see what you have to say now. 
This is also a great place for Vegans.It's cool to have a decent Thai place that delivers, but my enthusiasm for this place has cooled a lot since they opened.  The food is all pretty decent but mostly nothing to write home about.  The prices are average.  I think there are plenty of better Thai places in town with comparable or even cheaper prices.  This one is close to me and delivers, so I'll be back sometimes.
My favorite thing I've had here is the crab fried rice.  The pad thai was just okay.After visiting Thailand I have been on a hunt for authentic Thai. That hunt has ended at Circles. I've only been here once and after I go back and try more dishes I'm sure I'll award it 5 stars. Pumpkin curry is out of this world! I highly recommend and you will not be disappointed!Someone told me this place had closed down, sadly this was not the case and I had the misfortune of eating takeout from here last week. After the rage subsided I took some personal time to temper my abject hatred and have generously given two stars here. This place hits for a trifecta: Bad food, Overpriced, Poor takeout packaging.
Two different dishes featured chewy/sinewy meat, both Chicken and Beef, bordering on inedible. SURVEY SAYS.....NO! Also got one of their "Specialty" curries. For the bargain basement price of $18 the best part of this dish was the hearty laugh I had when I opened the container. Looked like someone just stopped and gave up halfway through. Flavor was passable but the vegetables weren't prepped and there was exactly one large piece of whole chicken parts in the dish. Always fun to cut a huge chunk of meat with a flimsy plastic knife; you get what you pay for? Nope.
These people are just phoning it in since there isn't much competition in the neighborhood. Might be some shenanigans going on, Philly Mag suggests the founder may have fled the country recently, search for "Where the Hell Is Circles Thai Founder Alex Boonphaya?" Can someone step up and sell me some good Thai food? I'll take it from a food truck or the back of a donkey. Anything?? Seriously, get at me.
JCTSFR: 8.31I am an avid Thai foodie and have many great dishes from this spot but the last two times that I placed an order for pick up left me with a real chapped a$$! When placing my order I stressed multiple times that I wanted my pad see ew without vegetables. My receipts even said no vegetables but when opening the containers it looked like a someone dumped freshly cut grass on it. All types of crazy sheeeeet!! That is my only complaint.This place has the worst delivery/customer service I have ever experienced in Philly. 
Despite all the similar, negative reviews, I called circles and placed an order at 550pm. It was 710pm when I received a call from the driver stating he was at my place (one hour and twenty minutes after order was placed). 
But there's more. It turns out the driver was at the wrong address altogether. I called the restaurant (now the third time this evening) and, after asking them to cancel my order, was put on hold for a few more minutes to talk to the manager... when the girl gets back on the phone, she asks me to hold on more because I'm still looking for my manager
Why? Because only the manager can cancel orders. 
Not to try to make up for taking over 90 minutes to cook/deliver noodles to the wrong address... 
Do not order from this place. It's not worth it.I was a big Circles fan before they came to Northern Liberties so was very excited to check out their new location. I arrived when there was no one there but it certainly filled up quickly around dinner time. 
The service was very friendly and courteous. I was complimented on my power rangers shirt which gave the waiter major points in my book. Our waters were filled constantly. Our orders were taken right away. Good service!
Everyone has to get those cheesesteak spring rolls. I hate wasting money on appetizers but those are one of the few appetizers worthy of the appetizer portion/price ratio drop off. 
My friend ordered the seitan burrito which was amazing. I need that again. I got Massaman Curry which is pretty much my staple at Thai places. Circles really is the best at spice. It is hot but sweet at the same time and really hits that perfect level between the two. The peanut flavor was excellent. The texture was amazing. 
I would have given it five stars but a second visit a day later (that's how good it was) was not as good. I ordered Massaman that second time and it was completely watery. Very disappointing. I've had Circles six times and that was the only time it flopped on me so I would not worry about it but I hope no one would have that as their first experience of the curry.Dining here was a last minute decision since we were already in the neighborhood.  The place was quite busy but we were seated immediately.  Sadly we didn't get service started until about 10 minutes after.  I hate having to put in my order all at once: drinks, app, and entree.  The hostess/waitress were pushing the mocktail menu.  We bought in trying out the Siam Flip and the G & T.  My Siam Flip tasted just like a thai ice tea, surprisingly it contained an egg.  The bf's drink was too sour for my liking.  I ordered the grilled octopus and some pieces were just too chewy to consume.  I had to spit out pieces.  The bf had chicken lemongrass soup.  He ordered the chicken pad see-ew.  I tried it and it was different from others we had tried out before.  It had and overwhelming flavors of sweet peanut sauce.  Okay so i had my mind set on ordering curry and it was a toss up between the pumpkin and the Geang Lueng.  I went with the latter.  Mind you the waitress did  warn me this would be spicy.  Boy oh boy, I should've listened to her.  It was unbearable for me.  I stuck with it and ate as much as i could but gave up easily.  This was the spiciest curry i've ever had.  Lesson definitely learned!We had been threatening to come here since it opened in NoLibs and just hadn't gotten around to it yet.  But then my fiance's sister suggested Circles for her birthday dinner this past Saturday, we jumped at the opportunity to sample what I have heard is some great Thai cuisine.  What we ended up getting was not great, it was absolutely AMAZING!
We had forgotten that Circles is BYOB but no matter; my fiance made a quick stroll across the street to the The Foodery to get us a couple beers to drink with our meal.  Service was attentive despite the business and our waters were refilled every time they were getting low.
We started dinner with the crab rangoon and the cheesesteak spring roll.  The spring rolls were definitely ok but the crab rangoon was the best I've ever experienced here in Philly.  And yes, this means that the crab wontons at The Latest Dish have been unseated as my favorite appetizer ever (sorry Dish, still love you guys).  The seasoned curry cream cheese just amped these tasty little crab packets to a whole new level of amazing.  So so creamy and so good.
For dinner, my soon to be sister-in-law had the Massaman curry (medium spicy level) while my fiance and myself shared the salmon pad thai (mild spicy level).  Pad thai is something you can have at a lot of different places and it is almost always decent.  This pad thai was glorious.  A lot of this has to do with the fact the salmon was cooked to perfection.  It was little details like this that heighten the experience in this darkly lit, beautifully designed little restaurant in NoLibs.  The massaman curry had a slow build to its' heat level but was delicious nonetheless.  Portions were just the right size for sharing.
We highly enjoyed our meal at Circles and cannot wait to visit again.  I may have to stop in soon just to pick up some crab rangoon for a take home snack!I got their red curry and they offer options on the heat.  I chose the hottest (Thai Hot) and it was outstanding!  Hot almost to the point of getting a runny nose, but with all of the flavor that you'd expect out of it.  Really, a fantastic dish.  And it was large enough that I had leftovers for the next day.  Plus, when they were packing it up for me, the waitress gave me some extra rice so that I could have a full meal.  Great service!
The only downside was that their LevelUp wasn't working, and I like to use that whenever I can.  They've probably worked out the issue by now, though.I was looking to find a restaurant for my partner and I to get together with another couple. I was encouraged by the positive reviews I read for the new Circles restaurant in Northern Liberties. Much to my delight, it was GREAT!! My pumpkin curry was DELICIOUS, along with the summer and spring rolls. The ambiance was cute inside, the waitstaff were all attentive and friendly, and the meals were surprisingly very reasonable. The only downside is how LOUD it was inside when the restaurant was full...sorta felt like I was at a bar yelling to my friends. Fortunately, midway during our dinner the restaurant cleared out some so that our conversations could continue without shouting across the table. Overall, this restaurant is a winner and I intend to return (hopefully soon!! ;-)Circles in Northern Liberties is a great foodie-high place.Everything is perfect. The restaurant is a feng-shui wet dream--everything from the tables to the lighting to the colors to the artwork to the candles is perfect. The hostess station is spotless, and I know if I went into the kitchen it would be spotless too. The restaurant itself is calming, aesthetic, and romantic. The service is impeccable, the food is outstanding, the prices and portions are perfectly balanced. 
I've eaten there twice and got carry-out once, and each time made me ridiculously happy. I've tasted almost everything on the menu at this point, and it's all so delicious. The ingredients are always fresh and artistically combined. Not one thing on the menu is a taste I've had before including the ketchup sauce that comes with the vegetarian cheesesteak rolls--they even spiced that up.
My carryout order had no problems whatsoever, so maybe some of the people who posted bad reviews for delivery timing had a different experience. At least if you are looking for a BYO restaurant to dine in or carryout, I can't imagine anyone except a troller who wouldn't give Circles a perfect score. I feel lucky to have them in my neighborhood.Came in here for dinner with a friend a week or two ago. We arrived pretty early, maybe shortly before 6pm. We were quickly seated and ordered an appetizer of spring rolls (which were [deep]fried) and an entree each. I forget what my friend had but my massaman curry with beef was superb. The beef was so tender, I often close my eyes and just keep re-imagining it.
I think our appetizer, two entrees and two Thai iced teas came out to around $40 before tip, which isn't too bad considering the high quality food.
The service was also great and attentive. When we first came in, I wondered why there seemed to be overstaffed for a Wednesday evening. I soon found out why -- by the time we left, the place was packed!Went here with a groupon and so glad i purchased it. The restaurant  was great we were 30 mins late for our 9 PM reservation and it was not a problem(i did call to tell them we were running late). The decor is very relaxing i would even say romantic. The food is great even though i got the mild and it had zero spice i learned my lesson for next time i will be sure to get the medium. The service is where lost a star our water wasn't filled and they just didn't check in on us at all. I will definitely go back.I just happened upon this place after an event at the Piazza at Schmidt's and stopped in.  Wow, wow, wow!  We were seated immediately (on a Saturday night at about 7:30).  The waitstaff was friendly and accomodating.  We got Thai teas, which come with half and half and simple syrup for flavoring.  It was delicious.  
We got Thai rolls for an appetizer, which was a little overcooked but still incredibly flavorful, aromatic, crunchy and tasty.  I got the Pad Mee (something--I can't remember the last word)...the wide pad noodles with beef and vegetables.  My friend got the cashew stir fry.  He said it tasted like spicy Chinese food, but not in a bad way.  My noodles were amazing.  The vegetables crunched in all the right places and were tender when they were supposed to be.  The beef was melt-in-your-mouth incredible.  It was so good.  If you're a fan of Thai, definitely check this place out.  If you aren't familiar with Thai, give this place a whirl--it's accessible both in attitude, price, and having an American-friendly menu.  Very, very good.Excellent as always. Strangely empty. Delicious papaya salad, pumpkin curry, and coconut soup. Sadly missing some of the old menu items. Otherwise terrific. Service has improved since last visit.
Update: They brought even more items on to the menu!!I don't write reviews.  This place was delicious and cheep.  Belieee dat.   Outside looks like sh*t.  Inside is very nice, but loud.  They fill your glass up with water too often.  Leave us alone!This place is solidly good.  The papaya salad is as flavorful as any I've had.  Unfortunately, no tom yum soup on the menu, and the lemongrass soup is not a satisfying substitute.  But the place is very clean and the staff is attentive.  I will definitely be back.Food is good and it is a BYOB. It recently came under new management though I believe  because last time I was there, it seemed a bit more disorganized. The thai rolls are fried and might be too much for some, so I suggest going with the summer rolls. The soups are a bit bland so forget those.The first time I ate at Circles was at the South Philly location two years ago. The food was solid (nothing special), but we were completely bowled over by the check, which came to close to $100 for two (husband and I). The pricing on the menu was really confusing, with up-charges for everything, and didn't match the pricing on the check. We stayed away for a long time and had a running joke every time we were surprised by a check at a restaurant: "Well, at least it's not Circles."
After one decent meal in the interim eating at the No. Libs location, we decided to order take out tonight because it's close to our home. One word: appalling. I ordered very simply: thai rolls, pad thai with chicken, kow soi curry with white rice. Husband brought our order home after a 1/2 hour, and we found NO pad thai, NO rice. 
Called them and was told - "very busy, come back to get the rest of your food in 1/2 an hour." NO attempt to speed up fixing the mistake, NO offer of a refund for even the missing part of our order. 
The food was fine as always, but I simply don't get the hype about this place. There are better places to get Thai all over the city which don't overcharge you or make you put up with truly awful service like Circles. 
Also - a warning about the kow soi for fans of this dish. I was excited to see it on the menu because it's hard to find, but it's not the rich, spicy curry noodle soup I thought I'd get. It's a whole braised chicken leg with rubbery skin in a small pool of curry. It comes with a tangle of fried noodles (the kind that comes with your soup in Americanized Chinese restaurants) and a tiny scattering of pickled greens. And the curry is  ... fine ... but the worst rendition I've had of this dish in the U.S. Yes you get a lot of flavorless chicken, but it is so disappointing, especially at $17.
Ugh.  Never, never again will I give this place my business.Charming Thai byob restaurant in the heart of NoLibs with terrific food and a very friendly wait staff. Highly recommend the crab rangoon appetizer. It's a fried dumpling served with crab meat, cream cheese, and sweet plum sauce. We ordered the salmon pad thai and pumpkin curry shrimp for our entrees. Both were great. Will definitely be back.Stopped by for lunch with some friends and had a great time! Circles has great food, reasonable prices, and nice servers. 
We shared some cheesesteak spring rolls. They were the best I've had so far: perfectly cheesy,  crunchy,  and came with some really tasty sweet chili sauce. I had the Pad Kee Mao (drunken noodles), which was delicious. The portions were pretty big - everyone had to get a box. You can choose the spiciness level, from mild,  medium,  hot,  and Thai hot. Mild has a reasonable kick, and no one at my table could handle hot for too long. 
Our server was nice, attentive, and was very patient when most of our party was late and indecisive. They added gratuity for our table of 6.I just left Circles and I could not be more disappointed. We were seated and 15 minutes later got up and walked out. Not once in that 15 minutes were we greeted, poured a glass of water, or even approached by a waiter or waitress. I have only had one other experience with circles - I ordered online and they "forgot" to deliver the order. I was given a $25 gift card at that time for the mess up which is why I tried to go there for dinner. I will not be going back or ordering from them again. Terrible service and experience.Fantastic food at reasonable prices, especially considering the generous portions. Great atmosphere for dates or small parties.My all time favorite thai place just went from 10 stars down to 2. I just spent 55 $ on food that used to be 40 $... took it home and began to eat. Has the food changed over the past two weeks? Pad thai extremely soggy and there are some strange looking things in the lemon grass and coconut soups. Also they removed the vegan chicken satay! What the hell circles!?!? I've been craving all day and now I am severely dissapointed. Not to mention 8pm on a Sunday night and I was the only soul in the restaurant. Hmmm...I was waiting for the day that a thai place showed up in Northern Liberties.  Not only is the food delicious, the service is great and so is the ambience.  Pumpkin curry, pineapple curry amazing.  An even bigger plus that it is BYOB.  Absolutely love it here.I finally figured this place out. They spend more on marketing than on their food and kitchen staff.  My takeaway: STEER CLEAR!!!!! 
I'll start out by saying I'm a Thai food fanatic. I'd heard good things about Circles in the press, and of course decided to try it out.  I've noticed it's always crowded, which is also usually a good sign.  First time, when a friend and I ordered a basic curry, it was OK, not spectacular, but I thought it was worth giving another try - PLUS they have delivery, and a very snazzy online ordering service, so we gave it another go. 
The first thing on our order, something that is normally yummy at ANY Thai restaurant I've been to, a crispy tofu appetizer, was abysmal. Instead of a nice succulent crust and tender insides, these were bland and rubbery. The dipping sauce tasted more like thick corn syrup than peanuts, and was certainly not fresh.  We left 2/3 of the order uneaten. 
Main dishes: 
We ordered one of the "chef recommendations", the Thai Burrito, which sounded kind of nice being that it was supposed to have grilled seitan -- which I love --  curry rice, and edamame puree (the latter was expected to be more of a condiment).  Sounds good, right? Well, it's a giant wrap filled with mush: Mostly extremely bland edamame puree (about 1/3 cup per half), then mushy rice, and then -- we had to open it up to find it -- a few shreds of seitan, only two in the half  we inspected.  This also got thrown back in the container after two bites. Yuck. 
Penang Curry should have been the sure bet. It was described as coming with peppers, snow peas, and carrots, and was charged two dollars each for added selections of tofu and extra vegetables.  Any time I order this at a normal Thai restaurant (*without* paying extra for vegetables) there is a decent amount of fresh mixed vegetables and tofu.   Opening the dish, it was disappointing to see it was mostly curry broth with *lots* of green peppers (the cheapest vegetable), about three small dices of red pepper floating about, some tiny carrot fragments, and three dry looking white blobs that we assumed was the tofu.  Certainly not the veggies or amount of tofu one normally gets with this dish, and I was hoping at least it would have some level of spice so we could enjoy a dinner of brown rice wetted by  curry sauce.   After the crappy tofu appetizer, I said, "Oh, great, lets see if this tofu is as bad," and picked one out with a chopstick and bit in. Well, turns out it was NOT tofu, it was chicken. I am a vegetarian, have been for 35+ years, so you can imagine my delight.  After running to the bathroom to rinse my mouth out (I'm still sick to my stomach) we called Circles and asked them to please come back and take their food (we dumped it in a bag).  At least they offered a refund, but not exactly the pleasant Saturday night Thai dinner we had in mind.  
I should note that even if the curry had been intended to be chicken, it would have been highly disappointing -- as mentioned, there were three hunks of that, and no real veggies outside of the green peppers. 
This was so bad that I reopened a Yelp account (I haven't reviewed in years) to write this out.  The thing that probably drives their business is their fairly active social media presence (and an inexplicable, alleged "best of" award from Philly Mag  in '12 -- what was that about?),  but it's clearly not the food, nor their customer service (WHAT reputable restaurant sickens customers by putting chicken in a vegetarian dish!?!?!?)  THE WORST. EVER.I've been to circles a couple of times and each time was a worst experience. The food is ok with the exception of any of their tofu which is pre-fried so are unable to have it steamed for any dish, gross. The food alone I would have given it a 2.5-3 stars. I live 2 blocks away so twice have done take out. DO NOT DO TAKE OUT! I called they said it would be 40 minutes, no problem. I show up after 50min and wait for another 40 min. This is completely unacceptable. Not only that but there were at least 4 other individuals doing the same. The young girl was apologetic and said it was based on the fact that they had just handed out a lot of menus in the neighborhood so were swamped. So because I'm a sucker I bought this and I did take out again 3 weeks later, guess what? Same exact thing happened with no explanation, no compensation. I will never be going back. Baan Thai on liberties walk is better and Erawan in China town is the best in the city.Do NOT get rope a doped into their 25.00 Sugar house restaurant deal for restaurant week. Sugar House will not MATCH uou 25.00 as the restaurant promotes.  The casino  asks YOU to match 25.00 when you get to the casino.  It's a scam.
Food and service is great at circles.  Just order off of their menu.  No need to pay 25 bucks for a non existent deal.There are a lot of things I like about this place, and very little I don't. They have friendly, efficient, attentive servers. My water glass never dropped below the halfway point...and the food came out promptly and steaming hot. 
The food is delicious and comes in large portions (2 meals for me). It is totally worth the $11 for spicy pad kee mow. You can order mild, medium, hot, or Thai hot. I love spicy food and I think the hot is perfect. If you are in a mood to really feel the burn, the Thai hot will certainly do that trick. Everything ordered was cooked well and flavors were right on.
Friendly note: The medium spicy is just as spicy as the hot...and it's pretty dang hot!
The space itself is pretty cute. They did a great job with the decor and lighting considering it was previously a dingy pizza shop. It is also a bit cramped, but I think they handled it the best way they could have. 
Last but not least....It's BYOB! Cha ching! Reasonably priced Thai food, BYOB, great service, and 7 blocks from  my house? I have a feeling I'm going to be making frequent stops here. 
The only complaint I have is that they need to update their website to include details about the NoLibs location. The hours are different and the menus are different. NoLibs does not have lunch specials :( It does look like this information is available on their blog though. Either way, thumbs up Circles!Finally! A Thai restaurant is just what I've been waiting for in Northern Liberties and it's finally opened. For months I walked by the Circles sign so my expectations built quite a bit but thankfully, I was not let down. 
I've taken out and I've eaten in and both were very good. The service was spot on and so was the time wait for pick up.  I still need to get down their spicy levels but I can luckily handle heat pretty well for the time being.
The crispy duck pad Thai is amazing. In fact, their pad Thai in general is awesome but the duck has jumped to my favorite. It's delicious pad Thai with a generous portion of fried (but not overly fried) duck laid perfectly on top and it's heaven. In addition, the Thai rolls and papya salad were great. The Thai rolls are fried, stuffed with pork, mixed veggies and come with a plum dipping sauce that I could dunk anything in and enjoy. The salad is the perfect mix of sweet and salt and is extremely refreshing. It was also perfectly dressed and not soggy at all so it's nice and crisp. 
I'm really enjoying the addition to the neighborhood. I've yet to dive into their curry choices but absolutely intend to once it's cooler out...aka curry season!Alright I'm officially over Circles.  First they changed the menu. Then had the good sense to (kind of) change it back, but this last time I ordered I was informed that 2 of the 3 things I wanted were not available. Update your menu then, because the items I want are right there looking back at me listed under "Northern Liberties: Dinner Menu".  Half the time I try to order something as simple as spring rolls, I'm told they need to "check if they have it". Again, they're right there on the menu. Update that shit if you no longer serve it!
The food isn't worth my annoyance.  Good thing we have Baan Thai nearby.Circles is one of the only Thai places in Northern Liberties. I was so happy when they first opened up. I had their crab meat wontons. I love that they put some curry in it. It was very different, but very tasty. 
Circles is also BYOB, which is great. The restaurant is small, but is very cozy. I love the bamboo style wall paper. The atmosphere is not too loud, and very intimate. 
I've been reading a lot of reviews about their delivery service. I would definitely recommend dining in.Honestly the best Thai eat-in experience i have had in Philadelphia.  The service was very attentive and helpful in navigating the menu, and didn't make you feel rushed while you finished off your bottle of wine.  
Great place for date night or a night out with friends where you want to try something new and not break the bank.
That said - if you are getting take-out, try ba'an thai on liberties walk.  I see some reviews on here crackin on the take-out, but Circles food is a step above take-out, and the superior presentation does not translate well in a box/bag.I've yet to dine-in but my number 1 delivery and take out. A bit pricey but such is life sometimes.Earlier this week I went to Circles for a Yelp CME event and it was great! The wait staff was extremely friendly and kept the passed appetizers coming. We were able to speak with the chef for a little while and he told us about some of the menu items and an upcoming trip to Asia he would be going on. The food was delicious and they had a variety of vegetarian and meat items, so everyone was happy. Craziest thing we tried? Sticky rice, peanuts and vanilla ice cream on a hot dog bun! BUT it was good! The veggie spring rolls were my favorite that night.
I have been to Circles in South Philly as well and the food there is also delicious. Both spaces have fairly small dining areas, but so do a ton of other places in the city. I've only been to each location once, so I can't speak to the consistency of the good food and service, but I have had good experiences at both places.This was ordered in at the job.  To my surprise I enjoyed every morsel.  I had the green chicken curry and Pad see-ew.  Very Very good.  I would definitely order from here again.  Well worth it!We stopped by the actual restaurant during the 2016 2nd Street Festival. They had a stand out front selling the typical, fried foods but were still open for full service inside. 
A+ on the building's soundproofing, despite the massive crush of people and live music outside, the inside of Circles was a cool, calm oasis. It's a fairly small restaurant but we had the entire place to ourselves and the decor is subtle and understated without cluttering the premises. 
We ordered the grilled calamari salad, chicken cashew stir fry, and thai iced tea. The salad was really big, definitely enough to standalone as an entree dish. They give you an option of choosing the spice level on the salad since they drizzle it in type of chili vinaigrette. 
I loved the chicken cashew stir fry. I usually try to order things that I can't make for myself at home but the chicken cashew stir fry was absolutely delicious and I don't regret getting it. The vegetables tasted crisp and fresh and it wasn't drowning in oil or sauce. They had a lot of whole cashew nuts mixed in and I devoured the entire thing with my free side of brown rice. 
The only slight drawback to the experience was how the Thai iced tea had a thick layer of sugar granules at the bottom of the glass. They disappeared with a few minutes of vigorous stirring but it wasn't a pleasant first sip.
We had such a lovely relaxing lunch and weren't rushed out at all. When we leisurely wrapped up our check and got ready to leave, we walked into a literal wall of noise from the outside crowd. The contrast between the hot, crowded outdoors and the cool, serene Circles made a lasting impression in my mind and I'm already wishing I could go back.Love this place! Service is so friendly, decor is very cute & food is amazing!! I would suggest making reservations they get pretty busy & it's BYOB which is a great plus! The spicy chicken with noodles is to die for!So good! Ordered drunken noodle for dinner, arrived in about twenty minutes and was hot as can be. Portion was large enough to split and still had leftovers. Dumpling were tasty! Would Def recommend.I love that they offer a few seitan dishes, including the phenomenal thai burrito! The burrito is super peanutty and filling. Also, the pineapple friend rice is heaven on earth, with delightful curry undertones and lots of flavor!Been here a few times. It has really good food and the prices are decent. It might be the favorite place of my girlfriend and I. One time I was kind of sick and should have stopped eating, but the curry was so delicious I couldn't stop myself.
On the other hand, the one time we got delivery from Circle's, it wasn't quite as good (still not bad though).
Overall, I'd give the in-restaurant experience a 4.5, and the delivery a 3.5, so I guess I'd round it off to a 4. Circle's has good and authentic Asian food at reasonable prices.