Loved the atmosphere and the waitress was superb! We came with a large party and she did an awesome job with our drinks and food orders. I'm not sure how she managed to keep it all straight but was even able to correctly separate our bills at the end of the night. Pleasant staff and good food. I will definitely be back.Happy Hour has no food specials. A couple wines at $6 but strictly limited pours. Atmosphere vibrant. Your move....Great tap list and excellent service.  Our server was on the spot whenever we needed something (dropped fork, the next pint, etc).  Good burger too - the ability to add a fried egg was a nice plus.  Wish it was Wednesday so we could have had the Berkshire pork.Came in here randomly for a drink and to catch a basketball game but ended up having the best Brussels sprouts I've ever had. Do not miss these!This place is ideal if you want to stop in for quick drink and appetizer and watch sports. Inside there's a main dining room area and 2 bars on opposite ends. This place also has a very decent beer menu, as well and cocktails and wine. I recommend the wings, as the seasoning is sweet and has a kick to them!Nice beer selection, outdoor dog friendly seating and good food. The inside restaurant is beautiful and it seems like a great place to watch sports (large projector screen with TV above the bar).I love love love the original location, so I was absolutely thrilled to hear City Tap would be coming to logan square (much easier to get to from the train!). They have good beer, good food, and an overall great atmosphere. While I am sad that this location doesn't have fire pits like the original, I hope to frequent this location in the future for happy hours and nights out.I went here late one night months ago with friends and have been meaning to write a positive review since! After putting it off, I'm finally making sure to do it. That's how much I liked this place. We arrived to a very warm welcome from the bartenders as if they new us as a regular customers forever and got some free welcome shots from a very friendly bartender who's name I can't remember. The staff was attentive and a lot of fun. Would definitely recommend you go here if you're in the area!The food is just OK. It does not worth four stars. I had an unhappy experience with the waitress there. I do not recommend.This was my first time here since this became tap house and I must say I like it. I've been to the one in university city a couple times and while I do like this location I prefer the logan square one since it's in a ideal location which is near center city. 
This place is very ideal for fans as there are TVs located pretty much everywhere one looks, including one huge flat screen which is mounted above the bar. The food is what one will typically Find in a bar ie wings and nachos. The main highlight on the food part was the pulled pork nachos as it had this nice cheese sauce that went well with every bite of the nacho. 
All in all, it depends on what you are coming in for. If you are coming in for watching sports, having some good beer and decent food then this is the place for you. The atmosphere is inviting and the wait staff are friendlySat at the bar on a business trip solo. Ordered the avocado and grapefruit salad with rare ahi tuna add on. It was a $22 salad with that combo, but I will tell you that it was literally with every penny. The dressing was light and perfect for this salad and the  grapefruit gave it a kick with the avocado mellowed it out. Arugula is my absolute favorite salad green so this salad was just heaven on a plate. The tuna was prepared perfectly and was flavorful.  Lots of people in here on a Tuesday, good sign that it's a good place to be. 
If you're a beer drinker they do have a phenomenal list with a great variety to choose from. Overall a good dining experience and I'll definitely be back.Had the mango Belgium wheat which was awesome! Another friendly bartender and another good time. Their beer selection is really unparalleled in Philadelphia - four stars only because I feel like their food menu leaves a bit to be desired.The food is pretty good, customers more service could be worked on as far as attentiveness.  Good enough for a nicer sports barI stopped in here Saturday with 10 friends while in Philly for the weekend of the 4th of July.  Let's just say we stayed a while, the bar tab was $750 before the tip!  Hey, no judgement zone here since our hotel was just within walking distance. We ordered beers & appetizers & plenty of mixed drinks. The service was excellent.  The servers were very friendly and accommodating.  The beer selection is what drew us in, the atmosphere & service kept us there. This will be a regular stop on our trip itinerary when ever we visit the City of Brotherly love for the weekend.Underwhelmed at best. 40 tap beers, only one from PA. Bartender didn't know his beer types, guy next to me ask for a local IPA, he suggested a Sam Adams. 
I didn't try the food, 
Bartender seemed like he was too cool to be working there.
I'm not going backSecond time there. Both times dissatisfied with the food. The food is extremely expensive. Three 2 inch tacos $13. Fries $7. The waitress even warned me that the tacos wouldn't be enough food before she brouguy them out. She was right! The food is just not worth the price. My friend ordered the organic chicken salad sandwich and it was horrible. She had to send it back and get something else. Not sure about the drinks but you may need one to deal with the prices.Went here for a late lunch and wasn't impressed at all. The best thing I can say is thankfully for a tap house the beer selection was very good. But if you have someone in your party that's not a beer drinker and prefers cocktails you may want to choose another place. Our server was very nice but it took forever to get our drinks. Actually our appetizers were out before we even go our drinks. We had the crab Mac and cheese and Korean BBQ tacos both were very good. Two of our party got burgers, one veggie and one tap house burger. Both said that the burgers were ok and they've had better elsewhere. Another in our party had the pork hash and thought it was dry and felt like it was missing something. I had the chicken and waffles which I didn't like. First off I'm pretty sure it was fake fried where they lightly bread it with bread crumbs and cook it in the oven. And it wasn't like you got a wing and a thigh, they were almost like extra large chicken strips. The syrup didn't really have any flavor and it came with an herb butter but whatever the herb was it didn't taste right with the dish. This is definitely a place I wouldn't go back to.Am not sure why it is so surprising to me that I like this place. Perhaps it is because Public House (same company) was so horrible or because the West Philly Tap House is always too loud and chaotic. 
The food is great! The beer list is extensive (with a whole list of excellent ciders!) The meat comes from a local farm and the plates all seem to be crafted with a lot of care. 
I've gone twice and both times had fun servers with great energy. Their entire team seems prompt and friendly and I think that is probably a sign of good management. 
They have a HUGE tv, which is a bit distracting for a nice dinner, but would be great for a game. The place can be really noisy during happy hour, but when you're tucked away in booths, the noise level seems fine.It's a good place to hangout after work. Like way nicer than Pagano's for sips. Much more civilized. 
The have a goofy menu, with a lot of options. I was really in a mood for a burger, which was actually very good. 
Nothing disappointed, but there was also nothing to draw me back again really.Super delicious brunch! I had a toasted pecan Belgium waffle with peach compote and chantilly cream! The molasses syrup they served it with was amazing but the dish was tasty with or without it. Highly recommend. Also, friendly and fast service.Visited the City Tap for dinner as it was one block from my hotel. Great selection of beers and the menu is varied enough for a bar. Had the ribeye steak and fries; great skinny fries! Very reasonably priced as well.Completely renovated, great food, fantastic decor and super nice service staff. Definitely coming back many timesVery good meal.  Was here last night and the food was hot and fresh.  My only complaint was the mussels that I ordered was a little salty.  Other than that the shrimp and grits, steak and drinks were excellent.  Service was Top notch as well.
Would recommend.Got to give it up to this place.  Took the family there while staying at the Logan next block over.  Best burger I've had in a LONG time.  The mussels (Abigail style) were great too.  Wife enjoyed her tuna.  Matter of fact, I kept saying how shocked I was at the food quality (at least in our experience at "brewery places".)
Kudos to our server for giving us a heads up on the kids menu pizza.  Definitely large enough to split with our two single digit age boys.  Manager came by to check up.  Place is lively for sure but we were seated in a booth away from the bar.  Would definitely come back and gets a recommendation from me.  
BTW - definitely book via Opentable.  I thought we could just walk in around 6 pm but nope.  Waited about 30 mins or so back at the Logan when I got their text message our table was ready.I'm tapping out! I need a sub for this meal. That's how I felt for the City Tap House burger. It was really dry and not tasty. The burger split up into a few pieces and the bun did not help either. It reminded me of an over priced Burger King sesame seed bun. The burger itself was around $15 and I do not feel the price and quality match. I would be okay to pay that at a Shake Shack over here. Granted, the kitchen was closing up so I guess they could've rushed the order. I ended up buying another burger at a different location just to cover up the bad taste left by this burger.
I would recommend going there for drinks at least. Their lemon larger was refreshing and good. The prices and variety are a big selling point. Other than the beer choices, I don't plan to order food from this location. The location in University City seems to have better food than the actual city. 
Overall: 3 (Rounded)
Food: 2
Service: 3
Price: 3
Atmosphere: 3If you're looking for a lively bar scene, good food, and craft beer, you've found your spot.  Friendly bar staff that actually remembered us from the year prior.  It's a go-to spot for us during marathon weekend.  Have the pretzel and if they have the pumpkin ale... get it!Sat at the bar and enjoyed a delicious baked chicken w/ garlic cloves and spinach. Sports bar atmosphere with music and huge monitors behind the bar. Updated menu offers crab cakes which look worth a try.A DJ spun tunes for the evening from a booth by the door. Transitions were seamless and volume was loud, but one could converse over it with a slight raise of one's voice.
Drink selections were copious and pours were good.
Dessert choices were limited. Wound up going with the deconstructed s'mores. The chocolate portion was the texture and taste of a cheap chocolate candy bar formed in a ramekin (i.e., waxy and almost tasteless). The marshmallow was spread out over the plate and browned: tasted like a marshmallow. The "graham cracker" was made of crumbled gingerbread, which tasted slightly stale, but helped balance the marshmallow's overly sweet quality.Excellent service.  My waitress, Jamie recommend two excellent locally brewed beers from the many available on tap.  Also she recommended the mustard glazed scottish salmon "BLT" that was great and paired well with the Victory Moving Parts 04 Wheat IPA.  All in all a great meal.Amazing brussel sprouts! Crispy and flavorful!
Ordered the chicken and waffle. Chicken was over cooked and dry. Waffle was cold and soft. 
Service was ok. 
Disappointed.Food, service and atmosphere were all good. For a tap house they don't give you any time to review the beer selections and make a decision.Great place to watch the games on Sunday! Twelve screens, good beer, pretty good food = FUN!Went here on a Sunday morning for brunch. They serve beermosas which is similar to mimosas except they substitute champagne with a light beer instead. The drink menu was expensive though. We had a new waiter and the waiter forgot to give me my iced tea, I had to ask for it after we received our main dish. As for the main dish, I also did not receive it when the other main dishes were brought out. The manager came over about 10 minutes later and apologized and said that they would pay for my order since it will take several more minutes for my dish to come out. I thought that was very nice of them. After 10 more minutes of waiting, I finally received my roast pork sweet potato hash dish. The dish was ok, seemed to be lacking salt, but they gave a very generous portion. The entire staff though was very friendly. And I would not mind trying this place again, I just will pick a different dish the next time.This is the premier sports bar in Center City. The beer menu is awesome, and the pub food is well executed. The TVs are huge and they always have sports on. Great place!Nice bar. Didn't eat. Had a good selection of brews. Bartenders very friendly and helpful. Not a lot of people here. But it is 3pm on a Saturday. Bathroom is interesting. It's co-ed with private toilets. As a man I have no problem. But men are slobs and I imagine it's not a pleasant experience for a woman.This restaurant had great atmosphere and good service. The corn dip was amazing. It also had a wide variety of beers to choose from.Some like it cold, and if you like food that's been sitting so long that the cheese has congealed into hard wax and it's reached room temperature, you'll love this place. Anyone else should reconsider. Take-out service was horrible -
unfathomably long wait. The host was profusely apologetic, which I appreciate, but I really would have rather had my food delivered to me while it was still hot.I stayed in Philly for a night with my fiancé and we loved this local spot. The atmosphere is great, food is delicious (especially the pizza!) and service is extraordinary. They made a mistake on my food and made me a whole new pie without any hassles. Since we were celebrating our engagement, they even gave us dessert and champagne on the house. Reasonably priced and great place to go with friends, I highly recommend it to everyone!!!!First of all the place smells like stale beer that has spilled on a floor and not been cleaned in 2 weeks.  But ok so luv beer all still ok.  But I have a gluten allergy and told waitress this,  so I told her no croutons in sale.  But then they serve me sale with breaded shallots.  Ok I send back and ask for new sale without.  20 minutes still no salad.  My entire party now is almost done with meal, so I cancel my dish.  I tell manager how the nite was ruined and his response was to give 6 bucks off bill.  Not exactly a make up for me being starved a ruined nite.On a rainy Wednesday with a group of six we decided to get a table. The atmosphere when you go in may be a bit overwhelming for those who are not used to loud music. It was a crowd of 30 something and up professionals with best dropping base dropping music. We were practically yelling the whole time but the place was very appealing in decor.
We were promptly seated which was very nice. The food we ordered ranged from grilled veggies to mussels to burgers. Let's start with the grilled shishito peppers. The skin was just too tough and it wasn't appealing texture wise, the aioli sauce was a little underwhelming. It was like Eating edemame without the skin peeled.
Next I had the burger and it was actually delightful and had a truffle mayo that helped balance the whole burger. It had good texture, great crust, and good balance. Only thing I wish I knew was that it was truffle mayo- I'm not the biggest fan of truffle.
Then we had the pancho mussels which were nice and cooked well. The only thing I would say is the broth was heavy, cheesy and a bit too much. Maybe too salty
In the end it was a bit pricey, a bit loud, and a bit underwhelming bc the staff wasn't the friendliest. 
I would encourage this place though if you like happy hour and drinks with a young crowd.I had an IPA beer which might have been the best glass of beer I ever had! The personal pizza I had was not up to the quality of the beer however and was just okay. Service was excellent. Liked the overall atmosphere and ambiance.It's funny how it all comes down to one guy. 
I was here for a few hours, decided I should bring something home to go. I had a train about 20 minutes later. No problem, right? So I order something that takes normally about 10 minutes. 
I order it. Wait. Drink with friends. Say goodbye. 15 minutes pass. I go to the bartender I placed my order with. He says he'll check up on it and I follow him. He says "It'll be right out".
There is a window where we can see what the chefs are doing. I mention to this chef "Is that the Margherita to go?" "I'm working on it!" he replies with attitude as he goes to slowly (AND I MEAN SLOWLY) peel prosciutto from the wax paper. Oops, drops one. Ooops, drops two. Still takes his time
"I'll take it without the basil leaves"
"Ugh, fine"
He walks to the back of the kitchen. A couple minutes pass. Train leaves in about 2 minutes. I can still make it if he wraps it up.
He brings forward a bag of arugula and begins making a salad. "I'll take it as is!" I insist and he finally (and at a pace that would bore a sloth) boxes it up. I miss my train. Thanks asshole.
1. He knew I was in a rush. 
2. He had the pizza ready to go immediately (without basil)
3. He takes his time, with a paying customer waiting on him, getting a completely different (second order) ready to go
4. Gives a shitload of attitude
If you see the pizza chef with finger tribal tattoos and attitude, beware. That guy is a fucking asshole. If I see him again, I'm walking right out with two choice fingers towards him. 
A shame because EVERYONE ELSE WAS PERFECT. If that guy were gone, I will gladly come back.Food was absolutely delicious. Appetizers, salads, and mains were all great. We ordered a bunch and split them all. There are some different plates on the menu that you don't see everywhere which was also cool. 
Service was a little young/green with staff forgetting drinks and other requests but nothing tremendously detrimental to the experience. Go there!We had an opportunity to visit here for dinner without children, which itself, is a five star experience. I'd give Papaya King in Manhattan 5 stars if I wasn't with my kids. Anyway, City Tap House. It met my main criteria, vegetarian options for my partner in crime, Mrs Sam H, and a decent selection of beers to keep me happy. 
We split the mac and cheese minus the crab. It was not top notch but I think that the crab was supposed to be the star of the dish and leaving out the major component most likely took away from the potential of the dish. I let that pass. We got the mushroom pizza and it was good. The crust didn't seem coal oven-ish, but all it all it was good. The star of the night was the charred brussel sprouts. Excellent flavors and a wonderful texture, HOWEVER, be warned, they do not travel well. We took an order to go, along with a margherita pizza and unfortunately, after a little while in a take out container, the mushiness took over and they were no bueno.
The margherita pizza was also good, not spectacular but respectable, especially taking into account the fact that they are not a pizza place. The staff was really welcoming and friendly and the prices are reasonable. I would definitely go back for more.Within walking distance from the Comcast Center, my co-workers and I decided to go to City Tap House for lunch. We ordered some appetizers (Corn and Crab Hush-puppies and Ten Spice Wings) to share. The hush-puppies tasted like a mini crab-cake with a pond of aioli sauce beneath. The wings had a nice dry rub to it that wouldn't make you tired of eating it. I ordered their house burger with bacon, asked for medium rare and it came back a little burnt and at least medium. The fries were more than I could eat but they were decent, coming with an aioli dip and of course ketchup.
The server did his job throughout the first part of our visit, but when it became crowded, he was almost nowhere to be found. It probably took us about 11 minutes to get our check and another 4 minutes for him to get the check.
TLDR - Appetizers were good, burger was meh, service was okay
I'll need to try this place again and come here for drinks in the eveningBest bar in center city to catch a game. I'm not sure that I would call it a sports bar but I'd rather go here than anywhere else. It's on the pricier side but with the large portions and great food it's well worth it. I've been here numerous times for dinner and have never been dissapointed. Service can be hit or miss but recently excellent.
Opted to try brunch here since every place in CC was booked. I ordered the shrimp and grits and man, was it a great decision.  The collard greens were perfectly cooked with a nice little crunch. They have a nice bacon and slight vinegary taste to it. Grits were super creamy and cheesy. Shrimp had a nice kick to it. It was a huge portion and I could only finish half of it. 
Im also a huge fan of the Bloody Mary's here. Nice heat to it with layers of flavor. Nice sized beer selection with draft, bottles, and cans. Highly recommend this place if you're looking to catch a game and want great food.Excellent.  Great service, great food, and a great place to watch football.  The bartender Chris S. made it an even better experience.Top notch beer bar and gastropub. Highly recommend the roast pork italiano sandwich. Lots of craft beers and draft plus huge seating for groups or to watch sports. Think of a higher end Field House.I typically go out to eat for an experience, more than what the place represents. City Tap House fulfills that need. This came as a result of my latest visit to CTH; I was lucky enough to have been served by a savvy bar tender- Diana G. She is more than a bartender , she possesses visceral knowledge about the various types of beer, glass types, and even the quality of the water that render certain regional beers exceptional in taste and nuance.Online they advertise $2 off draught beers for happy hour; however they do not apply this discounted price automatically. It required us to confront the bartender twice, in order for them to uphold their special. The atmosphere was lively and their beer list was quite extensive; however it seemed every beer we wanted was kicked. On the plus side the bathrooms were really nice and clean.Stronger bar kudos than restaurant. While the food was good,  the portions were small, and they were quite pricey for the selection. I came here with my sisters during a blizzard because it was the closest restaurant to our hotel, but it is not a great place for kids. Not a negative comment to the restaurant, just an FYI. The bar feeling pervaded even the separate furthest separated dining area. 
Something that made me VERY uncomfortable were the unisex bathrooms. There wasn't a door blocking the bathroom from the bar area, just a long hallway that led to several stalls. I expected something classier from a place as well maintained and contemporary as this.Everything grossly overpriced. Drinks were weak. Hummus was decent. Steak and chicken were both mediocre at best. Waited 45 minutes for a table due to 3 private functions having 75% of the location but not actually using he tables. Seems most go for the drinks not the food. Half the items we wanted they were out of despite it being fairly early in the evening.We had our wedding rehearsal dinner at City Tap House in Logan Square and had a great experience with Devin and team. They were very organized and worked with us to stay in budget while keeping our party size and preferences in mind. She was able to help us select the best options for our group and was flexible with us when we ran into some delays the day of. Plus, the food was AWESOME and the private room was perfect for our group. Highly recommend for events! In addition to our rehearsal dinner, I've been on site numerous times for casual dinners and happy hours and corporate events -- consistently a great experience, great service, and a great menu.Great beer selection and I highly recommended coming in on Tuesday to get the chicken and waffles. Roscoes has nothing on this place. It is a bit loud but that because I'm old. Great atmosphere great service.Had lunch here today. Everything about the experience was good. Our waiter was attentive and had good suggestions. Our food was good. Our beer was the right temp and arrived promptly. The restaurant was clean and our booth was very clean. I would totally go here again.The food was decent -- although the cheese on my nachos was very watery. Very small menu with limited options for me. They had a large beer selection but limited about of ciders, which is what I usually prefer beer wise. Close to our hotel (Sheraton Downtown).Nice bar. Didn't eat. Had a good selection of brews. Bartenders very friendly and helpful. Not a lot of people here. But it is 3pm on a Saturday. Bathroom is interesting. It's co-ed with private toilets. As a man I have no problem. But men are slobs and I imagine it's not a pleasant experience for a woman.Was there the other night, place was packed (game 1 World Series) but service at the bar was fantastic. bartender was soooo on top of things - she was excellent. just needs to smile a bit more and at least appear to appreciate the fact that we are customers. Food is very good and beer selection is solid.Big fan of this place. First visit to Philly and I was brought by my girlfriend and some friends who used to go to school in Philly. I built my own bloody Mary with all the fixings, which was delicious as a snack while we waited for the rest of the food. Definitely recommend the crispy wings and the hush puppies for appetizers, then the tap house burger which was perfectly cooked. They're a strong eagles bar, so not much variety in the games shown on football Sunday, but I guess as an outsider I can't fault them for that!I wish I could enjoy this place, but every time I try to, the restaurant is reserved. I've LITERALLY walked into City Tap House 4 separate times in the past 1.5 mos, and every time, the hostess let me know the whole place was reserved for a private party.
I tried a Sunday brunch, a Friday happy hour, a weeknight dinner, and a Saturday football game - every time, no luck. And looking at their page, many reviewers admit to have been there for a private party. 
Maybe they make more money on renting out the space, but it is BEYOND annoying for locals who want to enjoy some good food. So be advised and call ahead. I never did do that - it took 4 tries before I just gave up.Great vibe.  Room is darker, but with nice use of Edison lights, copper bar top and reclaimed wood walls.  Bathrooms are unisex, and the old lady appreciated that (not sure why, though...I didn't see any good looking guys leave at the same time, so i can only assume it was a sincere statement...but come to think of it, she can be awfully flirty; not sure what to make of that point).  But I digress.  Beer selection was good, not great. We had the Korean short rib tacos to start and they were very tasty.  We followed that with the sausage and mushroom pizza and it, too, did not disappoint.  Friendly and attentive bartenders.I was a little disappointed by this place, which is OK, but I much prefer the University City location. The beer list is still great. They have some of the same great appetizers (goat cheese and honey flatbread, salumi flatbread, and hushpuppies), but way fewer burger options (and a much smaller list of options under $20). Despite having pretty good food, this place feels more like a more adult version of Chuck E. Cheese's, for former frat-boys who now work at Comcast to hang out after work, than a nice place to have dinner.
The noise level is insane - I had to shout to be heard across the table. High top tables at least would have put me a little closer to the people on the other side, while not being inconsistent with the fact that you're really eating in a bar, rather than a restaurant. Some people may be fine with this, but for me it's way more draining than energizing. In the 5-10 minutes we waited for our waiter to show up, we considered just leaving, but as we were about to he arrived, and we decided to give it a try. I did get to see a guy at the table next to me use a flashlight on his phone to read the menu, because the bar-level lighting pervades the entire place (he wasn't even that old!).
Our service was also sub-par, both for what I'd expect for the price, and for what I've received at the University City location. This could just be the learning curve, as the restaurant develops a routine (I usually give some benefit of the doubt during the first year of any restaurant's existence). The process for getting us a table was super disorganized. Then the waiter took forever to show up. He didn't inform us that their smaller pours of draught beers are not a half pint, but are in fact smaller than the juice glasses they give little kids at greasy spoon diners. Our water ran out several times (for extended periods), and in at least one case wasn't refilled even after it was requested. The waiter seemed very earnest, but was a net negative on the dinner.
Overall, it was still an OK experience. The food is pretty good (though don't assume that because grapefruit is in the name of your salad that there will be more than 2 small slices of grapefruit in it), as was the beer, but I doubt I'll be coming back to this location, even though it's much closer to where I live than University City (which, on top of better service and more food options I like, has a ton of awesome outdoor seating).I actually like this place for its beer collection,I was with my friends and they all were quite impressed with a three page beer menu.
Food is okay.I would give it a 5/10.I  had the ten spice wings,it's not spicy at all,rather a barbecue taste to it.
I liked the ambience,good service and great people.
Surprisingly wasn't crowded for a Friday evening.
It's spacious and thus good for big parties or office gatherings.
All in all I don't mind going back there :)Celebrated my wife's birthday here recently.  We had a large party of around 20 people total.  I arranged everything through Devin, who is the best.  She made sure everything went smoothly; all we had to do was show up.  They reserved two large tables for us and had our pre-ordered food served at the specified time I gave Devin.  Special thanks to Dakota, our incredibly patient server who worked diligently to keep everyone inebriated.  Oh, and the food was excellent.Went on a Friday night and expected it to be crowded with loud music. To my surprise wasn't either. 
Server was courteous and seated us in a booth with decent number of people all around.Wherever you end up seating the place looks very huge even for a tap house. This might be the reason I felt it was kind of empty. 
We had ordered the ten spice wings and fries on the side. Portions are very filling and the wings are delicious. 
We were given a food and wine/ whisky menu when we were seated and I was trying to find out where the beers were listed. To my utter surprise, our server brought a beer menu separately. That menu is 3 pages long and categorized among wheaty, pilsners, Pale Ales and what not. THE BEER MENU IS EXHAUSTIVE.MORE THAN 40 KINDS OF BEER ON TAP. It's like beer heaven. Perfect for people who are bored with bottled ones and wanna try a new draft beer once in a while. They cater to almost every kind of palette. 
Our server definitely forgot us for a while after we got our food and drinks. We were pretty full from lunch and didn't end up eating much.
Will definitely go back for the beers. If you are on budget on Friday night, drink your beers here and probably eat elsewhere.
Very conveniently located in center city. Even if you are visiting for a few days, do try his place.The food was great! They were out of the appetizer (pretzel) and beer I ordered, but the blueberry pancakes were good! Good atmosphere too!Wow. I happened into this place as it was just two steps from my hotel.  What luck! A quiet table outside, a long beer list, and the cioppino is truly out of this world.  Tempted to stay another night just to try something else on the menu!Grateful place.. Nice ambience and food tastes great.. I tasted pizza( not sure which one) and it's great.. And also card meat is great here..Honestly, 1 star is more than this place deserves. After 20 minutes of not being served with a 40 person party, I go to other side of the bar only to get charged $18 for a double jack and diet. I will never being going back to this establishment.The mussels are a must have!!!! Flatbreads are great for a table sharing app. Service has been "slow" on my 5-6 visits here- not bad, rude or incompetent...just seems like not enough servers for the large parties they accommodate. Live music the other night was fun. Large beer list.Went to an awesome grad party at city tap house. Good food and a good atmosphere, and we loved the reserved party area.My husband and I went here for Saturday brunch. I got the biscuits & gravy - 3 large biscuits, sausage gravy, and eggs cooked any way you want. It was a little on the salty side for my taste, but still good. I really liked the smoked salmon flatbread my husband got. It was unique and delicious! Of course, they have a great draft beer selection too!Wow. Brunch menu is awesome, 10 spice wings to die for. Never had a ring with that much meat on it. BEERMOSA's were perfect. Reasonably priced. Can't wait to come back for their lunch menu. Well worth it, great service tooGreat service and variety of beers on tap. The barstaff is wiling to offer samples and is very attentive. The doorman was down to earth, bathrooms are clean and unisex I believe, and the dining room dimly lit and classy. Saturday night we experienced a band that played nice music, but was a little loud to talk over. There are two sizes of draft beer available which is nice if you are more into trying a selection. Pricing is also very reasonable.I like that City Tap House has expanded from its West Philly location to a new Center City one. We came here around the time that it first opened and of course were really happy with the amazing beer selection here. I also had a chance to enjoy the mussels, and they were great. I'm happy that the food quality is high, because it is sure to keep people coming back! My only complaint is that it gets unbelievably crowded here, simply due to the location. It is right nearby several enormous office buildings, so during happy hour, it is wall to wall with business casual people. Nothing you can do about it!Came here with friends on Halloween night. This place is really nice inside and the beer menu was really good. Didn't order any food but I will definitely be back here to try out the food menu.I stay at the Sheraton when traveling from Chicago and am always in search for a great bar with drinks and snacks nearby.  City Tap House is always a great option with a wide selection of beers on tap and bottle.I was here last night while visiting Philadelphia on business.  It's a busy hip place bustling with lots of young people.  The food was quite good; I had the shrimp with grits and I really liked it, although I would say it's not very original because it's basically a ripoff of Emeril Lagasse's BBQ shrimp. Still it was very good although it seems like their Forte is beer. They seem to have a very extensive beer menu.
The service was good too.  My waiter was congenial and the food arrived promptly.  I may stop again here should I run out of other interesting things nearby to try out.Drinks were good, service was better, food was the best! Perfect portions and delicious! Had 3 apps which proved to be more than enough for 2 ppl. Yum!Had a disappointing experience here. The roasted chicken I ordered was clearly undercooked which I brought to their attention. It was returned after several minutes but was still running red juices. To her credit, the manager assured us that their prep process gives the chicken such a presentation. It still looked unappealing to me. Not wanting to make a further fuss, I just refused to eat it and left hungry. My husband's broiled salmon was tasty but it came with just a hint of a side. The dinner was a bit pricey for what we got.Not a good experience.  The host didn't seem to know what tables were available to seat us - even the ones in plain view.  So we sat at the bar.  Service was slow even though it wasn't that busy.  Bartenders were nice and helpful otherwise.  I fault management for not staffing properly.  First drink took 10 minutes.  Pulled pork nachos were terrible.  Pork was the already prepared, mushy crap you get from a food service.  Nachos were drowning in some sort of watery cheese.  Worst part came afterwards when I was felt sick after leaving there.  Took me 24 hours to recover from my visit.I met a friend who works in the museum district for a quick drink after work. I would have never thought to go to City Tap House, but my friend insisted we go. I got two seats at the bar and as a lady on her own, the bar staff was incredibly helpful and friendly. The beer list is large and broken down incredibly for anyone who has trouble with ordering brews. Also, I need to mention that the caesar salad is THE BOMB! Obviously, caesar salads are incredibly easy to make so any restaurant that can perfect it, easily wins a place in my heart. This is one of my new favorite happy hour spots for after work and I would recommend it for a work lunch as well.This place is awesome, but if there is a Philly game going on that night...good luck!! We went unknowingly that a 76ers game was going on, and was told a table would be ready in 30 minutes. 45 minutes later, the hostess said it would be another 45 minutes. We ended up leaving after a drink and got food down the street. 
Great food and great drink selections which is why it still gets a 4 star :)City Tap House is my firm's go-to for business lunches, for 3 reasons:
1. The service is top-notch and understand how to balance the reality of needing to get back to work to having a nice time socializing. (Miles is the best!)
2. The food tastes great and is always well-prepared. There's a lot of variety on the menu.
3. The location is great. It is close enough to have plenty of time to eat and get back to the office in a reasonable amount of time. It feels like a good place to hang out that just happens to be a good place to take people to work.
HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!Large beer selection! Great place to hold gatherings or for dinner in the city with friends. Opt to sit outside on a nice day and avoid the noise inside (especially if there is a private party). Their flat bread pizzas and blue crab mac and cheese is good. Their korean short rib taco app is tasty but kind of expensive ($12) for 3 measly tacos.Great food. Great atmosphere. Great cocktails. Beer and whiskey lists were also phenomenal. Server was a ginger he was dope. Def recommend this place for anyone looking for the best of both worlds. It's both casual and fine dining but it's also like an upscale sports bar. Great Philly find.Stopped here for dinner on a business trip.  It was fairly loud, and as a business traveler on his own there was no real effort on the part of the staff to help me enjoy a nice dinner.  Finally got a seat at the bar, ended up waiting quite a while to get service while couples near me were waited on.  Food was very passable bar food.Changing my review because of political reasons. Basically someone reached out to my buddy. Long story short, improvement is needed. But the wings are good.Great modern-feel beer bar/restaurant. Menu is excellent, as is the beer selection. The missing star is for service. The bar staff working while I was there were not that attentive. It wasn't busy, but the lady behind the bar seemed more interested in doing dishes and talking to waitstaff than serving guests at the bar (not just me). The daily menu looks good too. 
I had wings and a salad-really good.Nothing impressive. Sub-par food and typical Center City prices for draft beer. Good enough for tourist crowd but not for regulars. Tap House in Univ. City is much better.Great burger and fries. They served it with truffle aioli sauce that was also amazing. Their milkshake was also good. A little on the expensive side, but decent quality and great taste, so I will definitely coming back here again.Convenient and reasonable for a quick business/casual lunch.
I appreciate the changes on the menu (especially the moules frites!). This visit I tried their lunch special banh mi. While not a traditional banh mi, the pulled pork was nicely flavored, the jalapeno nice and spicy, and the french baguette was very nice/fresh. (The cucumber accents were actually enough to be a memorable part of the sandwich!) And the fries were good: well-seasoned, though I think I got the tail ends of a batch, because I had only a few longer fries and many little stubs, which taste the same, but are more difficult to consume!
I wonder what percentage of responses to the "high top?" question are positive. I always ask for a regular table and the people in front of me did the same. I wonder if somewhere down the line some of the high top tables for 2 or 4 will change into regular tables.I was actually in awe of how great the Sunday brunch/football scene was at City Tap House. There wasn't a bad seat to be found in terms of watching the Eagles game as there were TVs on just about every wall with full sound throughout the restaurant.
Some of our menu choices and ratings below:
-Brussel Sprouts 10/10 (amazing)
-Goat Cheese & Margherita Flatbreads 10/10 (great flavor!)
-Wings 9/10 (crispy!)
-Cornbread 1/10 (only disappointment, super burnt)
-Veggie burger 9/10 (so fresh and yummy!)
-Benedict 9/10 (the pork belly was to die for)
-Chicken & Waffles 10/10 (HUGE portions)
-Tap House Omellette 9/10 (fluffy + talleggio cheese was great)
-Brewers Breakfast 10/10
-Beer selection 10/10
-Service 8/10
This is a great place to watch football and/or enjoy a great meal with any size group!While the food was good in the sense that it's a twitch of more upscale bar food, it was watching the manager and his dirty hands touching every plate. I only noticed him bc there was a backlog of servers waiting for food and watched as he picked something off the floor, wipe his hair, pinched his nose, palmed new plates, wiped back his sweaty head, grabbed more plates etc telling servers which tables. Not once did he clean his hands not was he wearing gloves. We managed to notify some people but this left a bad cloud in my head( sure it happens everywhere, but I couldn't stomach it any longer ) ... Please remember to wash your hands...  And don't palm clean dishes...Came in and sat at the smaller bar, not sure if the bartender had been cut or if she simply didn't care that there were 3 of us sitting at the bar top. I ordered one drink and she only came around to cash people out. I was recommended this place by the concierge at the hotel I am staying at, needless to say I will not be back.I had ordered the shrimp and grits which were amazing. Never had shrimp and grits before and they were exceptional. The flavor of the shrimp and grits were a perfect match you can really taste the cheddar in the grits which is amazing. The pizza was good to it had vodka sauce on it it was like pasta pizza. Which was pretty amazing in its self. The wine was great as well and service was good in Philadelphia for business and would come back.I visit this restaurant back in August 2016 on a school trip it was nice to atmosphere was pumping and the food was delicious the cocktails where delicious and my server was on point even though the place was super busy. I will definitely recommend this restaurant to everyone I know that's traveling to the Philly area it's worth it. Check them out.I went for dinner with friends.  They had such a fabulous selection of beer, it really made me wish I could drink beer (I have a terrible reaction).  My friends both ordered hamburgers (which they thoroughly enjoyed  and looked and smelled great).  Excellent service.
I ordered the roast chicken and it was under cooked.  When I told the waitress, she was very apologetic.  She had them make a completely new dish.  Several people came over to the table to apologize.  The replacement was perfect and I thoroughly enjoyed it.  Much to my surprise, they did not charge me for the meal.  This was very gracious. I would definitely go back next time I'm in Philly.Food unimpressive  bar fare..not much to choose from if you have a vegetarian in your party. ..spirits excellent..servers friendly..bathrooms are unisex$16 for a chicken Caesar salad seemed a little steep, but the ambiance was great. Big TV screens with football. Portions were kind of smallish, too, for my companion and I. So if you like beer and football, you'll like this place.Not a super great experience for our group of 3 adults and 2 kids. Wait staff was kind of awkward - I don't think they want kids here, they provide high chairs but no changing table in the restroom (which ended up making us change a dirty nappy of the bathroom floor). Cornbread was delicious and they accommodated my daughter's smaller pancake request (they have no kids menu) but really service and lack of changing table kind of spoiled it for us. Husband got the burger and did not enjoy since it was well done when requested medium, sister had chicken salad sandwich and she said too much mayo and I had pork hash that was ok.  Also - prices were pretty high for what we got.If you want to pay for their recent renovation, this is your place.  I will say, however, that they have great screens for the local sports enthusiast.  The beer and food is extremely overpriced for the value.  In spite of the pricing, their burger is tasty.Favorite bar/restaurant in the area. Beer selection rotates all the time, and they have an amazing menu.
The burger is great, pork nachos are a must, GIANT pretzel is the bomb - you can't go wrong dining in or just having a few. Absolutely love this place & the service, I've become a regular & am cool with itService is always top notch - especially from Ashlee, Kelly, Howie, Olivia and Danielle. These bartenders know their stock and there's plenty of it! Rare beers and exclusives rotate constantly. Thanks for always taking care of me!Never disappointed here, always a great beer selection, wait staff is always friendly and pro, which is why the place is always packed with cool people.  Been here five times in the last year, consistently great.  Usually get the Korean tacos - delicious.  Never had a bad beer here.  I will be back!Went in foot the lobster bisque,  but it was so good that it was sold out! That's ok though because I loved the pastrami on Rye. The rye looked and tasted like a mix of rye and pumpernickel, so it was a good balance. The pastrami was lean and flavorful. I'd go back again.I find myself here every few weeks during football season. Great beer selection, tasty burgers, ample TV coverage, plenty of seating, decent prices.Stopped in for a late dinner.  The place was packed for the World Series, but we only had to wait a couple minutes for a table.  Great tasting appetizers (who knew Brussel Sprouts could be so good?) and main dinner items.  Friendly staff and reasonable prices for what you get.  Would definitely come back next time we're in Philly!Incredibly over priced. Ordered a beer for lunch and seriously, a good server would warn you that it cost $38  per 12oz bottle. 'Oh, I thought you saw that.'  Not ok. Sure, we made the mistake but that menu came last and you couldn't use a smaller font than the one the drink menu has. Food was decent but when other beers run from $6-$8, the server should say something bit did not help the tip.I love this place! First time I came here was on a Sunday afternoon. Beautiful inside. Huge TVs on wall very clean and well decorated. Cozy feeling, a place I would come on a sat night and hang all night. They do have bands on sat also. The host was very nice and friendly, along with our waiter. They have build your own bloody Marys, which I defiantly had to get. It was delicious, got the pulled pork nachos and pizza also. Great food. I will come back to Philly just for this place , one of my new favorites in the city. Not to mention all the beer they have!Another great weekend in Philly with a stop at the tap house!  Great beer, food & the best service!  The nachos are fabulous!  The ricotta with fig and the Brussels sprout with pomegranate are just a party in my mouth!  We just love the atmosphere & hospitality!  Thanks for taking very good care of our party of 13 last night!  We make the trip from CT to Philly once a year and this is now permanently a regular stop on our itinerary!I love this place. I love the atmosphere and service is quick. We came in yesterday during our beerventure for food. We ordered the pork nachos, which were gone within 5 minutes between the four of us. Great beer selection. During our beerventure, we collected raffle tickets based on our purchase of beer from two specific breweries. Most bars we went to only had one beer from each brewery. Well, we were shocked to find the largest selection of beers from both breweries, making our experience much better. I'll definitely return for some hours of happiness.Great menu focusing on locallly grown farm to plate options. Creative apps, try the Brussels sprouts with pomegranate and wings. The atmosphere has space but is comfortable. It's much larger inside vs. what you see outside from the curb.This spot is close to my hotel and the food is excellent ! We had the crab fritters and wings for appetizers. Since there were 6 of us in my party the waitress thought to mention that she could add an additional fritter since there were only 5 in the order! The wings had some spice and were cooked to perfection. I had the Tap Burger and it was delicious. Juicy and flavorful and did not need ketchup. Finally the onion rings were crispy and well seasoned. I will definitely be back!Best dry rub wing!!!!! Must try!!!! Great atmosphere,  lots of different beers to choose from. this is also a great place to watch the game with friends they have a huge screen above the bar. Oh yeah, did I also say the dry rub wings are greatRecently I arranged to have a work-related event here in their private room towards the back of the room, at the end of the very long bar here.  The room was great for my event since it had about 10 tables on the perimeter and room for 40 or so more people to stand and mingle.  There's a 10' serving table at one end of the room, and we had our own dedicated waitress, Danielle, who was really helpful and efficient.  I pre-arranged with their event manager, Janine, to purchase tickets for beers which I distributed to the guests, simplifying things, but people also made direct purchases, too.  But I didn't actually have to pay for the room as such or even make a specific financial commitment, which was nice. 
My wife ordered several food platters (appetizers like wings, hummus & pita, bruschetta, cheeses, etc) which went over very well.  Proximity to my job and their 42 beer taps were the primary draw for me, but it turned out to a pretty painless experience and a very  enjoyable place to have a party.  The music in the Tap House was pretty loud, but inside the room, even with the doors open it was very easy to converse.  I only had good experiences with the staff and the food & beer, so I can recommend this place for events without any qualms at all.While the service was great, I was really disappointed in the mussels. They were slimy, tasted weird, and grainy. They allowed me to order a replacement which I really appreciated. But now I'm fighting food poisoning on Christmas Eve. Hopefully it was just a random occurrence.Any place with GREAT FOOD AND DRINKS, marble counter tops and warm water in their bathrooms is the place for me. The dry rub wings and the crab cakes are EVERYTHING. Loved this place.I give this restaurant an A for atmosphere. The food was ok. The pizza was not the best- a little doughy the crust. I expected a better tasting sauce too. The salad was ok, which is saying a lot- I give it a B+. I'm picky about salads! I would go again and try something other than the pizza!They get three stars for the private room for NY Giants game BUT zero stars for their disgusting excuse for nachos. Cold cheese sauce does not equal delicious nachos.All I can say is this place is one of the reasons I wish I still lived in Philly. Came for a visit and make sure to stop by for brunch before I had to travel back home. The manmosas and bloody mary's were great! We also had a ton of appetizers, none of which you can go wrong with. Their tap house burger was to die for as well. The atmosphere is trendy and casual. Tons of TVs so great for football sunday. This place is a staple for me, can't wait to go back.I was invited to a get together of college friends from days long past being held at the Logan Square City Tap House. 
Until that invite, I wasn't even aware there was a second location as I was very familiar with the 37th street location and had been there many times. I knew the Logan Square location would be great if anything like the mothership. 
Located right next door to the Logan Hotel (formally the Four Seasons), there's a garage located behind the restaurant on the same block. Winning! 
Chalk one up for Logan City tap House for easier parking. 
We had a reserved section to the right of the host stand. It was spacious with tables and even about 5 bar stools. I realized I had been in this space before as it was once home to Dock Street Brewing. The CTH does a fine job keeping the beer flame flying high as they have an extensive list of choices on tap and in bottle.
The makers old fashioned' my lady and I enjoyed were excellent. 
The restaurant is huge. There are televisions everywhere, allowing us to watch the fighting Phils beat the Atlanta tomahawk choppers. It has a lively, energetic and fun vibe. All toilets are unisex and private with shared sinks. Here we all can get along. 
Our waitress was on point the whole night, definitely a pro. Also a shout out to the GM who stopped by to see that everything was going well. 
The food choices that our host made were excellent. 
I particularly enjoyed the chopped salad, the pork tacos, the crab balls and the margarita pizza. As bar food goes, this was very good.
It was a great night. We definitely will be back.Pretty good if you're there to watch a game or something. Also good if you just wanted to grab a drink which is what brought my friends and I here. 
Being from NYC, we were more use to having lots of places open late. And while in philly there weren't that many (or maybe we were just in the wrong neighborhood). Saw this place on yelp, and decided to go in because it was open late and had drinks. 
Walking in it seemed like a bar/ restaurant and it was pretty big. We had to wait however because they were kind of busy, apparently some big game was playing. Didn't have to wait too long though, a group soon left and we got their booth. But, we had to ask the hostess if we could take the seat, seems like they didn't even notice it? Which I did not like, since we were there waiting. 
If I remember correctly, they had a good drink menu. We started with the sangria and then each of us got something different. Everyone had mixed reviews about their drinks, so make sure you ask more about what you're getting if you like your drinks a particular way. Anywho, we got a flight of beer after our second round, and the waiter was very nice when we asked her recommendations and also very patient while we tried to decide. 
Overall, if you're ever in the area why not. 
Good sporty crowd. 
But wish the hostess kind of paid more attention to her customers.This place is massive. And yet, when I came here with a party of four on a Saturday night around 7pm and was told it would be a 90 minute wait.
So we made a reservation and came back on a Thursday, instead.
Tons of beer and tons of great food. I definitely recommend the short rib tacos, even though they're a tad unfairly priced at $12 for 3 tiny tacos. Really flavorful.
Wings and mussels are solid choices too. But this place ain't cheap and there aren't many happy hour deals. Zack and I spent about $80 here on a weeknight without trying very hard. Watch out for it.I'll start with the positive. Food was great, we decided to split some small plates among the two of us. We had the Honey Goat Cheese Flatbread, Grilled Artichokes and Foie Gras Pate. we enjoyed every bite. Now to the bad.
This was our first time visiting the place. Despite having a reservation, we were seated in what has to be the worst table in the place. In the far left corner near the upper bar. You sit under an a/c vent so we were glad we had coats. The crowd at the bar just about sits in your lap and will regularly bump you and the table. Our waitress was great at first and the food came out in a reasonable time. We normally would have had a second beer, but the waitress never made it back over to us. Sitting with empty glasses and plates, we waited ten minutes before we decided to leave. We could have easily just walked out of the place but stopped at the hostess station. She was texting and I asked her to get the manager, which she promptly did. I explained the situation to him and he was very apologetic. He went to get our bill when our waitress showed up. She was also very apologetic. The manager cut our bill by at least half and gave us two drink tokens for us to use on our next visit. 
The food alone is worth coming back. I'd again make a reservation but would never accept sitting at that table in the corner again.I had high hopes as I've been to City Tap in University City and I love the place but this was a comedy of errors, or would have been if it hadn't cost $100 for the experience. We arrived only to find they didn't have the reservation we made. Then we had to wait quite a while for our drinks, because the bar was busy. I dunno, but if you're really close to the museums and you offer a Saturday brunch, shouldn't you expect a brisk business at Saturday around noon?
Then we finally got our drinks and ordered. My friend inquired about the chicken and waffles to see if the chicken was on the bone or not, and since it was, ordered the hash instead. I ordered the crab benedict and my other friend ordered the tri tip cheese steak. When food was delivered, my eggs in the benedict were virtually hard boiled, the tri tip came bereft of cheese and despite having ordered hash, it was the chicken and waffles arrived. 
While they did correct the steak and hash, by the time they did, we weren't eating together.  Then the waitress promised to remove one of the dishes from the bill, but that didn't happen either. 
If this was their first week open, I'd chalk it up to learning curve, but if they're really positioning themselves as a great place for brunch/lunch and want to capitalize on the busy footfall of museum visitors, then they'll need to up their game. Tourists may not remember one inept dining experience, but as a resident, I'll not soon forget it.We had a great experience at City Tap House Logan Square. It has a great atmosphere and the food was delicious. The hamburger was one of the best ones I have had in a while. The service was great; our server was attentive and patient while we looked over the menu even though the place was packed. I will definitely be back.
The only down side was that we parked in the parking garage that is adjacent to the restaurant thinking our parking would be validated or discounted. It was not...despite being told by the restaurant that you could be given a discount when you speaking to the garage attendant, the parking garage apparently has no affiliation with the restaurant, and we ended up paying $15 for the privilege.Chris was an awesome bartender! We sat at the bar for a few drinks and he was very helpful and friendly. The restaurant was pretty crowded for a Friday at lunchtime but we were able to get a seat quickly. 
They also wear some pretty awesome shirts!I was staying at the Embassy Suites across the street and I am so happy that this restaurant was within walking distance because my fiance and I had a very delicious dinner here. The atmosphere is very typical of a bar, we came during happy hour and the place was extremely lively but not too loud that we couldn't hold a conversation. The service was really great as well. Our waitress was extremely friendly and made some delicious and helpful beer recommendations. 
As an appetizer we ordered the Corn and Crab Hush Puppies. We are both fans of hush puppies and I love seafood so these were a must try for me. They were lighter than other hush puppies I've had and I actually preferred that because it made for the perfect appetizer. Not too heavy and it made it really excited for the rest of my meal.
The beer list is EXTENSIVE. It's three or four pages (printed on long paper and the font size is pretty small too so, you get the idea of how much beer they have) of choices on both bottle and draft. They also feature local breweries as well, which is a fantastic way to try local beers. I tried the Yard's Love Stout and I'm usually not a fan of stouts but this beer was not too dark. It was delicious and very refreshing. It well with the Sausage and Mushroom Flatbread that I ordered. The pizza was a great size for me (we ordered an appetizer as well so I took half of the pizza to go) and the toppings tasted so fresh. 
Something that I really enjoyed didn't even come with what I ordered. My fiance ordered the Tap Burger and it came with truffle aioli dipping sauce which was SO GOOD. I LOVE LOVE LOVE truffle oil on anything and I think I ate half of the sauce by dipping my pizza crust in it. My fiance also really enjoyed his burger. He said it was the best burger he ever ate and he appreciated that it was cooked perfectly. 
We both had such a great meal here that we will definitely be back.I came here for a Yelp Elite event with a friend of mine. They had a few different drinks on the menu and they rotated in different food options. I tried the pulled pork sliders, plain & pepperoni pizza, hummus, and chicken wings. The chicken wings were very good and probably my favorite. The pizza and sliders were also very tasty. The hummus was olive based, and I don't like olives so I wasn't a big fan of that. My friend really enjoyed it though, so if you like olive-y hummus, you'd probably enjoy this one. I can't remember the name of the drink that I had, but it tasted like a pink lemonade and I really liked it. The bar itself was on the small side, but still nicely laid out. I'm glad I was able to check out this place, and maybe next time I'm in the area, I'll check it out!Really enjoyed lunch at the City Tap House today.  All four meals at our table were delicious.  Interesting selection of tasty beers (tried two). Comfortable restaurant.  Friendly attentive wait staff.  Wish they had a location in San Francisco!!I know I'm late to the game, but I haven't been to this place since it was Public House. I like what they did with the inside; the open concept really works for this space. I met my friend here about a week ago and thought they had a great beer selection and we really enjoyed our food. We had the Waimea pizza, which I LOVED. I was a little skeptical about pineapple incorporated into pizza, but the pineapple brazed onions were awesome and added the perfect amount of sweetness. If I lived in the city, this is a pizza I would get for takeout way often. We also had the pancho mussels. Delicious! Also, bonus points and random fact - this place has a ton of restroom stalls. Must make the late night bathroom lines way less annoying.Just a quick in and out at this fun spot.  We sat at the bar and ordered the honey and goat cheese pizza.  OMG!!! Delicious! We each had a drink and we were off to our next destination.   Service was great and prices reasonable so I would definitely consider coming back.A kind of pretentious place, but ok food.  Before dinner they only serve a limited menu.  Got the nachos and they were actually really good.  People I was with really enjoyed their Caesar salads.  Waitress was close to the worst.  Only interested in getting us to buy more things to rack up our bills, kept pushing the beer--which OK, I get it's a beer place but it was just odd and pushy.  And the majority of the table wasn't drinking. I asked for lemons twice and she disappeared and never brought them.  She basically never came back after we ordered until the very end.  Never came to see how food was after it came out.  Too busy chatting w. coworkers.
One large unisex bathroom which is definitely my first experience for that.  Kind of surreal to come out of the stall and see my boyfriend washing his hands.  Not bad or good, just a first for me.  Really nice and clean bathroom though.This is a really good casual place, especially with a bigger group, but it can be incredibly loud. I've had excellent service every time, and I've always had a great meal, but the food seems a bit too upscale for a restaurant that's main attraction is the beer. I think they would do well to add some more simpler, tavern fare type meals.There was about a 20 minute wait, but our server was able to expedite our meal so that we could make it to a show on time. Very excellent service. That was much appreciated.I have never in my life had a hostess tell me, "there's another reservation for your table in a little over an hour, so hopefully that's enough time."  Wait, what?!  Now there's a time limit on how long you can stay at a table?  I found it unbelievably rude.  We had a reservation too, so maybe they're being booked too close together...
The only reason my review got 3 stars is because the food and our server were great.   I'm not sure that's enough to get me to go back - I was so put off by the rude hostess.  It made us feel rushed and unwelcome.The service at this City Tap House is seriously sub-par.
Came here during off-peak hours and it took FOREVER to get our drinks. Our waitress let us know that one of the kegs was tapped, but walked away before we could order something as a replacement. We had a few appetizers and they were okay, but overpriced in my opinion.
This place still draws the type of crowd that the old Public House establishment did, so if you're not a 20-something in law school or living at the expense of your parents, then you may feel out of place here.
One upside - the bathrooms. They were definitely my favorite part of the visit.Plenty of open tables and we still waited 20 minutes.  Food just OKQuick and friendly service. Bonus if you're from out of town like we were, Howie is an undercover tour guide. Def will be back!I am giving this restaurant a 5 star simply for the beer menu and the wings. The beer menu changes a lot which is great but they always have a good core you can trust. But don't kid yourself and get the wings on the small plates portion of the menu. You get 10, it's a dry rub, don't be skeptical like me. They were stupid good. Service was nice, restaurant was clean, but the wings are worth the visit in itself. I travel ALOT for work and have had a lot of wings, these are in my top 3.Came in on a Friday night for dinner with friends. Even though the place was hopping, we were seated quickly and our waitress was fantastic.
There were a couple of ciders and the waitress was more than happy to give me a sample so I could decide. I had one of the flatbreads with my cider and it was delicious.
We also had a soft pretzel for the table, which was awesome... loved the dipping sauces. Perfect casual pre-race dinner with friends!Great vibes for lunch! Their city tap burger is actually amazing. Had great umami flavors, which I was not expecting. Their selection of beer is pretty dank too. Our waiter also was super chill and knowledgeable. Would come back!Great place for a business lunch. The service was great. The hostess seated us promptly. The Sashimi Tuna Salad was fantastic!I work in Logan Square...so after visiting their location in UCity regularly, I was pretty excited about this development(except I'll always miss public house's $10 burger and beer - unbeatable).
Impressive selection of beer but a few issues (1) every time I'm there they have different selection - yes, a double edged sword but if they have your favorite beer on tap - don't expect it be there next time (2) pricey and NO happy hour - come on guys, you've got a ton of people who would be way more incline to catch their next train home if they didn't have to pay full price for every beer on tap (3) food is unreasonably expensive and the service was terrible but I haven't eaten these since their first couple weeks being open so I'd hope they've worked out the kinks.  
I'm sure I'll continue to go back (simply out of convenience) but they could do ALOT better..step it up guysI came in last night after a work event to watch the remainder of the Cubs game.  I indicated to the wait staff (after about 15 minutes of waiting for someone to serve me) that I had others joining but wasn't sure how long they would be.   It took the server 15 minutes to get me a menu and approximately another 15 minutes to get my drink.  While their beer selection and food is very good, the service and the clientele leave a lot to be desired.bomb.com dranks and treats. the pimento cheese aint for the faint of heart. pretty sure its laced with some sort of illegal substance because i cant stop thinking about and its kind of giving me the shakes. great place if youre into super heady ipas brah. cant wait to go back 7443994 more times.Something for everyone.  The staff were amazing by not only providing great service but also making excellent recommendations.  TVs were a bonus to watch the game.   We will be back when we visit Philly again.  The kids enjoyed the pizza and the avocado grapefruit salad was delicious.We started with the blue crab Mac and cheese and it was delicious. We then split the tap burger (added bacon) and the Parma pizza. Both were great, the burger was cooked exactly as ordered and if you like truffle oil the Parma pizza is for you. Fries were only average but with everything else being so tasty and great service this place deserves a 5 star rating!Food is surprising, draft selection amazing, staff lovely. A great experience overallToday was my third visit to City Tap House and I love it! This is my go to place for client and work related lunches. The food is incredible and they're home to the best salad that I've ever had, The CTH Steak Salad. Today I forced myself to try something different and was not disappointed. I ordered the open face crab melt and it was awesome!! The hush puppies were out of this world too! City Tap House would have gotten a 5 star review, but the service was pretty slow today (we were one of the only tables in the restaurant), and they were out of the homemade chips that we ordered. Other than that, it's great! I will be back many times in the future.This place was way more expensive than I was expecting. I got the ten spice wings and they were $14. They were pretty good though! Not the best wings Ive ever had but they were different. They just had the spices on them and I liked them a lot. 
My boyfriend had a cheeseburger which was also a bit pricey. I had a taste of his burger and it was not cooked to how he requested it. Nothing worse than a overcooked burger (well maybe an overcooked steak). Disappointing.
They had a good beer selection. We both had 2 drinks each. We got 2 different kinds of beer each as well. 
Overall this wasnt as special as I thought it was gonna be. I dont mind paying more for food that I know is gonna be good, this place was a little bit of a let down. Like I said the wings were good but the burger was overcooked and didnt have much flavor. 
Not sure if Ill be back here. Most likely not due to the city having so many other places to choose from. 
My recommendation is to make sure the food is cooked to how its supposed to. And for the burger- make it something unique. Something that you cant get anywhere else.I really am a fan of City Tap House. Good beer- open atmosphere, great for a happy hour with all of their flat-breads and finger foods.
You can reserve different open areas for private events which is really nice! Great space to mingle.
2 things you need to try:
1) Hushpuppies
2) Whipped Ricotta (OMG with that jam on top it is phenomenal)
I definitely think of City Tap as more of a bar/Happy Hour hangout than a restaurant. But hey- they serve great food.Very nice ambience. Was crowded on a Thursday night and we had to wait for 30 mins. They have a great selection of beer. We tried the beer claimed to be made of oldest wheat. It was pale and mild and even a bit fruity - just the way i like it.
For dinner had the rissoto mishroom and it was good.Pretty mediocre. Had nachos, pimento cheese and corn and crab fritters. Food is just average. Not bad but certainly not good. They have a solid draft list and several signature cocktails. They also have a huge segmented tv to show multiple sporting events at the same time. The space is large as is the bar. They had plenty of servers and all were nice. They were just very slow and inattentive. Pretty disappointing. Probably will not be returning.A solid spot to watch a sports game in Philly. I live right around the block in Logan square so it's nice to have a place serve solid food with a great beer list to watch an eagles, sixers, etc game. Was there for march madness this past year, and it was an awesome experience. Only downfall the wait can get a little long with any big team playing.Just attended a brunch at City Tap. I highly recommend if you are planning a private party you look elsewhere. It was the worst buffet brunch we have ever attended. 
This restaurant is probably great for dinner or a get together but large party...NO WAY 
Let's start with the party room. 78 degrees from 10:30-3pm. It was a nice way to stay sweaty and uncomfortable for a few hours. 
Food was the worst. See my photos. Every time we went up the food trays were empty. They did not have the staff or means to cover 100 people maybe 20 at best. 
No drinks for hours. We waited 40 minutes for coffee to be made. Who puts out two carafes of coffee for a party of 100. One reg and one decaf. Amateur. 
We also had no plates and people are stacking up on line. It didn't matter when the plates arrived because the food was constantly empty. No one was eating so I'm not sure what the problem was. I did see the chef cooking and eating constantly in the kitchen so maybe he was eating out brunch. 
The tables had no service for again 100 people. they had this little table with drinks on it and it was always empty as well. We had to beg the waitress to bring us coffee and waters. This party was filled with young children, adults and a hand full of elderly couples. You think they would server at least water. Plates were never cleared from the table either and probably the reason they had none at the brunch line. 
The manager was onsite the entire time but he didn't seem to have any answers or know how to handle this many people. A few of the waitresses stepped up and brought us water. They were so nice and really felt bad for everyone. 
If this was my event and we have thrown many events like this these guys would have had a serious problem. This wouldn't fly in NY/NJ
Glad we were surrounded by amazing family and friends that made it a little easier to joke and get through this restaurants faults. 
Check out the photos and if you decide to book a party don't say I didn't warn you. Just to be clear the party was not at full capacity and still the trays were empty and no coffee or drinks.My friends and I went on a cold Saturday night for a birthday party- and it was actually pretty good! The beer selection is very similar to the Tap House in University City, perhaps not as big. The food menu is similar, as well, and the flatbread I tried was good. The largest notable difference is the size. Same feeling- dark wood, cool music, lots of sports TVs, lots of people of all ages- women in tight dresses and men in collared shirts. A little too bro-ish for me, but that's a-okay! 
The cool part was the private reserved area my friend had for her birthday, and I believe there were two of these bar areas that were available to reserve. We had access to a bar, and were in a corner up a few stairs, overlooking most of the restaurant. That was great! 
There was free coat check, and the bathrooms were co-ed (individual stalls) so the lines were manageable. Will I be back? Maybe, if someone invites me. Will I ever initiate a visit? Probably not, but it's not City Tap Houses fault. It's just because there are so many other places to try before returning here.3.5 rounded up to 4. Came in for NCAA championship. Beer selection was good, service was good, and food was good (not great). Given, you got to knock it out if the park for me to give a 5 star review, but overall I'd give a 4ish.  Tavern burger ordered medium-well was over-cooked to well, but was still good  (onions saved it).Really good! The atmosphere is a mix of new with old highlights. The food was excellent. The hush puppies E awesome! Really good burgers, too.City Tap House Logan Square was the perfect place for my wife and I to have our rehearsal dinner. Everyone we talked to, from servers to hosts, was incredibly kind and genuinely excited to host our rehearsal dinner. The pricing was great and they even made a special drink menu so that we could stay on our budget. We dropped off some decorations and a flash drive with a slide show we had made on the morning of the dinner, and when we arrived later with our friends and family they had transformed the back room completely and it looked gorgeous. Janine was our Event Coordinator for the evening, and she was a pleasure to work with, checking in with my wife and I frequently to make sure everything was going well. And the food! I don't think there was anything our guests didn't love. At the end of the night they packed up the food that was left for us so that nothing went to waste. It was the perfect start to our wedding weekend.Went on a Saturday evening. Nice vibe great big tv screens all over. Was at the bar where they were super attentive and got some drinks and got to watch a but of football games! Definitely check it out. Good happening spot.I was in Philadelphia for a work trip and wanted some beer after a long day. Yelp led me to City Tap House, just a 10 minute walk from my hotel. I showed up around 7 pm on a Wednesday -- there were no open seats at the bar but lots of tables available. 
The beer list was great -- lots of local options with some unique beers/limited brews mixed in (including Evil Twin's James Beer which was brewed with strawberries and olives!). They offer flights and 10 oz/20 oz pours for most beers.
I wanted practically every single item on the menu, but I settled for the signature burger and fries. The burger was juicy and cooked well. The fries were close to shoe-string style and came with a great dipping sauce. 
By the time I left the place was packed. Seems like a great spot for the after work crowd in Philly!Only had appetizers, so I can't speak to its meals. A bit unimpressed with the small plates. We did 3 for 20 and got the hummus, whipped ricotta and cheese dip--all were spreads. Additionally, we had the pork nachos, which were the best part, but eventually got soggy. Great beer list!Server was excellent despite being the only one around. Food was great. The burger here is my favorite. The fries were a little cold. Wings were perfect.We were already drooling over the menu before we showed up, and the actual food didn't disappoint.  We got to sample a little bit of everything from their brunch menu as part of a large post-wedding day event that we attended.  The bride and groom served up some of their favorites from this place...and I can see why they both love it so much.  The food was very good and that is saying a lot when you have to try and keep things tasty via chafing dishes.  Really liked the mac and cheese, but there were other people there, so I just sampled everything.  The sliders, were great, the home fried style potatoes were the star of the show...wow, just perfection on how those are made.  Yeah, there was a salad there as well - but you know this was after a wedding celebration night, so the carb overload was a welcome treat.  I also enjoyed a Bloody Mary with just enough spice to keep we alert for an all day tour of the city.  We would love to come back here and order off the menu, as we saw some amazing plates going to tables.  The bathrooms here were a little triply.  Like 10 private booths and everyone uses the same sinks outside...so you get really friendly here.  Cheers.Prior to moving to Philly last July, I stayed at a hotel across the street from City Tap for about 6 months. This place became my standard for dine-in, to-go and for client get togethers. Great creative menu, wonderful interior and a fun, vibrant atmosphere. I am taking my team here next Thursday even though they might be sick of it!Bartenders are friendly, service is great and the food and beer is delicious. What more could you ask for? Ashley especially is a total gem!Very good burger!  The 10 spice wings are a perfect crispiness but I wasn't a fan of the brown sugar on them.Arguably one of the coolest vibes and best burgers in town - and right at Logan Square.  Find Caden and drink whatever she recommends.  Don't be shy - talk to people and all of Philly is your oyster!  Casual bar, fun staff and great ambience.40 taps? Yes please. This time Tap House is serving up more than just beers on tap, but wine too! I can't wait to try some new wines I wouldn't normally try if I'd have to buy the whole bottle.
The decor of this place has my kind of vibe. It has a much cozier vibe than Public House had. The lighting is very warm with unique hanging lamps above the booths.
It was hard to choose just a few things off of the menu for me and my friends to share (as we always do when we go out). We obviously had to split the crab mac and cheese to start. It had more crab than I expected and there was a panko crust on top to add some extra texture.
Next we had the ham and mushroom flatbread. It was hard to stray from my favorite honey and goat cheese pizza I used to get at the Tap House in UCity, but I'm glad I did because it was delicious. The arugula topping added a nice crisp freshness to it.
For main course I had the seared tuna. It was seasoned and seared on the outside, and rare on the inside. I will definitely be getting this again next time I come back! 
Last but not least, the Tap House opening staff was delightful. Our glasses were always full and dirty plates didn't sit at our table for longer than a minute. 
I can't wait to come back to try the food I didn't get to try the first time around!I had a surprise engagement party for my (now) fiance, and Devin at City Tap House couldn't have done a better job helping coordinate Saturday's event. We got a private room that was spacious and well decorated, and the food was AMAZING. Would recommend their pizza, pigs in a blanket, brussel sprouts, and steak options. The bartenders were outgoing and helpful in providing recommendations, with plenty of tasty beers on tap.
The service was very friendly and hospitable, and everyone had a fantastic time and was never thirsty. The staff did a great job of checking in on us without being too overbearing. Will definitely come back - 5 starsThe atmosphere is good, most of the food is pretty good, I really like the pizza and wings. However did not enjoy the nachos. They were like a hot girl whose bad in bed. A damn shame too, because they were looking good and I couldn't wait to get some. Unfortunately The cheese was a weird and runny, didn't cover the top of the chips but the bottom was wet and soggy, the barbecue sauce was too sweet and the chips were too thin. All in all its a cool place to go with a friend and chat over beers and burgers but leave the nachos alone- they are worth adding to your (calorie) count.Great chicken and waffles. Big place. Got out food very fast. Would come here again. Not loud at all but then again we came for lunch.Cool atmosphere with great food. Nice area outside to eat and drink. Wings were my favorite.I've been here a few times and even though I have found the food to fall a little short for me, they definitely make up for in their beer selection and service.
The recently renovated space is still very large.  They have what feels like 3 bars in the main area so even if there is a private party going on (from what I've seen their frequently is) it doesn't seem to affect the other bars.  The drink prices are in line with what you'd expect in Center City but the selection is nice.  It seems like they are doing tap takeovers frequently.  It's a very nice feature to have a fresh tap list each week and CTHLG is doing just that.
I've sample the pizza, chicken satay, nachos, wings and the hummus.  The wings are my favorite of the bunch for their flavor and the cook on them.  A beer and an order of those do just fine as a meal for me.
I happen to work very close to here so many of our happy hours tend to be planned for this location.  I think they're doing a pretty solid job and I'm glad we've got another good beer spot close to the office.Came here for lunch and everything was just delicious. Hubby and I ordered the margherita pizza and the corn & crab hush puppies for apps. The pizza was delightful with the right amount of crust chewiness. The hush puppies were an unexpected treat. It's been a while since I had some and was never a huge fan but these were fabulous. The came out sitting on a nice remoulade with a side of butter that I can't really explain. It was just good.
For our entrees I had the Tap Burger and he had the Tri Tip Cheesesteak, both with a side of the fries. Still delicious. Everything was cooked perfectly. The burger was a good, healthy size but it didn't make you feel like a slob afterwards. I didn't taste the steak but hubby loved so that's all that matters. All in all it's a cool place with a cozy atmosphere. I definitely recommend.Food was very good and very accommodating to gluten allergies. There was not gluten free bread though. I got a Ceasar salad with chicken and no croutons. Service was great and waitress was very nice. Would not recommend getting the iced tea - it was gross. My mom got a cheeseburger and loved it. French fries were great too. A lot of things on the kids menu - my younger sister loved the chicken fingers.Large, comfortable environment, solid and fairly large tap list including two cask choices. Went with my daughter after a visit to the Academy of Natural Science, and unfortunately hit the Tap House between lunch and dinner, leaving us with the abbreviated "anytime" menu. The hostess also made sure to tell us we could also order from the bar menu which would add A few additional choices. Small detail yes, but so many times I've been out and left to guess at my options. Service was super friendly but not overly so, and from everyone we dealt with throughout our meal. Food was excellent and well prepared from the explosion of flavors in the Korean short rib tacos, to a very creamy blue crab mac n cheese, to my daughter's perfectly cooked medium rare burger. Enjoyed the whole experience from beginning to end, keep it up CTH!Everything is great; the atmosphere, the beer, the management only the service needs training.Highly recommended, had pulled pork nachos and beer.  Loved it.  Beer good.  Sport bar/ pub atmosphere. Didn't have to wait to sit down.We ordered chicken wings and beer. Beer was okay but wings were not upto the standard. The chicken used in it didn't seem fresh. Very over priced for the quality of food. I wouldn't recommend this place.Visiting from California and noticed this restaurant was near our hotel. I was so glad we went because the food and service was awesome! First of all our waitress Taylor was very attentive and did a great job overall. We ordered the pulled pork nachos and wings to start and both were very delicious! I ordered the pork ribs for my entree and that was just as good. If I'm ever in Philidelphia again I will definitely be back!Where no body cares to know your name , or drink order .and of course botched my food order , so I feel it's a nice atmosphere and nothing more .This is basically where my Yelp experience began. My friend invited me to a Yelp Elite event here and we had such a good time. They had a couple areas reserved for the event and they had a menu of drinks that we could select from. I can't remember the name of the drink I tried, but it tasted like pink lemonade. So delicious! For food they had pizza, hummus, chicken wings, and pulled pork sliders. I only tried the chicken wings, hummus, and cheese pizza. All 3 were great, especially the wings. Easily some of the best I've had in the area. I really enjoyed the event and since this place is very easy to get to, I may definitely come back!came here for football Sunday. Loved the food... I would classify it as premium American fare. Loved the chicken waffles, which comes with maple syrup and spicy jam. The chicken was cooked to perfection and the combination of that and the bloody mary made my hangover go away :)   Highly recommended!They have great salads and an incredible selection of beers. I love their flat breads. They're also conveniently next door to me. My only complaint is that the attentiveness of the bar staff leaves much to be desired.The selection of beer is good.  I enjoyed the blue crab sandwich.  There were plenty of TVs to watch and the wait staff was very attentive without being obnoxious. I will go back again.Came here with some friends. Two of us didn't order anything. One of the waitresses filled the half of the waters at the table and ignored the other guests. Quite rude.This was suggested by a bartender in the Logan hotel. The food was so very good. I got the Mussels Pancha and my hub got the margarita pizza of course. Omg the mussels are a huge portion and fresh and flavorful. I got fries on the side too and they were crispy. My hub didnt love his margarita drink but he really liked the pizza. Good choice and reasonable price.Great place to grab a craft beer and watch the game. Trendy vibe for a sports bar. Definitely not the divey type of place you normally see. Great selection of beer, lots of room to spread out, tons of tvs.Let's just say that if you're between the ages of 22 and 35, work in finance, sales, or a combination of the two, and love paying $8 for a beer...This is the spot for you!!
The clientele is really just comprised of young, corporate monsters looking to get as drunk as possible, and I suppose that can be expected given the bar's location.
In all seriousness, this bar is ok.  I was here for a friend's holiday party.  The place is pretty big.  I was here for happy hour on Friday and there were no happy hour specials.  I didn't stay past 9 but I'd bet money that it turns into a shit show between the hours of 11 and 2. #unisexbathrooms anyone?Great food! Great beer selection! Overall wonderful dinner for my finances graduation.Only a 3 for city tap. Stopped in just for a drink and to watch soccer. 
The tv's are the bar are great. Was nice they had a few events on. 
Good selection of beers and while I didn't order food the menu looks good. 
My dislike-shared bathrooms. I looked into three stalls and all three had pee in the toilets and the seat with pee. Gross. Add to that you have men walking out of the stalls zipping up. Also out of the many paper towel holders only two had towels. This was at 7 pm on a Saturday night. Staff should be checking this.Went here for my birthday and it was packed! We made a last minute reservation and we're happy we did, as well as the hostess who really appreciated it! The staff at the host stand as well as the bartender and server were really nice and attentive. I got the trout which I thought was tasty but nothing special. The cheese board was excellent but I was disappointed in the mussels. I thought the beer selection was pretty good but my boyfriend wanted Belgian beers and couldn't find something he was really excited about. Would definitely give it another try! Very trendy inside!Excellent beer and quality food. I was drawn in by the holiest of beers: Pliny the Elder. City Tap house has a seriously great tap selection. Between Hopslam, Grapefruit Sculpin and Russian River our quick lunch suddenly became a slurry of beer tastings. I could not believe the selections of their hoppy beer menu. Many of the beers I have never been able to find and only jealously read about other people enjoying. This visit was my first to Philadelphia and I was taken aback by the craft beer presence. I'm curious, how does Philly get Russian River distribution? 
For lunch I enjoyed their cheesesteak. Stereotypical is something I typically steer clear from but the ingredients were gosh darn so intriguing.   We were taken care of while sitting at the bar to my delight and stumbled out the door satisfied while still yearning for another Pliny.City Tap House knows how to satisfy customers and they've done it again with their second beautiful location!  I've been to the UC location many many times as a solo beer drinker, with the lovely wife for multiple dinners, and with larger groups.  I know these folks so I had EXPECTATIONS and I'm delighted to say they easily met them!
We were at a private party last night and decided to take the celebration to CTH for appetizers and drinks. What an amazing experience. Almost immediately a manager acknowledged us from our UC visits.  A few minutes later a second manager acknowledged us from Yelps 10th Anniversary Bash.  When you revisit a restaurant, there is nothing better than to be remembered.  Kudos to management!
The atmosphere here is bustling.  We found the noise level significant but it's the sound of happy folks quaffing beers and enjoying good casual food.
We ordered two appetizers this night.  The first was a CHEESE & CHARCUTERIE board.  We choose two cheeses and one meat for $16.  It arrived beautifully presented with lots of intriguing accompaniments.  Everything was fresh and tasty.
We also ordered the KOREAN SHORT RIB TACOS.  These three tasty morsels included pickled cabbage slaw, cilantro, and chili sauce for $12.  They were OMG delicious with a nice spicy chili kick.  We would order these again in a heartbeat!
Throughout our light meal our waitress was wonderful and combined with managers checking on us we found the customer service to be excellent.
Now we are faced with a serious problem.  The lovely wife and I will need to decide which location to visit when we want a great casual meal!  It's a problem we'll happily deal with.Went here on a Saturday night with my son and boyfriend and it was a great experience! We had a great table with a view of the tv over the bar and the staff was super friendly. The 10 spice wings are phenomenal so make sure you get those :)Walked out after being ignored by bartenders.  Probably won't try again.The food and service was incredible! The best part was that they had an incredible gluten free menu with many amazing options. I would recommend anyone who is gluten free to this restaurant!Fantastic brunches that are a bit pricey but you get what you pay for. Their beer mimosas are apparently a thing here, but I think I prefer regular mimosas. I've also come here for happy hour drinks during the weekday. Great craft beer selection, but the place can get pretty packed.The beer selection here is choice! They occasionally switch up their beer menu, so if you come here alot you will have new beers to choose from. Beer prices can be $5+ to $$9. Your tab can scale up quickly if you are treating people rounds. Its been a minute but i believe wine and wine are comparable in prices. It  a lends closer to the pricer side. On other hand, it is a popular destination for most people and on semi-cold nights the place can be packed since they have a fire pit area outside indoor bar on the top floor. 
Overall, it is a chill spot. I would recommend people to pre-game or drink before you head to this bar because of the crowd. You might be waiting for a while for servers to come around. It is not all their fault since it's difficult to be like ten different places at once.If you want a special beer you will probably be happy you came here. 
50 beers on tap for a price a little higher then you want to pay. However, if you are interested in good service, good food, or a good place to "watch the game", this is not it. Add lots of UPENN undergrads rippin cigs on the balcony and it's definitely meh.
The food is RIDICULOUSLY expensive for the quality.. really. The food sucks here.Ambience was great, a nice environment to recover from New Years with friends. Brunch specials were delicious with big portions. However, service was slow and they were out of biscuits (had to substitute with an English muffin).City tap has the best of both worlds, good food and good beer.  We sat outside because it was a lovely sunny day and had the pleasure of listening to Splintered sunlight. The beer selection is vast. I had half philly brewing co Walt wit with half lemonade (not on the menu but they did an excellent job making it) and my boyfriend had a Sierra Nevada Kellerweis. We ordered a Chicken Caesar Salad and the Potato Leek Flatbread.
The Caesar was delicious! It had Parmesan crisps and garlic croutons and the chicken was grilled really well and was tasty. Our flatbread had a bit of a kick to it. The potatoes were a bit under done for me but were still good anyway.
Our waitress was very nice but when the check came we happened to notice that were charged to split the salad. No where on the menu does it say there is a split charge nor did the waitress give the courtesy of telling us about it so that was a bit disappointing. 
All in all it was a good experience.Great place to eat nice atmosphere outside seating with fire pits food is good must try shrimp creole I luv it.beer selections over the topCity Tap House is hit or miss from me: When it's good (enjoying a lunch outside or the fire pits outside), it's wonderful. When it's bad (not getting served for 30+ minutes), it's really bad. 
One of my recent visits to Tap, we were rushed off the fire pits at night "for a private reservation"...the people WITH the reservation said they were fine to share it and to let us stay. Nope, we were moved to a table. At the table, we somehow couldn't get service although the waitress kept walking by and gave us water? Another time, I waited with a friend for a waiter to come take our order. Most of the time, the wait isn't a huge factor if it's a nice day, but it's a bit out of hand and I'd have trouble recommending it for this reason.
The food is pretty typical, I'd recommend the vegetable bruschetta-consistently good the 4-5 times I've had it. Their salads are also pretty generous and tasty; the burgers weren't my favorite when I've had it. A lot of City Tap is the atmosphere, which admittedly is pretty great.So much love for this place!!
Every time I'm in Philly, which is usually every weekend and sometimes an additional weekday on top of that, you'll find me at this spot. 
And every time, you can find me somewhere at the bar since their bar takes up more than half the restaurant and the vibe is always warm and welcoming.
You would think that being on a college campus, it would be filled with a rowdy young college crowd but it's far from it.  I LOVE LOVE LOVE the crowd here.  It's always diverse and friendly.  I can come here by myself and strike up convos with the bartenders or with random strangers at the bar.
Tons of bartenders working on any given day and they serve up the full menu at the bar.  Chris is one of my faves since we share a love of IPA's but they all share a love of beer and of this place as well.
**You'll have to keep in mind the time and which day you go since they serve their brunch menu and Sat and Sundays from 11-3pm.  From 3pm-4pm on these days, they only serve pizza and salads and then the kitchen opens up for the dinner menu after that.**
FOOD Recommendations:
 - Mezze Plate is an excellent starter.  As a fall/winter seasonal item they switched the original hummus to a Pumpkin hummus. Tasting this at first was a surprise and  might not be for everyone but I truly enjoyed it.
 - The Abigail and Pancho mussels are solid.  Huge plate full of mussels and the broth/sauce for either one is really flavorful.  The toasted bread that accompanies this dish is perfect to sop up the sauce.  (You may need to ask for more of this bread lol!)
 - Classic Margherita and Tartufo Pizzas are money as well.  That brick oven heat makes the crust with just the right crispiness and the toppings for either are never skimped.  
 - Brunch Menu Item: Pulled Pork Hash, was alright but too heavy for me.  The man friend ate it up but still commented that it was only mediocre.
And the main reason why I'm always found here is because this is a full fledged CRAFT BEER spot!
They have all kinds of events where they feature certain breweries or certain types of beers such as a dark beer event, so their tap menu constantly changes.  
You must come in and see their selection for yourself.  It does not disappoint.
Firepits and a large outside patio area make chillen outside accessible all year round.
Take the elevator up to the UT floor and stay for some phenomenal beer, great ambiance and an inviting vibe of chill peeps.This place is a nice twist on the shitty bar scene around the outskirts of Penn.  It's situated in kind of an odd place, with an entrance that's not immediately recognizable as such, and we literally had a tour guide bring us in from the street into the restaurant.  This place is obviously about beer, and lots of it, but you'd be missing out if you don't try some of the food.  Their burgers are huge and tasty, and their pizzas are great too.  Lots of stuff to be had, so don't blow your load on typical bar food, though it's all great.
Huge, open space, and a patio area out back with fire pits.  11-year-old me would have fucking loved this place.Ive been to City Tap house twice now since it has opened. The first time was on opening night. My girlfriend and I sat at the bar and the service was top notch. we had full explanations of beers in question and the bartender was very helpful. I ordered the burger and she got muscles. The food is definetely overpriced, but the burger was good and the bacon was nice and crispy. As for the muscles, well I liked them, but it didnt come with bread in the broth which was a bummer. 
The second time we went was tongiht and everything was much worse. We waited about 20 min for a table, finally settling on an outside table for quicker service. the waitresses didnt really seem to know anything about the beers we wanted either. However, they were super friendly and gave good service. The worst part about this time was the food. I got the "suckling pig" special on fridays and my girlfriend got the grilled chicken salad. the "suckling pig" is NOT suckling pig. It is BBQ pulled pork. MAJOR DIFFERENCE. and I'm pretty sure the suckatash that came with it was frozen or pre packaged, because it didnt taste fresh at all. The chicken in the salad also was completely dry and overcooked which left a plate of lettuce.
So to sum up, this place is good for beers. Go to the bar for better explanations of what your looking for and skip the overpriced food.City Tap House was A-Ok. My husband wanted to take me here one evening without a reservation and we ended up at another spot due to the quoted wait time of one hour (aka too darn long); however, I finally got to eat here with a friend. We met for lunch the other day.   It's one of her favorite restaurants and she had her wedding rehearsal dinner here. We both ordered margarita pizzas and shared an order of fries. Service was courteous and our food arrived quickly. Our pizzas were bubbling brick oven goodness and the fries were crispy and hot. I recommend making a reservation if you plan to come after work. During lunch hours the restaurant was practically empty.If you're looking for a fun place to hang out with friends where you can actually hear the other person speak, great beer and a unique ambiance, Tap House is definitely the place to go. Their beers on tap change multiple times a week so you can always try something new. The highlight of this place is definitely the fire pits which is something different, especially for the University City area. 
They also serve dinner here and the pizza is pretty good. I haven't tried much of the other food. The only downside to Tap House is that the bar area is kind of small and when it gets crowded (especially in the summertime) it can feel kind of cramped. Sometimes they have a live band that can get really loud, but the outdoor seating is always a plus, even in the winter. You also might want to get there a little earlier to claim a fire pit before they all get taken! Also, some of the beers can get pricey and their happy hour is nothing special. 
Overall, I would recommend Tap House for a low key night when you want to do something a little different then your typical bar scene.To be honest, they had me at 60 beers on tap. Obviously, very nice selection. Service was attentive but not cloying or smothering. Outstanding burger and substituted the Caesar for the fries. Great salad. Dressing wasn't overpowering or mayonnaise-y. Will definitely return the next time I'm in Philly.As one of the few bars with people my age (25) in University City, I ended up frequenting it more often than I should have. The staff is friendly (especially Andre), and if you're lucky, they might give you free drink coupons. The food is really great. My only complaint with the food is that there were no salads that appeal to me, so I'm left confused and usually end up getting a veggie burger or pizza, which are both delicious. It's an upscale pub atmosphere. If it's nice, sit outside. The roof deck is awesome and certainly worth the wait!
BUT it's all REALLY overpriced. The house wine is $8 or $9. It's a steep price to pay to stay away from undergrads, but I paid it more than once (or twice).Second time here during my stay. Up from MS for surgery at CHOP. CTH is a little pricey, but a great atmosphere, with great service and the food is flawless. 
I would've given 4 stars because of price, but that's not fair. 
Great job y'all!On a nice day, the outdoor seating is quite nice. They have a good selection of beers. However, the service was really, terribly slow.Love the green roof, the outdoor seating and fireplaces, and the local beers. The pizza isn't even that bad, and at $10 for a an 8ounce beer and a pizza, it's not a bad place  to meet a buddy for lunch, especially if you work in the area. But their waitstaff is rock dumb. They may be as pretty as the space, but their basically useless at waiting tables.I've been here for brunch, lunch and dinner and I've had good experiences with all. I love how convenient the location is and the decor is warm and cute as well. 
As a vegetarian, I'm a huge fan of the veggie burger. The Bistro Breakfast Burger can be made vegetarian and is a little on the dry side, but still tasty. I probably wouldn't order this again, but I love the egg on top concept. 
The veggie burger for lunch and dinner is absolutely STELLAR. I often crave veggie bugers, and this is the first I think about in the Philly area. It's light and tasty, and I usually opt to not eat the bun and it's still amazing on its own. Perfect flavors. 
I've also tried a pasta dish here, as well as a pizza. The Margherita Pizza is awesome, and I love adding eggs to pizzas so I've tried the Margherita Pizza with an egg on top which was awesome! 
The sweet potato fries are also excellent, but beware that when they ask you for what you would like with a SIDE with your dish (salad, fries, sweet potato fries) they charge you extra for sweet potato fries and it ends up adding around $2 to your dish price.  The waiters and waitresses also tend to not mention anything to you about the extra charge for sweet potato fries as a side, which irks me. Not worth it in my opinion for the extra cost, but yummy to eat as an appetizer! 
Overall, yummy and would definitely recommend because it seems to provide a solid and stable dining experience regardless of the hour of day!City Tap House is okay- but not great- for the price. I've had the opportunity to go many times, both for brunch as well as dinner. I've tried many of the apps (including the wings, short rib tacos) and many of the entrees (such as the pizzas, steak, duck confit fried rice) and long story short- nothing is particularly memorable. At the price point, I feel that pizza is done better at Franklin Table or downtown at Pizzeria Vetri, and as a whole, the food (at least to me) was on the blander side. At the end of the day, my main problem with City Tap is that while everything ultimately comes out being okay, there is no stand-out, exceptional dish.
That being said, what this place has going for it is a wide variety of beers and a great ambiance, especially outside near the fire pits. I think they also have bingo one night a week, which is also pretty fun!City Tap House is probably fancier than my usual spots but the  occasion was meeting a date for drinks so I complied with her choice.
The bar is an attractive space, the building itself is also new and architecturally  modern.  I compared it to buildings that make up the piazza.  
The beer list was only a page long with a nice selection.  They ask you to fill out forms to review their beers which sounded like a cool idea though it also sounded like they were just going to fill up my email inbox as soon as I gave them my information so we declined. 
The clientele was young professionals all dressed as if they were coming from work.  
Overall I'd say though it wasn't my typical place to go to it was a nice place and I'd go back again.Good adult place in uni city. Food is amazing. Nice craft brewskis.The place was deserted when we went for an early lunch. Seated by the window, we got a great view of the green roof, looking lush with spring growth and soon to be in flower. The outdoor seating with firepits would be just the thing on these cool spring evenings with spring beers to match. 
Gotta tell you, the spinach salad with figs was just superb. Don't even use the salad dressing, it will overpower the delicate flavors of fresh strawberries, blueberries, goat cheese and of course figs! A delight!It's overrated honestly. There aren't great vegetarian/pescetarian options and it's too underwhelming for the price.City Tap House will always hold a special place in my heart. I lived in The Radian during my 21st summer and this gastropub was my gateway into the wonderful world of craft beer. There were endless possibilities when the server handed me the clipboard of 60+ beers on tap with helpful and entertaining flavor descriptions. 
Every food item I've had here is solid too. I remember my friend pushing the Tartufo pizza on me (mushrooms, taleggio, fried egg, black truffle oil) and saying, "Trust me" after I questioned how an egg could work on a pizza. He was right! The unique combo of ingredients were so flavorful and worked well together. The majority of the time I opt for a Craftwich like the wild boar burger or the Free Range PA Turkey Burger. The Tap Burger, especially when an add-on of pork belly is an option, is easily the best burger in Philly.
Make sure you save room for dessert: there are a variety of freshly baked cookies that come in a mini cast iron pan and can be topped with house made gelato. My mouth is watering just thinking about that killer combo!
Overall, City Tap House has been the go-to place for any occasion. I've been here for birthday celebrations, farewell parties, and even a watermelon eating contest (with delicious watermelon beer of course). This West Philly institution hits the spot every time.Was here back in August. Couldn't find our server for the majority of time we were here, granted they were slammed, but when she finally did come around she refused to clear our plates that we were done with for an hour. She would only clear glassware, which was gross bc we had mussels (which were not in the sauce we ordered and weren't good). I could forgive the wrong order, but leaving messy plates in front of us for that long? Apparently it is beneath the servers to clear their own tables. I guess she expected a busser to eventually make his way to us? When my friend finally asked her to remove them, the server gave her a death stare and chose to promptly forget about us for another hour (I'm probably exaggerating the time, but it sure felt like an hour!). We finally had to stop a different server to beg for our check. Might return based on the fact that the atmosphere was pretty cool outside, but that would be the only plus.Though it wasn't my first time hanging out here, last night was definitely the best experience I've had. I met a friend for drinks around dinnertime with my dog. Not only were we promptly seated outside in a comfortable area, the host brought out a bowl of water for my pup. This is a huge plus for me at any establishment, as I hate leaving him home alone when I already know I'm going somewhere with outdoor seating. For this reason, I'll probably choose CTH as a default spot for outdoor drinks over Harvest (though they're cheaper) because they don't allow dogs on their patio.
Anyway, my friend ordered short rib tacos, which he loved but said they were hard to eat because the tortilla was small. This wouldn't have bothered me, though. We each had three beers, which were all great. The waitress (though I forget her name) was extremely helpful and fun to chat with. I hope to see her there again to take some of her beer recommendations. Overall, a great experience for quiet snacks and drinks. Perfect for catching up with a friend in a relaxed environment.You would enjoy their various selection of appetizers and entrees. Honey lavender ice-cream was refreshing and creative.I love this place - great beer, great food, great atmosphere. The rooftop deck is great. The only thing is service could be better - especially out on the deck. It's always really crowded = a sign they're doin somethin right!I've been frequenting City Tap House on various occasions.. from happy hours, dinner, day parties and networking functions.  Overall, I like the place.  Staff is cool!... The food is good... go for the 10 spice wings and their burgers! Definitely try a beer flight too!  Atmosphere is laid back.The outdoor patio is a must when the weather is good. You can can find the college co-eds and professionals at the bar.. all just trying to have a good drink (or two), good conversation and decent food.City Tap House has a great open space bar and dinning inside, an even better outdoor seating for nice days, coupled with good food.
My favorite dish was the BBQ Pork Flatbread. It was flavorful with a bit of a spicy kick. I would definitely recommend it and get it next time.
The rest of the food I have found to be on par with other American Grills/Bars. I have had the Free Range Turkey burger and sweet fries, pastrami sliders, ten spice wings, and steamed edemame.
Overall, a great place to hang out, and the food is not bad either.Horrible horrible experience! Went there this past weekend and was waiting 2.5 hours for seating! When we went to check if we were being seated soon they had moved on to other parties and forgot about ours!! We knew we had not missed our party being called bc they send text messages and we did not receive any notification (and no, it was not a wifi/service issue bc I was receiving messages from other people during that time) We were finally seated only to wait 15 more minutes before being greeted by a waiter. On top of poor service, the food is mediocre, yet overpriced-- I spent $16 on a burger and was still hungry after. Also, after reviewing my bank account the following day, I have an unfamiliar charge of $20 from this place!!!! Ridiculous. I do not recommend.I've been three times and have had the same experience each time: 
Beer = Excellent
Service = Mediocre (or less)
All three times, I've sat at the bar - And all three times have waited quite a while before finally being greeted by anybody, had to flag down the bartender to ask for another round, etc.  The beer selection is great.  I wish the service could match the beer selection in awesomeness.I came here before when it was dead. Awesome service from a male bartender. He was very helpful and knowledgeable about the menu. 
I came here today and it wasn't that busy for a Monday night. My boyfriend and I waited at the host stand, as the sign said to do, for two minutes. Staff walked by and ignored us. Another party of three came in and waited with us for another three before we all decided to seat ourselves. My boyfriend and I sat at the bar...where we waited for another five minutes for service. The two bartenders made eye contact but didn't come over until we decided to do the club "wave your hand in the air at the bar and look like I'm desperate for some shots". We finally got a female bartender who got our drinks and we needed a minute on the menu, but she never came back. My boyfriend did the club wave again and got the male bartender's attention. He memorized our order but kept looking at the bar table while talking to us. Odd. But props on getting it correct.
Food wasnt not the greatest. We had a pizza with an egg on it, which I normally love, but it looked like the cook simply cracked it on top of the pizza before it went out the kitchen. The bartender circled around my boyfriend and I, though my drink was empty. Twice. Finally, I raised my hand and the female bartender asked if I would like another. I said I did and she served it quickly.
Service and food quality was definitely lacking this time. I'll try again another day, since my first time was pretty good. Hopefully it was just a fluke!Wonderful pints on a large stone balcony make summer in Philly all the better. Good, mellow crowd, as college students have gone home for the summer and many have flocked to the beach for Memorial Day. The beer list is expansive, with Belgian and wheat beers included, if often unavailable (kicked). The Tap House is a relaxing break from pubs, and 
a great place to enjoy a beer on the "beach".Service was slow. Food not great. Not worth time and frustration. Nice roof deck, but overall experience not worth it.Casual bar with friendly service. The kitchen closes a lot earlier than the bar, so if you plan on eating go early.  It wasn't too crowded and we got to seat ourselves anywhere. The crispy apple cider beer was light with a hint of apple cider that gave it a finishing touch.The beer selection is great and so are the wings. All of the other food is sub-par. The service regarding the waitresses is not very good. We had a waitress forget on two separate occasions to put our order in and after a reminder, still forget. The outdoor seating is nice with fireplaces for an added bonus.I came here for a casual drinks + dinner yesterday. It wasn't crowded at all on this Wednesday so we decided to just sit at the bar. The bartenders and waiters here are very patient as you decide which beer you'd like from the clipboard. They have around 60 beers or so on draft, which is amazing. A bunch of the ones I wanted were kicked last night, but I assume that was because it's in between seasons. Can't wait for them to have pumpkin beer on tap. 
After much deliberation and two other tasters, I ended up the Great Lake Silver & Gold, which was very good. My friend decided to be not as picky and played it safe with a Victory Love Stout.
We then shared the Pancho mussels in a tomato broth with spicy chorizo. They were fantastic; the spice level was just right. It came with a couple slices of grilled focaccia, and our waitress was very kind in getting us some more for us to scoop up the delicious broth.  I've been here in the past and the pizzas are also delicious. 
One of the best parts about City Tap House is the amazing roof-top patio they had. Since the weather is around 50-60s at night now, they've turned on the fire pits for a cozy factor. There's no bar out there though, which is a bummer.Got here at like 1:15 ish on a Saturday afternoon and they were still serving brunch. It was the perfect spot for a friend I hadn't seen in a long time. If you have like a $60 budget for two people (entree + mimosa) I'd highly recommend this place. He loves his food and so did I! I got the chicken and waffles and a crab corn fritter appetizer. Super good. Will definitely return!Although I cannot speak for the food, the beer menu was impressive, and the prices were reasonable. 8/10 would recommend.The beer selection is superb. The roof deck with the fire pits is a great atmosphere bonus, I especially like it out there in the fall to sip on a good stout or porter when it is too cold ti sit outside anywhere else. The food is always delish and the service is always top of the line.Huge bar, very open-air feeling.  We had a pepperoni pizza that was really good and a salad.  Huge beer selection, although kind of disappointing because there weren't many unique beers.  Quantity over quality. We were even there during beer week.  But - the good part is that there is something for everyone.  They had live music which was nice.Went there a few days ago with a friend - they have wonderful selection of beers on tap, and not only that, but they will offer you a small sample of your chosen selections so that you can make your final choice.  But best of all - we had been chatting with our wonderful bartender, Jenny, who is also a nurse.  When my friend felt ill (a problem with her leg), Jenny came over and was extremely supportive and helpful until my friend could sufficiently recover.  Thanks so much again Jenny!  We are fans of this place and look forward to returning!I went here on a really nice Spring day with some friends. They dragged me there...I had no clue what to expect. I loved it! 
The location was really nice atop some steps about The Radian. The inside was really nice as well, boasting extremely high ceilings with really cool decor/accents. The layout was just really nice and relaxing. 
There were few people there so I did not experience any of the service issues that other reviewers mention. The waiting staff was pretty quick, courteous, and incredibly attractive O:).
I got a Stretch Chicken sandwich, fries, and sampled some of my friend's Belgian waffle. I never had Stretch Chicken before but it was amazing. Completely balanced price and portion and just so tender it melted right in my mouth basically. Just a really cool, textural experience you don't have every day with chicken. The roasted red pepper complimented the taste really well too. The fries were good as well: nothing exciting, but nothing bad at all. 
My friend's Belgian waffle was really good but at the price, I wouldn't really recommend it when you can get much hardier, "foodier" selections instead. Otherwise, if just looking for sweets though, it definitely does its job.
All in all, nice, QUIET place to go with some friends. I stress the quiet because I loathe places that are all about alcohol and completely anti-conversation. No loud music, a great view, good company and good food all makes for a great lunch :).The venue is really nice the fire pits are amazing! They should sell marshmallow kits . I ordered there fried rice and the chef was able to put shrimp in it for me. The shrimp was really good but the rice was somewhat bland. My waiter was Freddy he was nice! Great serviceGood place for happy hour but a bit of a journey for any folks in Center City.  I especially like the firepits and the mediterranean platter.  
Solid draft list, sweet potato fries, and mac n' cheese.  
The deck is the main attraction!Apparently, City Tap House's veggie burger is supposed to be one of the best in the city.
Let's just say it's not even close. The flavor was soooo mild and boring, and the burger was dry even with mayo. I got mine without cheese, but I judge a burger by it's patty, and there are many other delicious options in the city. 
That being said, there service I received was EXCELLENT. Very friendly people at City Tap House, even amongst the chaos a  Friday night brings. Our server Brian fielded all our awkward beer questions with a smile. 
Based off the food, I probably won't go again, but it was a decent time anyways.This is my go-to bar. I've been here so many times I lost count. 
The drinks are pretty good and the food can be delicious. Although, the wait staff starts to make a lot of mistakes as the dinner rush starts coming in. 
My date and I ordered the Berkshire pork milanese, the chicken, and mussels. He got a beer and I asked for a Captain and Coke. Unfortunately, I got a Jack and Coke with a rather burnt chicken and my date got an undercooked pork. The waiter was extremely friendly and tried to fix it as soon as possible. But the dinner rush was starting to come in and he was preoccupied with other tables. 
ORDER THE MUSSELS, people. It's so delicious. We got the panang mussels and can't wait to try out the other ones. 
The tab did come out to something a little bit more pricy than we had hoped, but we had a nice time. Next time, we're just going to get three orders of mussles; it was out the whazoo.This is a nice restaurant but not exactly a destination for a beer lover.  Although they advertise 60 taps on our visit there were only 46 choices available.  That might seem like a lot but some of the choices were very standard like blue moon and coors light and Sierra Nevada pale ale.  Was disappointed they were out of the Sly Fox O'Reilly Stout that was on the 46 option beer menu. Some good choices we found on this menu were Three Heads The Kind IPA and Stoudts FourPlay single hopped IPA. Aside from the IPA selections, it was an overall uninspiring beer list..there are many better places to drink craft beer in philly.
I give the food high marks though,  we had the hanger steak daily special which was tender and delicious and came with an interesting side of celery root and sautéed mushrooms.  A pepperoni pizza was outstanding with a slightly charred thin crust spicy pepperoni and slices of fresh hot peppers.
The service here was mediocre.  We sat for too long before being offered the beer list. Busboys cleared my husbands entree plate before I was finished with mine, and my pizza plate was whisked away wile I had the last slice in my hand.  Lol.   We were not offered a dessert menu though I assume they do offer dessert.
The dining room was airy and modern with an open kitchen and large windows opening onto a patio. Looks like it would be pleasant in warmer weather.  I found the large screen TVs displaying various sports games to be a distraction.
Overall this would be a good place to take your college student out for a nice meal.  It's too expensive for most students to be able to afford on their own.food is a little overpriced i think but it's delicious so i guess i will deal. My boyfriend and I stopped in for just a few beers and a snack and we didnt leave disappointed.Brought the in-laws to City Tap and had a great dinner.
I had the burger and it was very good.  My wife is still praising the saffron mussels she ordered with sweet potato fires.  Overall the food was great.
But the best thing about City Tap is the beer.  Andy Farrell has something very special going on at City Tap.  Pages and pages of different beers on tap.  I recommend the Hitochino Nest White (I think that's what it is called).  It is the best white beer I have ever had. 
I can't wait to see what they have planned for Philly Beer Week!Caught up with an old roommate from home one night while visiting Philly and really enjoyed ourselves! We sat out by the fire pits and really enjoyed ourselves; it was a nice roof top escape in University City and gave us exactly what we were looking for after a long day. We split a couple of pizzas - the Pulpo Flatbread was our favorite as we'd never had grilled octopus as pizza topping and really liked it. The beer selection was just varied enough for us and we had fun sampling. Thought it was a great UC getaway spot!This place is great. I've been here too many times to count, but there are a good range of reasonably priced options that are outstanding. They recently dropped my favorite burger (lamb burger was amazing), but they still have my wife's favorite (the turkey burger).
The honey goat cheese and salumi flatbreads are great for sharing, and the hushpuppies are always popular. If you have a large group getting together for happy hour, it can be a bit tough to mingle because of the layout of the bar area, but if you're there early enough you can pull a few tables together, and the servers are great. You can also reserve space outside or in a little room off the entrance, if you plan ahead and don't want to be super crowded. You can also set a limit on the tab, to be informed if your group hits a threshold based on what you're budgeting, which is nice (and they can limit the drink options, if you're into that). Basically, they're great for groups. They also have some pretty great table and booth options for groups of pretty good sizes (10-12).
I also really like the beer selection, which isn't just large, but also varied. Some places will have 100 beers to choose from, as long as you like it really dark, or like it really hoppy - this has something for nearly every taste (that can be reflected in a 2 page beer list).
Probably the best thing about this place is the large amount of outdoor seating! Sometimes these can be taken up by people who have called ahead, but I can probably get outside 75% of the time that I'd like to (may just reflect the distribution of when I've been, but I've been at all hours, from lunch through pretty late dinner). Sitting around the fire pits is also very cool, though you can't share appetizers with people on the other side very easily. Also, be careful that none of the paper that comes with some foods catches on fire.Tap House is a classic choice at Penn. 
I haven't had too many food selections here, but I do think that the mussels are delicious! For somewhere around $12, you get a huge bowl of savory, fresh (or I hope) mussels with a piece of delicious olive oil baked bread. Each time I come here for food, that's what I order. Another friend is a die-hard striped bass fan, so maybe I'll give that a try next time! Drinks are always not bad either. I'm a bigger fan of their IPA, and some of the speciality drinks aren't too bad either. Happy hour is always worth the value. 
Service is decent but not great. The waitresses sometimes have a great sense of humor, especially if you're repeat customer that they remember. A couple of the bouncers have been kind of mean - but I guess that's what they're hired for, so I can't really complain.Really good selection of beers. The food options are great, especially if you are a vegetarian.
The fire pits outside provide great setting for large groups. Definitely intend going here often for after work happy hour get togethers.I got a great story to tell that literally happened May of last year but has continued to be an epic tale to tell every single person I know. I'll get to it in just a minute but first:
City Tap use to be sort of like the place to have a drink in UCity. Outside fire pits, large indoor bar, and a substantial beer list. As a cider drinker however, I'm usually limited to the one keg of Angry Orchard they always carry and God forbid that kicks, I gotta man up and drink a Jack's hard cider. The cocktails, they have very few of and are not so great. Good wine list though, and not so terribly expensive that two glasses means I can't pay cable for the month. 
Anyway, City Tap is where I would meet friends, have a drink or two or suddenly 6 and 4 hours later I'm shoving chicken fingers down my throat at Axis before I blackout in a friend's bed. City Tap is the precursor to all bad things.  And I'm not the only one who thinks that; the bar is an interesting mingle of college kids (duh) and old heads. The bar can get loud and rowdy as a cafeteria and I can barely hear anyone over the noise, especially if they jam a dj or musician in the corner. 
Okay, the story that really prompted this review: It was May. I was picked up for my first date with a guy, and everything was going pretty neat as we hit it off with nice conversation, stuff like that. It was raining and City Tap was a decent choice and not too far from home so I could book it if things got weird. 
It was a weekend I think, but we got there early enough that there was no bouncer checking IDs. I have a Connecticut state ID, and I was 22 at the time of this happening. CT is a commonly fake ID, but I've never gotten issues with any bar I've gone too. Yeah they play with it a little more than a PA ID and might use the blacklight, but what happened this one particular night was so awful, so pitiful, that all I can do now is laugh and use it as an excuse to tell people never to come here.
The bartender we went up too was a younger looking girl, and she asked for ID. Cool, no problem. My guy showed his, a PA license, and it was no problem. My turn. She glances over my ID and says, "I'm sorry I can't accept this, it's fake."
Okay. I'm a born and bred blue blood New Englander. I patiently explained to this obvious youngster that it is indeed, a real ID. I also work as a bartender, so I explained how you can tell it's a true license by the tree hologram, clear picture, etc, etc. I said she could test me on the info from the card. No go. I offered to show her my credit and debit cards, and even school ID to prove I'm the person on the ID, but she refused to accept anything but a "passport or birth certificate or SS card."
Yeah, let me reach into the crack of my ass and grab those for you.
Eventually, she left to ask a manager. Okay, that would take all of 5 seconds. If not the bartenders, at least the manager should be skilled in deciphering what is a fake or real ID. Especially for those IDs that are commonly used as facts.
No lie, we were there waiting for FORTY-FIVE MINUTES. As in, 15 minutes shy of an hour. 
I could not have been more embarrassed. I told my date he could leave if he liked and we could reschedule for another time. My date however, bless his heart, stayed with me (and that's why we're dating now) despite the aggravating wait time. Several other bartenders asked if we needed anything, and after I told them what was happening, shared my look of confusion.
Finally, the bartender came back, my card in hand, and surprise, everything was legit! Apparently they were GOOGLING what a real CT license looked like. And to top off this lovely start to the night, the manager did not come out and apologize, offer to comp us a drink or two or ANYTHING. Not even the bartender offered to pay for our first drink. Nope, we payed the full entire $7 or so for each beer.
The next day, I emailed my angry rantings to the general CTH address and got not one single reply. However, because I'm a sadist and love my personal misery, I have gone to City Tap a couple times after this event took place. I have not seen that particular bartender and I'm hopeful that such an incompetent ditz got fired.
I get that living in a college area, you gotta be wary about them fakes. But that's no excuse not to hire intelligent staff who could tell a real ID from a fake. I guess CTH has had a bunch of strikes with letting underage kids wriggle through, and I was just that unlucky one to walk in with an out-of-state ID.
City Tap definitely stopped being my going to bar after that, and I only find myself there when my friends want to get wasted next to a firepit, or I'm bored and want to casually sip a glass of fine wine while sitting outside in the luxurious company of 40th street traffic. They still get 2 stars for the outside seating and sure the staff might be a bunch of boobs, they are nice and attentive and apologize for mistakes. City Tap, at least it ain't Smokey Joe's.Sat outside for dinner. Great atmosphere. All three of us enjoyed our meals. First visit with wife and college aged son. Looking forward to eating here again.I love coming here when I really want  a good beer.  It is a bit pricey, but they always have an excellent selection of multiple types of beer (sorted by style).  The food is good, if a little more expensive than I would expect, and there are several delicious vegetarian options.  When the weather is nice, the outdoor seating is some of the best in the city.  If you are a beer lover, you  have to try City Tap House.Very expensive and a decent draft list. Best thing about this place is the fire pits out on the patio, awesome in the fallThis is a great place to hang out and have a bite and a brew if you're in the older Penn-going crowd. I'm in a grad program at Penn and love coming here with friends for an after-lab drink, sunday brunch, or for any meal, really. I've never had a bad experience with food here and I actually find the menu pretty fun and tasty for a pub-type place. They also have football and hockey games on all the time, which is a plus. Your game not on? Ask the bartender to change the channel!
Their beer selection is pretty good, but they tend to run out of things often.They are pretty prompt at putting it on the "out-of-stock" board, though.
Bad things: I have had bad bartenders here on more than one occasion. One time, I was flat out ignored for 15 minutes while the bartenders talked and sipped water. I usually don't complain unless things have gotten to the last straw for me, and this was it. I wrote a comment card out saying that the service was ruining the great food, drink and atmosphere of City Tap. The manager quickly came over and apologized and gave my friends and I complimentary drinks for our troubles. Since I've been back, the service hasn't improved much. 
It can be a little pricey, but I keep going back because I love the food, beer, and the atmosphere. Great place to watch sunday football and have "The Hangover" pizza! -- sausage gravy, cheddar, hash browns and a fried egg on a pizza? With a Stella Artois? Yes, please!
EDIT: Went and sat at the bar for Sunday brunch to watch football. Got walked past for 10 minutes and kept flagging people down to take my order. The bartenders then attending to people who got there after me. Really?... Losing a star.The chicken sandwich was jokingly referred to by a mate as pre-chewed.  Regrettably, that turned out to be rather true.  The chicken was called pulled, which meant it was finely shredded and then mashed back together like chicken salad. Weird.  The bread was good and the sandwich could have been redeemed with more roasted red peppers and greens.
The on-tap beer list is quite good, with nice selections in different style categories.  This is why an otherwise 1 star review gets bumped up to 3 stars. 
A large place; good for big groups. Service was efficient and accurate.There are two locations for this Restaurant. I have visited both several times and I find this location to be superior to the one in Center City Philadelphia but both are pretty good. I will review this location here alone.
You walk into the restaurant and it is a second floor Restaurant view in the university area. That makes it pretty fun and youthful, or young professional as they say. The crowd is a bit mixed but interesting. Once you're in the restaurant upstairs there is a very large bar. I sit there more often than at the tables. The craft beer list is absolutely sensational. And the bartenders are incredibly well knowledged about the beers. I get flights to try things out and then order accordingly which is a great concept. You can also sit outside other than doing any of the inside tables. The outside when weather permits is really really cool in that there are fire pits and an open view of the area with a very modern setting of glass & metal. The outside seating is GREAT!! The menu consists of mainly being a REALLY great bar food menu that touches on creativity in a simplified fashion.  I love the frites, burgers, apps & flatbreads. The hosts/hostesses always seem to need improvement on attitude & friendliness but it is totally outweighed by how friendly & informative the servers & bartenders are,  so not too big a deal....but the management should work on that. The prices are a bit high for what the food is and its location but that is okay I guess. It is still the city and near wealthier colleges so the crowd can afford it. And it does a good thing about keeping the wrong crowd out. I am Not sure if there is valet but otherwise parking is a bit of a hassle in the area. I can usually always find it within a few blocks but it requires some patience. All in all, a fun place to go. It definitely works better as a hang out with friends than for anything else but definitely worth a visit.While it's a nice enough place for drink, the amount of college kids here overshadow the great ambiance. Being right in the middle of Penn's campus I guess I can't complain, but there are definitely better locations further into the city if you want to avoid the younger crowd. Damn... When did I get so old...Amazing beer selection and typically has good food but was disappointed at the size of the salmon I ordered yesterday!Great beer selection and atmosphere. Love the sweet potato fries, margarita pizza.
I've been here a few times and I also love Jen and Becky, they're always friendly and  have helpful recommendations of beers to try.Off the bat two great things about this place are its ability to manage a crowd and the beer selection.  My friend organized a two hour open bar at City Tap House for his birthday.  Unlike many other open bars, bartenders were attentive, friendly, and willing to give recommendations on beers.
The beer menu is extensive.  Organized by style as well as a supplemental list of the rotating taps, they give a description and are transparent about price and ounces served with each pour.  
The fire pits outside are gas powered (so no smokey clothes - awesome) and really do help you keep warm on a chillier night.
We had a variety of food served at our party and while I only tried the thin crust grandma pizza (which was amazing), the ribs, sliders and hummus looked wonderful.  Friends gave the thumbs up.
A great venue when solo, with a small group, or in a crowd.  There's a parking garage just up the block, and the University City area is nice to be in.After coming here for a work party, I was really impressed and wanted to come back again for dinner. The wings, cheese plate, and some other items that we had for the work event were great and the beer selection was awesome. So, the following night I came here for dinner with my girlfriend and we were left very disappointed.
What started as a promising night with flights of beer for the both of us (an excellent appetizer choice!) quickly became some what disgusting. Despite it being in the 40s the night we were here, there were flies every where! We were no where near the exits or the outside fire pit area, so I don't know why there were so many bugs around. Then, our food was also pretty awful.  I had a chicken sandwich that basically was completely wasted.
If I come back, it will be for the beer as their selection is really impressive and I liked doing the flights, but I don't see myself eating anything expect the wings.The bar is beautiful, the outdoor seating with fire pits is really fun
The drinks are good especially when they have drink specials in glass beverage containers
The prices are a bit high, and the food isn't fantastic (minus the sweet potato fries) but this is the place to come for a great happy hourThis place had potential, but I found it to just be okay.  Was there early on a Saturday night and it was pretty empty.  Considering it's in University City - during the summer - I figured that's why.  Our waiter was very nice and pretty quick.  For an appetizer, I tried the crab and corn hushpuppies and they were definitely the highlight of my meal.  They were very tasty and melty.  The condiments that came with it were a really nice compliment to the flavors.  This restaurant also has a pretty decent beer selection if you are into that kind of thing.  For dinner, I had the pepperoni pizza and it was not great.  It was so incredibly spicy that I had a hard time even getting through the meal.  It was making my eyes water.  A pepperoni pizza should not be spicy like that and even if its supposed to be a made into a spicy pizza, there should be a warning on the menu.CTH experiments just enough with classic American dishes to bring something refreshing. You cannot go wrong with their Tartufo - I never thought I'd appreciate eggs and truffle oil on my pizza so much! - and their chicken and waffles. The crispy chicken wings ooze with flavor, and the waffles are freshly toasted. The honey thyme butter, coffee stout syrup, and red pepper jam that accompany it add so much to the dish. CTH is on the pricier side though, so I'd only go here for special occasions.The ambience of the restaurant is great. Hands down I would come here again, just for that. I didn't have the best of waiters, so my experience was just ok. The food is ok, not sure its worth the cost. But I loved the beers and the drinks. I would definitely return in the fall to experience the fire pit. Aside from that, its just ok.Went here for dinner tonight...the place was half full was told there was a 45 minute wait. Sat at the bar, order the pepper appetizer was pretty bland and flavorless. they dumped a bag of peppers into the fryer with no seasoning, sauce or breading. Shouldn't be served at a restaurant or for $7.  Ordered the scallop plate...three scallops and the tiniest polenta cake and puree - it was the size of an appetizer. I alerted both the bartender and the manager of my disappointment and they did nothing. Unbelievable, for $24 at a casual restaurant this was a total rip-off for scallops. Normally it comes with side dishes ...something to make a plate not require having a second dinner. I want to like this place but it's a total scam.Dear City Tap House, I called your bar in UC yesterday and asked if there will be live music (I've been there a handful of times before and you've had great entertainment). The lady who answered the phone told me you do starting at 4pm, so we showed up. We arrived around 4:30pm, and while the lady at the front table was putting our bracelets on as she charged us $5 each, I repeatedly asked her where the live music was. She continued to dodge answering the question and shortly after, we realized why. There was no live music. Instead, there was a man sitting at the bar enjoying wings while he played music on his laptop.  Though I believe that there is an art to DJ-ing, that should not be considered live music. I could've played everything he had on the speakers on my handy dandy iPhone. Needless to say, we are pretty disappointed. Please be a little bit more honest next time a customer calls you.Had dinner here mid-week with a buddy of mine. We didn't end up arriving until shortly after 8pm - Luckily I made a reservation here on Yelp (Very helpful, quick & easy to do) and there was a table waiting for us upon arrival. 
Both of us ordered from the dining days menu. The menu offerings appeared diverse and had more friends joined us, we could have sampled more plates. There were many things 86'd that evening - unfortunately we found this out the hard way. Both of us ordered the arctic char entree - only to be told later that it "was no longer available". One of the drinks we ordered "was not available". The dessert my friend wanted was "unavailable" by the time we finished our entrees. I understand that menu items can sell out but the front of house staff could have done a better job at communicating every 86 item amongst themselves so that customers could be alerted as they order. 
The wings had a fantastic spice blend (dry) and were quite good. The crabcake appetizer was lackluster, although the dipping sauce was interesting - I know the weight of the crabcakes determines the quantity served, however the two portions in the app seemed small - even more so when placed next to the wings since approx. 10-12 wings were served. My buddy had the tamales - which he enjoyed. I had the chicken - it was presented nicely and was juicy and succulent. Accompanying vegetables were quite good too. We got the fruit crisp and strawberry cheesecake/shortcake and both were well worth the wait. Both of us enjoyed the large portion size of the fruit crisp along with the presentation in the cast iron pan. 
This was the first visit to City Tap House for both my friend and I. We arrived minutes after 8pm and were seated/greeted quickly however we did not finish the 3rd course until between 10:15-10:20pm. The time between courses seemed a bit lengthy. As dinner was calming down and the outdoor patio was emptying, we expected to receive our meals quicker. The prolonged time between ordering & discovering the 86 items seemed to slow things down but should not have caused any serious hangups. Aside from the 86'd items and the extended time between courses, it was a solid, tasty meal and I intend to return and see how things go! 
Great atmosphere/ambiance and good crowd. Our waitress was friendly & knowledgeable and she did a great job.Love the bar space here! It's such a huge bar with tvs placed conveniently in front of your face. I had the grilled ham & cheese, and it was nothing spectacular, but the ham was definitely piled high. The beer was what I was most excited for, and of course being a girl, I went straight for the beers with notes of bubble gum, peach, and guava. I like the idea that they give you tasting cards, so you can write down what you like and dislike about each beer.Love the atmosphere here , large, open, high ceilings, lots of people and energy. They've got a large patio that overlooks walnut street with a fire pit. Perfect to grab a beer on a warm night. They have an extensive beer list, I like that they have a lot of beers in each category. I like Belgians and wheats and was happy by how many of those they had on draft. They offered a flight where u can sample 4 beers. A little pricey at 15 dollars. Also, a decent amount of their draft beers were already kicked, which was kind of frustrating.  
I ordered the turkey burger and it was so dry. The cheese, aioli, and avocado were good, but not enough to salvage how dry and awful this patty was. I asked the waiter if I could substitute sweet potato fries instead of the regular fries that come with the burger. The waiter didn't tell me he would charge 5 dollars for this substitution. I could've ordered an extra side of the sweet potato fries for that price.  On the bill, I was charged 17 dollars for that awful burger. I could've gone to village whiskey or a Steven Starr restaurant and gotten an amazing burger for cheaper than that cardboard.  Our waiter was slow, frazzled, never came around to get additional drink orders, forgot about drinks we ordered, and took forever to get the bill after we asked. 
I am on the fence whether I'd return here or not.A great place to come and lounge on the rooftop during the summer, don't even bother coming here during the winter because you'll be inside, unless you're into frost bite and polar vortexes. The beer selection is great but the food is incredibly mediocre. Being a center city folk I don't get out too much in uni city but when I do I inevitably end up at city tap house (for some reason I'm really craving a dosequis right now)It pains me not to give City Tap House a higher review, but I've been there enough times now to say that they have a problem with consistency of food and service. It sometimes feels like they have an entirely different kitchen and back of the house management team running the place from night to night. On some occasions, service has been thoroughly acceptable and the food pretty good. Other nights, I've sat so long waiting for service my table began wondering if we unwittingly had the invisibility cloak over us. Waiting forever just to be served a piping hot burger with sad, soggy cold fries. CTH is a great spot to grab a drink with friends, as long as there isn't some corporate event/penn reunion/whatever else that takes up the entire bar, which seems to be most of the time recently. CTH would do well to focus more on their operations as a restaurant rather than a corporate event space, which it sometimes feels like.That pizza with the egg was sooooo yummy in my tummy. The fried green tomatoes were so good and there was like a small salad on the dish. The dressing was delish. I hated their wings they had a sweet, cinnamon taste n they were undercooked. Beers were great and cool atmosphere.A lamb burger with fennel salad, smoked paprika aioli, kalamata olives and feta yogurt. Pork nachos with walt wit white cheddar sauce, love stout bbq, fresno chiles, coriander and red onion. Broccoli rabe. Garlic parmesan fries with truffle aioli. Ladies and gentlemen, this food came from a bar! Well, I guess it's defined as a Gastropub, but still, for somewhere we went to "grab a drink" that turned into "let's have a bite to eat," I was beyond impressed at their selection as well as their quality.
Add to that the remarkable service we received, and the awesome beers on tap we tried (Love Stout!), and you've got yourself a 5 star experience. Nothing about this place gave me pause. The decor was dark but classic, the seats were comfortable, we experienced a short wait time on a Friday night - I can't complain.
The coolest part was when the check came at the end of the meal, and the server brought over a tablet. It allowed us to check off the items that we had and pay with our card right then and there, signing with a finger and getting a receipt emailed. Then our cohorts did the same thing to pay for their portion. Such a simple concept, but it made things so easy and dare I say - made paying the bill fun?!
City Tap House, whether it's for another lamb burger and fries or just some craft beers, we'll be back in no time. If only just to get to pay the bill again!the first waiter we had was kind of seemed annoyed but still did his job in  a timely fashion. When our  waiter change the experience changed many managers came up to ask if we were okay and so did our waiter.  The food and atmosphere were amazing and i was happy there would like to go again.Hidden gem:  upscale burger and beer place, with emphasis on the beer.  Nestled into the Penn campus, the City Tap House is a fantastic place to have a quick or relaxed meal, or a social event.  I had the house burger with fresh jalapeños (which was not on the menu but which they easily accommodated).  Only one burger on the menu, but it comes with lots of options (bacon, avocado... and the unadvertised jalapeños!).  The beer list is another story. I was visiting with family and so I did not want to fully immerse myself in all of the choices, which were many. Had a very interesting German beer which was low alcohol but still had a nice body and complexity.  Numerous Belgian beers, wheat beers, etc.  Clearly the name of this establishment says it all!  Truth be told, the burger was good but not great (okay I am a burger snob).  The service, however, was perfect --available enough but no pressure.  Lots of space and good ambience....  Highly recommended.Great outdoor space on a nice day. Average food. Terrible service. 
I had the margarita pizza and the crab Mac and cheese. The Pizza was "ok" and I couldn't even finish the Mac and cheese. The happy hour specials aren't anything to brag about -- $2 off drafts and $6 house wine. 
Overall I wouldn't suggest this place but if you're looking to just have a beer on a rooftop it's an alright place.i had a dumb-as-rocks bartender. i'm assuming it was her first day, as in, VERY FIRST DAY, and i'll try to forgive the horrendous service because we all need time to learn.
we sat at the bar for 15 minutes before anyone realized we hadnt been served. she did not know how to say the beer that was on special.. instead of making a joke about it or attempting to say it, she literally stood there blankly saying "uhhh. i dont know how to say it. durrr." we decided on wine, and the wine was corked. after that was rectified, she took away my friend's glass before she finished it. then we were charged double. 
if i ever make the decision to visit again, i'll be sure to update. but that experience does not make me want to go running back.This review is based on their brunch menu.
Pros: Wood trims, high ceilings, and an outdoor porch area that faces the busy university streets.  I had the beef brisket and potato pancakes with a fried egg on top.  It was a huge serving and really tasty.  I would definitely get it again!
Cons: I don't really have any cons... 
Will definitely be back for their non-brunch menu.Atmosphere was pleasant and the staff was very friendly. The patio is a nice bonus except the awkward patch of grass that was clearly not kept up with. But besides that, all in all, a very good experience.This place is a classic for many things in University City. From beer to brunch to dinner, this place has it all.
When walking to City Tap House, or as the locals like to call it, 'Tap', you are hit with an exclusive vibe of the rooftop seating area and the view of Penn. It usually is quick service to eat here as the restaurant is very large and spacious. Each day of the week they have some sort of special, so I recommend checking those out.
On Sundays during brunch, the food is quite amazing overall. Their brunch options are plentiful, but I find myself always coming back to get The Big Chick, a biscuit sandwich containing chicken, eggs, and homefries with a delicious sauce. But for other meals, their multiple pizza delicacies are delicious and the Crab Macaroni & Cheese is actually amazing. 
On a side note, things are quite expensive so watch out for that. But overall, a very classic restaurant that is sure to leave you full and your wallet empty.The food is definitely not worth the price. The Caesar salad tasted like straight mayo and the french fries had no flavor and were limp/soggy. Good for a drink, but don't expect very much from the food. Their outdoor fire pits form a nice casual atmosphere for enjoying a beverage but go somewhere else to eat.I've come to tap for brunch, dinner and drinks, and it's been great! For brunch, I love the chorizo omelet. It's just about as good as White Dog's omelet, but I think there's more 'stuff' inside. Comes with sliced roasted potatoes. Eggs Benedict is decent.
The pizzas are great to share (they come in six slices), and I'd definitely recommend the honey goat cheese and the tartufo. The wings are okay, they're good but not something I'd come to Tap House to order.
I think the best bang for your buck comes with the burgers. I ordered the lamb, and it was good. None of the lamb aftertaste that sometimes come with lamb entrees. The Tap was juicy, a good burger. And I heard the chicken BLT wasn't dry as chicken can sometimes be, also good. A huge heaping of fries comes on the side.I had my fair share of Brussel Sprouts, but these were "ridiculously off da chain". That Miso sauce is amazing and the pomegranates bought it all together! I also had the Sausage & Mushroom pizza the dough was fresh and perfectly doughy!The Veggie Burger is a paste like consistency. The not so great taste could not be covered by Bbq sauce. They seem more concerned with making the burger look like meat than taste good, e.g. beets for red color. Fries are decent. Atmosphere is typical fun bar. I want to like this place, but can't. I'm sad I came here.
Edit: I posted this comment from the restaurant. I asked for the BBQ sauce to try to cover the taste. As mentioned above, it didn't work.Place was great. Had our Upenn reunion here. Cathy the bartender was fantastic and beautiful. Everyone working there was awesome. Very nice operation. Can't wait to return.I was pleasantly surprised when I first walked into City Tap House.  I was expecting a more pub-like environment, but I found a chic restaurant with professionals and students.  
I ordered the Brisket sandwich and it was sooooo Good!  Literally melted in my mouth.  That gruyere cheese set it off!! (i.e. made it even more delectable).  
My friend ordered the Salmon BLT---and the salmon was cooked perfectly :-)
We both had the sweet potato fries that were crackishly addictive too.
The staff was extremely friendly and let  us sample some beers before making a decision.  
All in all---this is a great lunch spot with  and a nice beer selection.
SIDE-NOTE:
I will say that seeing some students in the restaurant studying on their laptops was a turn-off (shouldn't you be in a coffee shop/library/dorm room for that???  Maybe I'm just getting too old and think cell phones are enough technology in a restaurant)The space accommodates a lot of people and I could see it being a great place to watch a game at the bar (lots of TVs) or have dinner with a large group of friends for a birthday, maybe.  It made me nostalgic for my college days when we went to the local brewery and pigged out on happy hour specials on wings and other appetizers usually with 5-10 friends at a time.  Our waiter was very attentive and helped us look over the extensive beer menu.  I tried the Tucher Helles (a nice light, citrusy beer) with the veggie bbq burger as well as calamari for appetizer.  Oh and some really tasty strawberry beer.   Aside from the calamari with the atraditional dipping - sweet and spicy, not marinara - sauces, I'd say everything was recommendation-worthy.   I would totally go back to try some of their fish offerings and sweet potato fries.  My date ordered the NY strip steak and unfortunately he was very disappointed... alas it is a taphouse, not steak, so I wouldn't hold it against them.Great for beer.... Best to grab a seat at the bar!  If you like beer: you can get a flight of 4, taste any you want to try, and drink lots of local and your non-local craft beers.As with many Yelp reviews - read this with a grain of salt:  my visit to CTH was made on a Tuesday night during the summer and we sat at the bar. I don't know how table service is, or what the fire pits are like. Or, for that matter, the servers. 
I went with a group of friends to watch the All-Star game and we literally could not have had a better time. Our bartender Howard was attentive and friendly & even recommended moving our car to the lot down the street because after 9pm, they leave the gate up.  Andy, the bar manager was equally as friendly, and even comped food for our friends because it took awhile to come out. 
As for the food, the dry rubbed wings are delicious and filling. They had a great spice to them and the meat practically fell off the bone. The Abruzzi Pepperoni pizza was not much to write home about, but had a nice oven fired taste. 
The beer selection is the highlight. They have a great list of beers on tap - including a large selection of local brews. The beer list is broken out by type, and contains descriptions, which is really fun to read. The bartenders are excellent at recommending beers and will provide you with a little cup to try if you're interested in a beer you've never had before. You can also get growlers filled here, which is a nice perk. 
Our entire experience was really enjoyable. I think we stopped by at the right time, but we'll definitely be back.This is one of my favorite restaurants in philly. The food is AMAZING. Well, the dinner food. The brunch food was mehhh and the brunch coffee was TERRIBLE. FOLGERS? Other than that, really cool beers. Cool layout. Love the terrace. Great for groups and for hanging out for awhile. The waitresses are usually very nice, but sometimes overworked - and the bartenders are usually pretty cool, willing to help you choose beers, etc. DEFINITELY TRY the burger, the pizzas, and the reuben. Holy crap. So good.Food was really good a little expensive but the quality makes up for it. Although I do feel the service wasn't as nice as others who aren't black though. All in all good food a nice place to catch a nice meal.Tap House, Tap House, Tap House... I have a hate and love relationship with this place. 
I love their pizza. The only reason I eat here is because of their salumi pizza. One of my favorite pizza in the city. I don't need those fancy toppings. 
The hate is for their service. At times, I would get the worst waiters that never checks on my table. I would become a THOT in this place when I have these people as my waiters. I can't find them to get my cup refilled or to order a new drink. I place their face on a milk carton and still can't find them. This happens when I order take out, too. Waiting to get my take out order seems like I'm waiting for SEPTA.Quality - 4 stars (Good).
Price - $$$ (Pricy)  
Taste - Fine
Good: City Tap House Steak on Saturday.
First of all, If you are looking for decent nice steak, Tap House may not really satisfy you. But if you are looking for a place for dining or drinking. Tap house is always a good choice especially for couple.
I personally amazed by Tap House's everyday special, they keep change their menu, so you always get surprise from them. In opposite way, it creates some problems. You may see some very nice pictures from yelp. But they may stop serve them from long time ago. You always need to confirm with your servant.
So far I think City Tap House Steak is the most tasty dish they offer. The steak is pretty big portion, taste juicy and rich. So if you go to there on Saturday, don't miss it.
I also recommend their mussel. The Pacho Mussel is a little bit of spicy but leave very strong impression to your tongue.
The Arbigail Mussel is not spicy, but the ingredient mix with tomato and garlic just made it taste rich.
I actually kind of disappointed by the way they cook Sea Bass. They pan fry sea bass, so when kitchen is busy, it's very easy to make it overcook. For delicate meat like sea bass, they really need to carefully mange the temperature to maintain the tender quality. Otherwise pan fry may just made the expensive fish taste dry up.
Beside these advice above, go for their happy hour for drink. Try their burgers, you will enjoy the casual environment there. (Especially if you seated outdoor.)Cool location right by campus and probably fantastic for happy hours. I found the food to be pretty mediocre which was probably why the place was empty for lunch. The menu consisted of higher-scale bar food like burgers, sandwiches and pizzas. My duck pastrami pizza with arugula looked promising but the flavors were lacking and the arugula to duck ratio was way too high. Neat spot but could use some better food.If you are a beer connoisseur, you may have died and gone to beer heaven at City Tap House. Has to be easily over 40 beers on draft! Besides the beer, the food is great! I recommend the duck pizza. Unusually great! Also, the atmosphere of this bar/restaurant is very warm.. probably due to the fire pits on the patio! What else can you ask for? Great beer, great food, awesome service, and a nice cozy fire. Definitely going back this weekend!Met up with some friends at City Tap House last week and was pretty impressed! It was warm enough to enjoyably sit outside and the service was solid. As a recent 21 year old, I thought the beer selection was great; sipping on an Ithaca Apricot Wheat beer while catching up on a sunny afternoon sure fits my idea of a nice spring break. I thought the prices were reasonable for University City and the atmosphere was lively, but not too loud. Not sure about the food here, but if you're looking for a place for drinks, check out this kitchy establishment (not too many hipsters, don't worry!)
Recommend: Sit outside! And the Ithaca Apricot Wheat ($6.50)
Glitch: I can imagine coming here in peak dinner hours it could be difficult to be seated, especially if outdoor seating is unavailable.What a great find! Came here after work on a warm March afternoon and was pleasantly surprised. The outdoor rooftop seating is perfect for these sunny spring days. Their beer menu is quite extensive. Their pizza and nachos were good. Avoid the crab Mac and cheese though..way too rich!!! They need to buy the lot next door..we want more!!!!Awful. A gasto pub with 70+ beers on tap has a wide variety of blueberry flavored options but only 1 IPA on draft. Secondly, it was sweltering inside. Third, when my burger was delivered, I asked for vinegar with my fries but the vinegar never came. The burger was smothered in some sort of thousand island dressing that overwhelmed the entire thing. If your an undergrad out for a date, this place may meet your standards. If you are a beer enthusiast interested in something beyond a peach gose, try elsewhere.Definitely one of the worst places I've ever been. I ordered steak under the daily specials I assumed should be a bargain. It turned out was a really small steak with a little bit crab as a side, the steak tasted barely ok. But I got shocked when i received the check, they charged me 44 bucks for the steak!!!! I was totally lost my mind then, and the waitress said she felt sorry for not warning me of the price. I'm a student and do not have lots of money now. I guess that is a really terrible experience and I don't think i m gonna hit back there again.Great find during brief trip to Philly. Dynamite French dip and fries, good looking menu would definitely try more options given the chance. 
Beer selection was awesome and ambiance was a plus. Really cool outdoor area.Doing my usual McDonalds crispy number 5 and Tap House combo and in about 15 mins. Time to get this day started.
But before I go, let me fill you in on what I think about Tap..
After I woke up from my daily half an hour nap at my Banking Job one day, a co-worker happened to mention Tap House to me, since I value quality beer over pretty much everything on this planet.
And he is a good man. I hope he and his family succeed in every endeavor they pursue. 
I love the intricacies of beer, how it's poured, the aroma.. how it makes me syntactically incorrect. But most importantly, I love what it makes me think about -- things like middle eastern politics, the lack of flaming lips concerts in Philly and why i'm always the lone black man in these types of places.
I digress. Tap house gets four stars from me because my god, is it excellent.  As soon as you grasp that beautifully made door handle, you instantly know the **** done got real. And that's even before you whipped out Friday's paycheck!  Ohh yeah.
The beer list is no where on Eulogy or Monk's level my fellow alkies, but I'd be lying if I said I wasn't frothing at the mouth.  I think I had a tear in my eye when I drank my first beer, the Fatty Boombalatty. In my goblet. With my smug grin.
I'm forced to go alone, since my friends refuse to step up the venue game,( palmers, corner bars etc)  or just feel completely uncomfortable being around tons of white people, so I cant really comment on how a group experience would be, but I'm sure that it'll be  memorable with the relaxing outdoor space, friendly environment and incredible food.
Even though I love Tap House, I wouldn't say it's a fun place to be, really.  It's the perfect date, intimate conversation, pre-game or chill spot in West Philly. 
Make Tap your first stop and then cruise down to Rittenhouse/Old City for some fun. If you go to tap on the weekends after 8PM and stay till closing, then my friend..
You're just pouring Jelly on yourself.After a fun Quizzo experience at Local 44, we decided to see how City Tap's compared last week and left disappointed.
First off, the website lists that it starts at 10pm (which I even called to confirm). The host didn't show up until 10:40, which according to our waitress, is the new standard this summer. And as it turns out, Johnny 'Goodtimes' is actually a miserable guy in his 30s with the personality and emceeing skills of a log. Pretty tough to sit through that for over an hour.
Beer list is huge, albeit more expensive than it really should be for a lot of the selection. Our friends ordered a pizza, which they said was good despite being pretty small for $14+.
All in all, can't say there's much of a reason that I'd come here over Local 44, so approach with caution.This is a tough review for me to write. The beer selection at Tap House is on point, and the prices for what you're getting are pretty fair I think. What really bothers me about Tap House though is that the service is progressively getting worse. I've been here countless of times since it  has opened, and its a general rule that if you're a guy and the bartender is also pray no good looking women are nearby because you can forget about getting a drink anytime soon. One of the main attractions of Tap House is the outside seating around the fire pits, but once again out of the 10 times I can remember sitting outside I think a waiter or waitress has provided good service 2 or 3 times. Overall, Tap House is great. The place itself is really nice and the beers are on another level, but if the service continues going down I really think they will start losing business.Great place, great food!  The pizza with truffles, bacon and egg is fantastic!  Love the outside seating area!I heart this place!!! its very low key with an upscale vibe. ive been here wayyy to many times. i love the atmosphere, its beautifully done with hard wood and cooper accents. and if you can score a fire pit your night it perfect. i just wish that on friday and satuerday they had a limit of ppl allowed on the patio. bunch of PENN students being extremly loud to the other 50+ ppl just trying to have a nice night out- but i can deal. the staff here is pretty average , if you an ask for Ralf. best guy there seriously. attentive, professional and has awesome timing. im a stickler on tips but he always gets one from me! defiantly try this place out for a week night vibeFood here is really pretty good, especially for a place that is billed as a brew-pub. Its much more upscale type cuisine than you would normally expect at a brew house. Of course, beer is also a star attraction and it doesn't disappoint there either. Service was good and knowledgeable about both the menu and the beer. Bar service was a bit confused and slow which was somewhat surprising. Atmosphere was nice, large space but not overly loud and easy to have a conversation and certainly good for a group. Would definitely go here again.The food is nothing too special, but a really fun place to go hang out. They have cornhole on the lower deck, which is a fun way to waste a few hours with friends while drinking, and they have fire pits that you can eat/drink around outside (awesome!!) but just make sure to call and reserve them if you're set on sitting around the fire pit (the night we went all but one was already reserved, so we lucked out).I went here for brunch last weekend and to be honest, I wasn't the most satisfied. Now, it could have been my fault in choosing what I ordered but from what I heard about this place for brunch, I guess I just a slightly higher expectation.
So I've never been the biggest fan of black coffee, so for the espresso lovers out there...they don't do espresso coffee. Nonetheless, a Sunday doesn't begin without coffee in my book so I still went for it. Now, to be honest, their coffee wasn't bad...but then again I don't know black coffee well so don't take my word for it.
Moving on to what I ate, I got the sicilian pizza. In my opinion, it was a bit too much salt. Also too much tomato sauce base...it became a little soupy for my liking. Objectively, it was a good pizza, but next time I will not be getting this. It could be spicier, less sauce, and more cheese.
Honestly, who gets pizza for brunch...from now on, not me.I had an awesome burger and some of the best brussel sprouts I have ever tasted! Sat at one of the high tables...no wait!Arrived around 6:30pm on a weekday.  There was no wait and we sat at the bar.
I ordered the Tap house burger. I've been coming here for the past couple of years.  When they re-did their menu, their burger was really good.  Probably one of the best in university city.  The food comes out pretty quickly.  But for the past 6 months, it's gone down.  Their burger isn't as good and only just average.  Before I would say that it's worth the $16, but not anymore.  It's overpriced.
You can choose to have either French fries or a salad on the side.  They aren't anything out of the ordinary and the portions are what you would expect.
I've ordered their wings in the past, they are good but again, way overpriced for the amount that you would get.
Service - the bartender was friendly but nothing that stood out really.Wow. 
I was looking forward to coming to City Tap. 
Overall: City Tap is a huge place with unknowledgeable beer servers.
"wet hops or dry hops"? The waiter did not know.
If you are a beer restaurant, train the waiters in the art of craft beer. Or just stay a pretender forever.I've been here several times, and I keep coming back because there is always a beer on the rotating draft that is reasonably priced and sized ($5-8). In University City. And there's a nice patio. Nightly bonfires.
Foodwise, I had:
- Fried mac and cheese, which was FRIED MAC AND CHEESE. Check. Happy face.
- I'm used to the mussels from Monk's, Belgian Cafe, Audrey Claires. So when I saw $13, I thought these little guys were going to sing-dance like in Alice and Wonderland. Lo and behold, I was still right here in Philly, looking at a nice but really Scroogey dish. 
- Classic Margherita pizza was crispy, thin and good, but again, smaller than what I have paid for.
I say good a lot, but when the bill was brought to my attention, it was not so good. Thank goodness for a restaurant.com gift certificate! Now that you know, you can thank me. 
Really, I would only come here to drink. So beer me.SERVICE: 
We came at 12.20p on a Wednesday afternoon for lunch. There were 2-3 very large parties and the staff were having trouble accommodating them plus their other smaller tables of patrons. It took 10 minutes to be seated (because there was no host -- I had to ask a bartender to seat us). After being seated, it took 30 minutes before we were able to flag down a server to take our order. We were told certain orders would take longer than others because the kitchen was behind, so we ordered items that wouldn't take as long. After we ordered, it only took 15 minutes for our food to come out.
FOOD:
I ordered a pizza with some tofu pieces and without cheese. They served it to me with cheese bubbling on top. It took me a while to flag a server down who took the pizza back to the kitchen and then promptly returned to my table with the pizza saying that the kitchen manager "swears" there is no cheese on it. The bubbling, gooey substance was just the dough bubbling. I told him that I believed him and that, because I have an allergy, I was just being careful. Once I said the word "allergy," the server's tune changed. He said he would go back to the kitchen and watch the pizza-maker prepare the pizza to ensure that no cheese would go on it. The new pizza came back promptly without cheese -- it looked entirely different from the first pizza. I noted the very apparent difference and the server maintained his defense and said that it was actually the tofu that made the pizza have a bubbly appearance. Now it's the tofu? They were little fried blocks of tofu -- I'm vegan -- I *know* tofu. When it's fried like that, there's no oozing. None. In any case, the only real flavor on the pizza was the sauce which did not taste good (too much oregano, I think). The flatbread dough was good, but hardly worth the wait and agita.
Our "lunch hour" ended up taking over an hour and a half and that was with consuming only half of our food anyway. 
Very disappointing food and service, but what really bothered me was that they were so close to insisting on serving me a pizza with cheese and then they had the nerve to lie about the mistake in the first place. If they were honest about it, I wouldn't have written such a nasty review. As a customer, however, I expect a modicum of respect...Unfortunately, a few things colored this experience for me.
I want to say that I like the general state of things here. The service was good, and the decor is befitting a gastropub. People were generally here to eat and hang out, which is perfectly my thing.
But my chicken was burnt. My potatoes were so badly exposed to fire that I thought a few were mushrooms. My quinoa, on the other hand, was delicious. Occasionally it looks like the place fills with cliquish university students, but that's the tradeoff that comes with being right there on campus.
I'd give it another try.Way too expensive & not that impressive for the location & locale of this restaurant. the beer menu is long but not as impressive, again, for the location & locale of the place. For so-so food & expensive beer menu, its not worth the price tag.The few times that I've been here, it's been nice, but not worth the money. They do not label any vegan items on their menu. And although they do have decently good food, I prefer going to restaurants where I don't have to grill the servers about every possible animal ingredient. Cute atmosphere, great location. Good beer as well from what I've heard but I have not yet had the chance to partake.Go for the beer - but even at that some choices were already kicked early on a Saturday night.  Stick to the basics...the burger is tasty and I like the fries (similar to Bobby Flay's - just downstairs/ next-door )One of the less douchy bars in the greater University City area (which isn't saying too much), this place has a pretty solid draft beer selection and the food quality is pretty spot on as well. I went here with a fairly large wedding party and they were very accommodating, reserving us a private area outside near the fire pits. When we got there and it was 35F outside, they moved us into a nice spot inside.  So that night was great. 
Unfortunately the next night, it got a little weird. After the wedding we rolled up with a fairly large crew only to be told by the bouncer that we could stay and drink but the bathrooms weren't working. Wtf?  The bar was packed and the bathrooms weren't working. Something didn't add up. Either he was just lying or the place was violating some sort of health code rule. It was quite disappointing.Again, so impressed with City Tap House! Relay for Life (American Cancer Society) hosted a benefit Quizzo night, and the staff was more than helpful! The event was incredibly successful, and the service was wonderful. I can't thank the manager, Jason, enough for all of his help and for Tap House for hosting us. Would always recommend Tap House for any event you are looking to host!Three reasons to go: Awesome (and tasty) beer selection, the AH-mazing tartufo pizza, and fire pits to keep you warm on cold nights! 
Great place to meet up with friends!Great place to stop for some food and a beer! Had the orange, fig, and prosciutto pizza as well as the steak tacos. Both were phenomenal. Was surprised with how well the different components of the pizza worked together. Service was very friendly and attentive.City Tap offers DELICIOUS food. Seriously. Come for the food, stay for the beer. Amazing selection on both--I'm particularly partial to the shrimp n grits (cried when they left the menu rotation, actually cried) which are creamy, smoky, juicy...perfect. The sweet potato fries and gnocchi are always amazing, too. Dry rub wings were meh, but still better than most places.
And the beer selection! Wowza. The people here know their stuff and there's a LOT of stuff on offer. 
It's a great place to come if you're a regular (but a little pricey for regular patronage) because the bartenders who stay really try to get to know you (shoutout to Cathy!!!!) Altho there's been a lot of bartender turnover since I first started coming here in 2010.
I took a star off for the seating on crowded nights--it's extremely hard to get bar seating, although in the summer maybe it'll be better 'cause the outdoor space (I don't want to have to pay for fire pit seating though!) and obviously you can't sit down unless you're going to order food too. Dunno what the solution is, but it's made some Friday nights kind of uncomfortable--though again, not nearly as bad as most CC bars!
I love this place.I made my first visit to the City Tap House this past Friday for lunch. I initially thought my coworkers were leading me into a trap after walking into a hallway and coming to an elevator. I thought we were going to need a special code to get in. The minute you walk into City Tap House you can help but marvel at the layout of the place. The bar area is huge and there is plenty of outdoor seating. I am sure this has been mentioned in just about every other post, but if you are here to drink, this is your place as there is an excellent selection of drafts.  
After reviewing the menu, I choose to go with the Mussels. Not my usual choice for lunch unless I am on vacation, but after seeing the various ways City Tap prepares their mussels, I was  extremely curious. I decided to try the Abigail style mussels served in roasted garlic butter, leaks, and Belgian ale broth. Some of the mussels were a little undercooked, but overall the dish was quite delicious. Of course I used the fresh focaccia bread to soak up the rest of that perfectly seasoned broth.  
This place is on my list of must visit again establishments. I really need to find out how the other mussels dishes are prepared. The burgers look pretty good as well.Fantastic bar and restaurant for a happy hour, date, or just to kill time. Reminiscent of a ski lodge, wrapped by a spacious balcony complete with fire pits, long tables, and an airy view.  For drinks, I recommend the infused cocktails, but it's a beer lover's heaven.  Don't miss Thursday night Scrub Hours.  Occasional live music, and there are TVs for game days.I love the atmosphere at this restaurant.  In addition to the decor and feel, the beer is equally as good.  The staff was very knowledgable and helped me choose which beers I would like the best.  The food is also very delicious and not over priced.  I even got a dessert (Strawberry shortcake thingy is amazing).Probably the only bar in University City that is this expensive. I wouldn't mind that, except the prices don't match the service. Sitting at the bar isn't too bad, but the waiters and waitresses aren't great with other tables or groups, or people outside on nice days. They care more about drink orders than supplying quick, efficient food service. 
Fries were pretty small but crispy and alright, made me want way more. Kitchen closes pretty early on weeknights, but they do have daily specials up on a chalkboard in the back which look interesting. Bar is clean, with a clean bathroom area, stylish seating, and an extensive beer list. Might come back for a brunch, but the prices and the service don't really entice me.City Tap House is a fun sports-like bar right by Penn's campus. There are plenty of TVs to watch the game. A beer is approximately $5.50. The pizza and nachos we ordered was delicious. The City Tap House is a great place to meet up with friends. There is also an outside section.3.5 stars!
It's weird, even with a vast beer selection, there is just something missing with their choices.  I was interested in trying the food though, because any place that can cook up something solid and has a large beer selection usually wins me over.  After starting with some grilled zuccini, which was unimpressive, I was curious for more.  We ended up with the Mediterranean plate, the mussels, and a large salad.  While everything had pretty decent flavor, again, there was just a bit missing.  I will admit that the Medi plate was put together well and served differently then I had expected.  I'll go 3.5 stars because I think in the summer this place would be a great place to enjoy the view and have a few drinks.  I also have to mention that the bartenders were very friendly  and accommodating and worked as a team to keep our glasses filled all night long.This is my first Yelp, and I wanted to start just so I could tell people about this great new place. City Tap House in University has gotten some good press lately so I wanted to check them out. We went this past Sunday for brunch. 
First of all, the decor and atmosphere was great, sophisticated, modern, open. They have fun outdoor seating with a green roof! and fire pits, I will have to return for that! We sat inside as it was super hot outside! 
I saw the menu beforehand and though "Blue Crab and Brie omelet!?" I just had to try it. I thought that maybe it would be too gimmicky and not that good, but I am so glad they proved me wrong! My boyfriend had the pulled chicken sandwich with roasted peppers and sharp provolone. He loved every minute of it, I thoroughly enjoyed the fries that came with it as well! Since it was brunch, I ordered a side of bacon - delish! and He ordered a side of scrapple that was good, lighter than usual, but WAY too much! Save some money Tap House, that was great, but no one needs that much scrapple! 
Overall, I absolutely loved the place, will most likely go back for University City Dinning Days and definitely again in the near future!I have been there once and will say the experience was very good for now.  My food came out hot and the service was good. Of course I went during a slow time. So I will be going back to check it out when a little more crowded.  I like to see the difference and how the staff performs.  Great beer selection if you are into beer.  If not still go for the food.Great craft beer selection & amazing rooftop view! They also have great happy hour specials. i have yet to try the food.I went here with some co-workers after a long work week to relax and chat. The happy hour hadn't started yet, so the beer prices were still pretty high and the selection wasn't that great. We didn't get food, so I can't comment on that... but the beers were good and cold. 
We spent about 2 hours there, drinking and having a good time. After we stopped ordering drinks, though, the wait staff completely forgot about us. No water refills, no ability to order food, no last minute drinks. I can understand why they were inattentive, because they were very busy by 7pm. Still, if it takes more than 20 minutes to get your bill, then you need more wait staff.
Since we were there in autumn, we sat outside on their upper deck/patio near the fire pits. I can say that the ambiance and decor was nice and very relaxing. The environment is typical of the nicer bars of Philadelphia without the extremely high prices.I might go there again, but only if the weather was nice and I was there for happy hour prices.Great place to meet up with friends to have drinks afterwork. I love the fire pit. My wings are awesome. The sweet and sour combo is my weakness. Parking is tricky. You have meter parking which is not horrible. The menu is not extensive but the food items are great.Great beer selection on tap and nice layout with a large wrap around bar.  The food is a little over priced but good.  I'd come here if I wanted some good beer on tap that's not belgian - since I'd go to Monks for that.Service: friendly and efficient :)
Food: I tried the tartufo and the honey goat cheese flatbreads and the chicken and waffles - all of the tasted amazing! But I would only recommend the tartufo if you like truffle oil since it does have a strong taste
Drinks: I didn't not get drinks my first time here, but my dad enjoyed the selections of beer
I would definitely come here again! The portions are big so the prices are worth itTo me the outside seating has a big appeal (except in winter of course). I have been to tap house after work on several occasions. I am not into beer as much but I like their selection of wines and cocktails. I love their flatbreads especially the honey goat cheese and mushroom with truffle oil. Little pricey but service is quick, and nice-elegant ambience is worth it.Beer drinkers heaven!  They have a an impressive beer list so that's what I stick to when I come here even though I like other drinks.  Its a nice space, rarely feels overcrowded but busy enough to have a good atmosphere.  The food is just OK.  Some things really good, others not so good. So you need to know what to order but even then, the delivery can vary between visits.  Otherwise, the drinks and service are great.  I think this is really a 3.5 star review for me as it's a nice place but if it wasn't so close to work, I don't think i'd trek across town to go there.I've come here a few times and it's okay. The beer list is great, but the service is really slow for food and the food is on the pricier side. The goat cheese/honey/onion/pistachio pizza is delicious and a creative idea, but it was already getting cold when it arrived.This is one of my go-to places in Philly. The atmosphere is loud, but the food is wonderful, and the beer selection prodigious. I particularly love the lamb burger, which I could easily eat 3 times a week. All the other food, however, is just as great, and the service cannot be beat.One of my favorite places in University City. There are always lots of great beers that are reasonably priced and often from small microbrews around the Philadelphia area. The food is amazing. The wings are a highlight, the flatbreads and burgers are really fantastic, and their brunch is one of the best I've ever had. 
The ambiance can vary from night to night, sometimes being packed and loud, and other times very quiet and intimate. During the warmer months, it's really nice to be able to sit outside either at a table or a fire pit (yes, there are outdoor fire pits) and enjoy your drinks out there. 
The bartenders and wait staff are among the nicest and most helpful people I've met, and always recommend something new and delicious. One of the things I miss the most from Philly.We had a birthday party come there and the fire alarm started going off from the time we got there. It was very distracting. The manager came over at the end of the meal and rectified it. We ended up having a great time. The service and food were on par. All of the appetizers were delicious and everyone loved their meal. I would recommend!ok, i've only been here once and didn't have the mussels, which are supposed to be great. but i will say that we had a good pizza (the white with mushrooms) and great salads, and some nice wine. server was great, and the bill was manageable. i also liked the cozy but spacious lodgy sort of decor. if i could i would have given 3.5 stars but liked it enough to err on the side of 4!
will go back!Love the amazing selection of beers they have on tap everytime I go there! This point in time I've gotten to know most of the bartenders and they are all pretty awesome. Food is not the greatest but definitely good for a drink with some friends or a date.Not overly impressed with the food here, but they do have a great beer selection. I have been here twice, each time for a special beer event. The crowd is pretty annoying-mostly pushy college kids, and I have found the bartenders to be a bit aloof. Cool outdoor seating area with fire pits is fun on a cold night.One of our go-to beer spot, with good beer collection. Over the years we have been there many time for food and/or beer. The bar gets very crowded at night. For food, I love their chicken wings! It is seasoned right! Pretty decent quality overall.I've been here a few times now though I've only eaten there once. The bar, building, and general outdoor space are well-designed, with the "green roof" and its accompanying fire pits an attractive space, or at least, it will be an attractive space once the heat dies down a little bit and I can actually imagine sitting next to a fire pit and enjoying it. In addition, all of the waiters I've had while there have been great, both helpful, cheerful, and in one case possessed of a particularly good sense of humor. The manager also stopped by each table, seeing how everyone was enjoying their meals.
The beer list is extensive, but somehow not terribly imaginative: there are few surprises. There is, however, something for everyone, even if it may be a little bit over priced ($8 for Duvel Green on tap? Oy.)
The food is a mixed bag; I took my family here for dinner and my mom and I loved the organic pulled chicken sandwich (which I think could have benefited from the addition of thinly sliced red onions but was otherwise great), My dad enjoyed his hangar steak and frites, but my brother's BLT salad was a bit of a disappointment--the ratio of Bibb lettuce to other additions was really out of proportion. The chocolate cake we split for dessert was so rich that I think you NEED to share it with at least three other people.
I'd generally prefer a slightly more laidback sort of place to enjoy my beer, but the Tap House is a nice place for a special occasion, and a welcome addition to the neighborhood.Nice craft draft list and variety of lighter fare food choices (salads, omelettes, fresh toast, etc) Highlight was the outside seating with fire pits and nice views of university city. Loved seeing splintered sunlight here!!!! Such a fun time, will return B)City tap house was a great place to have my boyfriends birthday party!! My boyfriend does not like the typical sit down formal dinner. The set up was more interactive for him to get up and mingle with friends and family. We reserved a couple of cocktail tables and 3 firepits for a party of 35 on a great wknd in July. It was such a great spot to overlook Penns campus and we couldn't have asked for better!! The breeze that came by the balcony added such a great feel and the area on the balcony was more than I expected! The lower terrace was set up with corn hole, which allowed our party to go down and play!! 
City taps greatest asset was the waitress we had, Amanda. If your having a party or even dining you want Amanda! Our party praised Amanda! She got along with every single person and gave everyone her undivided attention. She was attentive to all our needs. Never complained, frowned, didn't seem overwhelmed because we did have a lot of demands. She composed herself the same from the very beginning to the very end with a pleasant demeanor. It felt like she was a part if our party and didn't even feel like she was our waitress, she fit in great with our family!! I had cake on my dress and she grabbed club soda and a napkin and took it off for me!! She deserves all the praise!! She sets the bar very high for others. Amanda made my boyfriends party and unforgettable one!! I hope u get a raise!!!City Tap is a fun place to chill and drink. I've been to their Salsa and Bachata night which was a lot of fun on their outdoor patio. They also have cornhole and big jenga to play outside. There's a good amount of seating. When they are busy at night service can be slow at the bar but when I went for dinner, there were lots of open tables and service was fine.
The burger I ordered for dinner was really salty and I had ordered it medium but it was close to well done. Not sure if the other food was good but it's definitely on the pricier side so you'd expect better quality food.I do enjoy the City Tap House; I've been here with friends, dates and for events. For the most part, they are very consistent in service and the food/drink menu (with seasonal rotations). The bar itself is comfortable and the outdoor space is lovely, weather-permitting. The only thing that makes me hesitant to walk in the doors is the cost. There are a number of other awesome places around this area that are cheaper so I tend to go to those. There's no real happy hour here to speak of, which is a shame when I can walk across the street for an amazing happy hour with food that is just as good. I always have a good time, however and will continue to patronize this place...but only occasionally.City Tap for short has the best draft list in West Philadelphia. The regularly rotating list, usually offering ~40 unique beers, is fairly priced and covers many genres having a particular rapport with American ale fans. The draw at Tap does not stop there; service is congenial and will put on your choice of sports on one of the many TV's in the establishment. Get here early on drinking nights--the restaurant and bar will fill up, leaving standing room only around the bar and beautiful outside patio. The food at Tap is far better--and more expensive--than your typical pub fare. The menu is broad, offering gussied-up bar snacks like excellent fries with truffle aioli and pulled pork nachos. I particularly enjoyed my pizza, which is cooked neapolitan style and had a very flavorful crust. All in all, my go-to for drinks!It is what it is. U-City needs a place like this - an upscale gastropub. It 's unfortunate you have the snobby richy-rich types that take over in the late hours, but apart from that, the food and the beer really makes this place worth coming to. I recommend coming for Happy Hour or just after work hours.There are a lot of things that make Tap House a great spot to put on your list of new bar/restaurants to explore.
The restaurant is most definitely high-grade, so it is a great place to go to for dinner with friends.  Not cheap, but also not too expensive, I would say it is ideal for casual dinner with friends or family.  
The best part of Tap House though is their beer selection.  It is probably one of the top bars in all of Philadelphia (definitely the best in University City) when it comes to finding beers of all types from all over the world.  I'm not sure how many they have exactly, but I know the beer menu is like 3 pages long - and its very good.
This makes Tap House a great place to spend an entire chill night with friends, start with dinner and continue seamlessly to the bar that gets pretty lively at night.  
Also I have to mention the decor, the gigantic copper-top bar is absolutely gorgeous alongside the rest of the designs.  The outside firepits are great in the cold as well.
All around a great place to check out.  Do note that its not really a college bar even though its in the heart of UPenn, usually the people there are in the 20-25 year range and the scene is more subdued.  Its fun, but don't expect to dance or do anything like that.  This is a drink, talk, meet some people maybe kind of place.
Again.  Great beer.Surprisingly amazing food! (which is really all I care about)
When I made it up the elevator and walked inside I was thinking, wow, this place is pretty cool, but prepare to eat bar food.  That was definitely not the case.  
We started with the local beet salad and the Mediterranean plate.  Both were delicious and pretty large, perfect for sharing.  Then we decided to share the oven-roasted grouper and boy were we pleasantly surprised.  We wanted to keep it light and our waitress recommended the grouper out of all the fish dishes.  It was cooked perfectly and the risotto and asparagus were also great.  I would definitely go back for the same dishes which really says a lot since I normally like to try new things.  To top it all off the seasonal Yards Saison draft we both drank really hit the spot!
The one downfall was that the kitchen was very slow when preparing our entre and the place was not crowded.  We had to send our waitress over to find out why it was taking so long.  Normally this would detract from my overall rating, but the food was so good that it was worth the wait and this place still deserves 5 stars.I'm updating my review without taking the manager up on his offer of a free meal. Much time has passed anyhow. I do believe your experience at this restaurant will be determined heavily by when you dine. We came for the Game of Thrones brunch, & sat at the bar. The servers were all pleasant & attentive, the brunch options were interesting. I took a risk on the pulled duck pot pie, the hubs got a Belgian waffle with caramelized bananas & strawberries, & a side of hash browns. 
I really enjoyed my dish. My biggest complaint is that the shredded hash browns weren't browned on the grill first like the side dish was. So they were seemingly bland & undercooked in comparison to the side dish...which was truly delicious, & how I like my breakfast potatoes cooked. 
The Belgian waffle was also really tasty, though the bananas were anything but caramelized. Perhaps they were tossed on the heat for a moment but they were mostly raw.
Still, all very enjoyable. I'd give brunch a shot again but dinner hour deters me a bit.After many more visits and their recent menu overhaul, I think an update (and star upgrade) is overdue.  CTH has definitely become one of my go-to spots in the last few months.  This is best explained by a single factor:  Tartufo Pizza.  Thin crispy crust, gooey warm egg, plus truffle?  Delicious. No reason to order anything else.  If you must eat something else, because you're allergic to truffle or something equally unfortunate, the mussels are a decent choice (although I really wish they were served with the traditional fries, instead of focaccia).
Atmosphere-wise, CTH is pretty classy (especially for a bar on a college campus).  It's spacious (actually, huge), well-lit, and there's plenty of warm, polished wood to soak up the cacophony of noise that inevitably results from a bar that size.  The bar area has a ton of TVs, which I don't love (but that's a sports bar for you), but the outdoor patio and restaurant are fortunately TV-free.  I would love to see a few more available tables in the bar area, though (it feels a bit uncomfortable lingering for drinks in the restaurant, although I've never been explicitly discouraged from doing so). Last but not least, the fireplaces on the outdoor patio are a really nice touch.  Outdoor drinks are an option for a few months longer!Love love love love love love. I used to live not far from here and I seriously miss this place. The outdoor barbecues, the specials, the homemade drinks around the holidays (Seriously vodka, pumpkin, mixed with cinnamon and spice)
The ever changing fabulous menu depending on the season that's always good. The ambiance on the outdoor area at night. 
The great beers on tap that also change with the season. The Tap House introduced me to some of my favorite beers and ales. 
Fond memories of my business partner and I celebrating the launch of our company here. 
 Yeah, there's not much else to say. This is one of my favorite places in the city even with all the college kids around.Meh. Poor service. I mean not just marginal, it was poor. I am still trying to order some food, but after attempting to do so multiple times, I just gave up.  Too bad.  Liked the beers, but the service sucks...did I say they have poor service.Always love coming here.  Had such great memories coming here for happy hour and dinner during college and love going back as they always reinvent the food and the draft list is always on point. Went for brunch (starts at 11, a little hard to wait for but definitely worth it). I went for it with the pork belly eggs Benedict with homemade biscuit and it was out of this world.  The pork belly fell apart wth my fork and so did the biscuit and was amazing.  My wife had the blueberry pancakes and they were by no means ordinary.  Topped it off with a refreshing beermosa and left very satisfied.  Looking forward to going back again and again and again! Always worth the trip out to university city.I came here with a bunch of friends in late fall/early winter. The fire places outside are awesome! I was disappointed that they had run out of the banana bread beer, but they have a great variety of drinks available. I ordered a pear cider that the waitress recommended, and I'm glad I did. The food was awesome (not sure if that's due to drunkenness haha). But, the mussels were delicious and I just sopped up all the soup/juice with my bread. :) I have dreams about that meal.
It's a nice place to come and drink with your friends. I wish there was a bar like this at Temple campus. Definitely will be returning once the weather gets warmer.Great place to hang out with friends! It has a great balcony and good view. The food is very goodIt's important to clarify what you are, and are not, paying for at City Tap House. The moderately inflated prices of Tap House in comparison to other gastropubs in the city are justified only by the ambiance, location, and number of young attractive people in the room. 
A draft list of 65 beers, most of which sell for a dollar to two dollars less a pint elsewhere, is not what you are paying for.
A food menu that is fairly generic, competent, but inferior to Kraftwork, Resurrection, or any other serious gastropub in every way is not what you are paying for. 
The staff, only competent sometimes, is not who you are subsidizing.
If you live or work anywhere near Penn or Drexel and like to stay within ten blocks of Center City, this is a fine option.we sat at the bar last night, and while it was busy, the service was still timley and the food was good. We split the chickpea fritters and a pepperolni pizza. The chickpea fritters are delicious!!!! They stole the night, and are a must try. The pizza wasnt bad, but it wasn't as good as the fritters. The crust could have been a bit crunchier, but it was still good!  
The outside area looked very relaxing and welcoming. They had fire tables and lots of seating. Next time, I think we'll sit outside!I was a little harsh on my previous review so after a recent trip to Penn I figured I'd update and show some much needed love.  
The food at Tap House is delicious to say the least. I went on a Monday so the college crowd wasn't around and the servers were able to focus and really make us the center of attention. I loved my burger and the shared pulled pork nachos were amazing.  It actually got me thinking that I wish I would have opened my eyes to CTH food while still in school... service was very good and the food was positively delicious.  
As always, the beer selection was superb.  I opted to go with the Green Flash Green Bullet which is simply out of this world.  The CA brewery is nearly impossible to find on the East Coast.  I've been impressed in the past that CTA brought in Cisco Whale's Tail (Nantucket) and High Five (Sweden) but as an IPA lover I was delighted to see Green Flash.  
We ate outside by the fire pits which was lovely on a "light jacket" evening in October. Love the fire pits outside on the deck overlooking Spruce Street.  There is no better place to hang out around Penn.  Love the slate benches and the HUGE bar inside. The mood is wonderful and the beer selection is simply unmatched by anything in UCity let alone the city of Philadelphia. 
Good luck to you guys with your opening in DC. I'm really excited to get some good beer in town. See you at your opening at 901!!Went here with a big group for dinner and drinks. I don't LOVE the area.. it's pretty much in a dorm. But, the food and beer spoke for themselves. The appetizers were amazing. We got the Mediterranian Plate, Calamari and sweet potato fries. People had all different things... the pizza was awesome, most of us had burgers and they were really fantastic. Clean nice place and affordable.BEER. Reasonably priced, and the menu is organized by type of beer (Ales, Pale Ales, Belgian, etc.) with fantastic little descriptions for each.
According to my brother, who goes to UPenn and goes here at least once a week, the beer selection changes all the time. He's never had the same beer twice.
Things we drank:
Elysian Bete Blanche (perfect, amazing, my favorite kind of Belgian)
Dogfish Head 90 minute IPA (safe, but good choice for my brother, who had never had Dogfish Head before)
Flight containing:
Duck Rabbit Barleywine
Duvel Green
Six Point Sweet Action (I want to drink this all the time, and living in NYC, I most likely can)
Victory Dark Lager
I love the little tasting note sheets they give you when you order a flight. I can never remember the names of beers I like after a couple decent ones.
We didn't have any food, and were lucky enough to get a seat at the bar on a Friday night. Not too loud, great for having conversations over some excellent beers. And apparently you can bring growlers here.Came here for brunch on a Sunday. I love how you can reserve for a large party and that's exactly what we had. It's football Sunday and there were TV's available for us to see the games. I would suggest getting bigger TV's in the dinning room corners it's kinda hard to see the scores from the opposite side of the room lol. They have a large beer selection, I don't drink beer so that's all I have for you there. The mimosas were tasty served with an orange slice that made it extra tasty. The brunch selection I chose was the pulled pork hash... Potatoes, onions, peppers, pulled pork and topped with an egg. It was good loved the concept. The one thing I do not like and this is because I'm a potato lover is cold/old potatoes. They weren't freshly cooked potatoes and if they had been this dish would've exceeded my expectations. Other than that I enjoyed the experience and the food. The pulled pork nachos looked lovely as well (next time)The beer list is fantastic with a great location. However, their service absolutely requires an improvement.  Long waits makes the great beer not worth it with so many other options in the city.  We went with a group of people and it took a while to get the beer. By the time she came back, we decided to finish the beer and go elsewhere for dinnerThey got a ton of options on draft...tried the sweet corn pizza..tasted really good. Good ambience. Good for large group.City Tap House was a fairly good choice for our group.  It was a bit noisy for conversation, but the vegetarians enjoyed Veggie Burgers, the carnivores enjoyed Roast Pork Calzone and other dishes, and we all enjoyed excellent beer from their extensive list of on-tap choices.Good food, outside seating is terrific. I would highly recommend sitting at one of the outdoor firepits.Ate here a few times the food is pretty good, one time I had a very excellent filet mignon went back a few weeks later to have the same steak and it was off the menu, I hope they bring it back. The servers are very nice and do a good job. The beer selection is very good, bartenders are alright. Go on Wednesday evenings to see Mike Mcguire, he is an acoustic guitar player and singer and is very entertaining.Huge place with fire-pits for outside seating (not sure how warm it would keep you but they were all occupied). This place has booths for groups of 8-10 and a huge bar area. The beer collection is good with a wide variety of American beers to choose from. There was a band playing on Saturday night. We had a decent sausage pizza (thin-crusted) but the sweet potato fries with dijon mustard & spicy bbq sauce was fantastic.One of my favorite places for a craft beer in West Philly! Their selection is super extensive , and they even break down their beers by category on their menu for you, so it's easy to find what you're craving!
Prices aren't the cheapest; I'd say it's around the same as Monk's in center city, which could be anywhere from $6 to $9 for a brewski, but the quality and selection definitely makes up for it. 
I recently got moules frites there, which are mussels and French fries. The red sauce they used to marinate the mussels was so tasty! I had this dish in France when I studied abroad, and City Tap came quite close. I love how eclectic their menu is. 
I shared a flatbread with nuts and honey on top of the cheese with my boyfriend, and it was delicious. 
Also, their outdoor fire pits are a wonderful touch!Food is okay. I'd probably avoid burgers though, because they're almost too standard (at times dry). 
Come here for the great selection of beer! The staff is awesome, they care to ask what you like and offer (good) recommendations.Great beer and wine selection and good happy hour specials. Also, very nice inside and service was great. Was not crazy about the menu options but overall, good experience if there is stuff you like.It's fun to sit outside on the deck, and have lots of greenery around, and then look up and realize you are smack dab in a city. 
Great beer list and happy hour specials. I snacked on the Abigail mussels, tons of mussels, great broth and giant delicious crostinis. The server was attentive and quick, Great spot to meet up with co-workers after a hectic day.Good place to go to watch a game or grab a good Italian-style flatbread pizza. They also serve good burgers and have a decent beer selection. Frequently gets crowded with Penn students hosting events so be aware.there aren't that many vegetarian options, which is a big bummer from the start. the menu seems a little on the pricey side, too. we ordered the mac and cheese, which sounds great, but wasn't even as good as my mom makes. it came in this little dutch oven, which looked nice, but just make the mac taste like iron, and was really small for $9. gross. 
our server was very friendly but never followed through on bringing us water or lighting our fire pit after offering both things. we each ordered some flights of beer, which were pretty reasonably priced ($10 for 4 six-ounce glasses) but i'm pretty sure they got the order of the samples mixed up. i got the "hopper" flight since i'm a huge fan of hoppy beers, but 2 of the 4 were actually terrible. not sure if it was my personal taste or just a bad combination of the beers with each other and the macaroni's bbq sauce.
anyway, to summarize, i'd go again for an individually selected beer on the patio, but not for the food, and only if i was feeling too lazy to walk to Local 44.City tap house is a little expensive but I like it a lot.  I think their menu is a little limited but there is something for everyone.
In case of dinner, I've had the steak which was underwhelming.  Probably better to get the pizzas or something.
Personally i go for brunch. I love the steak&eggs as well as the waffle.  Delicious!!Do I write the review this awesome brew pub deserves or do I trash it so maybe it will remain relatively quiet for the summer?  Once Penn students return in the Fall, forget it.  If they were lining up for Bobby Burger Palace, CTH will need armed guards to keep the crowds under control.  
So with 60 brews on tap, you should reasonably expect to find some good beer.  But the high quality food came as a bit of a surprise.  Likewise the extremely well trained service staff  who are knowledgeable and dialed in to just the right level of casual attentiveness.
Don't miss the wings - slow baked with 10 spices, OMG they're good!  I just came back from a trip to North Carolina where I found what I thought were the world's best ribs at Country Barbecue in Greensbora.  But CTH runs them a good race.  The mussels Pancho with chorizo were also awesome.  I could go on but you might as well go yourself and try all the other stuff I haven't gotten to yet.  But please don't tell your friends...As a University City resident, there are a limited of real restaurants to eat in. So I was glad City Tap moved into the area. It is a great bar in terms of ambiance (fire pits, etc) and its enormous selection of beers....but the food is lacking. It is a bar, so I was surprised when I saw their menu. I expected at a wider selection of "bar appetizers." Where are the cheese fries, mac and cheese, nachos, etc? Maybe they are trying to be a classier bar joint...but it's annoying. Don't disguise yourself for what you really are!
The other food is decent, but hit or miss. I do think their burger is fantastic. All food is overpriced though.
I will be back, only because it is in my neighborhood.When I get to Philly, and need a great place to link up with friends and grab some cold craft beers , and watch the game or enjoy the outside fire pits . The atmosphere is college chill. Service is good, and food tasty.I'm a fan. Nice place with a cool atmosphere in the U Penn part of town. I've only been here for week night dinners so I'm not sure what the "bar scene" here is really like. You do have to walk through the bar to reach the dining area though and it always seems to be pretty packed. It's a huge wrap-around bar though so it doesn't seem like it's difficult to find a seat. 
The food is solid. I've only ever had the muscles here but I've never been disappointed with them. I really want to try the brick oven pizza on my next visit. The beer list is also impressive. It is 2 pages, broken down by type so it is easy to read and choose what you would like to try first. 
The deck outside with the fire pit always looks appealing but I've never had a chance to enjoy it. That is definitely a part of my plan for the next time I visit the City Tap House. 
The crowd is a nice mix of young professionals and Penn kids out spending their parent's money.We come here relatively often. Usually it's pretty good. Have had the Korean Short Rib Tacos and burgers, which are consistently good. This time had the Pulled Pork Nachos, which were very greasy and soaked the chips. I wouldn't get them again. The Panang Mussels were OK, better to just stick with the burgers. Service this time was really pretty poor. Took a long time to get served initially, get refills or get the final check. Used open table for reservations. Asked for a table outside, but was told it would be a 25 or 30 min wait vs sitting inside immediately. We were seated inside near the window. Was very hot inside, as we looked out onto 4 open tables outside. Good craft beer selection, but this time nearly all on the front menu were kicked. The place is not cheap for burgers, regular food and beers. Probably won't come back for awhile.I gave an additional star because the General Manager of the restaurant exhibited an impressive amount of concern and attention to the issues I mentioned in my post. His professionalism and customer service warrant an extra star.Decent drink specials on Sundays. Average bar food, but great patio.16.50 for a crappy margarita. I asked for corralejo which is a 25$ bottle and a margarita with that tequila costs like 10$ anywhere else. Their margarita mix tastes like limeade and it sucks. Huge rip off for 16.50. Anywhere else you could get a patron margarita for less. Never coming backI've been here a bunch. It's super close to my work and the beer list is always great. The food is also awesome too. The mussels are tasty, as are the wings! Unfortunately,  happy hour is only once a week, on Wednesday. Not sure why they do that, otherwise I'd be there a lot more. The happy hour special is half off (or maybe a couple bucks off) select beers, which is a great deal. 
The menu is constantly changing which is always a nice surprise. 
As for the space itself, there is a ton of it, you're not going to get pushed around here. When it's a little warmer, I like to sit by the charcoal pits outside. This place is awesome.I visited on a Wednesday evening with colleagues. I ordered the hamburger - which was very good. Clean and high quality ingredients and prepared to my taste as requested. Comes with a wasabi mayo and it was great- beware the spiciness!
We ordered the Brussel sprouts and cauliflower appetizers for the table. The Brussel sprouts were fantastic, the cauliflower was nothing to write home about. My colleagues had the roast chicken (they liked very much) and the chicken wings, also very good. 
The vibe was mellow and cool.  The dining room was spacious and comfy. I had a local IPA beer which was nice. All in all, a great experience. The service was attentive.Ordered crab cakes. Got then raw. Sent back. Got them again raw. If I wanted sushi I would have went to the bait shop. Beer was great. Service was great. Just cook the effin seafood. I don't want to get sick.They have a huge selection of draft beers of varying breweries. Each time I've been there, the service has been underwhelming, which is disappointing cause it's a nicely designed restaurant. The outdoor area is very large and has several tables. The food is okay, not amazing but decent. The happy hour isn't great but still offers some deals.Awesome gastropub in the heart of university city. Great beer selection. Highly recommend the flying fish exit 8. The food menu has just the right combination of bar food and nice quality entrees. The angus beef burger with mushrooms and sautéed onions was delicious. Will definitely be back for Thursday night happy hours.