I ate there a couple of years ago.  I still remember that it was one of the best meals I have ever had.  I had the basil shrimp, lobster pot pie, and the Martha Washington Chocolate Mousse cake.  Great salad and homemade bread too!Delicious historical breads and beers were the highlight of our visit! Our server was also super friendly and lots of fun. Would definitely recommend.Sat on the outside porch drinking a 19th century cocktail while someone played a harp in the courtyard. How can you not like that! Try the city cooler. Whist, brandy, rum and apple cider. Waitress called it a Party in a glass! Very tasty. Had the seafood linguine and corn chowder. Everything excellent, server included.Loved City Tavern! We lunched here during our day of historical sightseeing in Philadelphia. We loved the history of it, including the traditional dishes. The authentic breads were delicious, as was the local beer. It was family friendly (including kids menu)  and casual yet a nice respite from walking around the city in the heat of summer. A perfect historical landmark to check off your list while eating lunch, a good way to break up your day exploring America's oldest city. Enjoy!Originally built in 1773, this was the convening site for the Constitutional Convention, as well as the setting for one of George Washington's inaugural celebrations. The cuisine here is authentic early American, with many of the dishes adapted from 18th Century recipes. Veal sausage with  sauerkraut and mashed potatoes, honey-glazed duck with asparagus, and medallions of venison with leeks are among the traditional entrees served by a staff in period dress. A children's menu suggests this is an ideal place for family dining, but you may feel differently after seeing the prices.meh. overly priced, boring food. 
service wasnt great, and the server was unenthuastic, which was a bummer, because other ppl write they learned a lot of history and i didnt....
dont go to touristy places to impress your guests. 
if u wouldnt eat here normally, dont take anyone from out of town.I ordered the special Benjamin Franklin chicken and it was delicious.  Portions are very generous and a entree could be easily shared.Took some friends here last weekend who were visiting from out of town. Such a great way to continue our tour of Philadelphia and get our drink on. Didn't eat, but did enjoy a few beers. Word of advice - Get the flight. It's $7.25 for a single pint or $12 for the flight which are nice sized (larger that most flights). So the 4 of us each ordered a flight and split the cheese plate (which was fine - normal). Loved the experience (servers in colonial costumes and the general decor) and they give a great description/story regarding each beer. There's also a cheat sheet with more information which was nice. My favorite was Alexander Hamilton, but honestly each of the four were tasty. Highly recommend for wrapping up an afternoon in historical Philadelphia.What a fabulous time my husband and I had at this restaurant on our holiday trip to Philadelphia. Did not know what to expect and was afraid it would be a cheesy tourist trap, but the experience could not have been further from that. First off, the food is good. It is really good. The craft beers were superb and the staff was fabulous. Seth, our server, was personable and efficient and really added warmth to the experience. When in philly again, we are looking forward to returning.I read about this place and it was certainly cute and charming as the restaurant reflected the colonial days.  To make it more charming and realistic, the servers dressed in period costume from back in the days.
I had the colonial turkey pot pie which was not a huge portion but was adequate.  It was very tasty with good ingredients and a nice gravy and crust.  It came with egg noodles with a sauce that I wasn't crazy about.
My water glass had some white things floating in it which resembled wax.  Hopefully, it wasn't something worse...
If you want to pretend you are dining way back when our forefathers did, City Tavern will give you that unique experience.I give Chef Staib much credit for keeping the tradition of early American fare alive.  Without culinary historians ilke him, the rich history of early fare would be under appreciated...and possibly forgotten.
With this in mind, I was very excited to try City Tavern last week.  Unfortunately, after dining there, I have mixed feelings.  The restaurant was nearly empty on a rainy Saturday night, but I think that was a result of the inclement weather, not the restaurant or its menu.
The decor of the restaurant was historic and pleasant.  It reminded me in some ways of the restaurants in Colonial Williamsburg (VA).  It is dimly lit and the decor is very early-American.  The food was definitely enjoyable, as its taste and visual presentation were very good.  The server was very attentive (though I'm not sure if this level of service would have been the same had the restaurant been busy instead of nearly empty).  My girlfriend and I started with the crab cakes, which were tasty.  For the main course, I had the Escallopes of Veal and she had the night's special: linguine with seafood (which I was surprised to see served there, but soon learned that this kind of food was served back in the day).  We finished with an apple crisp-type of dessert, which was delicious.
My problem with the restaurant are the very high prices.  I am used to paying $25+ per entrees in restaurants in major U.S. cities.  But the higher prices at City Tavern didn't quite seem appropriate.  I don't think I'd go back again.
If you want to enjoy a meal in a setting like the founding fathers of the U.S. did, then try City Tavern.  But expect to pay higher prices for it.This is a very nice restaurant with nice atmosphere and wonderful food but our server was awful! I held a party there yesterday and our serving was just embarrassing. Due to this I will not be going back again!The City Tavern is an eating establishment that cannot be truly appreciated without understanding its most crucial distinction...not only is it a place where history comes alive in the service, decor and cuisine...but a place that...if you allow it...will transport you to another time. A time when the fate of a people was hanging in the balance and a nascent republic was taking its first clumsy steps on the world stage.
While I certainly don't know the man personally Chef Walter Staib has done an outstanding job of recreating the feel, taste and small of a bygone era. I dare say that I have not sampled such unique table fare in all of my travels. Make no mistake...I'm willing to try anything and have certainly done so...but the food here and its adherence to culinary history make it truly special.
While you can go for lunch or dinner service I highly recommend the time in between on a weekday. Things are generally more quiet and it will give you the chance to take in all that this wonderful establishment has to offer. 
On my most recent visit I had the good fortune on arriving at a nearby parking garage on a rainy afternoon. As I crossed through Welcome Park and passed the Thomas Bond House I looked ahead at a most welcome sight...The City Tavern. As the water struck my rain jacket...running down over the brim of my hood...the weight of my back pack settling onto my shoulders...I could almost imagine what it must have been like for the weary traveler of a time long past...weary from a long journey...a time less certain than the one in which we live...a time when someplace like a tavern wasn't merely a respite from the elements...but more importantly...your salvation from them.
I was quickly greeted as I entered the hall and was seated, thankfully, by a window. Doffing my pack, jacket and hat I sat down and watched the rain...happy to be indoors with a chance to consider just what I wanted to do with my day in the city. My server was a man named Ray and he was dressed in period clothing. Iced cold water was served in a pewter chalice and I was informed of the specials. I chose to start off with an appetizer of Mallard Duck Sausage that was served with sweet and sour cabbage and my main entree consisted of Seafood Pasta in a white wine sauce. Both dishes were amazingly flavorful and the chilled apple cider was the perfect compliment to both.
Later, while finishing my raspberry tart for dessert, Ray was nice enough to engage me in a conversation while he went about his duties. Turns out that Ray has had quite an  interesting and varied career in the restaurant business...cooking since he was the age of five...Ray has held many jobs in the industry including serving aboard an actual working steamship on the Mississippi River. He was also an amazing resource, not only on Philadelphia...but much of the region as well. Nothing better than someone taking pride in their work and helping to enhance an already superior dining experience.
Needless to say...I'm not much of a planner...I prefer spontaneity and the randomness of surprise that it often brings. My stop at The City Tavern is a fantastic example of how the best trips we take...are the ones where we plan the least...the ones where we let out senses and imagination take us in whatever direction they dictate. And best of all...the day was just getting started.A must visit when you're visiting Philadelphia.  There is no other place in the world where you can experience authentic 18th century American culinary history. Metal plates and goblets.  Authentic recipes from the time of our founding fathers.  Staff dresses in period clothing.  Food, drinks and service are all very good.  Nothing earth shattering but lots of goodness!  Prices are not bad either.  Reservations are a must for both lunch or dinner as they are always very busy since such a popular tourist destination.My boyfriend and I decided to have dinner here after going on the Grim Philly Tour which ended across the street. During the tour, we heard a ghost story about the City Tavern and were intrigued. That's probably part of the tourist-trappiness of this place.
All that aside, the food was OK. I had the fried tofu, even though it was only the second time I'd had tofu. It was good; the portion was huge (it had veggies and linguine too.) The tomatoes were tasty, but the rest was pretty bland. I only ordered it because it sounded so strange and unique and was apparently a recipe that Ben Franklin received in the letter (I still need some convincing on that point...) Boyfriend had the NY Strip Steak/shrimp. He seemed underwhelmed by it and said it was all pretty bland tasting. We skipped dessert, figuring it wasn't worth it.
I think what really left a bad taste in our mouths (HA!) was the service and ambiance. Don't get me wrong; the restaurant is beautiful and looks like an old house. We had the unfortunate experience of being seated in the same room as a group of people who were very loud and talking about suicide...nice dinner conversation, huh? Naturally, this is not the fault of City Tavern, but it did kill the mood a little bit (no pun intended.)
The servers are dressed in colonial garb, which is cute if a little mortifying for them. Our server was a little brusque and kind of seemed like he was hating his life (possibly due to costuming requirements? who knows...) The guy who brought around water was nice but spilled it a little bit on my foot (but I can forgive that; these things happen.) The pumpkin pecan biscuits were actually very good, as was the brownish bread (the white bread was pretty dry and tasteless.) I guess our waiter just had a very dry (like the bread) sense of humor--when I said I was ordering the tofu, he was like, "Oh, is that the only thing on the menu you can eat?" and I replied, "No, I'm not a vegetarian, but it looked interesting." It was off-putting.  He seemed put off that we didn't order wine (which was priced up to $4,999/bottle...uh, no thanks) and dessert. The host standing in the front hall was adorable and friendly, so no complaints there.
Am I glad we went and checked it out? Sure. Did I see any ghosts? Nah. Would we go back? Probably not. The turkey pot pie is tempting, but I can find that elsewhere.
I will say that I've heard great things from people who had their wedding reception there, and it seems like a cool venue. Apparently the ghost pops into the pictures of the bride and groom. My aunt got married there so I'm going to get her to check out her wedding pics and see if there are any uninvited guests in the background.One of the best "touristy" restaurants I have ever been! The Chicken Pot Pie is to die for! The medallions of Venison was amazing and the Corn chowder was outstanding. We had a server named Germany and gave us a run down on the history of the building and the great time she has working there! Can't wait to go back for great food and great service!Yeah, it's kind of cheesy, the staff is in period clothing, but the history of this place is pretty cool.  The bread they serve is based on colonial era recipes (you can even try Jefferson's favorite bread...it wasn't my thing).  My husband and I both had the medallions of beef tenderloin which came with delicious sauces (the demi-glace and bearnaise).  Other than the bread, our meals were SO good!The food was delicious and unique.  The staff was very friendly.  We had 4 children with us and they were very accommodating and friendly to all of the children.This place was great!  We went there after the guy working the gift shop at the Betsy Ross house told us about the Colonial Sampler (beer).  My husband had to try it.  The food was great, there were a lot of options, and the waiter was attentive.  I might have given it an extra star if the wait staff had been more enthusiastic.  I can't complain about the service and I probably wouldn't be thrilled about what they have to wear if I worked there either, but our waiter really seemed like he did not want to be there.  FYI, I would not recommend this as a place to bring children.  We were traveling without our kids this weekend, but if we came back with them, this is not a restaurant we would take them too.  There are no "kid friendly" menu options and the atmosphere is very sedate.  Also, if you like the colonial sampler, head over to Yards Brewing Company afterwards - it's made locally.Just like old times of the founding fathers, this restaurant caters to your historical needs.  We felt like we were back in time and very much enjoyed every part of our meal.  We wish we could dine here more often.  
Here is our video of the place.
http://youtu.be/jSt7XiVNjkE?t=4sLunch - stale bread or are we eating Thomas Jefferson's 'original recipe'  asked for a recommendation - the waiter suggested the 2 most expensive things on the menu -suspicious. hmmm- did i order one of them - yes - was it good  - laughable 2 dried out pieces of duck covered in - hey guess what, DUCK SAUCE!!!  it was a good laugh!  so sorry if you've been scammed tooI always enjoy playing tourist in my hometown. We had some extra time and were in the right area and thought it would be fun to have lunch at City Tavern since we had never been. What a treat! Beside the amazing history, the food was incredible. 
The staff are all dressed in period garb, which is cute, I suppose. More importantly, they were all very nice and very knowledgeable about the menu. The tables also had replicas of period pieces, which was a nice touch. I am usually skeptical about food at places that are known for something else (view, history, etc.). But the food here was exceptional! 
We started with 3 different types of bread made from revolutionary recipes. They were delicious! As an appetizer, we ordered the mallard duck sausage, which came with sweet and sour cabbage and was absolutely delicious! Sticking with the sausage theme, I ordered the special of the day, sausage wellington, although everything on the menu sounded amazing. My wellington was one of the best dishes I'd had in a long time. And the portions were huge! I could only eat about half of the dish. My fiance had the venison, which was very good, but not as good as my wellington, IMO. We saw our neighbor table's desert presentation, and I couldn't leave without ordering the bread pudding. It was, in a word, incredible. 
For residents and tourists alike, I recommend City Tavern!This place has a neat story if true. The wait staff is all in period costumes. No AC at time we went so a bit hot inside. Food was good (pot pie, chicken with mushroom sauce). More like $$$ than $$.I have been sitting on this review for nearly 3 weeks and I am literally wanting to pull my hair out for giving this wonderful historical site a 2 star rating, but honestly I have no choice. I thought about it and contemplated... can I honestly say it was a 2 star experience, and unfortunately it was.
Starting off it wasn't so bad. We were greeted and sat by this wonderful hostess dressed in Colonial period garb along with her co-workers to make the experience more authentic. The initial thought of coming here was very exciting for me since I love history and this is what history nerds do -- they go to the tavern where their forefathers dined.
Well... yeah, that quickly went down hill. Our server was lacking and pretty AWOL. He was fine initially but when he got a table of 8 and was already dealing with a large party prior to our arrival (we didn't order alcohol despite his urging...) he took his schmoozing elsewhere and we became second rate citizens. 
Yes, I fully and wholeheartedly understood he had large parties to tend to, but when you're standing there with the water pitcher 2 inches away from me and I had already asked you 4 times to please refill my glass -- you cleared the other tables who needed refills still with a pitcher half full and you walk back inside leaving me high and dry. This did annoy me and I did have to walk into the restaurant and say, 'hey, I know you're busy, but....' I needed some damn water!
He was pretty absent for a great deal of the meal and tracking him down became a regular habit through out the time spent there.
Our food was also not that wonderful. Everything sounded nice on the menu, but ultimately our rabbit was less than appeasing. My friends and I both ordered the same dish. I like gamey dishes when available and the followed suit. 
The only upsides to our meal was the cider I had, table bread, and the soup they ordered. They had the potato soup. The bread was super good and for it to be from an original recipe from way back when made it interesting.
The money spent was not my money's worth. I was really disappointed. I would like to give this place a second chance because I really want to like it, but I don't know if it is worth a second chance after a lackluster first experience with a lasting impression.Food was delicious. Large portions. Great service. Apparently, George Washington's inaugural ball was held in the upstairs dining area. This turned into an inebriated discussion about balls in the hall with our friendly and witty server. Marta Washington's chocolate cake is delicious and not too sweet. Everyone enjoyed their meals; not one complaint.I see what they are going for but I'm not sure they've quite got it.  Between the quaint uniforms and the alleged presidential beer recipes it all felt a little too gimicky.
I liked that the server was a fount of revolutionary trivia but he also was not even close to accurate with some of the claims he made.  Like he attributed an Abe Lincoln Quote to Ben Franklin.  Yes I know.  I'm a big nerd.  Sorry but it rubbed me the wrong way and then I had to do a terrible thing; whip out my 21st century smart phone in this 18th century style restaurant to verify that I was right and the server was wrong.  I didn't embarrass him with the correction but I just had to know.  (I was right).
I was also a  little disappointed at the menu.  I felt that it was too modern and yet too out of date at the same time.  What I mean is that although the menu items might have been served in revolutionary times, too many of the options were simply not combinations that actually were.  Then, I felt like the food on my plate would have felt more appropriate in the 1990s.  So too modern to be revolutionary but not modern enough to belong in a restaurant today. The taste was fine and as we all sampled from each other's orders I can make that statement across the board.
Overall, I had a good time but I doubt I'd return unless it was with some tourist frineds or something along those lines, which is actually what brought me in this time too.We had a very delicious meal -6 of us on a Friday evening.  The service was great and  the food was served perfectly.  We will definitely return.  If I was the owner, I would have some period costumed people around other than the waitress-just for a little more atmosphere.  
Otherwise everything was great!Such a great venue and the atmosphere was wonderful.  Felt it was alittle pricey   My husband had the pot pie and 21.95 is a bit much. He was disappointed there was no carrots in the pie.  The speciality beers the guys loved.  I had the corn chowder and the only things that bothered me was it was cold and not hot.  However, we would go back because of the uniqueness of the placeAfter spending an hour drinking Thomas Jeffersons beer and a porter by George Washington, I began to wonder how the Declaration of Independance ever got written.  Tasty beer and a good place to reflect on the founding of the country.
The menu is on the pricy side, if you are just touring around and over 50 this is a place for you.Not a great dining experience. My wife and I are visiting Philly and decided to try City Tavern. The good... Bread was very good, Onion and tomato salad was just ok, wife's turkey pot pie was also good. The bad... my steak and shrimp had good flavor, but that is all I can say. You can make a boot taste good, but you don't want to eat one. Try something else if you go. Service was not good.. very very  slow. Took us two hours to get through the meal with most of that time spent waiting... Not a good dining expierince!I love this place! Please try the Wassail and Raspberry Shrub during the holiday season, and the Turkey Pot Pie. The bread is delicious! The low-lights seem very fitting of the 18th century.We went to the City Tavern based on review and location.  It sounded like a cool place to go in the Olde City.  It could have been more.
The restaurant has 3 floors for dining.  We were seated on the lower level and felt it was kind of isolated.  I think the main dining room on the entry level had more ambiance.
They brought a variety of breads and butter right away and they were all tasty.  
We started with the Mushroom Toast which I'd say was the highlight of our meal and I would highly recommend.
We shared the romaine and roquefort salad.  It was good with plenty of roquefort.
My husband had the herb and veal sausage.  He enjoyed the sausage, but wasn't too interested in the potatoes.  I had the Tavern Lobster Pie.  It was filled with lots of crab, shrimp and lobster, so no complaints there, but the sauce was rather runny.
The waitstaff dresses in period clothing.  It would be better if they were more in character with the time instead of just dressing the part.  Just felt it could have been more of an experience than it was.Colonial theme restaurant. A replica bldg on the site of the original where Founding Fathers, their families and friends dined. Wait staff in period dress. Tables, chairs and place settings of the period. Menu based on recipes of the time. Beers available brewed from actual recipes of the founding fathers. Food is prepared in the original style (to today's standards). Our experience was possibly that the A-Team had the evening off. Service was slow - not as attentive as we are accustomed to receiving. The waitress didn't have answers to basic questions; such as: What type of crab is used in the crab cakes? she had to be reminded to bring ordered wine and asked for a water refill, and didn't return to ask for a beer order. Our host described a much higher quality of food preparation, but had to admit that perhaps there was a new cook (not a chef) in the kitchen. Still, everyone was friendly, the food still good, if expensive, and a good time was had by all. Perhaps our expectation exceeded the delivery? I'll recommend it only for the themed experience. There is better food at more reasonable prices with better service at many restaurants in the area.Well I didn't really care for the potatoe leek soup because it was a bit bland, but it was fun to have a chance to sit here and go back more than 200 years and wonder what it might have been like for many of the writers of the Declaration of Independence and the discussions that went on whilst they nursed tankards of brew.
Roast beef was very good. The waiter was pissy when we were there, but he soon warmed up once someone complimented him on his faux Lord Fauntleroy looking costume.Ehh I don't get the hype.  The food was expensive and there was no atmosphere.  We got placed in the basement and it felt like we were in a forgotten world.  Besides people in costume there was nothing else interesting. There was a person playing a harp in the basement hallway but once you were in one of the dining rooms you couldn't hear it anymore.  
Food:
Duck Sausage -  really bad.  I love everything duck and everything sausage.  This was bad duck and sausage.  Odd texture and no taste.
Seafood pasta - tons of seafood and actually tasted good but it was really expensive.
Turkey pot pie - the crust was great and the turkey chunks were good.  Could have used more vegetables.  The side order of pasta with gravy was gross.I drank George Washington's beer recipe, and I liked it. How many people can actually say they drank the first president's beer in the very same  tavern that he hung out in? Very historical place, it's worth stopping in for a drink and a snack. I felt bad for the staff, because they had to dress in 1700's era formal attire, but they kept a good attitude!Anytime we come back to town we visit here at least once. It like eating great food in a historical re enactment. Actually, that's precisely what it is. I cannot recommend this enough! Oh the turkey pot pie is out of this world. Even when its busy, conversation is easy so great place to take a family get together.Good chicken pot pie. Good drinks. Interesting place. Good for families and older crowds. Niche market. Very pricey for what you get.Love the food and the atmosphere, and would have gladly given it five stars but the service did lag a bit. I would probably recommend that you have reservations, although we were seated quickly without them (2 people). I had the rabbit which was delicious, but the soup could have been hotter.One of the best meals I've had in a long time. The service was impeccable, Dejuan was an outstanding waiter. I had the West Indies Pepperpot to start; I was told it was George Washington's favorite soup, it is now mine. The pork chop with mashed potatoes and sauerkraut was simply amazing. We had the apple cobbler with cinnamon ice cream and chocolate mousse for dessert. Both were heavenly treats. I cannot wait to come back.I thought the food was really good and the atmosphere was authentic to the period they are trying to mimic. I had the turkey pot-pie and my boyfriend had the tenderloin tips. Both were excellent. We would try again  when in Philadelphia.Ate there last evening 8/27/18. We were not told about any specials but overheard the waiter telling that information to the table next to us. Also we were never given bread despite others receiving a basket of various selections. Another annoying factor was I had to ask the waiter twice for a refill on my wine. He never asked if everything was ok. The food was so so (I can make a better pot pie). For the prices they charge their staff should be better trained.I love this place!  I had to take a French family out to dinner when they were in the Phila area. My veal shank special was absolutely excellent.  The chef clearly pays close attention to what he/she is doing. The salad and breads were very special.  A server named Sierra was truly wonderful to us, she did a great job.  My French friends were impressed with the quality of the meal.  I loved the old, colonial era décor of the place.  We'll be back!!  Thank you for a nice meal!!!What a neat place. Luv chef Staib.  Had the crab cakes, outstanding. Tried the barley soup, very good. Had one of the salad with Rockford? Cheese.  Dressing was mild.  Had the fried chicken cutlet and seafood linguini, both very good. For dessert the Martha Washington dessert.  Light and flavorful.  
Too bad we didn't see chef Staib or that would of topped the night.This place is amazing in so many ways. The ambiance encapsulates Old City. Walking into this old-styled restaurant is like walking into a time machine.  Once you walk in, you immediately see the 7 Emmys won by the chef's cooking show, which creates excitement  for the food. We had reservations and were seated within minutes of arriving. The menu is full of heavy, soul-soothing, hangover-curing comfort food. The beef medallions are melt-in-your mouth delicious. The mash potatoes are some of the best I've ever had. The fried oysters are giant and delicious. If they have the New England Clam Chowder on special, get it because it's damn near perfect. Our server, Miles, was so incredibly attentive, personable, helpful, and well versed on the menu's ingredients. You can tell he was passionate about the food, which got us excited. He even brought samples of things we inquired about but didnt order. Miles quickly brought out our appetizers with a delicious assortment of bread. Nothing disappointed here. We brought out-of-town visitors, and they were very impressed. I look forward to returning.What a historical little spot, although not the original, still is full of history. Menu is great and all traditional American. I had the beer sampler and loved all of them, especially George Washington's recipe. Also ordered the fried oysters while sitting in the tavern reading their books they have above the fireplace and soaking in the history. A must do in Philly!This place was awesome! Thomas Jefferson, Sam Adams, Benjamin Franklin will be walking around here. They have original beer recipes replicated from those presidents for you to try! The food is absolutely outta this world. You feel like you are in the 1700s era with the costumes and stories and language. This place is a definite repeat in the future. I had a blast!Ok, beer= awesome! a beer made with spruce and molases rather than hopps? TRY IT!.. crab cakes= order 2 helpings!
i am not much of an adventurist when it comes to meat- co workers had duck, which they do often & said it was the best EVER, same with venison. Pepper pot soup = delish!
GREAT atmosphere, and the staff and service deserve 6 stars!! 
now.. midiera? well... you should try it, just because you are there. i am not a whimpy drinker- but holy cow was it strong.. nice flavor though.
I did learn, i can never be a ' baller" SO WORTH GOING HERE WHILE IN PHILLYWhat a treat!!!! Nestled in an old historic building, the wait staff and atmosphere take you all the way back to the 18th century. And the Menu... absolutely the best thing about this place!!! 
The Turkey Pot Pie is a must... beyond amazing!!! Beef Medallions and Steak and Shrimp were also mouth watering!Fool me once, shame on you, fool me twice, shame on me...I admit it is my fault to come here again.
The first time I came here was 14 years ago, before we moved to Center City Philly. It was, after all, full of history, so even though we don't like tourist traps, we figured that we should check it out.
I remembered I had the shrimps, because it was so bad that it left a lasting BAD impression. The service was slow, and by the time I got my shrimps, they were stone cold. When I sent it back (which I rarely do), they took forever to bring the food back. By the time I got the "reheated" shrimps back, they were cold again. I basically swallowed each bite trying not to chew just so that I could fill up. I said I'd never ever come back again.
Fast forward 14 years to last weekend, and my husband suggested that we come here again. Since we were here to check out historical sites with our kid, he wanted to take her to experience a piece of history by eating there.
We had a 7 pm reservation, and arrived 15 mins early, so they sat us. We waited 15 mins for our drinks, then another full hour before getting our food. Our LO got the kid menu fish and chips for $12, which was so hot that she burnt her tongue. Her entree was good, but it was so large that I doubt most kids could finish it. BTW, drinks were separate for kids, which cost another $3. So budget around $15 just for the kids meal.
I had the port chop and my husband got the pot pies. Our entrees were good, but they were so cold when we got it, that I could barely taste the flavor. It was such an irony that the kid's food was hotter than the adults'.  I don't care if it was made by a great chef, if it wasn't served in proper temperature, it was tasteless to me.
We also ordered white wine by the glass. The first glass arrived luke warm. When we finally flagged down our waitress, she brought back another one that was also lukewarm (after another long wait). I didn't want to wait again, so I didn't send it back.
The waitress was nice, but she had so many tables to serve, some were outside the patio while others were throughout different dining rooms, that we rarely saw her. We promised our LO dessert after dinner, but she actually said she didn't want it because she didn't want to wait, as it was close to her bedtime. We waited to get our waitress's attention so we could get our check. It took almost 2 hours for dinner, and normally it would be fine with me, but not when we have a child in tow. 
Lukewarm wine, lukewarm food, lukewarm service...We don't get to eat in Center City that often now that we have a kid, so each dinner in Philly is special to us and we always made sure we picked a great place. Unfortunately, we made an unwise choice by coming here. Like Ben says, a penny saved is a penny earned. Save your pennies instead of spending them here.Love this place... Makes you feel like you are eating dinner in colonial times... Great place to bring family and friends...Nice colonial atmosphere in old city Philadelphia. Found a great 50% off coupon in independence hall gift shop which made this dinner 100% worth it!!! Beer selection was great and the steak was top notch. My daughter had a great time drinking from the pewter goblet all the while acting as though she was living in high society revolutionary Philadelphia.The Colonial atmosphere with live harp music was very soothing. The meal lead off with three period breads, English sweet bread, second I forgot, but the third was a sweet potato and pecan biscuit,  which was Benjamin Franklin's favorite and mine. The main course was roasted venison in bourbon mushroom glaze with barley and roasted vegetables. Two beers, first General George Washington then Thomas Jefferson. Their original recipe, my choice was Washington. Desert, Martha Washington chocolate muse with decaf coffee, both outstanding. The recipes are from the colonial period. I'm not a food historian, but the food was very good. The overall experience, fun.Great environment with a more authentic colonial feel than I would have expected for a tourist attraction. 
Food was 5/5 as well. I would highly recommend the chicken breast. 
Would recommend anyone who is interested in having an early American experience with some good food.City Tavern was the perfect experience for us.  We went for dinner to celebrate our 1 year anniversary.  We loved the historic feel of the building and the old fashioned cuisine.  The costumes were a little cheesy, but hey, what can you do?  
I had the roasted duckling and my husband had the rack of lamb.  Both were served perfectly and were delicious.  Now don't let the prices trick you.... the portion sizes are HUGE - especially when stacked against comparable restaurants.  We easily could have split an entree.  
My husband sampled their beer - favorite was the Alexander Hamilton. 
Loved it so much, I bought the cookbook - which is OUTSTANDING.  Not only are the recipes easy to understand... Chef Staib gives directions for finding the foods and the best way to prepare them.  Absolutely love it.  
My only complaint was our waiter was kind of boring (showed no personality at all) and was far to quiet.  In fact, he didn't even introduce himself when he came to table, which is bad customer service.  The receipt said his name was Mike... so... Mike... you need to loosen up and speak up.  Half the time we couldn't hear or understand him when he was talking to us.  
Overall, 2 thumbs up and we will definitely be returning when we head back to Philadelphia.I love Restaurant Week! This time around I had lunch at City Tavern, a place I've heard about and meant to try. The building and furnishings are old but well maintained, and the decor includes historic artifacts, maps, etc. The rooms are lovely and high-ceilinged, and the tableware tends toward heavy silver, so the mood is set!
I've seen Chef Staib on television. He is very serious about authentic but delicious food, and the menu reflects that. I had onion soup, beef pot pie and a linzer tart, as well as a sampler of beers made from Revolutionary-era recipes. The broth in the soup was terrific, and the pastry of the pot pie was crisp and tasty. There was a dessert board from which you could select one, and it included chocolate mousse cake, an apple bread pudding, creme brûlée, the tart and a couple others. They all looked very good, and my raspberry tart (with a side of cinnamon ice cream) was delicious.
The service was friendly and efficient, and I would go back here enthusiastically. There's a good selection of beers and wines, and before I left they even gave me a free dvd preview of Chef's upcoming series!Incredible place to eat with the ambiance and history!  I fully recommend the West Indies Pepperpot Soup (if you don't mind spicy) and the Pork Chop "Apple-Wood Smoked".  I actually ordered the Braised Rabbit with vegetable and egg noodles and gravy which was also good but I looked and got a taste of the Pork Chops and they were unbelievable!!!!  Beware, portions are huge!I found this place to be rather normal and non noteworthy from a beer perspective.  We ordered a couple beer samplers to find out what was available. Of the 4 available I didn't care for any one in particular. Nothing wrong with the beer but I simply enjoy a hoppier beer. The sampler was $15 which we found to be a fair price. Interesting place to see with the apparent history behind it, but I for sure won't return next time. I didn't have any food here since we had just eaten at Jims Steaks, but it looked too pricey for what I saw from other patrons plates.Thank you Heather for the history of the Tavern as well as the history of the libations I ordered. 
I recommend stopping at here while doing all the tourist stuff in Philly if you like to try and learn about old timey cocktails like I do.Excellent Service, Very good food and ambiance. 
I went to this gem of a restaurant this past weekend with a group girlfriends for dinner. After a day of exploring the historic district oh Philly in some rather unpleasant weather, we were ready for a great meal to close out the day. We were not disappointed! 
We started off with some crab cakes and fried oysters. Delicious! I had the turkey pot pie, which was definitely the best pot pie I have ever had. I was a little doubtful about the turkey, because I normally find turkey dry, but this was delicious! It's also HUGE! I finished a little more than half, but ate all the crust. 
My other girlfriends had the lobster pot pie, rabbit, and steak. Everyone loved their food. I didn't eat the dessert that we ordered, but my friend felt that the bread pudding was just so-so. 
The service was very good and you definitely get that colonial feel.Extremely underwhelming. We had a 7:30 reservation and arrived on time to a huge wait. A guy in front of us had a 6:30 reservation and was still waiting. Aside from the bread (which was delicious), we did not actually have food in front of us until 9:30. I had to send my duck sausage back because it was cold in the center and when it came back out it was completely drenched in sauce that I could not actually taste the sausage which in my opinion was still undercooked. Cobwebs were on a lot of the decor and it was kind of dirty. Drinks are way overpriced.
I also just don't understand why this place is also not all in on the theme. For example the people working there have to dress up for the time period but don't play the role at all. And the tables are set when you sit down but the waiter immediately removes the settings.
On the bright side there was a harpist which was beautiful and I did get possibly the best pot pie I've ever had.After a day of meetings, I was thrilled when I heard that would be at City Tavern. Too often these affairs are at AnyRestaurantUSA, but this was a welcome departure from the norm.  City Tavern is a treasure for fans of history and good food!
The restaurant is a faithful recreation of the City Tavern that opened here in 1773.  A year later the first Continental Congress met here. George Washington, John Adams, and Thomas Jefferson were among those that raised a pint here.  
I got a thrill when we entered the dining room and it was decorated like it may have been in those early days.  To top it off, the wonderful wait staff was dressed in period garb.
All of this can be charming, but all too often this screams tourist trap with mediocre food at best. That is not the case here! All of my colleagues reported being very pleased with their appetizers and meals. Of course, we all got off on the right foot with the presidential beer sampler prepared from historic recipes!
We started off with a delicious corn chowder and also had rolls that were from Martha Washington's recipe, which was really cool.  I then had the crab cakes, which were excellent.  Everyone gave thumbs up to the chicken breast madeira and the medallions of beef tenderloin.  
We ended our meal with a fresh fruit cobbler, which was a perfect ending for our meal and nice and warm as we headed back out to the cold night. 
City Tavern is a perfect touch for a visit to an American city that not only embraces its history, but also celebrates its role in the country's founding.This place has the right historical feel, food wasn't bad but service was horrendous. We had a reservation for 6, we were taking up the entire foyer and at least 5 servers walked past us without a greeting. When we were finally seated, it was several minutes before our assigned server came by... fast forward to the chicken meal that was supposed to be served *with* Chardonnay, which arrived after the meal was finished by at least 5 minutes.
Food was mediocre -- hot things were served lukewarm, things with gravy were drowning. Turkey pot pie was flaky, with moist turkey but not enough potato; the chicken special and the pork medallions were fair; desserts were passable.
Restaurant is a great landmark to walk through but don't go hungry and be prepared for poor service.We hit City Tavern as part of our little staycation for Beth's birthday. Anyone who enjoys Taste of History on PBS will probably love it. Yes it's touristy but the food is delicious, portions generous and its not overly expensive. Since we're locals we don't come often but it's always on the list when we have company in town.Great place to go when in Philly. The food is traditional 1776 but excellent. It's a historical theme resturant. You'll have fun I promise.We loved this small but great restaurant. The staff was very friendly and the food was great. We were transported to the 1800s when we walked in the door and we were greeted by staff who were dressed in traditional colonial gear.I lived in Philadelphia for years and always considered this place to be a tourist trap. I just ate here and still think it is. Having said that, I thought the food was high quality and our server was very pleasant. Some of the best crab cakes I've ever had. Two stars down for an awkward welcome (5 minutes in the foyer with several employees passing us without any greeting) and my girlfriend thought the vegetables were too buttery. Fun if you're visiting from out of town. Good for parties of 2-8.City Tavern is interesting as a 'historic landmark' but the food is overpriced and very mediocre . Our food was luke warm and tasteless - it's a very tourist spotJust took my parents to City Tavern for my dad's 80th birthday.  My dad had the trout with a bowl of pepper pot , my mom had the scallop/crab/lobster over pasta special, my husband has the lobster pie, and I had the tofu.  Everything was absolutely delicious.  We finished off with Martha Washington's chocolate cake and we had the mulled wine and a beer flight.  My father said it was the best meal of his life.  Service was perfect and the entire evening was thoroughly enjoyable.  Thanks for giving my dad a special birthday dinner.We stopped in as a family of four for light fare and some drinks before our time slot at the Revolutionary War museum.  We had the bread/cheese plate along with corn chowder and tried the flight of Founders-Era Beers.  It was good.  The food was nothing to write home about other than the fact that it is all traditionally inspired.  The setting is great with the wait staff in costume and there is plenty of history to read about.Awful food and service was very slow. We were excited to go and were really disappointed.Love this place and the fact that they dress of the day, circa 1700's. The vinegar shrug drinks are great!!!Gary and I attended a conference in downtown Philadelphia recently. A friend recommended we go here. A TREAT! I highly recommend it to visitors, for a real authentic experience of Colonial dining. It was great fun eating in the old building, sectioned into separate dining rooms in each room and on several floors. The waitstaff and hosts were all in Colonial attire.
Great family destination. We saw groups, families and friends all gather here for an excellent meal. The tableware is of the time period, including pewter-type (heavy duty) drinkware and candles on the tables. The menu reflects foods from that period, mostly meaty fare such as pork loin, turkey pot pie, lamb chops, steak, etc. TIP: A vegetarian would not like the menu choices. They served some special breads, including these delightful little sconelike muffin items that we loved.
I found the pricing within reason, given the special nature of this restaurant. And the food servings and quality were excellent! I told another in my convention to go here, and he wrote me how grateful he was for that tip. Don't miss it if you can get there!I came here fully expecting the possibility of a lame, touristy meal. They say the waiters are in period dress, but it's not over the top and just seems right. 
The food itself though is the reason to come. Ordered the lobster pie, despite the listing of "market price". It wasn't cheap, but it was worth it. I would suggest splitting it with someone unless you can eat a lot of rich food by yourself. The sauce is the best part and eats more like a soup, spent a good minute just smelling the darn thing before breaking open the flakiest, most delectable puff pastry known to man. 
The bread is also good, though I think T. Jefferson's favorite sweet potato biscuit should be served at breakfast not dinner, but Sally Lunn knew how to make a good white bread. I thought the slice I had felt dry when I was buttering, but when you bite into it, it's soft and chewy texture knows no bounds. 
And get Martha's raspberry shrub champagne cocktail. Perfect compliment to rich food.My husband and I stumbled upon this place.  Read the ads on the outside and decided to give it a try, after all President Adams recommended this place.  We ordered some fried oysters, there were shells in the oysters.  Worse, they use frozen oysters.  The cornmeal was totally overcooked.  My chicken was dry (over cooked?), and the sauce was thick and salty, canned swanson?  My husband ordered something completely different, and guess what?  SAME gravy!  Well we learned our lesson, great ambience and LOVED the sweet potato bread.OK I'm giving this place five stars for a reason: the ambiance.   The food we ordered was pretty good, plus the beer.   It was basic food, but well done in my humble opinion.    Loved the B. Franklin stout w/ a sweet molasses after-taste.    I ordered Marth Washington's pot pie and it was divine.   The crust was just how I like it.   We were all happy w/ the service.   The bar was inviting, too.  We went during a weekday at dusk.  They were lighting candles and I loved the shadowy light cast.   We had fun talking to the wait staff.Beef tips and mushrooms. This is fabulous- I can't wait for dessert!  Highly recommended.So overrated!!!
We had a party of 8 here on 12/27/2017.  So disappointed.  They overbooked so we had to wait 1 hour for reservation at 7:30.  Finally at 8:30 we were seated downstairs.  None of the fireplaces were lit and it was 19 degrees out.  Even tho we had reservations at 7:30 we were told that they had to seat the people who walked in before us (without reservations).  
The Mallard Duck Sausage appetizer was cold inside and had to be sent back.  The Mushroom Toast appetizer was lukewarm.  None of the food was piping hot.  Soup was not hot either. The Turkey Pot Pie was soggy, pastry dough on top was not cooked thru.  I've had much better food at non-historical restaurants but that is precisely why we went there - for the ambiance, which really did not overwhelm.  Fried Oysters were the most appetizing item we ordered.     
Our waiter was superb and the drinks were wonderful.  But i could have said that about so many other places in the city.  And it was very expensive which I would not have minded if we left happy and content.  We did not.  Will not go back.  Been there, done that.  
D F
Drexel Hill, Pa.The City Tavern Restaurant
138 S 2nd St, Philadelphia, PA 19106 (215) 413-1443
www.citytavern.comThis Penn's Landing gem situation in the Old City, Philadelphia is unique in that the waitstaff are costumed, the food is authentic 18th century offers, and the china, lighting, glassware is all dated to transport you to another time.  As I sat down to dinner a festive Benjamin Franklin served cocktails to the table adjacent mine and a buxom Harriet Tubman served some gentlemen their ales.  The tables were lit by lanterns which unfortunately made food photography challenging, but...in a phrase...challenge accepted!  Hopefully the images do not disappoint.
The lighter colored bread, Sally Lunn: large bun or teacake made with a yeast dough including cream, eggs, and spice, similar to the sweet brioche breads of France. Served warm and sliced, with butter, it was first recorded in 1780 in the spa town of Bath in southwest England.  Darker bread is Anadama, a traditional yeast bread of New England in the United States made with wheat flour, cornmeal, molasses and sometimes rye flour.  The small muffins are Thomas Jefferson's own recipe for sweet potato butter pecan biscuits.
Note: Thomas Jefferson's Biscuit recipe is from the National Constitution Center (NCC), Philadelphia PA. According to the NCC, Thomas Jefferson's biscuits were served at the first meeting of the First Continental Congress in 1774. These are light, tasty biscuits (scones), with or without the pecans.
Corn Chowder.  Nothing to write home about, but I will comment on the period china it is served in.  Those are iron bowls and something about eating out of a metal bowl just does it for me.  The Founding Fathers surely knew this as well since after tossing back a few ales, coming up with quotes like, "When in the Course of human events..." In fact I'm pretty sure most of the introduction to the Declaration of Independence was written drunk as it has some pretty dramatic stage effect (Jefferson got carried away)...but I digress, anyway, these dishes won't break easily.  Enough said.  Moving on.
Tenderloin Tips & Mushrooms. Marinated & sauteed beef tenderloin tips, mushrooms, sour cream-Dijon sauce, herbed egg noodles & vegetable of the season.
Medallions of Beef Tenderloin. Pan-seared beef medallions, Burgundy demi-glaze, mashed potatoes, asparagus & Sauce Béarnaise. Béarnaise sauce is a sauce made of clarified butter emulsified in egg yolks, white wine vinegar and flavored with herbs.
Dessert was a strawberry tort served with ice cream.  The cool thing about the desserts is a huge tray of sample desserts comes out at the end of the meal and you get to pick what it is you want.  Rather than look at a dessert menu, you actually get to see the desserts themselves.
Very touristy atrium.
One of the highlights of the evening: the harpist playing in the lobby.
Historical Information: If you're reading this I expect you already know, this was the place the founding fathers gathered and visited and drank. However it burned down long long ago, and after over 150 years the National Park Service had this new version created but it was made to be as original as possible. It opened again in 1975.Only tried the beer, sitting outdoors in the garden, but man were they good. We tried the sampler of four beers, then a pint of our favorite, the Hamilton Ale. 
Great for a hot afternoon when you need a flavorful beer.My husband and I have been here about three times before and always enjoyed it. The fried oysters and lobster pie are two of our favorite dishes! The service is always great. We came for the Thanksgiving dinner tonight and I was somewhat disappointed. We made our reservation on the first day they began taking them (early October) and requested a seat on the 2nd floor by the window, but we got a table next to the kitchen door. It was extremely busy with servers going in and out. Not very cozy. The apps were tasty, especially the crab cake, and the prime rib was delicious. However, with 2 drinks each plus tip our bill was about $300 (fixed price meal was $90 each). I expected a much better experience for that price. 
One other problem: when I went to the ladies room one of the servers was in the middle stall on her cell phone, arguing with some guy (I could hear his voice clearly through the phone). I waited for 5 or so minutes and finally just walked out. It's uncomfortable trying to use the restroom with someone right next to you on their phone. NO excuse for an employee doing that at a place like this!
I still love the food and atmosphere, and will return sometime, but not for one of the overpriced holiday meals. I still give it 4 stars because the food is always top notch!Delicious food and terrific service.  Thoroughly enjoyed the little tidbits of history regarding some of the favorites from some of our most famous founding fathers.  A must stop!Being on vacation I always like to experience something I find unique to the city. This restaurant was exactly that.  Where else can you dine where the founding fathers had?  It was like taking a step back in time.  As you walk in the doors you are greeted by the serene sounds of the gentleman playing the harp.  We were led upstairs to the main dinning Hall by a woman dressed in colonial attire.  They brought out breads served during that era and had a candle lit dinner.  I ordered the famous Ben Franklin Chicken dinner. It was outstanding! For dessert we had the Crumbled Apple Pie with Ice Cream. And I toped it off with a Merlot. If you want an experience it should be on your To Do list while here in Philly.We stopped in here for afternoon drinks and had a blast. The time period drinks were tasty(beer flights, cocktails). Servers were very friendly. Decor brings you back into historical times. Great atmosphere. For a gimicky place everything was done well. Would come back to try lunch.For me, the main appeal here is the historic building/setting (although it's a replica of the original which burned down), the harpsichord played by a woman in period costume (the waitstaff also plays "colonial dress-up"), and the presumably authentic 18th century brews!  
I can't say I've eaten extensively here.  I've only had the crab cakes and the bread tray (both good).  The rest of the menu looks intriguing, but I'll lay off commenting on the food until I've sampled more of it (duh).  
I think the best beer here (and one of the best I've had anywhere) is Washington's Tavern Porter.  I've downed many in the bar section and on the terrace/lawn seating area out back.  I've taken many more home with me (a six pack of bottles is $15 AND WORTH IT).  If you don't know which beer to order, get the sampler of four.  
BUT respectfully ask the management (as I did) to STOP putting Sam Adams (which they only recently started including) in the sampler with Washington's Porter, Jefferson's brew, and Martha's ale.  Franklin would be outraged if he knew this was going on - after all, he left puritanical Boston as a young man for a reason, and Sam Adams (though a good brew), does NOT belong in a Philly City Tavern sampler.  It's too mainstream and not very regional.Very nice meal, especially the seafood special (fresh!), and with very pleasant acoustics (high ceiling, not reflective) so one could have conversation even though it got more crowded as the evening went on. We arrived at 5:30 and had no problem with being seated. Pork chop was huge and delicious. Certainly would revisit.If you're visiting Philly and looking for a unique experience, I'd definitely recommend City Tavern. A historical setting, colonial garb, and 18th century cuisine?! Uhm YES! What else would I want after visiting Independence Hall and the Liberty Bell?!
Aside from the atmosphere, this place has got some good food too! I recommend the West Indies Pepperpot and the Colonial Turkey Pot Pie! The crust on that pie is soooo good! My fiancé got the beef medallions or something like that. I had to look up the menu just now to remember what exactly he had. If that says anything at all.. It was not memorable. 
As for drinks.. The Ales of the Revolution are a MUST! Essentially it is a sampler of beers-- recipes from our founding fathers! Cool, huh?Chef Walter Staib really hits home! The City Tavern, a Philadelphia Landmark and Tavern since before the revolution is THE PLACE to go when your in the Old City section of Philadelphia. The Service is Excellent as is the food! It's no wonder why our Founding Fathers chose this Tavern to plan the Revolution! 
I suggest you tried the home made Duck Sausage with Red Cabbage. This is the Best Red Cabbage I've ever had, except for my German Mothers! (Sorry Chef Staib, I had to put that there!). The Fried Oysters were PERFECT! The Roasted Rack of Ribs were beautifully prepared as well as aesthetically pleasing. I was in a historic mood so I choose the Martha Washington Turkey Pot Pie. A REAL POT PIE with Flaky Puff Pastry and fresh Vegetables. The Breads were all Freshly Baked and Delicious (NOT DAY OLD!). City Tavern has an extensive wine list, however, I chose the Beer Sampler. A collection of 7 original recipes from our Founding Fathers. All Seven were Excellent. 
As with any Celebrity Chef, There's plenty of opportunity to pick up a number of Chef Walter Staibs Cookbooks. There's also Plenty of history to look at on the walls. If you're traveling to Philly or you're in the area, I Strongly Suggest you make a reservation for the City Tavern and you won't be disappointed!The Duck!! Delicous!!  The ambiance of the place is incredible, colonial.  Our waitress was Alyssa, and she went above and beyond!  Highly recommended!Fun 18th century meal to cap off our visit to historic Philadelphia. Even the kids liked it! 
Features beer from colonial recipes, shrub drinks, cider, and roasts of all sorts. Sorry to miss John Adams, whom I'm told frequents the establishment.Very cool establishment. We didnt eat but had the beers. They are dressed in colonial garb. The beers are from recipes from the 1770s. Very cool place. I wouldnt go out of my way to visit it but if you are near by its is worth a pit stop.Once you've had their apple smoked pork chops you will never bother trying to make them at home ever again.  Seriously, everything on our plates was top-notch.  I didn't even know I LIKED sauerkraut!  The colonial-style oysters were my 7yr old's favorite, oddly enough.  And the founding fathers beer sampler - - awesome.  
The chef nailed it !  We are definitely going back.Nice period setting, includes the staff in period costumes. 
Sausage n sauerkraut appetizer would have been better with less gravy. Was drowning.
Main was double cooked beef in a choux pastry. Should have cooked 3 times. Was still tough. And again, a boat load of gravy drowning everything. 
The free bread, was interesting and tasty. Lucky it was not served with gravy. haha
So go for the ambience, and make sure the gravy is on the side.Would definitely recommend this place. They make every effort to be true to the time period. Great rabbit dosk, pork chop is good if you favor ham and the small biscuit is awesome. Beer flight is a good taste of historyChanneling my inner Spicoli, I've always thought that food and drink go hand in hand with learning about history.  City Tavern brings these two things together in a Congress-approved, historically relevant way.  The original City Tavern was the Founding Fathers' favorite watering hole back in Colonial times.  Although a fire destroyed it in the 1800's, a historically accurate reconstruction was built in time for the Nation's Bicentennial Celebration.  Fast forward to today and the City Tavern continues to operate as faithfully as possible to recreate the dining and drinking experience of the late 1700's.  Stepping into the City Tavern is like stepping into a time machine, but with present day prices.  Hostesses, bar, and wait staff are dressed in period costumes.  Furnishings, some of which are museum pieces, are true to the period and lend an authentic feel.  
Since we already had dinner reservations, we elected to have a drink while there...for educational purposes only, of course!  I had the Ales of the Revolution sampler ($12), featuring four beers from Philadelphia's own Yards Brewing Co., three of which were beers based on/inspired by original recipes from Benjamin Franklin, Thomas Jefferson, and George Washington.  The sample-size pours seemed generous (4-6 oz.?).  As expected, the beers differed greatly from each other in color, bouquet, and flavor.  All were interesting and enjoyable, although I found the Tavern Porter to be the most enjoyable while the Tavern Spruce Ale to be the most unique.  
Saying City Tavern is a tourist trap is a bit unfair.  I liken the experience to something you'd experience at Colonial Williamsburg except with beer and food.  3.5 stars.This was a nice experience with good friends! The place is interesting and I'd say the server made the difference between this being a 3 and a 4 because she (Sarah "Martha" the Sociologist Extraordinaire) shared a lot of interesting tidbits with us in a manner that was not annoying or in-your-face. She also did it in a fan manner as well (probably b/c our group is a bit goofy!!)
The food is decent, some of it very good, some of it average. All of it is some American fare made in a homestyle/homespun fashion. Some of the sauces were a bit too heavy (i.e. the fish, the mushrooms). It overwhelmed these dishes to the point where it's a bit hard to really taste the main part of the dish (fish or mushroom). The bread served with the soup was absolutely fantastic! The duck was also really solid. Mashed potatoes were just ok while veggies served with it were oily and overcooked. 
Dessert was all phenomenal- apple cobbler, creme brulee and the chocolate mousse cake. All excellent!!
So the highlights for me- the edifice itself, the service and tidbits learned along the way, bread and dessert...I'd say it's worth coming. Just be warned that it is pricey. If you have a beer, entree and share dessert, you will run close to 70$. I think I'd target this at closer to $50 and feel good about it...it was worth the experience for a single visit though. I wouldn't be eating here if I was a local...What an interesting place. The decor, the uniforms, the silverware...everything is pretty committed to the theme here. Its a tourist trap for sure; tour buses literally stop here for large groups to come in for lunch and dinner. We went here for a family lunch and we were a little put off by being ignored for 20 minutes and then the lack of apology from our waitress. There was hardly anyone there at the time which also doesn't make any sense. At least the food was good; I really enjoyed my roasted duckling; creamy potatoes, crispy glazed duck, and a medley of perfectly cooked vegetables. The rest of the meal went smoothly. I don't think its a place I would want to visit again especially if I was footing the bill because it was pretty pricey (especially as a lunch).if you are a tourist in philly and looking for a fun time and a good beer after walking around, this place is perfect. loved their microbrews, try the George Washington and Benjamin Franklin, awesome. really fun place and food is pretty good. servers dress up in customs.Food was good but the service was horrible! The only time the waiter was available was when he delivered the bill. The fare is simple but well done for what it is. Our dishes came out at various times and we often got the wrong dishes. Then the waiter blamed us for his efforts. The other staff nearby seemed so much better. Not going back anytime soon.After having a large sandwich from DiNic's for lunch, we hit the town again seeing more sights. It was over 100 degrees with high humidity, so I was ready for a break. We were in the area of the City Tavern which I wanted to visit. In 1774, John Adams called the City Tavern "the most genteel tavern in America". In 1777, the Continental Congress celebrated the first July 4th here. Because of my mom, I appreciate old cities such as Philadelphia or historical places such as the City Tavern. 
Everyone working was dressed in 18th century costumes. We mentioned we wanted some snacks and drinks, so we sat in the front room. We shared a cheese and crackers platter and an assortment of bread. Hubby had a glass of Thomas Jefferson's 1774 Tavern Ale. This ale was made especially following Jefferson's original ale. The ale was rugged and smooth at the same time. They also have ales from George Washington, Benjamin Franklin and Alexander Hamilton. After our snack, I mentioned how full I was. My hubby said I had to order Martha Washington's Chocolate Mousse Cake because he did not want to hear the rest of the week how I wished I had gotten the cake. Let me just say I was not disappointed. The bottom layer was chocolate cake, the middle layer was chocolate mousse and the top layer was a chocolate ganache. It was sinfully decadent. 
After getting back home I read up on the City Tavern some more because I was so intrigued. I was slightly disappointed to read that the original building had burned in 1834. In 1948, Congress commissioned the site to be accurately reconstructed. The City Tavern reopened in 1976. It was still a great stop.The total experience here was fantastic, Gregory our server was top notch! Our glasses(goblets) were never empty. The crab cakes had a beautiful crust on the outside and a soft warm interior, the ham and cabbage soup was perfectly balanced. Our main courses consisted of brazed rabbit and the sirloin, both were finished to perfection. Desert was exceptional as well.This is a good not cheap steakhouse but you pay what you get, the ambient is rustic and even they poor you water on a footed cup! I recommend order a corn chowder and the steak. Also, I enjoy the selections of the founder beers, I had the Hamilton pale ale, which was a great addition for the meal. Lastly, the bread is amazing and don't skip dessert it really worth it.We were walking by and remembered this place from one of the tours.  They were booked til 8pm so we decided to spend the hour in the "subscription room" trying out their beer sampler.  In order of my preference, I liked the Thomas Jefferson's Tavern Ale the most, next the George Washington's Tavern Porter, then the Poor Richard's Tarvern Spruce, and last the Alexander Hamilton's Federalist Ale.  We also split the West Indies Pepperpot Soup.  At first glance, it didn't look appetizing but it was full of flavor and had a spicy kick to it.
Once our table was ready, we brought over our unfinished drinks.  Based on the Yelp highlights and reading other food articles, I ordered the sweet potato biscuits (Thomas Jefferson's fav) and the turkey pot pie.  My plus one went for the lobster pot pie.  The turkey pot pie was simply tasty with chunks of turkey breast and topped with a flaky buttery pie crust.  This makes it not as filling and heavy as other pot pies.  The lobster pot pie, on the other hand, was salty and something tasted off with the seafood.
The decor, the food, and the staff all made me feel like I was back in the 18th century.  It was great way to end my colonial day.Food was delicious.  Definitely a touristy-type restaurant.  Our server could not have been nicer (yay George!).  Prices were high, expected though for the kind of restaurant it is.Being from Virginia I've eaten at and enjoyed a lot of historic restaurants.  This one was a disaster.  It's one large room with white walls and light bulbs in the wall sconses.  Other than the cheap costumes the waitstaff wear it doesn't seem historical and the food was awful.  Avoid the greasy viener schnitzel and the meats are cheap cuts of fat and gristle.  
If you feel like paying way too much for cheap, greasy food and sitting with little kids and sweaty tourists - this is your place.  For everyone else - avoid at all costs!I had one of my most bizarre dining experiences at the City Tavern in old town Philly. Let me tell the whole story. Came here with my wife in the evening for dinner, and we're seated by some guy in colonial garb. My wife and I look over the menu, and one special catches my eye--a stew with egg noodles and rabbit. When the server returns at our table to see if we're ready to order, I ask him the price of the special, since it's not listed on the menu (priceless specials on menus are a big pet peeve of mine, but I digress). He tells me the special is $23, and at that price I order it, along with the beer sampler on the menu. My wife ordered an entree that cost $20ish, with her own beverage. So we wait a while for our food, which comes out in about 20 minutes or so. The stew was good, and the beers were excellent; I enjoyed my food and drink. The wife found her dish agreeable as well. When we finish our meals, the server checks if we'd like dessert, but being full we simply ask for the check. He comes back with it, and upon inspecting the bill I see that my special was charged as $28 versus $23. Hmmm, must of been a mistake, or so I figured. When the server circled to our table, I mentioned that he quoted the meal I ordered as $23, and that's the price I expect to see on my bill. The server tells me to wait a moment, before walking away. In a few moments, up comes the manager, also dressed like Thomas Jefferson. I reiterate my same argument with him, and at first, he doesn't want to change the bill! My wife and I certainly would not make a scene over $5 as no normal people would, but I told him that I expected to be charged menu prices, and in the absence of prices, I expected to be charged those communicated by the waitstaff. It's certainly not my fault if the server wrongly quotes prices from memory. So here I am, arguing with Benjamin Franklin or whoever, and at my insistence of being charged $5 less, the manager threw up his hands and said, "Don't worry. I'll take care of it." He scurries off, only to come back 5 minutes later with a check where our entire bill of like $60 or so is comped! I found the situation so bizarre and unreasonable in terms of the most basic business practice. I mean, who the heck in the restaurant business deals with such a minor situation in such a dramatic way?! I and my wife were kind of appalled, as we have no problem paying for what we consume, at the prices that we expect based off all of the foregoing information available prior to the purchase decision. In any event, we didn't really know how to handle the situation, and we decided to just leave. However, about mid-way down the steps at the entrance of the City Tavern, Ben Franklin (the manager) follows us out with the comped check in hand, insisting in an urgent tone that we at least tip the waiter. My wife and I looked to each other, not really believing this development. Seriously, after you absurdly comped the whole bill over minimal customer dissatisfaction, you expect me to reward the waiter who didn't even get the special price correct and more or less caused said customer dissatisfaction? It made very little sense. But against our better judgment, we took the bill, and I left a $23 tip (the misquoted price of my special). Bizarre, super bizarre... But in the end, I was left ambivalent then just as I am now, while writing this. I guess I can't complain about food, drink, service, or price here, and criticizing the manager's over-accommodation seems silly, so I am leaving a positive review and do intend to go back one day with the hopes of avoiding any such awkwardness on my return visit. All in all, City Tavern is a great restaurant in a historical part of Philadelphia that's definitely worth trying if you haven't yet.Historically good; since 1773. Dining at City Tavern is an experience you can't miss. It takes you back in time and the food is pretty good too. I feel like I'm wasting my breath cause John Adams called it "the most genteel tavern in America." I agree.This restaurant was everything that I would hope it would have been. The food was really really good. We both had the Lobster Pie. Our appetizer was the cornmeal fried oysters and all of this was too much food that were not able to finish. I would get the beer flight. You can try all of the different types of Yards beers they have on tap. They were all very good.This is a review of the bar, not the restaurant.
The bar was incredible, with excellent beers to boot. If you do one thing in Philadelphia, see the liberty bell. But if you do two things, drink here. I especially recommend the Revolutionary Ale, slightly pricey but they are the original recipes used by the founding fathers. No hyperbole, they are the best beers I have ever tasted. 
As a Brit I'm glad America won it's independence as it allowed them to make such excellent drinks.Unique menu, great food, nice ambiance, old world touches like drinks in pewter cups and staff dressed in colonial garb... I loved it!! Kid friendly too! I had the crab cakes and roasted duckling while my kids had the turkey pot pie. Delicious!!! Made reservations online with ease on their website. This place is a MUST when visiting!!! Will definitely be backIt was authentic enough to not have "Ye Olde Vegetarean Meel" - but the mashed potatoes and apple cider I did have were fine. The salad was . . . a salad. Our waiter used some period language and was dressed funny, and the water was served in cooled metal goblets. There was a guy playing a harp. I'm not sure if these things justify the cost for the meal, but luckily I wasn't paying!Without a doubt the WORST and most overpriced meal I've ever had!!! 
The only good part of this revolting experience was the live harp music and the bread. While I generally won't go near any of the tourist spots, I got suckered into going for what was promoted as a "Spargelfest" (asparagus festival), which conjured up memories of my grandmother's cooking, along with wonderful white asparagus dishes I've enjoyed in Germany. Oh well, I guess you really can't go home anymore. 
We were seated in a grimy basement room, with a lovely view of the backsides of people waiting on the street, not the garden view we had requested when making the reservation. The floor and adjacent ladies room were filthy. Service was cursory at best, bordering on sullen. Cold air blasted us from a duct next to the table. Items listed on the online menu featured for the day were not available. OK, I can live with that, BUT.... the featured white asparagus was tough, stringy, undercooked, the sauce was bland and greasy, the minscule portion of salmon likewise was awful, medallion of beef was tough, and everything was cold by the time it reached the table. All this for nearly $80?????
Never again!!!!!!Taking advantage of the last "nice" weekend of the year, we chose to take a trip up to Philly to see the sights again and, since it was cool out, to deviate from the usual Philly routine (historical sites, Chinatown, historical sites), to eat at City Tavern.
Initially promoted during a walking tour of Philadelphia, and later reinforced through PBS and Food Network watching, my expectations were somewhat mixed. The food sounded great and the concept sounded very good, but the nagging "tourist trap" gremlin had to be blocked out. Fortunately the experience was worth it.
A more or less faithful reconstruction of a Revolutionary War era tavern, City Tavern features a menu of traditional colonial American and German cuisine (the chef is German), while selling a Yards Brewery line of revolutionary ales. I had the Thomas Jefferson, and it made the second half of the day considerably warmer and merrier.
The food itself was excellent. I started with the pepperpot soup, a spicy mix of beef, beef broth, kale, and potato. The perfect starter for a somewhat dreary day and a good companion to the selection of three traditional breads served prior to lunch. Other members of my party had the mushrooms on toast (excellent), and smoked fish platter (delicious).
For the main course we went with two types of pies (beef and turkey), and a traditional sausage platter with pasta. All were excellent, with a nice meld of German and British influences (pie with sweet and sour cabbage, etc.). All dishes were large and somewhat heavy, but went great with beer and wine.
Dessert was (since we were all stuffed) a shared portion of bread pudding. It too was delicious.
The ambiance was very traditional. From the liveried servers (who fortunately did not try to be re-enactors) to the lack of electrical lighting, the place took you back in time. Some more natural light would have been nice (an awning over the entrance blocked it), but the candles made up for it.
While expensive, this is one "traditional experience" restaurant I can get behind.We just stopped in for a drink ... Port was amazing. 
Eggnog was STRONG cider was great.The place takes you back to yesteryear, if you are in Philly I recommend that you visit this place. The food was delicious but a bit pricey. To add to authenticity the waitresses should light the candles with matches and not lighters.I wish we ate somewhere else. This was my and my bf's first dining experience in Philly and it was subpar to say the least. I get that this is a tourist destination but the quality of food should match the prices. My trout tasted like cat food and my bf would've been better off with Stouffer's turkey pot pie. Service was slow. The colonial costumes made the dining experience awkward. At least the beer was cold. Do not recommend for visitors; go somewhere else for good beers and food!One of the coolest restaurants I have ever been to. The history of this tavern is  incredible. The fact that some of our founding fathers  hung out  here is  pretty awesome. I have eaten here a few times. I really enjoyed Martha washingtons pot pie. Apparently it was the same recipe that she would make for George. They also have some great historical beers as well, this place is a must!
Great Ambience!I tried the duckling and Rabbit and both were very okay. Nothing extraordinary. And I would say it was even a bit tasteless.I really love the corn soup. Seriously, it was the first time I drank the soup without adding any black pepper. I think it's because I don't know how to eat the turkey pie, so I found it okay. I was expected the server would tell me how to taste them though. One disappointment is that I expected the black tea to be good, but it was Lipton. They should at least have some good black tea. Overall, it was an interesting experience to try 18th century cuisine.Nice place to hear some stories about old Philadelphia. If you are going here thinking that you will be eating exactly where George Washington ate think again. The original building was demolished and this one was built in the 70s. Food was decent but the service was great. The servers had some great stories to tell about the original house. Definitely worth at least one trip here.After a review of some options in the area for lunch with family and friends, we wound up at the City Tavern.  
The City Tavern is warm and inviting with its historic old-Philly charm.  They support Yards, a local brewery, and have a good variety of beer styles from them with a flight available.  We got several different dishes and split them in sort of a free-for-all lunch. All-around a good lunch between the atmosphere, service, and food (and local beer!). 
I would give them 3.75 stars if I could, but I can't, so 3 stars it is.  I wouldn't have a problem coming back and giving them the opportunity to bump my rating to a 4.This is a wonderful place for the historic experience. The food is perfect for a cold winter night. The ambience is cozy, warm and dark. Think heavy, comfort food. Our server Harris was helpful and attentive.
The 4 beer tasting is a great value.
One criticism, the flowers used throughout the tavern looked like they were left over from Thanksgiving....dried up dead asters. Come on, buy a few poinsettias...!I truly enjoyed this place. The food is as authentic as it can be, and there's a fabulous variety. What a cool experience to eat and socialize where our founding fathers stayed and ate and debated! Waitstaff is very friendly and accommodating. The bread was just ok, but my duckling was phenomenal, and the blueberry cobbler (served warm and a la mode!) was fantastic! Highly recommended--and this is coming from a waitress at a similar Colonial restaurant in DC!We only had drinks here but the space is interesting, the staff are all in period dress and this is a must see in the area.Have you ever asked yourself "After a long day of writing a document that would start a war, how did Jefferson like his rabbit cooked?" or "I wonder if George Washington liked his dressing on the side?" 
Well at City Tavern you can party like is 1799. Grab a falgen of iced tea and get a good meal before standing in line at the Liberty Bell.
 I recommend this place as the perfect lunch spot to take your grandma while you show her the historical sights of Philadelphia- at least thats what I did. 
The food is good, the waiters are colonial and the building is nicely historic.
Bottom Line: Go here with family visiting you, not otherwise.A touristy, colonial style restaurant with great service and mediocre food. The upstairs dining area looks like a large banquet hall with overly bright lighting.  The front room has a cozy fireplace which would be nice for enjoying a cocktail on a cold winter evening.
The west indies pepperpot soup was delicious, but overly salty.  The cornmeal crusted oysters were quite sizable and nicely fried, but didn't have much flavor in the breading and could have actually used more salt.  For my entree I had the pan seared brook trout, which wasn't that great.  It had thick breading on it, lacked seasoning and was over a bed of herbed barley which I wasn't a fan off- they tasted like slimy beads.  My dinner companion had the crispy duck which seemed amazing, although I didn't actually get to sample any.  For dessert we had some kind of shortbread pastry w/ ice cream.  The shortbread was good but overly sweet but the ice cream was delicious.
The place was nice to try since I'd never been before but I probably wouldn't go back for dinner, but would maybe stop in for a beer/cocktail.We stopped here after doing the tourist trip to Independence Hall and the Liberty Bell. The beer was great, from the local Yards brewery, using some recipes from the Founding Fathers. The atmosphere, however, was the best part: candles on all tables, employees all dressed in period outfits, live harp and violin music, calm ambience, and the feeling of being in a building from before independence - possibly frequented by the Founding Fathers themselves. We only had a few appetizers and a dessert; they were good but not stellar. The menu for full courses looked equally delicious and expensive. I would definitely return here.I found out about City Tavern on an About Philadelphia tourist channel in our hotel. Because I love historical sites I went right to their website and WOW they have Tofu! We were sold on the spot. Our server was really great, my mom even took a picture of him because he looked so great in his outfit. He was nice enough to double check that our meal would be Vegan, made sure he provided us Vegan bread and recommended one of the beers for me. We wanted to go back but next time we were in the area they were just closing.I once had a foodie german/english bf who knew to bring me to unusual places- at least unusual to me. We came here once for Sunday brunch. A tad bit pricey but that's the price you pay for something not so common. The dishes can be quite unique here. If that's what you are looking for try City Tavern.  If I find the pics I will put them up. The colonial theme was out of the ordinary. I will be back now that I found this location again. Thanks yelp. PS. I loved the back outdoor seating. The entire experience minded me of being in on a mansion porch in the South during the cotton plantation era in history. I have pretty wild imagination: must be my trigger of reincarnated past lives. :-pFunny story. Last time we were at City Tavern, we had just experienced a lull in the conversation when my oh-so-classy fiance let out with the loudest fart I have EVER heard. The look on his face was priceless. Clearly, he thought it was going to be silent, but oh no. It most definitely was not silent. Luckily, we had already paid, because we booked it out of there real fast after that.
What does that have to do with City Tavern itself? Nothing.
I'm sorry, but I love this place. I don't care that it's a tourist trap. I'm one of those ridiculous people who gets all verklempt over drinking ale in the same place Ben Franklin drank ale. It's become our standard watering hole to visit when we have friends in from out of town, because it's just so dang neat.
I've only been here to drink. The food menu looks pricey, so I'm not sure I'll ever do anything here except drink. Even the drinks are a tad overpriced, but everything I've tried has been good. And INTERESTING. When we hit the holiday season, they started serving all sorts of cider drinks and WASSAIL. That's right, I'm sorry, but I find it super cool that you can walk into a historical tavern and order actual wassail. Hence the four stars.We went there for lunch on January 17.  The food, drinks, and staff were all excellent, particularly when sorting out some dietary restrictions.  Sierra, in particular, was awesome.  We had been there several times for drinks but this was our first meal there, and we would definitely go back.I love going to "historical" restaurants to experience the environment and the specialties. The one I tried in Boston was a bit of a disappointment in terms of food so I did not have high expectations. But City Tavern exceeded my expectations. The food was amazing (and definitely a big portion of food) (Note: you get a metal goblet filled with icy cold water to quench your thirst after a day of sightseeing and a complimentary bread basket with butter), the service was wonderful, and the environment was cozy. I love the dinner by candlelight. The people who work there are dressed up in period costumes which was a plus! I got the Duckling and my boyfriend got the Rabbit (shared so we got to try both). Yum! Great for family. Casual dress code.You have to be a special kind of bad for me to write you a bad review, but here I am. Food was on a fixed menu, which included 35 dollar chicken finger and fries from the kids menu. We had not been informed of the fixed menu when we made our 5:30 reservations. We were seated promptly at 5:30 and paid our check at 8:30. It was 1.5 hours from our seating until the first food hit the table. No one from management even addressed us or the situation.  When we were finally fed we had mixed reviews. I would say my food was a solid 5. At 100$ a head for the meal, I expected so much more. There are so many places in the city you can go and feel great about spending that kind of money. This isn't that place. To top it all off, it was our Mother's Day dinner. There was zero customer service. The chef is more interested in selling you his DVD's than he is in creating a unique dining experience. It is NOT kid friendly. They sell it like a Williamsburg experience. There isn't anything cultural about it. It's college kids slinging food in funny outfits. It's practically Captain Hook Fish n' Chips corny! Walk half a block south and have a real meal.Had an issue with being served first time I went, but manager called me and asked me to come back. I did, and glad I did. Service was much better and Chicken Madeira was quite good. Jason, the PM manager took good care of me. Highly recommend.My husband and I had dinner here over July 4th weekend, which is their busiest week of the year. The waitress was very friendly and was great at giving out recommendations. She also stopped dinner at one point to give a little history on the tavern. The service was on a slower end, though, compared to other restaurants. Our dinners were very good. The prices are a bit higher than most other restaurants for the same food, but not all restaurants are this historic and have servers in colonial outfits. :)Check out Sean b's recent review which nails it on the head. 
Must try: Ben Franklin's Spruce Ale. His recipe from the 1770's.
Again attentive service from all involved.   
Having sampled mostly everything here i tried a new one. The wiener schnitzel was a buttery flavored light batter over 2 ample sized veal slices. Accompanying veggies were a delight. My friend had the Chicken Madeira and raved about it. He loved his cocktail which was colonial in nature 
Clean plate club for both of us !So romantic, the place is dimly lit and toasty warm. We enjoyed Turkey pot pie and Tenderloin tips after the fabulous Crab cake appetizer that was perfect. For dessert the Martha Washington Choc Mousse cake was decedent and the cherry on my husband's birthday dinnerI picked this place in a pinch cause usually it's not my thing. 
But let me tell you- while the chicken and artichoke salad was "meh" the pepper-something soup I had was something I'll crave for ages! 
A really nice surprise!I always love checking out old places and restaurant that's been running for a long time. So, I like this place a lot. over 200 years and still running.
order the famous beer sampler, a brandy cocktail (too drunk to remember the name but it's very strong) and bread sampler (breads a actually pretty good). knowing that many famous people, such as Washington, from many years ago was here drinking and dining, it's great to be able to enjoy the same beer and bread that they had.
I also really like the uniform the waiter and waitress wears. really make me feel like I am back in time.I spend a lot of time in Old City and realized last night I had never eaten at City Tavern.  I love that the building is a recreation of the historic tavern that stood on the same grounds and decided to give it a try.
The special was prime rib.  I requested medium and it came out perfect.  The edges were slightly charred and the interior was the perfect color.  The flavor was amazing.  It was served with mashed sweet potatoes and green beans slathered in a delectable buttery sauce.  My only surprise is that the meal was so rich I had trouble finishing.  It's a problem with which I can live.
The service was also very strong.  The waiter was knowledgeable, friendly and professional.
The only things that made this a strong four star experience rather than a five star experience for me is that the medley of bread goods served were largely tasteless (except the Jefferson biscuits (yum)) and the bathroom was out of soap and less clean than might be hoped (though still OK).
Overall, I would happily take friends and family back to City Tavern.City Tavern is a very good restaurant and ambiance at the edge of the historic sites in Philadelphia! The wait staff and menu have a colonial theme in an historic building. The beer sampler, bread, and turkey pot pie were very good. The crab cake was delicious.I ate here last Saturday to celebrate my birthday.  I'm fond of the  show, Taste of History. Although,  the chef was gone  for the day, the experience was still wonderful.  For a fall treat, try the apple cider with a shot of appl brandy...it's  delicious. I  order the crab cakes for a starter and they were amazing...for my entrée, I  order the Chicken Madeira with mashed potatoes and vegetables. The dish was very tasty. Dessert was next but my apple cobbler was a little to tart for my liking. The server was kind enough to remove it from the bill without anyone  asking her to do so. Overall,  I  had a fantastic birthday because of the atmosphere,  quality of food and company at City Tavern.  I  will be back for lunch!City Tavern is a neat restaurant. There's a lot to read about the place and it's meaning in history. Info on the public television show is everywhere inside. The bldg is cool and lighting is mostly by candles and dim wall sconces. 
The restaurant is very welcoming of visitors to the Old City in Philadelphia who didn't bring dinner jackets or have children in tow. With multiple floors of dining space, the staff are constantly moving up and down stairs. For a place that hold such meaning in Philadelphia, I think more effort should be made to give guests a calmer experience. The host showed stress at seating walk-ins and reservations. The staff seating us thanked us for being patient. Servers seemed to always be rushing around. Maybe a few more staff is needed. 
We enjoyed the flight of ales of the revolution which a Pa brewery (Yards) made ales with recipes from our forefathers (George Washington, Thomas Jefferson, Ben Franklin, and Alexander Hamilton). Our favorite was the one from Thomas Jefferson's Tavern Ale. For dinner, we ordered the pork chop and braised rabbit. A selection of house made breaks were brought to the table. Normally, I stay off the bread, but I couldn't pass up their tasty breads. The pork chop is big and served with sauerkraut and mashed potatoes. It is as others Yelpers have described, tasted like ham. The braised rabbit was a huge serving of 2 rabbit legs with squash, onions, and carrots over noodles. I barely got through half before I waved the white napkin of surrender. It tasted fine. But I wondered how closely did the recipe adhere to 18th century cooking techniques and seasoning. Compared to the kind of flavors and seasonings available to us now, it might seem somewhat less interesting. But if I knew that it is near to how such a dish might have tasted, it would add to the experience. There's a lot of potential here. With a few adjustments, guests would enjoy themselves more.West Indies Pepperpot Soup is to die-for!  Everyone is well-trained in gluten-free and I felt very comfortable eating there.  Had to buy the City Tavern cookbook-- it has every menu item plus more!  The pewter water goblets were a lot of fun, too, and we were able to purchase a few before leaving!Food was very nice, Thomas Jefferson's Ale was tasty, and service could be improved. I opted to go with the Turkey Pot Pie, which I really recommend. It was served in a flaky crust, with lots of pieces of turkey and a creamy sauce, as well as different vegetables. Prior to the entree, the server, dressed in colonial garb, brought out different breads, made in an authentic style. I felt he needed a little more polish and professionalism, as where he stood, leaning against a chair at another table, while taking my order seemed awkward and as if something might be wrong. At the end of the meal I decided to order another of Thomas Jefferson's recipe Ale, and the server made a comment showing surprise that I wanted a second beer, which also made me question his experience. I finished it rather quickly to walk back to my hotel (the Sheraton, very nearby). I think it was a slow night, and perhaps that had something to do with it. I enjoyed the experience overall, and would recommend going.Came Here on a tour after our tour guide insisted we get a cocktail here. If anything just go for the building, it is beautiful. There was a hArp player as we entered the building and everyone was dressed in costumes reminiscent of Ben Franklin days. Great selection of beers, and the crowd was friendly. Try the beer sampler. Will go back to try the food, it all looked really good coming out. Check out the back patio.This place is touristy, but fun. We tend to recommend it to friends and family visiting from out of town. Food, service, and gimmick come recommended. Tonight my wife took our kids, and her mother and sister who were visiting. 
My wife has celiac sprue, and was excited to see a menu item listed as gluten free. Usually she can't eat when she goes with people to restaurants. It definitely wasn't gluten free. Maybe the item was prepared without wheat. Maybe most of the ingredients were gluten free. But either they used spices that they didn't realise contained gluten, or cross contamination occurred on cooking or prep surfaces. 
We really appreciate that more places are trying to cater to customers looking to avoid gluten. But if you can't successfully deliver that, we'd prefer that we not be misled. She'll be sick for a week or two. The symptoms are unpleasant, so I won't list them, but they're severe. Eventually it can lead to cancer.I stopped at this place while in Philly. I really like the history around it. Didn't have the food but tried the ales of the revolution sample and it was great. I would like to try this place again if I ever make it back to Philly.The City Tavern was very nice.  Very historical and the food was very tasty.  I had the tenderloin medallions and shrimp.  The steak was cooked perfectly to my order.
I would definitely recommend the City Tavern just for the historical flair, the high quality of food and the great service.
Our wait person even accommodated us by splitting up our ticket in a party of five.  Thanks!City Tavern was recommended to us as a tourist attraction where the servers are dressed in colonial garb and the food was decent.  Probably would rate it a 3-1/2 star.  We were not disappointed by the service and fairly good food.  We were seated on time of our reservation even though the restaurant was a little crowded.  The waiters were responsive and friendly.  The pot pie was excellent, but the roast pork was just fair (maybe a little on the overcooked side).  Dinner portions were decent but the dessert portions were very generous.Touristy or not, we decided to come here to check out the ambiance and history.  It didn't seem overly touristy while we were there. This could have been the season (it's not so busy this time of year). The waiters wear cute colonial outfits and the place has so much charm. They definitely don't make houses like that anymore (solid wood floors and doors, nice molding, beautiful and tall windows). 
It has a pretty unique menu and that drew us there. To start, I had the pepperpot soup. It was my favorite thing. It has a strong, spiced (not spicy but heavy allspice) taste which I just loved. I could have eaten only that. We also tried the duck sausage which was great and can kind of be described as a duck hot dog. My hubby had the turkey noodle soup which was thick and chunky and reminded me of what you'd eat when sick with a cold. Yum.
For my main meal, I ordered the rabbit and noodles. Holy mega portion! I'm not a vegetable fan but  many would enjoy that it was loaded with fresh veggies. It also had a significant amount of rabbit meat (on the bone) and noodles. The sauce was a brown sauce that was pretty good. Rabbit tastes a little like chicken which was unexpected. There is both white and dark meat. It had a little bit of gamey flavor but not overly so. Overall I liked, but not loved, the dish. The portion was huge and because I don't like veggies, it hardly looked like I touched it.
My uncle ordered the pork chop which he said was the best he'd ever had. My aunt ordered the salmon which she cleared from her plate. My husband ordered the trout which was another huge portion and came with four pieces of fish. The food is very rich and filling. It definitely seems more of a winter comfort food place...I couldn't imagine eating such a meal in the summer.
Save room for the dessert! I had the coffee cake which was generously sized, buttery and crumby. My hubby had the bread pudding which had just a small but amazing hint of ginger. My aunt had the chocolate mousse cake which she said was great. My uncle had the cobbler which he said was fantastic.
The whole meal was great. The ambiance was fabulous. The service was just okay (our waiter was a bit blah). Overall a great experience. I'd love to come back and try a pot pie. I'd also definitely get more pepperpot soup.They are keeping to Old Philly tradition within reason. The language is very 2013, but the history is very 18th century. 
The food is very good. Go for something you haven't tried. Our table did Braised Rabbit, Roasted Duck and the Turkey Pot pie. A great way. to warm up was the Apple Cider, Whiskey, Rum drink warmed. Wow! 
A great place to take Tourist & family that wants the feel of Ye Ole Philadelphia. The table breads are very nice also.The food was really good and the portions huge. I have to agree with other reviewers here, the turkey pot pie and beer sampler are top notch. The history of the place makes it a lot of fun. I would definitely go back despite the rather pricey menu.Had a very good meal.  I had the West Indies Pepper Pot soup (much fresher than what I remember having as a youth) and the tender medallions of venison (the rosemary-bourbon sauce made the dish).  My wife enjoyed her seafood pasta dish.  Service was pleasant, but with a sense of the history of the place.  Would go back again.My friend and I went to Philly on the spur of the moment for a concert. I decided to extend our trip a few days so that we could explore the city and it's food! Many people and several web sites suggested City Tavern as a "must" to experience. I had high expectations for the ambience but not the food. I am a Pescetarian and fairly health conscious. Based on the menu I anticipated the food might be a bit heavy. When we arrived we were greeted by a friendly woman dressed in period garb. Charming! The tavern has been lovingly and painstakingly restored. The day was grey and rainy and that lent even more to the ambience. We were seated by a window with a taper candle glowing softly at our table. They are known for their home brewed ale courtesy of our Founding Fathers recipes, so of course we did a tasting! What fun! My favorite was Ben Franklin's ale recipe. I must tell you, I have a huge crush on Ben, so I may be a bit biased ;) Our waiter was akward and not very helpful with menu choices. My friend ordered the lobster pot pie. I ordered Ben Franklin's fried tofu dish (big surprise!). The pot pie was very good but very rich. My salad was fresh and the tofu was presented on pasta noodles. Tasty but heavy as I expected. After lunch my friend stepped into the bar for a snap shot, she got a snap all right, the bartender told her he didn't like his photo taken! :( 
Overall, the Tavern is lovely and the food is good. If you like light healthy food just order a salad and a tankard of Ben's ale!Incredible food and beer.  Both are unique and should be on everyone's bucket list.  Best food I have had at a restaurant yet.We always get a great meal in this historic tavern. Today I tried the Beef Pie Turnover. It was excellent. All their desserts are good, but hey make the best Crème Brûlée. It's always interesting having a conversation with Chef Walter Staib.Classic and historical and a great spot to catch a drink while on your trek around Independence Park.
Definitely get the ale sampler!!We found this restaurant while taking a walk during our visit to Philadelphia. It has rich history, and even though it is not the original building (rebuilt in the original style in 1975), it still had a really nice antique-feel to it. The building is quite large with several levels.
The moment we walked in, we saw the staffs dressed in the 18th century attire. I saw on their website about this, but it is so cool to actually see them.
The room we were taken to had a nice, old-fashion dining room feel to it. high ceiling, fire place, wooden structure and large windows. The room was nice and bright with natural light flooding in from the windows.
The water was served in the pewter silver goblet, which was really cool. It made the water taste somehow extra tasty. Our server was very informative, explained their menu and offerings really well.
I ordered their popular Hot Cider. You can have it hot or cold, with or without Rum/Brandy/Whiskey. It was served warm-to-hot, it certainly warmed me up from the inside. Very comforting and tasty.
Here, you can experience authentic 18th century American food. Their dishes are made fresh daily from scratch with local ingredients. First, we received complimentary bread platter, which was also served on pewter plate. It had assortment of colonial breads, awesome!
We ordered Fried Tofu, Pork Chop "Apple-Wood Smoked" and Creme Brûlée. The main dishes were huge, especially the pork chop. The pork chop was the biggest hit, perfectly cooked and super tasty. We enjoyed everything though.
Our server was polite and efficient, she checked on our table often to make sure we are well taken care of, and we have water in our cups. She was friendly without being too friendly. The food takes a bit to come out, but you get very good quality food, so it is totally worth the wait. If you are in the Philly area and enjoys food and history, don't miss this lovely and delicious spot!Really had a fun time here with the family recently, for a weekday lunch. It's authentic without being hokey. The food was terrific, and the service was steady. It's a lovely setting, and good for the kids, if they are behaved. One appetizer, 5 entrees, a couple of desserts, and a few drinks came to $170. That includes a six pack of the colonial era recipe beers, to go. Well worth the experience.Excellent food and fun colonial concept! The atmosphere was warm and inviting and the harpist was the cherry on top! I really loved that the food is period appropriate, but yet actually was yummy!
I highly recommend the pepper pot soup and the colonial pot pie. Excellent! I was surprised by how yummy the sweet potato and pecan biscuits were which come standard in the bread platter. 
As for the service. Terrible. We counted 4 tables in the entire place with patrons so it was relatively empty. When we arrived we waited 13 minutes until my boyfriend got on foot to go and track someone down to start the ordering process. And she didn't apologize--What? Then she just asked what our order was without taking our drink order first--What? It took and average of 8 minutes for her to return with our pop refills--Really? Ridiculous. We decided not to get dessert because it probably would have taken 30 minutes. I'm chalking it up to her just having a bad day and I'm assuming the rest of the waitstaff is terrific. 
The only reason why they aren't 5 stars is due to the service. Oy vey!Visited on July 4 weekend, so the restaurant was very busy.  Our server was delightful, but it was pretty clear that the kitchen was behind.  I ordered the venison medallions.  The dish was flavorful, but contained only three small pieces of venison.  Venison is very easy to overcook and mine were a bit dry.  My companion ordered the braised rabbit.  It was well cooked, but was served over a bed of noodles that were not seasoned at all.  On the whole, what should have been a highlight of our trip was disappointing.Had lunch there with a dear friend during restaurant week. 
Food: I had onion soup as appetizer, sausage as entree. The onion soup is suitable for cold winter but bit salty to me. Sausage is okay. Maybe I'll try their signature soup next time. Four stars. 
Service: the service is great! The waiter is so helpful and professional. Love his outfits XD
Atmosphere: brought me back to the age of "gone with winds" (though they might on the opposite side of history). Great place to be if you are visiting Philly. 
The beer samples are gold. Brewed from founding fathers recipes and they have different flavors. Must try.Great meal. Our visit to Philadelphia was completed with this restaurant. City tavern exemplifies the epoch of the American Revolution with its dishes mirroring those served during the time. Our server Greg was well versed on the history and its was truly a delicious and informative meal. Finally we even met Chef Walter Staib!  What else can you ask for?the atmosphere was great and fit perfectly with Thanks Giving, Our table was ready when we arrived. The Appetizer was "OK" at best it arrived cold and was more tot he standard of an inexpensive banquet and not a $85 per person dinner. The salad was good not too wet, but nothing special. The Main course was very very good, the turkey was moist, the mashed potatoes were good, as were the sweet potatoes. I enjoyed the stuffing, my wife didn't care for it. The gravy was very good. The portion were generous. The deserts were just OK, really didn't care for my cobbler and for a Diabetic not to care for a sweet is saying something. The bread pudding my wife ordered read great but left all its potential in the description because the taste did not make it to the plate. The Service and atmosphere exceeding my expectations the food did not even come close to my expectations and that is after making adjustments downward for thanksgiving. I think Chef Walter is better at TV appearances and Cook books then actual execution. We had a great thanksgiving because we were together and not because of the food. Last year we had a much better dinner at Smithville Inn for less then 1/2 the price at only 38 per person. 
So if you are looking for somewhere to go next thanks giving I would suggest you pass by City TavernSample ale flight a fun indulgence.  Mushroom Toast a yummy starter. Rich and buttery. Generous Roquefort salad, not shy with the Roquefort. Popular and tasty turkey pot pie. Wonderful comfort food. Brook Trout well rounded with veggies and grains. Authentic not touristy feel. High quality food. Benjamin, our server, was gracious and attentive. Recommend!  Would definitely return.Love this place!  Never ate here but we come here for drinks and their specialty beers.  Nice, cozy, and historic.  It's great after a day of strolling around Old City.I took my girlfriend here for a date several weeks ago.  I'm not going to touch upon the ambiance, which is very good, but on the quality of the food and the service.
It was our first time at City Tavern, so we asked the waiter what he recommends.  He told us the medallions of venison and roasted duck.  Taking his advice, my gf ordered the venison medallions while i opted for the roasted duck.  We also ordered the West Indies pepper pot soup, which we agreed was good, but not great.  I doubt I will order the soup again or I may try a different type.  The only other soups on the menu that evening was black bean soup and turkey noodle soup.
After the waiter took our orders, he brought us homemade bread which tasted pretty good, although not best I've had.  I always try not to fill up the bread, but they certainly do give you enough to call it an appetizer!
Next came the entrees.  They were both amazing, although I wouldn't personally order the venison medallions.  I was tempting to try the tavern lobster pie, but the price (over $40) pulled me into the roasted duck.  I hardly even have roasted duck so I'm not certainly how it's supposed to be cooked, glazed, etc. but this surely tasted very good.  It was extremely filing and had a great taste to it.  My only recommendations for it is to try it but only eat soup or a small piece of the bread before.  Our entrees also came with herb barley, which was in large portion and very good.
Service was excellent and we will return.  The only negative I see are the prices (entrees $18-45, soup $7.50)We had a party of 7 for New Year's at City Tavern, and enjoyed everything about the experience. Our server, Sierra, shared the right amount of background and information about the restaurant, the chef and the food, and made the evening great. Everyone in the party tried something different and all was really good. Why go anywhere else when you're in historic Philadelphia?Cute area, very atmospheric!
Amazing staff who are very passionate about what they do!
The food was good, and the experience was very welcoming, unique, and comfortable!
Colonial atmosphere is very well displayed, and I highly recommend for history fans!I'm told this is a tourist trap, and the interesting costumes (I mean uniforms?) of the waitstaff does nothing to dilute that impression.
However, it does have a small group of regulars, one of whom I was visiting so I was able to look past the tourist facade and enjoy what was one of the best meals I've had in town.
My steak and shrimp was insanely huge - and delicious.  Good beer.  Good breads, too.  Oh, and good everything.
Check downstairs -- there's often live music down there to compensate for (or take your mind off) the fact that you're eating in the basement :-)
I'll name drop Sarah here, too.  Absolutely excellent service, that merits recognition.Incredible! LOVED this place! Everything about it. From the minute we walked in the door, during our dine in time and leaving was an amazing experience. First, we were greeted by 2 women who were so friendly. They went over the top to make us feel welcomed. Our server, Rafael, was so nice. He explained all the specials to us, recommended drinks and apps. He was so good to us. Also, the harp player was awesome. What great background music. Peaceful, relaxing. Exactly what we were looking for. We will definitely be dining here again.My family had a fantastic dinner with a history lesson  included.  The food was very good and our server Dan was great.  He entertained my children with stories from the colonial time and even brought our bonnets for them to wear during the meal.  He made our first night in Philky a memory my kids will have forever. Thank you!First stop of our long weekend in Philly.  Based on the other reviews, we were more interested in checking out the ambiance rather than eating dinner there.  From the moment we walked through the door we were impressed.
Great for reminding yourself of the history of Philly.  We enjoyed a flight of beers (TJ's is definitely the best), a shrub martini (good) and crabcakes (excellent).  We were seated outside in the backyard and ate at a bench--nice but not as intimate as inside.  But it gave us a great view of the building and we now know that the BEST place to eat here, weather permitting, is the 2nd floor porch/balcony.It's a cool little place... Had the duck and it was just mediocre.  Would not recommend if looking for the tastiest meal in townWould you want to see your pet served on a plate? I am a rabbit owner and I was very offended by the fact that they had a rabbit on the menu. Not only did it ruin my lunch, but it also ruined my whole day. What's next? Dogs and cats?Went here for the price fix menu in Thanksgiving 2013. Worst restaurant choice ever.
The meal for the two of us was over $100. The food was luke-warm or cold. Obviously sitting under a heat lamp for a long time. We ordered beers when we were seated, and within minutes food was brought out. Before drinks. 
They simply book way too many people for the holiday. It was simply about turing over tables and taking your money. They weren't allowing you to enjoy the company of the people you were with. We were given our check before we finished our first drink, and never asked if we wanted another.
Overall, the food was cold and mediocre. The experience was expensive, and not at all fun. Maybe it's ok when it's not a holiday. But I'll never know. Never going back.Lovely place for tourists, and amazing food!! I always love a good dinner and a dining experience at the same time. The bread basket is also very cool (old recipes), try the pecan/sweet potato biscuitsBring you history books kids... THERE WILL BE A TEST !!   
Okay it's a taste test...
This is the BEST place to experience dining in old town Philadelphia.
We spent 2 days in Philly... and we were amazed by this place.  The people are very nice and are dressed in old style clothing.... and that adds to the experience.  The decor is straight out of the 1800s...so much fun.
The food was fantastic.  We split the $ 35 steak and shrimp and a $7 garden salad.  Plenty of food for two.  The meat was likely a 12 ounce cut... really huge.. the mashed taters were great.... BEER -- oh yah... get a beer... they run $ 7 but talk to the server about them and choose the "most distinctive" tasting... I asked for that and got a real good home brew !
Cannot go wrong... it's not a cheap price place... but well worth it !I only went here for the historic beer flight. Ever wanted to taste Ben Franklin's beer? If yes then this is the place for you. Yes you can try the founding father's beer recipes. Now those beers aren't the best I have ever had but its about the history. It is a fun atmosphere and surely to be tried if you are a fan of beer and history. I liked this place and want to try to go here for dinner. It is great that people managed to preserve this piece of history.Yes it is touristy and the costumes are silly, but you are in historic Philadelphia. Flight of colonial beers is good. OK wine list. They have a German wine with a raised monkey on the bottle. I kept the bottle.  
Soup was good and the turkey pot pie huge and tasty.  All dishes were solid with our large group.Went to City Tavern last night for dinner with GF. This had been on our to-do list for a while. Part of me feared that it would be a tourist trap with crappy, overpriced food. The food and service turned out to exceed expectations. 
We had 6:30 reservations, and were promptly seated and attended to. Our waitress, Sarah, was terrific. She was pleasant, knowledgeable, and personable. My girlfriend got the special, which was crab claws, scallops, and shrimp over linguini with garlic, basil, and tomatoes. She was very pleased, and said if she had anything negative to say about it it would be that it could have been served hotter. 
I inquired about the lobster pot pie's price. Sarah told me $42 and I hesitated. She assured it me it was all that. I was reluctant because I visualized a few measly pieces of lobster in a bunch of cream sauce. She assured me there was plenty of lobster, so I tried it.  It was well worth it. It was very rich and flavorful with lots of tender lobster pieces. It was a great dish. I only could eat half, so it was nicely portioned too. If you figure getting two meals out of it, it comes to $21 a meal. 
Also, they serve you a nice bread plate with dinner. It comes with a variety of homemade breads that are all very tasty.
Overall, a great meal and I would definitely come back.The thing is, I like historic taverns, but this isn't the original building, so if you are fine with them putting on a show, then that's fine. But it is a building from 1975, so that takes away from some specialness to me.
Anyway, we came in the back entrance, and it does seem like a house with a nice little garden area. We walked in without a reservation and were sat upstairs. We got a nice view out the window, but the area seemed to be bereft of service for a while.
The entrees are on the more expensive side, probably more under the guise of "the experience" then "really high quality food." I had the duck and vegetables, and while I thought it was pretty good, ~$30 was a little steep for it. They serve water in metal chalices which was cool and there were 3 types of bread, so it was nice to try the variety.
We tried Martha Washington's mousse cake, which is where it dawned on me a small slice of cake for $8 was upcharged because of putting a historic name on it. Maybe she mad something like it. But it was a pretty basic mousse.
Then the waiter mentioned the chef's book was available and a free DVD of the chef and other merchandise that cemented this is a tourist trap. If you ARE a tourist and immersing yourself in Old Town, it's worth the environment once. I have my doubts any local has visited here more than once.We came here for my fathers birthday after a day at the revolutionary war museum. The staff is all dressed in period uniforms. The history and the stories associated with the food took things to the next level. The staff was knowledgeable we had a great time with our server. The soups were amazing absolutely amazing. The bread and biscuits were awesome and the food was great! The only knock was that my crab cake that tasted awesome came with fries. The crab cake deserved better! We loved this place.This is a historic tavern from the Ben Franklin years, located in Old City. All of the staff is dressed in period garb, which I wasn't expecting. They have 4 signature beers, all brewed by Yards Brewing. The staff was really helpful in explaining the differences between each beer. There's lots of history in this building and we had a great time. It's a total tourist trap, but in the best way.One of my favorite restaurants.  If you like history and good food, it's the place to go. Chef Walter Staib makes the best Sauerkraut. It's the only place where I actually like to eat Sauerkraut.  It's a unique dinning experience.Always a great meal at the historic City Tavern. Love their completely "founding father's breads". Love the Turkey Pot Pie! Yards Founding Fathers Ales are a must, as well.I thought this place was so fun - call me a geek, but I was so into the colonial theme! The staff are all dressed in colonial-stlye outfits, and the dishes are colonial-inspired. The dishes are pretty and mugs are pewter. The flight of beers was so cool - made from the founding fathers' own recipes, which are on file in the national archives. I had the turkey pot pie, which was so delicious and filling, along with Martha Washington's recipe for a fruity cocktail. It really puts you in the mood for a fun historical tour of Philadelphia.This is a place you go for the ambiance more than the food. Staff dresses from the revolutionary period. It's old and it's fun. Menu is from the period as well, with a large selection of interesting beers including a tasting assortment that you can order. I had the Wiener schnitzel because that's the kind of food you feel like you should eat in this building. It was good, nothing special. Salad  with shrimp was fresh but pricey.Experience history through food!  Get greeted and served by folks dressed colonial style.  Drink from goblets, not glass.  That's what you'll get at City Tavern.  John Adams and Paul Revere had been here before.
I tried the beef pie for lunch here - twice cooked beef in a flaky puff pastry.  Not bad!  I didn't care too much for the sweet and sour cabbage that came with it though.  The best part of the meal was the soup - chunks of savory beef and noodles.  Very hearty!
This is a must-see spot for tourists in Philly!Come here for a sample flight of Ales of the Revolution, if nothing else! My husband and I visited this restaurant on the recommendation of a friend after we went to the new Museum of the American Revolution - a perfect day. The service was excellent and the beer was delicious. We split an order of the crab cakes and didn't eat a meal because we weren't very hungry... which was unfortunate, but I suppose it just means we'll have to make a return trip the next time we're in Philly.Recently had lunch at the Tavern, the staff excellent, the atmosphere incredible, the food was even better. We had crab cakes, beef medallion and was fresh and perfect. If your going sightseeing or on a business trip this place can not be beaten.This dining experience was an excellent send off for two very good friends in our group. From our arrival  to our exit  we were treated with the best of service.Let's start with our server. Not only did she have a vast knowledge of each meal she also told us stories about the history of the building. My soup was great.My rabbit dish was plentiful and seasoned  to perfection, with loads of noodles and vegetables in a nice thick brown gravy.Good thing I wore the pants I did.Dessert was outstanding .If you love chocolate like I do order their cake.I actually had to split it  with one of my dining  partners.Did I tell you about my mulled apple cider? On a cold night  these old bones were warmed nicely. As we were leaving the other server escorted us out  amusing  us with more tales.I will be back for lunch. Check out the glass case as you exit. Work well done deserves many  awards and more .Was touring the historical sites and needed a bite to eat.  This place was a perfect find!  Only a few blocks from the major historical sites, it's another historic site in itself.  The server was attentive and friendly, and made great recommendations both for beer and meals.  The entire staff was dressed in period attire, and were great for the entire meal.  The beer list was amazing - recipes from the founding fathers, recreated and well-matched with the food.  Overall a great experience!Enjoying this beautiful restaurant in Old City Philadelphia has become a family tradition for our family. There are gluten free options and a wonderful variety of colonial dishes. Yards ales are available as a flight, using traditional founding fathers recipes.Very cool place! I got a New York Strip and jumbo shrimp, and both were quite amazing. I recommend the shrmip w/ bbq sauce for an appetizer, the sauce is awesome. We had our almost-2 year old with us and they were very accommodating - great attentive service all around. The vibe of the place is cool, very low light (have your iphone flashlight ready to see the menu) and colonial.Walked by several times as it is in a tourist spot but finally ate lunch with family. Great place, wonderful authentic food. Will go again next trip into the Independence Mall area.Would I stop in every Saturday for drinks here if I lived here? Probably not. But i would definitely take any friends or family who are visiting me IF I lived in Philly. What a fun spot! My boyfriend dragged me around through museums and historical monuments and I was so happy to find this place to take a break. I really enjoyed sampling colonial beers but the cocktails were great as well! a Philly must!I came to this place with great expectations and left amazed .
The decor, the colonial ambiance and service was awesome but what blew me away mostly was the food starting with the freshly baked old world bread to the dessert. 
We were hungry from all the walking that morning so We had  the corn chowder, West Indies pepper pot soup, roasted duckling and beef turnover pie which were all so flavorful and hearty. To drown all that down we tried their libations, both the  apple cider and shrubs , of course spiked! 
We had a complimentary dessert for showing our hotel room key , and we chose to have creme brûlée which was very soothing to the palate. 
If food was this good during our fore fathers' time, I'm finding a time machine to transport me back . Or I'll just come back to this place .Fantastic sampler flight of Ales of the Revolution! Def a must try. Enjoyed the ambiance, and the good conversation with "Ben Franklin." Looking forward to trying dinner  here.