Descent cheese steak, was able to use delivery although delivery was pretty high at $5 through yelp.  After delivery, tip, tax a $12.71 cheesesteak (the block) was $22.65 the thing that really ticked me off was that I was charged an extra $1.50 for extra cheese that I didn't authorize.
I recommend the block, but the sharp provolone was too much...go american cheese or get whiz instead.This was amazing!!! The sandwich did not at all disappoint. A family of 4 can rack up a pretty hefty bill, so there are a few things you can do to save. 
1) A sandwich is BIG. If my husband and I could have agreed on one sandwich, we could have split it and been satisfied. I didn't really feel hungry the rest of the day because I ate the entire sandwich. 
2) We ordered chicken fingers  for the kids (ages 8&5). They could have split an order. 
3) Skip the great beer selection. I know, that one's hard! 
Most seating is upstairs, but we got to watch the Phillies game while we ate, because they have two large flatscreens.Great spot to get wraps and sammyches. Very clean and kind staff. Prices are ok. Great selection of brewskis.Visiting Phili and wanted a cheesesteak.  Since this place had great reviews we thought we'd give it a try....mistake.  I've had better cheesesteaks in the mall in California!!!  Way expensive and servers were rude.  Highly doNOT recommend this place.Great cheesesteak and cheese fries. The quality of meat is really good, the restaurant is clean. It's a good spot for a sit down meal without breaking the bankSo good!  The service was great, guys at the counter were super patient with me taking forever to order!  The food was deeeeelish!  Definitely looking forward to going back!Based on Yelp reviews I decided to try this place while in Philly for work.  I don't eat beef so I got a grilled chicken cheesesteak with provolone, fried onions, cherry pepper relish and mayo.  It was huge.  Only one size and price is ok, I did build your own and even had to pay for the mayo.  I got fries too, they're waffle fries and they give you a generous portion.  The to go bag was stapled and while they included ketchup packets (I didn't ask for them) there was no salt and the fries really needed salt.  I got a side of siracha aoli so dipped my fries in that, thank goodness because I wouldn't have eaten them plain with no salt.  They have the coke machine with all the choices which is nice.  They have a huge beer selection and boozy shakes too - I didn't try them.  I'd go again.  Enjoy!!Walked in here and was pleasantly surprised. Excellent sandwiches and fries and a friendly wait staff. And a cool place to sit and have a drink!!Best Philly Cheesesteak joint.  Tried Princes, Geno's and Cleavers.  Cleavers wins by a mile!  The shakes are thick and steak is perfection!I walk past this place all the time but finally decided to check it out today. We got the garlic parm fries which were crispy and delicious! My boyfriend also got a chicken sandwich... large portions were definitely appreciated. Will be going back for a milkshake.Co-workers were doing a group order from here, so I got in on the action. I tried their steak sandwich - the cool thing is you can customize it hundreds of different ways. I got mine with bbq sauce and mild provolone. Loved it. The sandwich itself was huge, I couldn't begin to eat it all, half was perfect (other half for later)!  Everyone loved their sandwich. Next time, I'll order it with double meat.Been here a few times now and they never disappoint. Always go with the cheesesteak roll with cheddar cheese sauce covered waffle fries which are killer. Can never finish both so always split the fries. The cheesesteak is very similar to Jon's Roast Pork in S. Philly. Highly recommend.I visited Philadelphia for the day to look for the best cheesesteak in town. I found it. 5 stars forsure. If you're looking for the best in town..here it is!!Soggy Philly cheesesteak. Tasteless. Beef was precooked and out of the fridge as were the green peppers. Not worth it.Tried a number of Philly Cheese Steak Sandwiches around town. Ordered the sandwiches first meat only. This was to taste the ribeye without any dressing for its flavor of natural juice and texture. Then each time adding different cheeses and other extra dressings.
Following three days of indulging myself in Philly Cheese Steak Sandwiches...Cleavers maintained a moist ribeye steak taste regardless of any dressing added to the sandwich.
For an excellent Philly Cheese Steak Sandwich dressed down or dressed up it is CLEAVERS. 
FIVE STARS AND THUMBS UPThe management called me to apologize personally. It was mainly the delivery guy's fault. This was a great customer service experience!What I can only describe as heaven on earth... I was recommended this establishment, the hotel staff. And he described as this unbelievable holly grail that, was one of the best kept secrets. I'll just start by saying that the staff is super friendly!! The menu on the board is directly to the point.  Once you order...you can see how it's made..all fresh ingredients.  They offer a vast variety of drinks including the local brew. I'd love for you to take my word for it...but you must try it for yourself!! Two thumbs up from me!!Staying around the corner for a business trip. Been here twice in three days and didn't disappoint either time! The cheesesteaks are awesome and the portions are huge!Pretty good cheese steak place. The place has great offerings, hot sides, boozy milkshakes, in a good location. 
Went here about fifteen minutes before close to order a sandwich. Got a pretty normal cheese steak: American cheese, grilled onions, peppers, with a side of fries. 
It was pretty good, hits all the good classic flavors. It was big, but starting to fall apart so by the second half of the sandwich the hinge was soaked and broke apart. 
Fries were a bit lackluster, but it was end of day so I'm not surprised since quality tends to drop outside of peak hours. Also slightly on the more pricey side, but it's a popular area so to be expected and you get a lot of food.The staff was very friendly and nice regaurdless of the fact that they were getting ready to close. I ordered the buffalo chicken sandwhich which was very flavorful and tasty. I would easily reccomend this to anyone who is looking for a good sandwhich.Hands down the most amazing cheesesteaks everrrrr!!! #1 Rule when visiting Philly is to eat a Philly cheesesteak...and so I did...for breakfast lunch and dinner...and I brought home a cheese steak for each one of my beloved family members, that's how awesome the cheesesteaks are from this particular cheesesteak joint...try the original, try the barbeque, make your own...either way, their cheese steak meat is off the charts...cheesesteaks will never be the same again to me outside of philly, I'll definitely have to go back again...best cheesesteak I've ever eaten in my life!!!!Okay. I know it's generally considered fairly gross. And I'm not thrilled to admit this. But when it comes to a cheesesteak, I like it covered in mayo and lettuce. Ya know, a cheesesteak hoagie. Without onions. Never onions! Eek.
Fortunately Cleavers now exists to appease people like me. They have a crapton of interesting combos you don't generally see at the traditional spots around town. And if you don't eat steak, that's fine too. There's grilled chicken, chicken cutlet, salad, and vegetarian options.
I came here twice over the weekend -- first ordering the cheesesteak hoagie without onions or tomatoes, and second for the CBR chicken cutlet. I wasn't able to finish more than half of my sandwich either time.
Know that these things are huge, which makes them totally worth the price. You order at the counter and then, if eating in, you can head upstairs with your number. It doesn't take long for food to arrive.
I preferred the steak to the chicken sandwich. When I had the steak, the flavors were well-rounded and you could taste each ingredient with every bite. As for the chicken sandwich, I really could only taste...ranch dressing. The thing was drenched in it. Otherwise the chicken was tasty too (and the thick bacon!), but definitely a handful to eat with the dressing constantly flowing out. If I order it in the future, I'll definitely say light on the dressing.
Your (21+) order isn't complete here without a boozy milkshake. I chose the strawberry one, which I believe came with vodka mixed in. I'm not too keen on hard liquor, but you could hardly tell it even had anything in it! Seriously delicious.
They also have a bunch of beers, which should be a huge appeal too.
Service has been fair so far. The first time they doted on my friend who was a return customer and then blankly stared at me, but whatever. They'll just have to get to know me too, because I'm nowhere near done exploring their menu!The review is for my experience at Cleavers and not the food alone. Home to one of the best cheese steaks I have had in my life and I highly recommend the waffle fries as the side of choice. The vegetarian food is a bit disappointing, a bland and carelessly prepared. Had trouble finding space to sit initially, made harder by the unhelpful staff. The overall experience was tarnished by the unfriendly demeanor of the others who where eating there. I guess Cleavers is where the grumpy folk hang out. In short, the food was good, but the overall experience wasn't a great one.The cheesesteak was amazing, service was great and seating area was nice. You get what you paid for and the quantities are big which is a plus! Great place to try cheesesteak in Philly!Loved it! In town for a wedding and needed a quick place to eat. Great prices for great food! The portions were very considerable, too.Nice restaurant. Steak sandwich was delicious!! Great serviceYou can't go wrong with anything you get from here with one exception: if you order the effin hot make sure you do not get it on a wrap. I made this  mistake one night and it was a disaster. I couldn't taste anything because of how spicy it was. I got it on bread the following time and it was great, the bread helps soak up some of the heat and distributes it evenly. 
Whether delivery or in house, sandwiches are made as ordered, hot, and delicious. Oh, & be sure to try their white cheese sauce!Philly cheesesteak sandwiches was great, very fresh and tasty. The cheese pastry patties was great and the fries were nice and crispy, will definitely go back.Nice concept with the sandwich/cheesesteak and beer selection setup.  Unfortunately cheesesteak did not measure up all that well against Philly's better cheesesteak options.We were in the city for a day and ran into Cleaver's. We were in the mood for some cheesesteak (why not?) and this place hit the spot! Sure, it could be a bit pricey, but for the price.. It sure is delicious! Love the decor and the seating area upstairs. We went while they weren't as busy and the food came out quick. Will definitely keep this page and would recommend it to anyone looking for a good cheesesteak place in Philly!Decided to skip the long lines at the well known Pat or Genos and gave this place a try for philly cheese steaks while visiting Philly. Thoroughly satisfied with The Block cheesesteak I got. It had ribeye steak, provolone, mushroom, onion  and bell pepper. Everything about the sandwich was amazing. The cheese is all melted in with the meat and the bread was nice and soft. After reading yelp reviews about how bad the meat quality is at Pat or Genos I'm so glad we ate at this fantastic place.my first cheesesteak ever! soooo good! yah, it's fancy cheesesteaks but whatever! they're delicious. and their portions are huge! 
they just opened and my boss tried them for lunch today. she enjoyed it so a coworker and i decided to stop by after work to pick up dinner. the interior is cute and the staff was friendly. i ended up ordering the effin hot steak because i enjoy spicy stuff and a side order of their sweet potato fries...yahhhh nom nom nom 
they also have a good selection of beers you can enjoy there or take out! ballast point, goose island, kona, lagunitas, guinness...those are all i can remember but they have a good variety. 
the only thing i would fix maybe, i ordered my food to-go so when i got home, my sweet potato fries were a little soggy. i still ate them though. also, because their portions are large, it was awkward carrying the food all the way home. i would have appreciated a better carry-out bag. 
anyways, i will def be stopping in to this place again!Excellent classic Philly cheesesteak and many other menu options in that genre including chicken mixes. Incredible beer prices and variety! Kids loved the milkshakes. Great location, awesome value! Super clean, very friendly staff.This place is amazing.  Friendly staff, clean as a whistle, plenty of seating, huge delicious portions.
It's basically a cheesesteak joint that is fully customizable.  Think chipotle but for cheesesteaks.  Tons of toppings, cheeses, etc.  Almost too many options!
I had the ranch bacon chicken.  Son had the bacon BBQ steak.  Husband had one of the vegetarian options.  
He didn't live the veggie option but he blames himself.  He mixed a few too many veggies and cheese.  That's his fault!
I loved mine and so did our son.
Took half of each sandwich home and shad with friends who devoured it.
Waffle fries were yummy too!
Like I said - super patient, friendly and clean.  Plenty of seating on second floor.Amazing Cheesesteaks! Best food in Philly. Huge portions not too pricy either. 10/10 would come back. Husband is now addicted to themBEST CHEESESTEAKS IN PHILLY
don't waste time and money at pays or genos
Cleavers loads their rolls with meat and cheese. Good service, clean and they sell beer. 
Get the seeded roll and ask to have it scooped for a better meat to bread ratio.We drove by and decided to try cheesesteaks here. I originally was planning to go to Geno's or Pat's again but was turned off by the decline in ratings over the years. We ordered two cheesesteaks (one with cheez whiz and one with provolone). We also ordered waffle fries with white cheddar and chicken fingers for the kids. Surprisingly I was more satisfied with the chicken fingers than the cheesesteaks. I was turned off by having to pay 60 cents to get banana peppers on the side whereas it would have been free if I added it to the cheesesteak. Don't get me wrong, they were good but it didn't wow me the way Geno's and Pat's did. Maybe I will have to go back to one of those and just deal with the poor service.Oh man. This place. PRAISE HANDS EMOJI. Let's start with their fries- heavenly. They have the perfect crunch for waffle fries- there was not a soggy fry in my order! I've ordered the garlic Parmesan fries here and also the waffle fries with cheese sauce... oh wow. Highly recommend BOTH! 
My husband and I split a cheesesteak, nothing fancy, just the cheesesteak with American and fried onions. It was pretty. freaking. great. The meat had a little bit of a kick to it (my husband didn't like that as much as I did), and the bread is like the epitome of what cheesesteak bread should be. The portion is HUGE. We split 1 cheesesteak and cheese fries and I was STUFFED. If you're not starving, plan to save some for later or share. 
I want to try everything on their menu, but I don't know how I'm going to stay away from that cheesesteak.If you are looking for authentic Philly Cheese Steak this is not the place!  They serve the same kind of cheese steak you can get in any city in the country.  Think in terms if Subway, Jersey Mike's, Jimmy Johns, Lenny's or any other franchise sandwich shop and you have Cleavers I was extremely disappointed as Yelp showed this to be the #1 rated  Cheese Steak Shop in the vicinity of our B&B.  The meat on my sandwich was dry and under seasoned.  There was very little cheese on the sandwich and I the bread tasted like it came off the day old rake at Kroger's.  I've had Pat's, Geno's, Rick's and Tony Luca's and all are 100 times better that Cleavers!Do yourself a favor and go some place else.First time to Philly and so we had to have a cheesesteak!  Well, it wasn't authentic as one in our group was a vegetarian and the other two do not eat red meat, so we had two chicken cheesesteaks and one portobello mushroom.  I can hear the resounding groans from the purists, and I have to agree.  I never realized how Californian I was until I was on the East Coast.  
Our travel companion loved her portobello mushroom and us two cheesechicken eaters were just Meh about our sandwich.  I didn't find it very flavorful.  But, when in Rome...........Service was amazing, food came out very quick.  Just was not a very big fan of their standard cheesesteak.  Seemed quite dry and the bread was a little harder than expected.  Might give them another try sometime but with so many other great options I felt this one left me a little short.I got the Cleaver. It was really good and huge! There's a really good selection of food. They even have a good selection of craft beer!AMAZING!!!! That's literally describes it...was done just right with the amount of cheese, meat and softness of the roll! Would definitely recommendWent here for the first time yesterday and I must say, they make a really good cheese steak.  There's lots of selections and variations certain to please everyone even vegetarians.  I will definitely be returning!I ordered food last week and walked in to a large bald heavyset employee screaming at a an older customer standing there silently with a shocked look on his face. I wasn't there from the beginning so I don't know what happened to lead up to this, but from what I could gather it had something to do with the customer asking for fewer pickles on his sandwich. Regardless of what the situation was, there is no absolutely no reason for an employee to be screaming at a customer the way this employee was berating this man, but the fact that it was over pickles makes it even worse.
The food is pretty good here, but this isn't the first unpleasant experience I've had with the employees there, and there is enough good food in the area to keep me from eating there again until they are able to hire some employee with basic manners.I am in the process of polishing off my first ever Cleavers cheesesteak. I wanted to try the "effin hot" but in the end I chose to be a bit more minimalist and opted for a ribeye steak on a seeded roll with mild provolone cheese and long hots. All of the ingredients clearly were fresh and of a high quality. I also appreciated that they put the cheese on the bottom to act as a moisture barrier to protect the soft roll, as mine was a to-go order. Verdict: My sandwich was fantastic and someone really is going to have to beat me away with a stick so I don't eat at Cleavers for dinner every night of the week. I can't wait to come back to try the effin hot.Came to Philadelphia with my family and stayed in Center City where we parked our car for the weekend and leveraged public transportation to the zoo and aquarium.  I had to have a cheesesteak so I searched for places in my vicinity and came across Cleavers.  It wasn't one of the "staples" but the reviews looked good.  I was happy with the choice and as you can see in the picture the cheesesteak was huge and tasted great!  I would come back here again.Located in Center City on 18th this is a good spot for a big sandwich. My lady and I split The Block and enjoyed every bite. The bread was just right for a sandwich, not too crispy not too chewy. The beef flavorful and not greasy, but the provolone took it away. 
The decor is clean making for little atmosphere so just plan to drop in for a good meal and dip out.
They have an impressive selection of bottled beers that I feel I should mention. Also we came in a little after 11am on a Saturday and there was no wait whatsoever.this place was solid - really good cheesesteak and a root beer float with real ice cream, which is the way to my heart, really.  Cheesesteak was huge!
my ONLY complaint is that my bun (whiz wit, if you're keeping track) got pretty soggy by the time it made it upstairs which meant that half the meat fell out when I picked it up.  But it's a minor one, and I still managed to get a good deal of meat in my face.So good. Visiting the city and had to get a cheesesteak before leaving, and this is definitely the place for it. A little more expensive than most sandwich shops, but you really get what you pay for.After countless recommendations to either Pat's, Jim's or Geno's, we opt to the less mentioned and suggested cheesesteak joint in downtown Philly. We found this place on yelp, it was just blocks from our hotel and decided to give it a try...we were definitely not disappointed! Ordered The Block and the Effin Hot Steak..great portions, too much actually but not mad about that at all.. come before lunch rush!Best cheesesteak I have ever had. Love the fried mozzarella as well! Always a must go to when I'm in Philly.Solid Spot for a Cheese steak in Downtown Philly. If you don't want to wait in super long lines or have to Uber/Drive to a different part of time for (Pats, Geno's and Jim's) Cleavers is the way to go. 
Highlights:
- Fast casual place with plenty of seating upstairs which is great
- Lots of varieties of Cheese steaks available with all the cheeses (wiz, provolone, american etc)
- Most cheese steaks are $9-$11 which is fair since it's pretty big
- Service was friendly and quick
- Large beer menu and Coke Magic Machine
Overall, if you are looking pop in to get a solid cheese steak, this is a great option for lunch, afternoon snack etc.This place was recommended to me by a co-worker as they raved about the Philly Cheese Steaks here and I have to say they aren't good (as Tony the Tiger says) they're GREAT.Pretty decent cheesesteaks! The only thing I didn't like was that I felt it was kind of dry, but the first time I had gone, it wasnt an issue at all--might have just been an off night. Overall, clean place and good food! I was surprised at their beer selection as well!Thank goodness for Yelp! The "guy" at the hotel front desk recommended Steve's Prince of Steak. The pictures and reviews were not-all-that-great  and I wanted to have an out-of-this-world Philly Cheesesteak experience.
Cleavers made me one happy lady! Walked up to place my order and asked for the "Philly Cheesesteak" experience. The cashier said "say no more" and ordered the cheesesteak on seeded bread with cheese wiz and fried onions. He also suggested the waffle fries with white cheddar- which I went with-duh! And within 5 minutes I had the best tasting, savory, and juicy cheesesteak ever. Seriously will be craving this place in SF....
The seating area upstairs is super hip, urban and spacious. There No Bull here, just fresh beef! 
Yum yum yum! Don't pass up on this place .The attitude of the servers at the counter are so bad and the flavor of the cheesetake is very plain.The best cheesesteak I've had! They always say you've never a cheesesteak until you've come to Philly. A friend and I came to Cleavers after Made in America and it was very good. The restaurant was clean, staff was friendly and informative. Didn't wait long after ordering but we did show up before they closed. If I ever come back to Philly I will make have to stop here to get another and will recommend to any friends and family when they go as well.When you're visiting from out of town and don't want to pay cab fare  to visit the iconic cheesesteak joints (that only have 2 and 3 stars) and Cleaver's (4 1/2 stars) is a short walk from your hotel- well it's an easy choice. And an excellent choice, too. 
I've been to the "King of Steaks" and wasn't terribly impressed. Cleaver's is impressive. Huge serving of steak, good, soft onions (could use a few more). Don't let the trendy vibe and youngsters working the grill fool you. They know what they're doing. 
Four stars - a great cheesesteak still can't beat a good roast pork sandwich.I wasn't sure about a cheesesteak out of South Philly, but DAM Cleavers did its thing... I broke tradition from the the regular wit onions and pro; decide to build my own... steak, wit onions, sharp pro and sautéed spinach ‼
Great place, Great service and GREAT food‼Love this place, wish I worked in the city, I would go here for lunch all the time!Best sandwich and steak fries ever... lots of food, my order was enough food for two, very generous portions. Can't hardly wait to take my family there.Best Philly Cheesesteak I've ever had. The black and white milkshake was also fantastic.  My arteries are probably angry, but my tastes buds and tummy....Oh so happy!Rittenhouse is a fantastic area of Philadelphia, but one thing it has been lacking are quality sandwich shops. Cleaver's is a pretty new shop right across the street from Di Bruno's in Rittenhouse. One thing that really caught my attention was that the place was absolutely spotless! I have rarely seen any restaurant so clean. They have a great beer selection, but just a heads up, it's all bottles, no taps. Also, they are way cheaper than Foodery which is always a plus. The food is fantastic! Definitely a fan!This place was amazing! I found it on yelp when I got to town and it was within walking distance of Rittenhouse Square. I got the Effin Hot and it was sooo good! I actually visited this place once more before I left. The sandwich was huge and a great deal for the price. If you're in this area I totally recommend this place. If I'm ever back in this area I know I'll be back!I loooovvvvvveeee a good cheesesteak! The selections were great and the fries were delicious! I almost order the 'effin hot steak', it has been he perfect amount of hot with a perfect amount of steak! Would come here everyday if I can!As a cheesesteak guy....take it from me...check this place out now!
Lots of great selections of beers and really friendly people!
I hope this place continues to succeed!Not a great experience at all. Not helpful through the process. I just want a great cheesesteak. The amount of cheese was poor. At first I questioned to myself and checked the receipt to make sure I ordered my steak with cheese. Will not go back.This was our first time in Philadelphia.  An employee at the Westin recommended Cleaver's.  I have to say, Cleaver's did not disappoint.  We ordered the Cleaver and added onions.  It was delicious.  The meat had great flavor and tenderness, and  the cheese and onions made it perfect!  The employees were friendly and we were impressed with our whole dining experience.  Great atmosphere and great food!  If you are looking for a great cheesesteak go to Cleaver's!A make your own Philly cheesesteak! Nothing wrong w that! I must say I love everything about this joint! Great food and flavors, service, portions, and so many options for beverages, sandwiches, wraps etc. Definitely worth checking out!First off, I would like congratulate them on resisting spelling their name with a "k". A lady with a broom on the street that overheard us arguing about where to get sandwiches told us to go here. Yes, it was pricey for cheese steaks, but really there were several perks. My friends enjoyed their alcoholic floats. I was also  told to tell you that the garlic fries are very garlicky and linger for at least eight hours so maybe don't eat them on a date. The sweet potato waffle fries I got were completely unnecessary and unsalted and reminded me of Alexia brand from the superstore, but I liked that they accepted my desire for ketchup, mustard, bbq sauce and mayo without an eye blink. The fried pickles were very hot but also crunchy fun. The wall art as dedicated to Philly, but it was the most ironically generic cow I have seen in years. On the plus side there was ample seating upstairs with an industrial vibe and a spiral staircase that I assume led to a third level. There are worse places to eat, try and embrace the hipster vibe if you end up here.Good food. The waffle fries are excellent. Of course that's is Philly the cheesesteaks great. Service was pretty quick seating is located upstairs staff is friendly.This was a pretty awesome cheesesteak I must say. I am pretty loyal to Jim's or Tony Luke's but this was very good. It also didn't have a line or attitude which is always a plus in my book.
I came in for an early lunch so there were only a couple people there but it was quick and easy and I was greeted right away and handed a menu. I went with the basics to test their cheesesteak chops, cheesesteak, wiz wit (wiz and onions). They don't use amoroso rolls but, the bread was still solid. The sandwich was huge and plentiful, but being a glutton I also ordered waffle fries. Word to the wise, you can split an order of these with someone, it was a ton of food! The cheesesteak was very good and they didn't skimp on wiz at all which I love. I enjoyed it, so much I ate the whole thing. No way was I polishing off those fries though.
The place is clean, service friendly and food on point. I would definitely come back here for a basic cheesesteak and to probably try some of their other creations.It's definitely a Rittenhouse cheesesteak place. 
There's no metal awning or outdoor seating; there's a loft. The beer list is more extensive than some bars'. The cheesesteaks have names. THEY HAVE MILKSHAKES. 
They aren't bad things in any way. I like craft-y-ish beer. I like milkshakes. But it made the place more of a fast-casual restaurant than a cheesesteak joint. 
Preconceived notions aside, they made a great cheesesteak. I ordered the zinger (sharp/long hots) and a Lagunitas (because it's Rittenhouse). Honestly, it was really good. Like good enough to ignore the fact I was eating in a loft.When in the Rittenhouse area, I feel this place is a must. Love the steak. I get mine with whiz, mayo, onions, and hot pepper relish. Also, really love the loaded bacon cheese fries. Have visited around five times now and each time the quality and taste has been consistent. Staff is very friendly. Further, there is a large sitting area upstairs so it is easy to eat in and just relax in a comfortable environment. So glad I walked in to Cleaver's for the first time last year; like I said it is a staple on my visits to the Philly area.The good yelp scores drew me in here looking for a center city lunch spot.  Went to the counter and asked what they recommended and they stated that one of their hot steaks is a popular seller.  It's a cheesesteak with slices of cherry peppers, fried onion, American and a creamy sirachi Sauce.  You can pick between seeded or unseeded role.  Really a great steak which four stars, it's just really tough to crack the 5 star benchmark of Dellasndros.The best chicken cheesesteak I have ever had by far. I have never ever tasted such tender chicken, it literally melted in my mouth. The warm gooey cheese mixed with the mayo and then the amazing chicken and fried onions on such a fresh roll all i can say is wow. Freakin amazing ...I will be raving about this for months.. absolutely delicious..!!!If you're in the area, you HAVE to try this place. Just had "The Block" cheesesteak. It was packed with content. Cheese was melted to perfection. Loaded with delicious ribeye steak. Fairly priced with what you get in both quantity and quality. PLUS you can have a beer with your delicious food! Just go. You won't regret itCheesesteak hoagie was good, but really big. Should've shared with a friend. Same for the waffle fries. Next time I'll ask for a fork and knife - messy to eat.After spending almost 3 weeks in Philly, I FINALLY got around to trying a Cheesesteak! I know you have to leave Center City to find the most authentic cheesesteaks, but I just havent had the time. Popped into Cleavers for a quick lunch. I ordered the traditional cheesesteak, which had great flavor and the bread was to die for! My one complaint was that they put the cheese on the BOTTOM of the sandwich, and the bread gets soggy. By the time I got to the 2nd half, I had to basically eat it with a fork. But overall it was delicious, and I'll definitely be back!Update: A sign of a good business is one that cares about the customer's experience. After this review, I was contacted by the owner who asked more information and actually went out of his way to speak to the employee involved. I felt listened to and validated as well as appreciated. I will be sure to give them another go because of the quality of the owner and like I mentioned, everyone makes mistakes.First time in philly and, by chance, Cleavers was the closest cheesesteak place to me. It's a very nice looking place with good staff and fairly quick service. I went for their "The Block" and it was pretty tasty. I would prefer some kind of sauce with it (restaurant at home has a sauce that really elevates a cheesesteak) but in its true form definitely good and worth to try. I can definitely see myself coming back in my next visit to phillyUpon my fifth or sixth visit to Philadelphia and I had yet to get a Philly cheese steak. The idea of the sandwich just didn't really appeal to me. However, on my last visit I finally found myself with the urge to try one. I was drawn to Cleavers because of the boozy milkshakes and fried pickles; truth be told, I probably would have stopped in just for these alone. 
When we stopped in, the line was quite long, however it moved quickly. The staff seemed a bit impatient, but I attribute that to the people around us who seemed to not pay attention to the extremely large chalkboard menu leading up to the registers before they ordered. The two of us ordered a Philly cheesesteak to split as well as side of fried pickles, pizza fries and the Coconilla boozy milkshake. In typical fast-casual style, we paid up front and received a number for them to bring us our order when it was ready. There was ample seating in the loft and I appreciated that it was separate from the bustle of the line downstairs, however it was still very crowded and rowdy upstairs and the flow of customers seemed a bit discombobulated. 
The Philly was about what I expected; a heap of meat on some mediocre bread. I've had better sandwiches, but I think as far as Philly cheesesteaks go, if it's a sandwich you enjoy you won't be disappointed. The sides were a standout for both of us; the fried pickle spears were among the best I've had; the coating was nice and crunchy and the pickle didn't slide out as many fried pickle spears often do. The pizza fries were also delicious; a heap of sauce and cheese coating a pile of waffle fries. The fries held their crispiness despite all the toppings and did not get soggy as our meal progressed. The boozy milkshake was also a hit. It had a hint of coconut rum and was smooth and creamy, definitely worth the visit. Overall, I'm not sure this is a place I'd come back just for a cheesesteak, but I think it's worth stopping in if only because of the diversity in their menu options for those that may not be cheesesteak lovers.It was good, but I have definitely had better. The bread is fresh and the sandwich was tasty but there are far better options in Philly.Came here to try a famous Philly Cheesesteak during my one night stay in the city. I got an original with provolone and added onions and hot peppers. It was good, but the place didn't quite have that greasy, Philly Cheesesteak feel if you know what I mean. Would probably try another place next time I'm in the area!Visiting from Florida and wanted to try an authentic Philly cheese steak. Well I'm here to say forget about any other place as the Cleaver  on Chestnut Street is the Bomb!!!!!! Anyone traveling to Philadelphia must stop in and have a cheese steak and you can have it anyway you want it. The quality of the meat, cheese and condiment are 100 percent fresh. The staff and owner were all nice and pleasant. I will definitely be back and will recommend my friends to stop in at Cleaver  if they are in Philadelphia.One of the best steaks I've had in a long time downtown! The beef is fresh, rich in flavor and well sized. Reasonably priced as well!Cheesesteak is one of the best in the city. They also have a great selection of beer to choose from!Forget Pat's / Geno's / Jim's / Steve's / most other places, Cleavers has one of the top cheesesteaks in the city. Sure their menu is all encompassing and has some pretty unique options, but when you get down to it, their steak is one of the best. I've gotten to the point now where I'll go and mix it up and get the Papa's Favorite, or the Pizazz, maybe throw in some Waffle Fries for good measure. Oh and did I mention, they have almost a hundred bottles of beer behind the counter that you can buy and drink upstairs while eating (and watching a game on TV?) Make that 99 bottles.Soooo good! Not the cheapest option, but really yummy cheesesteaks. The milkshakes are awesome too.Had some great cheese steaks here , the bread was good, good amount of meat . You can choose from seeded or un seeded , we had the waffle fries with white cheese, it was ok , not great . And the fries cams after my sandwich was gone . You order downstairs and eat up .We came here to try the famous Philly's cheesesteak. They had it as a sandwich, it is huge portion for one and easy can be shared with two of you aren't that hungry. I liked the sandwich but I must say it would have tasted better if there were more generous with the greens/tomatoes and cheese. It was too much bread and meet and didn't leave much room for tasting the whole blend of the sandwich.A great option for a Philly Cheesesteak if you are in Center City. Really cool place ... we must have hit it after a rush cause the bathroom wasn't in the greatest shape. Foods a 5 ... place gets a 5 if the bathroom cleans up.Fantastic cheesesteak. The venue is nicer than other places and it's close the major downtown hotels. The cheesesteak is awesome. Wonderful flaky, soft, chewy bread with flavorful sliced meat. The different options they have are excellent too. I split a Papas favorite and Effin Hot (both excellent) Portions are large and will leave you satisfied. Prices are fair ~10-13 dollars for a BIG cheesesteak.this is strictly on a caviar delivery review.
i ordered the spicy cheese steak, IT'S ACTUALLY REALLY SPICY to warn others out there. i love that they brand their bread but i wish it was a bit crunchier; there was so much meat (they don't skimp out!) that it made the whole sandwich soggy. my waffle fries were pretty stale
all in all it was decent but definitely not the best cheese steak i've ever hadOutstanding cheesesteaks! I'm far from an expert but I have had some mediocre examples over the years and this was not that! Juicy meat, excellent roll. Good sides too -- fried pickles and waffle fries. A strong newcomer for sure. Skip the tourist traps and get your cheesesteak on at Cleavers.We order from this place at least twice a week.  Needless to say it's our favorite steak shop in Rittenhouse.  So many options, a little something for everybody.  Pick from one of their creative selections or build your own!man this place is awesome!! I can't vouch for their cheesesteaks just yet (they definitely look delicious though), but their BBQ chicken bowl is amazing!! less then $10 for a full bowl jam-packed with delicious chicken. A lot of places will only give you 3-5 pieces, but this had to be at least 20! enough for 2 full meals! BBQ sauce is delicious as well!
great price. ton of food. delicious. friendly staff. can't do better!Service was great, very friendly folks. Tons of juicy flavorful meat, bread was fresh and soft,  cheese was just the right amount, not too greasy and generous portions. Definitely recommend this place versus all the touristy locations. Spend the money here!No ordinary cheese steaks here. There are several unique selections such as the Effin hot steak and Pizazz cheese steak. Both flavorful and delicious. A bite of Effin hot steak was like a punch of spicy in my mouth. Pizazz taste just like pizza! 
A bit pricey but definitely worth it because of the taste and the size. My friends and I were only able to finish half of the sandwiches. It was very filling.
Will come back for more!My husband got the traditional Philly cheesesteak and couldn't have been happier. I had bites cause it's huge. The fried pickles were also amazing. A must do while in Philly110% Awesome in every way!  Chi-town foodies, first time in Philly.  We shared an unseeded American with onion and an Effin Hot steak, both were amazing!  We devoured the fried green beans, and couldn't finish the garlic parmesan waffle fries, but they were delicious too.  The staff was super friendly and handed me the TV remote when I asked if we could catch an NHL playoff game.  They have a nice selection of Inexpensive beer, so we hung out until they closed and bought a six pack to go!  Cleavers is great, please bring it to Chicago!!Great food. I made the tourist mistake of ordering a Philly cheesesteak with provolone which was great but or son ordered the Philly cheesesteak with cheese whiz and that is the the magic. The chicken Parmesan my wife has was suburb. Great experienceGreat cheesesteak, had a beer enjoyed the sun shine watching folks walk by.
Price was great food was awesome.For living around Philly for most of my life, this restaurant is a good find. I ordered the Cheesesteak with fried onions and whiz cheese.
**Disclaimer, don't check out city landmarks like Geno's, if you want a fresh and good Cheesesteak. Just go to Pat's and Geno's once to say you've been there and save your money** 
Cleavers serves your cheesesteak fresh on a warm Italian roll. The ingredients seem fresh and the bread was soft. The order is made to order so you can add extra add ons like peppers, etc. The roll is fairly big. It was bigger than the basket that it was served in. It tasted great. It was around $11 so it is a little pricey than a normal Cheesesteak price. My only issue was that the cheese felt like it was scarcely added to the roll.Cleavers was recommended by our van driver. Thought I'd give it a try for a Philly cheesesteak. Wow! This place is GREAT! Best cheesesteak I've had ever. All sandwiches are made fresh, so if you don't call your order in during busy times, lunch for example, you may have to wait 15 minutes or so. Believe me it's worth the wait. They have menu sandwiches or you can customize however you like. Also had a spinach salad. It had tomatoes, roasted red peppers and 6 thick slices of mozzarella cheese on it. Deelish! Give this place a try if your hungry, you won't be leaving disappointed or hungry.Went here on recommendation from hotel. Not impressed at all. This is basically cheese steaks for yuppies and hipsters. Its a slight upgrade from Subway. Wife had chicken Philly, and I had the cheese steak hoagie. We get better tasting sandwiches from WaWa. Geno's and Pat's are worth the trip.Ah! Excellent! The food here is DELICIOUS! AND I MEAN DELICIOUS! I ordered their cheesesteak and the cut of meat was savory with ample amounts of cheese caught in a delicious seeded bun. The seating is upstairs and there's plenty of it. There's two TVs up there and it's great for watching sports.
To add to this, they serve beer and alcoholic concoctions coupled with free refill soft drinks. The staff also brings your food up to you and they are quite fast about it.
The interior decorations are humorous and celebratory of Philly culture, which adds a very cool vibe to go with the food. 
Overall this is a cool, classy sandwich shop that's fun for casual eats.Atmosphere - 10, service - 10. The staff was friendly and welcoming and the restaurant was clean and made for a great pit stop. Highly would recommend.Good quality cheesesteaks. My only beef with Cleavers is that they charge for lettuce when I get a bowl. If the bowl is the same price as a roll and wrap but I'm not getting the roll or wrap, why should I have to pay .50 for lettuce?Huge menu with lots of items to choose from.
They have a good amount of seating, including outside/outdoor.
My meal order was promptly taken, freshly made and delivered.
Very tasty, I'll be coming back again.As a man without a country, now that I find Jim's so abhorrent and quite frankly, dirty....Cleavers is a high end solution to a low end sandwich.  They use only the best rib eye beef, excellent crusty bread and in my case a smear of Wit.  Wit in this case is whiz and I love my sandwiches with this utterly machine made cheese substitute.  They asked me upon ordering if I wanted American Cheese on my steak, but I require the orange, often gloppy cheese substitute.  It's in my DNA.  No apologies from someone who adores artisan cheese, but on my cheesesteak this is what I enjoy.  Onions are stored in a stainless steel tin on the flat top grill.  Each sandwich is made to order and delicious is only a start. Why not five stars? The onions.  I wish they weren't so soupy.  Not their fault.  It was late in the day.  I'll try again.  Next time during the lunch slam.  It's darned good at Cleavers.  CheersAwesome place!  Met up to the great Yelp rating as expected.  I had the pizazz sandwich...loved it.  Family had the classics with provolone instead of the cheese whiz.  They really liked theirs as well. 
I wouldn't hesitate coming back here again!First Philly cheesesteak I had in Philly. Delicious. Had the block and ate the entire thing.  So worth it.Large menu and pen/paper fill out to check off what you want on you cheesesteak. Great variety of toppings and cheeses.
I went with the cheesesteak with American cheese, fried onions and green peppers. Large sub and they did not skimp on anything. Cheese was melted and mixed into the steak. 
Would definitely recommend.Very good cheesesteak in a trendy district.  When I think of Philadelphia food, this is what I will take with me.   This is a chill place with a friendly staff at reasonable prices.  They also offer a military discount, just ask for it.Good cheesesteaks and waffle fries. 
Love the good ole American feel of this place. The seating and atmosphere is perfect for indulging in Philly cheesesteaks. Loved the cheesesteaks and sweet potato waffle fries. I also liked their signature to go boxes that are customized for cheesesteaks. 
Philly cheesesteaks, waffle fries, ice cream soda floats. Mmm..
I want to try the Effin' Hot next time when I'm in Philly.They use real ribeye steak. Good bread. And Cheez Whiz. With all of these ingredients, one cannot go wrong. Get the 1 lb Cleaver sandwich and split with a friend.Great tasting steak sandwich. We were planning in going to the other 2 places and have decided on going here because of the high yelp review. Believe me, we made the right decision. This place was close to our hotel and the food was great.Great steak sub , in the heart of downtown Philadelphia. Fisrt time i had it with chez wiz but ut was awesome. Next time you in downtown philly check them out.So you're walking around looking at our nations founding steps and you realize you're hungry. You think "hey, philly... I need to try a cheesesteak!" Well, press the directions button above and save yourself the hassle of reading reviews or blogs about Philly cheesesteaks! THIS is the place you need to come to.We had a great lunch! The sandwiches were very big and could be shared between two. They also had awesome shakes.Can't say anything that probably hasn't been said. I still prefer Pat's as that's what I had growing up but I also prefer them as they have the roasted hot chilis that I've yet to find at other places.
Gonna be back at this place soon!I was really excited to return to Cleavers, and break my meat fast earlier today....however, my experience with the food was quite disappointing in comparison to my last visit. I ordered a cheesesteak with portobello mushrooms, and sharp provolone. The steak was super dried, salty, and tasteless. The portobello mushrooms were skimpy...and they charged $2 for it! Also, when I asked the waitress for hot bell peppers, she told me I had to pay for them...like who charges for hot peppers??? How very, very disappointing. In addition, the service was very slow. They brought out two of our cheesesteaks first, and the last steak was brought out 10 minutes later. I guess consistency is not key here...I think I will stick to my normal cheesesteak place in south Philly, Philips.....It never s disappoints.For whatever reason this place is hit or miss. I have cheesesteaks here four times and it was great twice not so good the last 2 times.Cheesesteak was unbelievable and not too greasy which is a common issue with cheesesteaks around philly. Waffle fries were also really great - no fixings needed. Decent beer selection to go with the cheesesteak makes for a nice quick grub stop. Staff was friendly and attentive. Definitely making this my staple cheesesteak spot.We each went with The Block, peppers, mushroom, onions and sharp provolone. Exceeded our expectations. Glad we came here instead of Pat's or Gino's!!!I can't say enough good things about this place! The cheesesteaks are packed with so much meat, I've never been able to finish a whole sandwich. Although the seating is limited upstairs, it's got a great feel, with TVs and vintage signage all around. Good for work, laid back date night or watching a game - so relaxed and fun!
I'm not from Philly originally, so I don't consider Pat's or Geno's "the best" cheesesteaks, and  preferred Jim's on South St. hands down. However Cleavers definitely gives Jim's a run for their money and is easily now my favorite. Everything is just so much more fresh and filling at Cleavers for roughly the same price, it's really not even a competition.
The fries and cheese moons are also delicious, but I'd pass on the alcoholic milkshakes. You can barely taste the alcohol, and a 2nd shot is something like an added $4. At that price you could just walk down the street and get a whole bottle of liquor, so save yourself some cash and stick to the huge selection of beer.Just had a great meal at Cleaver's. The cheesesteak was a WOW-- fresh seeded roll, tender, delicious steak, tasty cheese. Super good!  My spouse had the chicken parm sandwich and said it was "two thumbs up!" The waffle fries were fabulous -- crisp, big potato flavor, NOT greasy. We ate upstairs, which is a clean and really attractive space. They serve quite a few bottled and canned beers, in addition to milk shakes and soda. And here's the clinch: the prices are very, very reasonable.  Trust me, this place has it ALL OVER Shake Shack, in quality, value and taste.  Definitely, a new game has arrived in Center City.This place will always stay in my heart, as the first place I ever got a Classic philly cheesesteak. Ever since the very first cheesesteak I've ever ordered anywhere, I always got it with Provolone cheese, and green peppers and mushrooms. Every time. This time though, when I went in here a few weeks ago, I decided to go out on a limb and get a classic cheesesteak, with cheeze whiz and onions. Old school.
You can't really go wrong in Philly with the cheese steaks, so this one is no different. It was really good but I can't give this place 5 stars. Why? they had the AC on when we were there. AC! People in philly don't mind the cold outside, that's something i realized when I was there, but i do! When I'm outside for a while in the cold I wanna come inside and be warmed up, not come inside to the same general temperature! It's fine, because that cheesesteak was really good so it alone earned those four stars.
Oh and also they do waffle fries here. Waffle fries!Cleavers is a great place in center city to grab a cheesesteak. The best? No. But a very very good option for philly. 
The cheesesteaks range from about $9 and up which is the normal price for the city. However, Cleavers stuffs their sandwiches with SO MUCH meat it is worth every penny. Most places, skimp on the meat but not Cleavers.  Our rolls were overflowing. 
I had the Pizazz which is steak, pizza sauce, and mozzarella moons topped with more pizza sauce and Parmesan cheese. This was a very good steak sandwich. But, I think it was too saucy and could have used a cheese on the bottom of the roll like slices of mozz or provolone to make it better. I had asked the server if this was possible instead of the Parmesan cheese on top and he told me no. So I was a little disappointed that although they have a totally customizable option, switching a cheese wasn't possible. 
My mom had a custom sandwich on a seeded roll with pizza sauce and wiz. The cashier was a bit reluctant to put wiz on because he thought we meant mozzarella. We assured him wiz is the Philly way and that's what we wanted. Sure enough, the cheesesteak was delicious. I ended up eating more of this one than mine because hers had the mix of cheese and sauce to create a delicious combo! 
We shared the waffle fries which were good. They aren't seasoned waffle fries but are fresh cut waffle potatoes and are yummy. 
The set up is also a little weird. Order downstairs eat upstairs. But, the deink machines are downstairs so it makes it hard if you run out of water or need straw because they are downstairs. But the food makes it worth it!
Definitely want to go back again!I get a food coma every time I come here (granted I get a food coma every time I eat a cheesesteak so interpret that as you will). There's just so many selections of cheesesteak here and all the choices do make it rather hard to decide what you want but all the more reason to visit another time! 
I don't know how authentic of a Philly cheesesteak their cheesesteaks are but they're still a really good sandwich regardless. Quite greasy and I always end up getting heartburn but if I have a craving for cheesesteak, this would be one of my top choices in Philly. I've had the zinger steak and effin' hot steak - both good if you like spicy. One sandwich is a hefty amount for me - eating half would satisfy me and eating all of it immediately puts me down for the day.Service was great! I ordered a cheese steak with provolone, lettuce and pickles. The sandwich was very large and not greasy which was great. I like my meat finely chopped and found the meat a little too large for my liking. Also, it wasn't too flavorful.This place may not be world famous for their Philly Cheesesteak but let me tell you they are delicious. Their sandwiches are about 11 in and are loaded with 8 oz of sliced rib eye. YUM!  We ordered the bbq sandwich and it was seriously out of this world. Just enough bbq sauce, cheese, and topped with onion rings. The garlic parm waffle fries were also delicious. My son especially liked the birthday cake milkshake. I tasted it and it was perfect and not overly sweet.Came for a meeting- I don't really eat meat but client wanted a cheesesteak.  Vegetable hoagie with tomato mozzarella and balsamic was pretty good.  Bread was decent and vegetables were fresh and I wasn't mocked for ordering such a thing in a cheesesteak place.  Upstairs seating was great when it started to rain; had it not been a work meeting, I would've enjoyed a beer or two.It was a quick stop for my boyfriend and I on our last trip to downtown Philly. The place is within a walking distance from the Suburban station which is nice. The cheesesteak sandwich we ordered was decent. There was no wow factor, nor was it bad. 5 star for the decor , 3 stars for the sandwich. They offer a variety of interesting fries that maybe We should have tried (pizza fries looked appealing). Maybe next timeService is kind of curt  but the cheese steaks are great. Well seasoned meat, lots of cheese selections, soft hoagie buns. Big enough for two.This neat lil joint is perfect for meat lovers. They have some of the best sandwiches I've ever had. Definitely go here and get yourself a sandwhich. And the atmosphere is on point. Oh and they also have great shakes AND bottled beer. Shakes, Beer, and Meat. What more do you need?I was in Philly for a work conference and decided I had to try a steak and cheese before I left so I looked up the closest one to me before heading to the airport and was able to grab a quick bite here before I headed out. I ordered the zinger steak which had very high quality meat for a cheesesteak but lacked any salty flavor. There wasn't enough cheese and the "hots" were more just regular peppers. 
My rating is for what I ordered which might not have been the best thing on the menu so maybe I will try a different one next time.Only in Philly when it comes to food and flavor
Clevers is on the top of my list. Unselfishly remarkable I can eat here everyday the food here is just chef prepare and sumptuous!!!!!!!!Best cheesesteak ever. Very unexpected and even though there are a ton of cheesesteak places in Philly, this really is the best. Bread is great and meat is quality. Will definitely come back!We were strolling through the city with our yelp app open to try and find a quick but delicious place to eat when we stumbled upon this place. There were few people inside but it was also a Thursday evening. They have a wide selection of beers and they had my favorite, Stella cidre, so they were already a winner! I ordered the cheesesteak eggrolls with a side of cheese fries. My husband got the longhot cheesesteak. My eggrolls were delicious. They had a nice kick to it, but nothing I couldn't handle. The fries came with a white sauce, as requested, and were so good. I mean you can go wrong with fries and cheese. My husband really liked his cheesesteak but commented that he needed to take out some peppers because they were really spicy and fresh. The place was really clean and service was really quick. There's a lot of seating upstairs and they have a few tables outside.The concept excited me, but the taste just didn't do it for me. I just felt like something was missing.One of the most impressively delicious tasting  Philly cheesesteaks that I've ever eaten. A must try if you are in the area and are a fan of cheese steaks! 
Food: 
The meat is just so tender and the cheese is perfectly melted. The bread and veggies complemented the rib eye steak & creamy melted cheese. 
*they offer a good variety of cheese steaks and subs (including chicken & veggies)
Garlic, parmesan waffle fries were nice complement to the cheese steak.
*Cleavers has a few style of fries to suit your taste. And salads too, if you want!
Ambience: great, a mix of modern and classical style of city sub/hoagie shops
***superior tasting when comparing to Sonny's famous steaks (on Market street)Went again today and had the BBQ Cheesesteak. Was good but I wish the sauce was either less sweet, or that they put less on. Also split the Garlic Parmesan Fries which were awesome.Was looking for a great Cheesesteak in the area I was in, this place did not disappoint!We went to Philly for the 4th of July weekend and I think it's a law that your first meal has to be a cheese steak and I picked Cleavers based on how close it was to our hotel and the great Yelp reviews. First off these cheese steaks are huge!!!  So you may want to consider sharing one especially if you plan to get a few sides to go along with it. We both got "the block" which comes with mushrooms, onions, green or sweet peppers and provolone cheese ( or you can choose another type of cheese). These were excellent subs with just the right portion of add ins to meat. We also got a small order of waffle fries with cheese wiz and onion rings which are very generous portions. Loved the waffle fries, but eat them before the cheese cools down for the best taste. The onion rings were good but nothing special, but they were very fresh and hot.  They have an excellent bottle beer collection with plenty of craft choices. We were there about 9pm on a Friday night so not crowed and the service was enthusiastic and very friendly (coming from NYC, that's always a refreshing plus).Delicious! This was our first (and certainly not last) order from cleavers. Can't believe we've never eaten here before. Last minute Sunday night dinner decision. Ordered delivery around 7:30...food was here less than 30 minutes later. So speedy!! 
Went with The Block and a chicken cheesesteak hoagie (and sweet potato waffle fries, of course). Boyfriend said the block was awesome - meat was tender and well seasoned, the mushrooms/peppers were melty and the roll was fresh. I went with the CCH - same consensus as the boyfriend. Meat was so tender and all the flavors were there. And the fries? Sweet, crunchy, salty perfection. 
Cleavers does the cheesesteak (beef AND chicken) serious justice. Not to mention the service was impeccable and delivery was crazy fast!!The Cheesesteaks are nice enough and the beer is cheap.
There are certainly worse places to have lunch in the city.My wife and I went here on our recent trip to Philly.  I love cheesesteaks and wanted to find a good one.  This place is fairly new which means attentive staff and it's clean.  My wife ordered a steak salad and I ordered a cheesesteak with grilled onions and sharp provolone.  I was indecisive about which beer I wanted and it turns out that the person taking our order was one of the owners.  He suggested a Yard Brawler.  Very good recommendation.  We went upstairs to eat.  Other than a very very loud group up there it was a nice space.  My wife's salad was definitely enough for a meal and she enjoyed it.  I loved my cheesesteak.  The sharp provolone was the way to go.  When I get back to Philly, I will go here again.After being unfathomably disappointed at Geno's and Pat's, the so-called "famous" ones, cleaver's kicked their butts out of the freakin water. Cleaver's is amazing. If you're from CA like me don't even waste your time hitting the tourist Geno's and Pat's spots. Go to cleaversGood, solid cheesesteaks. They are a little expensive, but the massive portions make up for it. The waffle fries are great.Cleaver's did not let me down. Ordered 'The Block' w/o mushrooms (honey got some on the side) and added hot peppers. 100% satisfaction. Being french fry lovers, we ordered the loaded fries. Yum yum yum. It should be a sin to be that good. 
I'm still new to artisanal beer, but the watermelon lime flavor was refreshing and interesting to say the least.Forget about those tourist traps Geno's and Pat's. This had the best cheesesteak I've ever had. Hands down. Plus they have waffle fries! I was in heaven the whole time i was chowing down.Delicious.  I had never been to Philly before and thus I had never had a real cheesesteak.  The cashier was patient with me and helped me order one with peppers and onions and a spicy provalone.  I also got a fantastic Troegs Troegenator double bock.  That was so good that I had two, particularly at the price.Finally made it into the little sandwich shop that's making a big splash in the city of cheesesteaks, and all I have to say is if you're considering going- stop considering and go. 
I was lucky enough to try a bunch of things off the menu, as I came in for a group tasting event. The block is their most popular sandwich, and for good reason, it's tasty. The buffalo, chicken balsamico, and effin hot are all also winners. 
The mozzarella moons are crazy good if you like mozzarella sticks, the fries were crispy, and the fried pickles were tasty and well seasoned. 
Also had a milkshake, and would highly recommend. Creamy and awesomely decadent. The cookies and cream was my favorite.I was looking for a place to be a cheesesteak near the hotel where an out of town friend was staying in Rittenhouse since an Uber ride to Jim' Pats or Genos ( my fave) would have upped the price considerably. This place did not disappoint. Large and stuffed with steak and oozing with melted American ( my choice for a European visitor) steak was tender and juicy. 
The small was huge and shareable although my friend slept off her jet lag while I gorged
Myself on the whole thing. Oh well she will try a standard one from one f the other 1000 pizza/steak places around. 
Great place to sample a good traditional cheesesteak near Rittenhouse. 
PS they have shakes too!I am not from Philadelphia so I will not get into whether this is authentic or better than some of the other contenders around town. It was a few minutes away from my hotel, with good reviews, so I decided to give it a try.
 It was pretty lively on a Saturday afternoon although the wait was not long at all. I ordered the cheesesteak with cheese whiz. While it was not a mind-blowing experience, it was a very good sandwich. It wasn't particularly greasy though, and if I learned anything from Will Smith, it probably should've been a little more greasy.This was the best cheesesteak I've ever had!!! I'm from out of town and looked on yelp for a great cheesesteak and I'm glad I found this spot. I had the block and it was spectacular! I considered ordering a second to take back to Atlanta with me! Yum!Some of the best food we've had on this trip!  Amazing cheesesteak from Philidelphia.  If you have never had a cheesesteak, you need to come here for your first.Ok, so I know this is a hipster joint, but I don't care, the Philly cheesesteak sandwiches were good here.They offer several different toppings and cheeses, plus they get your order out quickly. The sandwiches here are generous in size and they don't skimp on the steak at all. 
Seating is plentiful on the second floor and the service is good. If I am ever in Philadelphia again, I'll definitely make a point to come here again. Thanks, Cleavers!Loved it! The food was delicious. Probably the best steak I've had. The proportions are great. We ended up ordering food for 4 people, primarily because we wanted to try a couple different things on the menu. We took the left overs for home; that should give you an idea of how big the proportions are.
I've never had fries like the ones we were served. They're thicker and not drenched in oil. Very good.
Must visit if you're in PhillyThis is the second time my boyfriend and I have ordered from here. Speedy delivery, delicious cheesesteaks, salads and sides. You can taste the quality in their food. I've been living here for the past 10 years, and I can assure you that they beat Pats and Genos. Best cheesesteaks in Philadelphia. Hands down.Went for the first time today at lunch and loved it!!! We each had a cheesesteak and they were great!  The meat has the best taste and everything balanced together perfectly. We also got an order of waffle fries and the fried pickles.  The pickles are fried spears, better than any other I've had.  The fries were good too.  I have my other half of the sandwich and the fries for my dinner tonight.  Seeing as I'm starting South Beach in a little over a week my next order will be a cheesesteak in a bowl!Presentation was great! Food was delicious. Philly cheese steak could be customized which is an excellent option. The mozzarella moons were so cheesy and fresh. A must have item is the Philly cheesesteak egg rolls dipped in the sriracha sauce. All the meat was fresh. Wish they had a small bites menu.The CBR is my absolute favorite. I've also had the buffalo chicken and a cheesesteak, both of which were also good. Pair any sandwich with some waffle fries and a drink and you're set. Usually I can split this with a friend and still be completely full. Love Cleavers!service:5/5
We were glad we only ordered one cheese steak. It offered the worst beef quality in which we don't understand why this place earn a high rating. It would be nice if we can stay one day in town so we can try another restaurant and make a comparison.
Unfortunately, USDA Approved Ribeye does not equivalent to quality grade of the beef. 50 is still a pass.I was looking through the almighty Yelp to guide me, and it was like "oh I can order through this app. That's neat."
It was our first day in Philadelphia, and having driven for the day we ordered take out. It was a bit of a hike from where we were staying, but I wanted to get immersed in the city.
Little did I know going through Yelp, I had stumbled upon a treasure. I don't care about any other place that people argue is the best Philly Cheese Steak, I'm putting my money on Cleavers. That Cheese Steak was booming! The provolone was sharp almost like a parmesan, the steak is prime rib and exquisite. The sub roll was fresh, and the branding on the roll was clutch for me, it's a great gimmick. The veggies were cooked to perfection! The fries were pretty good. 
We didn't end up eating a lot of cheese steaks while in Philly, because, you know, after 3-4 days and you start to feel run-dow. But this was my favorite, and Cleavers really stepped up the Philly Cheese Steak game. This will be my go-to the next time I'm in Philadelphia.Great find. I didn't have time to go to South Philly after work so I came here for dinner (my second time). I ordered a steak sandwich with cheese whiz, fried onions and pickles with waffle fries on the side. The ribeye steak was very juicy, tender and fresh, it was on  par with some famous establishments below South Street. The menu was extensive as well and the price was reasonable based on the amount of meat and the size of the sandwich. The cheesesteaks are on the greasy side but not too bad. Waffle fries were crispy but not super remarkable.
You order downstairs and there are plenty of seats on the second floor. The friendly staff will bring your order upstairs. With an extensive collection of beers as well, this is a great place in the Rittenhouse area.I'm a traveler!! I'm allll over the country!! So, without me sitting here having to write some super-long review, I ask you to trust-what-I-tell'ya, and recognize that this place IS THE BOMB!! 
I, myself had the Chicken Cheesesteak. ... and woo!! :)
Check this place out... it is now my fav!! 
Oh...and you can literally feed 2 off of one sandwich. Add some fries, and the 2 of you would be a-ok!! ...unless ur a greedy hog!! Lol, just goofin'. :)I smuggled one of their cheese steaks to my buddy in the hospital & he was blown away. It could have been the 4 days of hospital food, but I don't think so. It's clean, well staffed, food is good, and they have beer. Eat here.Effing hot cheesesteak is freaking hot, not for the meek. But if u like spicy then there is no other cheesesteak like the one at Cleavers
Great selection of beers as wellGreat cheesesteaks if you want to stay away from the tourist Genos and Pats. Quality of steaks is better in my opinion.This is a tremendously good joint. Our "spot" whenever we visit Philly and want an amazing cheesesteak.  Something about the quality of ingredients raises it above all the worthy competitors.A lot of meat. Like way too much meat. That's not really a complaint, more of an observation.
This is just a cheese-steak restaurant though. Don't let the marketing/menu fool you.Stopped in for a late lunch. Not too busy. Staff was friendly. Order and they bring to your table.
Went with the breaded chicken parm and waffle fries with cheese wiz. It was plenty for both of us to share.
Sitting upstairs was roomy with tv's on the sports channel. But really, you could probably share a sandwich and it will be plenty!I didn't make it to Pat's or Geno's, but of the four cheese steaks I had in Philly this one was my favorite!!!!Stopped in today because we were in the area and based on the other reviews and this place did not disappoint!!! 
Loved that you could get the cheesesteaks naked and the fries were nice and crispy! 
New favorite cheesesteak place!Went here while I was in town for a day because you have to get a Philly cheesesteak when you are in Philadelphia. The cheesesteak was good but I wish there was more cheese, I should have asked for extra. The meat was fabulous and I got fried onions, hot pepper relish and hot banana peppers. Their hot pepper relish was actually spicy which was great and the service was fast. Good thing I got there early because the place started filling up as I was leaving. Always a good sign.Most people don't consider onion and pepper to be premium toppings worth $0.75 each on a $9 sandwich.This place deserves the almost 5 star rating it has. Food was great. Staff.. ehh with any place there's always one person who would steer you away forever but the food made up for it.We were very impressed with their cheesesteak sandwich.  We love the sesame seed buns, and they had those!  I would eat here again based on our experience this was a friendly and clean restaurant.  Get the American cheese instead of provolone its much creamier, and we enjoyed it thoroughly!If your sign says "Steaks, Shakes, and Brews," you should probably have a good steak and a good shake. Ordered Papa's Favorite - the onions were too large and still pretty raw (somewhat cooked); the meat was passable but not remarkable; the bun was toasted nicely, which is the only thing positive I can say. As for the vanilla shake, it was the most horrifically brand shake I've had in a long time. Probably one of the worse shakes in the city. And all for the "low, low price" of ~$17. If you want to treat yourself to a nice steak and shake, look somewhere else.Really delicious, REALLY filling cheesesteaks. I went here with my daughter and we split one cheesesteak , an order of waffle fries (really good!) and fried pickles . The cheesesteaks are very high quality and the restaurant is amazingly clean. There are a number of choices for toppings--we got provolone cheese and onions on a seeded roll.
 Very efficient and friendly staff as well. I love milkshakes, but there was NO way I could manage it with this huge meal. Next time....I made a mis-steak.  So back in philly we decide to get cheese steaks (as we always do, at Pats), and were in Rittenhouse so decided to try Cleavers.  Philly, great reviews, what could go wrong?  I mean you can get a decent cheese steak practically anywhere in the area, right?
What a huge disappointment and one of the few moments where Yelp let me down too.  Something about the seasoning of the meat, and the cheese used just made this sub par.  It was very blah food and experience.  I usually go to The King of Steak on Wharton, and made the mistake of not going there.  At least I learned not to do that again...I was really excited to try a cheese steak in Philly for the first time.  I don't mix meat and cheese anymore like I used to back in the day (health reasons) so it had been nearly 5 years since I had a cheese steak.  I actually don't even eat dairy anymore, but I was willing to make an exception since it was Philly.
To my absolute surprise this place was a total let down!   I wanted to go nice and simple so I just did onions and wiz as was recommended.  The meat was so chewy and fatty I couldn't believe it.  Either it wasn't cooked right or the quality just wasn't very good at all.  Bread was pretty rough, perhaps stale.  I ended up taking a few bites since I was so hungry, but then threw the rest in the trash where it belonged. 
Even the cheese steaks I used to have back in the good ole college days at ASU were wayyyy better!  This was a horrible experience that I wish would have played out much differently.
The staff are super friendly so no problem there.  I'm just not ever coming back for the food, that's for sure!Got into Philly fairly late and wanted a place to pick up some food close to our hotel. We were hungry after a long day in the car. My husband picked up the food and brought it back. I was a few bites in, when, much to my chagrin, I noticed there was a hair in my mouth from the sandwich. I have short brown hair and this hair was longer and blond. I thought it was pretty nasty, but like I said, I was hungry. I take another bite and guess what? Another hair  . So nasty. Needless to say, I was done. Maybe invest in some hairnets.I went here because of the 4.5 stars and tried a cheesesteak with white cheddar sauce. I am in Philly for the first time so I have to try a cheesesteak, right? Maybe it was because I was dying to try a cheesesteak, so my expectations were high but it was super underwhelming. The meat had no flavor at all. Also I wish they served half sandwiches because one is definitely enough to split in half! Finally, they asked what toppings I wanted and saw that pickles were free so I asked for some on the side. Apparently it cost 60 cents extra but I didn't realize! They were McDonald level pickles so nothing special.What a pleasant experience all around. Yes, the chopped cheesesteak was amazing with all the right notes. But the staff was also very thoughtful and attentive. I ordered the regular cheesesteak with onions, sharp provolone and hot peppers on a seeded hoagie roll. OMG,  one of the better versions of this Philly classic.
Most highly recommended.For not being a touristy "original" Philly cheesesteak joint, this place has great cheesesteaks! The quality of the food seems superior than some of the other more well known spots and the location is superior as well! They have nice clean tables, friendly service and sell booze too. My local philly friends all love this place... it may be a chain, I'm not sure... but for a chain type restaurant, this place gets 5 stars:)By far the best cheesesteak I've ever had! The Effin hot cheese steak was amazing! Kids really enjoyed their chicken sandwich as well. The green bean fries and waffle fries were the perfect addition to the meal. Highly highly recommend!Ok I was skeptical. But these cheesesteaks were greattt. Best I've ever had. I'm not an expert in this area but these were delicious I was so full but I kept wanting to eat more. Solid and definitely recommend.I'm from Philadelphia, so I know about a good cheesesteak. I've always strayed away from 'chain' or 'high-end' cheesesteak spots - but Cleavers won me over. It's 1 block away from my job, so one day I was craving a cheesesteak with a 'sharp provolone' option, which is hard to come by at a mom and pop cheesesteak spot. It was DELICIOUS, and I'm a very tough critic. I ordered the beef Italiano - and it was perfect. All the ingredients were extra fresh! Bun was perfect was soft. I ate the whole thing and believe me, these are no small sandwiches. It cost about $12-13, which had me in a bad mood until I tasted the thing. PERFECTION! So perfect that I went back the next day for a 'Make you own' steak. Thank God the weekend came and I wasn't close enough to get another one. This place has every option you can think of to make your perfect steak - which is not common among the neighborhood spots. I just love it. Can't recommend this place enough.This is the first time I've had a legit cheesesteak and I must say it did not disappoint. I really enjoyed it, the meat was succulent and the cheese was extra cheesey (just the way I love it). I will definitely be back!We came here on a Thursday evening to try the famous philly cheese steak. The service was prompt and friendly. 
We sat upstairs and the food came soon after.
There is an extensive beer menu... and the boozey shakes looked amazing but we were too full to have it.
I ordered the block, which the waitress said was the most popular. It was *so* delicious! So was the deep fried pickles which were spicy and definitely yummy! My friend had the beers and was was totally in love. 
All in all.. delicious and I would be back again next time I'm in town!Perfect meal for what we wanted. Shared a Philly cheese steak fries and each had a booty milkshake. Staff are dedicated and hard working. Good price! Great food!Excellent sandwiches, wraps & bowls.  Large portions - we split a sandwich and fries and were full.   Delicious food - services large selection of beer in bottles - seating upstairs.   Very clean!   We'll most definitely go backI tried this place out and it's a pretty decent lunch spot.  I got a cheesesteak that had an onion ring on it which is definitely heavier than my typical lunch fare - but I wanted to live a little!  You can find a healthier option on the menu but it's more of a place that you should go pig out.
The price is high but as others have said, the quality of the food is legitimate.  HUGE portions that you can break into two meals (it won't be as good on day 2 but for the price I was finishing that jawn - such is life) 
I suggest checking it out and will definitely be back for a milkshake - they look delicious but one of those with that cheesesteak would have been a one-way ticket to nap town.This place was great. Walked right in, didn't wait longer then 5 minutes for our food. I am on the Keto diet and got the "bowl" version of a cheese steak. It was delicious!!!Looks like a pretty great place to eat Philly cheese steaks, I didn't eat today, but the place plenty busy.