This was my first time here and I loved this place! Stopped in on Wednesday after Sips. The place was hopping! DJ was spinning great music, a bunch of tvs around, a bar downstairs and upstairs. Downstairs was packed but there was plenty of room at the bar upstairs. I got a Long Beach Tea. The bartender checked with me on how to make it and it tasted great. She was very friendly. I didn't get to try any of the food but I'll definitely be back! :)典型的なアイリッシュパブ。混んでいるところを見ると人気があるのだろう。ビーフシチューは普通にアイリッシュパブの味だったが、肉は柔らかくて美味しかった。I am not Chinese by the way.Had the fish and chips but sadly was it mostly chips. Only a couple small pieces of heavily fried fish. Others in my group ordered the shepherds pie and weren't extremely impressed. We only went here due to the proximity from the embassy suites. I'd recommend taking a walk to some other areas to get some good food.Came with my uncle on a Friday night to grab a burger and brew after a hard days work.
I think the jalapeno poppers are made in house, so I give four stars based on that and just the fact that they had them which I had been craving for the longest. 
Beers were fresh and cold, and burger was A-OK as well.
I just wish there would have been less cigarette butts all over the floor, but otherwise, outdoor seating was enjoyable.Good bar.  Recommend for Happy Hour.  I've also been to a holiday party where they rented out the top floor/bar and that was very well done.  Good bar food  and were quick to refill at the catered event. Sometimes they offer live music which can be a plus.  Specials are pretty good.The wait staff was nice in that they let me store my huge luggage in the restaurant while I ate there (I had just returned from being out of the country for a month). But the service was pretty slow. And the veggie burger I had was awful. There was no flavor and it made me kinda sick. I had a salad on the side with blue cheese dressing which was fine, and my friend had fries which were really good. But I would definitely NOT recommend the veggie burger for vegetarians (I am a vegetarian). I also got a diet coke which just tasted weird. Overall not a good restaurant.Not sure about all of these negative reviews on here. I thought Con Murphy's was a solid place when I stopped in this past weekend. First time in there. I was impressed with the coziness and decor. It's a very small place, and it's expected since its connected to a hotel, but they do a good job with it. Had brunch and as a big spicy foods/wing guy, the buffalo chicken and waffles caught my eye. Delicious. My girlfriend had a breakfast sandwich and was very high on their fries. Had a couple of Magner's Irish ciders as well, which were good. Showed the waitress the Yelp offer for a buy one, get one free drink for checking in and it was accepted right away. I'd definitely come back here, especially for an event.I've now been in twice - the second time by accident.  By the time we realized we had shot and missed once before, we were already committed.  After trying for a redemption round, will definitely not make that mistake a third time!  
The staff was friendly but the food is just not good.  The crab and corn soup was alright but the tomato soup had no flavor to it, was not the consistency of soup, and the accompanying grilled cheese wasn't any better.  They literally just took two pieces of bread, put a piece of cheese in between, and stuck it in a panini maker (plain) to get some grill lines.
The mediterranean platter was alright but not exciting and the buffalo chicken wrap was alright if you dunked it in extra buffalo sauce.  The menu is a little bit all over the place, which at first seems intriguing, until you actually try it.  
If you do go, jsut stick with drinks.  All in all, not anything to go back for!We went into Con Murphy's on a Sunday morning around 9:15 because there was no wait and the place was empty. We were on a bit of a schedule, but we figured 45-50 minutes for breakfast food (basic eggs, toast, etc) was a reasonable amount of time. 
Oh dear, were we wrong. We waited 42 minutes to get our food and our server's only response was 'they are making new potatoes'. Was this a joke? They didn't have an alternative? Guests were simply supposed to wait 45 minutes for eggs? 
We were given 0 consolation for our inexcusably long wait and our server didn't even seem to care. She was more interested in setting up for some sort of buffet/banquet later in the day. 
When the food came, it was also riddled with mistakes and missing items, but since our server was nowhere to be found and we were pressed for time, we simply did not bother to correct anything. Everything was pretty basic, too, and hardly worth the price ($10 for an egg sandwich...really?). 
Needless to say, if I'm ever visiting Philadelphia, I will never go to this place again--I'd rather get Dunkin Donuts. At least I know what I'm getting (read: crappy food that's served quickly).Wanted a Guinness. Coin flip - fish&chips or shepherds pie?  I was told the fish & chips were "lighter" 
Decent f&c. Good Guinness, well pulled. 
I'm not sure how heavy the pie would have been. I ate only half, saved the rest for lunch tomorrow. 
Very, very noisy crowdThe first night I was there the food and service were awesome. My Bacon Bleu Cheese burger was amazing and the Shepard Pie my sisters ordered was delicious! This place was so good we called in for delivery the following day; since we were staying at the Windsor. Let's just say we weren't lucky the second time. My burger was okay, not as moist. I asked for a side of Bleu cheese dressing and got blue cheese crumbles?? My sister who ordered the Con Murphy's burger ordered it medium rare; instead it was delivered well done. The burger was so dry, my sister compared it to eating beef jerkey on a bun. But what was totally not okay we're the napkins/salt&pepper packets wrapped in plastic. All of the napkins were molded and stained. I'm assuming it was exposed to moisture or something. The good news is my sisters and I had a good sense of humor about it.. Sh#t happens. Anyways this place has potential to be incredible or blah. I suggest if your staying in the hotel, do yourself a favor and go into the restaurant. You'll have a better chance of them getting your order right.. Not to mention clean napkins lol.Randomly checked out this place on a Saturday night at midnight.  Enjoyed it! The guy who was preforming last night was great!  Our party of 4 was placed upstairs which was perfect since we were able to enjoy the music and still talk.  Liked all the drinks we ordered and the food was good.  We got the loaded nachos with short ribs, dry rubbed wings and grilled cheese with short ribs.  The grilled cheese was my fav!!!! Really liked my friends spiked apple cider, the other drinks ordered were okay.Came here last night with my team to get drinks and food post game.
The waitress was really nice but it was very difficult to get her when we needed since we had to sit upstairs. The wait for our food took a really long time so although the food was decent, I'm not sure if I would come again.
I got the Buffalo wings which were hot! Yum..and they were nice and crispy, which counterbalanced the blue cheese very well.
My friend got the Buffalo chicken Flatbread, which she said was too soft (the bread itself).
I do appreciate the waitress letting us use the promotions and coupons we got, so we did tip her well !The service, including the hostess, was great all around.
A lot of restaurants ask you how you would like your burger cooked and then bring it to you medium-well, regardless of what you asked for. That is not the case a Con Murphy's. The burger was cooked perfectly. Just as importantly, the bacon on the burger was cooked perfectly. The fries were great. If there was some malt vinegar aioli on the side, it would have made my afternoon. However, I was left with just ketchup, horrible, disgusting ketchup. Don't get me wrong, I love ketchup. I'm not picky either, Heinz, Huntz, Del Monte, grocery store, whatever. I just do not ever want that nasty generic restaurant bulk ketchup that tastes like a mix of random chemicals. I'll never understand why restaurants take such pride in making great food and then put something so awful next to it. I guess most chef's are just anti-ketchup and put whatever cheap crap they can out for the stupid customers that always ask for it.I will take a break from trying to break off chunks using my teeth from a block of dark chocolate chips that melted in my trunk during a drive from NY to Philly in 95 degree weather that subsequently re-solidified to form a giant inside-a-bag shaped block to write this review. There are now shavings all over my computer and desk. Ugh, life.
Anywhoo I came to this place after going to that rooftop drinks thing at, as I used to say in middle and high school, "the lib" (pronounced: lie-b). My friend, her boyfriend (not for long LOLOLOL, no I'm kidding, I would never....really..) and I were all like "ok let's get food tho". This friend is my intern soulmate bc she's almost as enthusiastic about nachos as I am.
After entering this establishment, we went upstairs for some reason. We walked past the bar and sat down at one of the tables. We persued the menus and waited for a while for someone to take our order. We became impatient until someone walked by and kindly informed us that there was no waiter service up here. I took the bullet and went to the bar to order for the table.
I ordered a watermelon marg and the other two fools in my party got regular margs. We also ordered nachos. I think I was pretty full actually and just accompanied them to drink more and hang out. The reason for which I was pretty full was bc I had eaten pretty much a large cheese pizza singlehandedly an hour or so before. 
Our drinks came and I thoroughly enjoyed the watermelon marg. It was tasty and refreshing. The nachos arrived to grace me with their presence. Like a captured spy, I initially resisted their efforts to draw me in but could only make it for so long. My intern soulmate and her boyfriend kept going on and on about how amazing they were. I classically decided I would "just try a chip or two". Cute bc they were so good I, SHOCKER, couldn't stop eating them. Too bad I didn't go to order nachos on an empty stomach, I could've had my way with those bad boys. 
The nachos were so good in fact, for the whole next day I kept thinking about how good they were. Like, no joke. 
I can't speak for any of their other menu items. I would come back for the nachos though.
AdiosGreat atmosphere for eating and drinking. Service was great and the food was good. Worth the stop if you like quaint Irish Pubs where you can have a good meal with a good selection of beers and have good conversation!This was a pretty traditional pub experience.
The menu contains a few of the expected items (shepherds pie, beef stew, etc.) but also contains some great American fare. The pork kebabs were quite good. They weren't dried out and the bacon/corn/tomato side was quite good. The reuben rolls were a super tasty appetizer; though be careful because they're nuclear hot when they're delivered. The hummus appetizer is also a good choice for kids since it contains some veges along with the hummus. 
We sat outside by the street and it wasn't too loud. The waitress was friendly and engaged our young children. 
No complaints, the experience was great. There's nothing exceptional here but you won't be unhappy.The staff was great. They recommended the Philly and it was good. The side salad was huge, next time I would get the chips. 
There was live music which was nice and tv's all around for sports. 
Nice stop for drinks and food.Crab soup...to die for! The local beer the waitress suggested, very refreshing. A fun place to relax, laugh and hang out.Super friendly staff, great happy hour and weekend deals and outdoor seating... fun spot to hang out for an afternoon or evening!Stopped in here for a quick bite to eat while walking to the made in America concert. The food was great and the service was as well. However, the sangria I had was nothing special to say the least. My boyfriend got beer and was a happy camper. Also the turkey burger was not dry it was very juicy.Stopped in for a drink. Sat at the bar. The bartender served us our drinks and was very friendly. The very intoxicated gents next to us wouldn't stop running their mouths but alcohol and youngsters happens. We also met a very lovely 70 year old couple who were just hanging out with each other and not married. She liked screwdrivers and he opted for the beer. He urged her to try something new but she said no, I will stick to my usual. When someone asked fi they were married they said no. He asked if they would get married and she said 'oh my, no,' Lol. 
Thats the kind of stuff we look for at irish places. The craic! Sadly we needed to move on so we paid our tab and went on our way. 
We would return. We loved the bartender. The place was large and clean with great outdoor seating.My wife and I came the night that the regular wait staff had their Christmas party.  So I can't comment on them - but the food was really good. My wife has the short rib Mac and cheese and I had the Guinness stew. Both very very good. The craft beer selection was minimal, but they had Guinness so all was well with the world.   The atmosphere was very homey - but no open fires. I'd come back again for a wee pint!I had the best meal tonight....Short Rib Mac & Cheese.  Nicola K was AWESOME!!!  Best please to eat on our weekend trip the Philly.I go there for happy hour every time I am there for work. I love the buy 1, get 1 when you check in .
The only get is the drinks because the food never comes out warm (hot) enough the first time.  When the temperature of the food is good, the crab soup is fantastic. 
I'll see you there next time.Awesome breakfast.  We went there because it was convenient as we were staying at The Windsor Suites.  I had the Irish Breakfast and my wife had the Eggs Benedict.  Both were served hot and came with me food than we could eat.  Add fantastic service and wifi and you have a winner!Con Murphys feels like a neighborhood bar but has the food of a prime Philly restaurant! While the food might not be the lightest or healthiest, it is however, to die for! Their buttermilk chicken sandwich is one of my favorites in the city. 
Service: 9
Size: Small/medium
Price: very reasonable 
Atmosphere: 7Great food, affordable and a nice atmosphere. Nick is a great bartender and pours a perfect Guinness!!Had the Reuben sandwich. 
It's cheap meat and no soul. Wouldn't recommend it all. It's too bad for me because I really love a good Reuben and I chose this over a Philly cheesesteak. I had limited time and had to choose. I chose poorly.Cute little Irish bar/pub located right next to the Windsor Suites in good 'ole Philly! 
From the outside, Con Murphy's looks like a tiny pub that you might miss unless you're looking for it. However, on the inside there are various levels available for seating along with an outdoor option (for the warmer months). 
If you're not busy grabbing a cheese steak somewhere you should definitely check out Con Murphy's for breakfast/brunch. 
I came on a Saturday for brunch with my boyfriend. We were staying at the hotel which meant we could take advantage of the brunch deal offered to hotel guests. 
How does this deal work? You basically pick out any breakfast menu item worth $13 or less and you get that plus coffee (refills included) and a glass of orange juice for ten bucks! Not too shabby, if I do say so myself. 
I ordered the eggs Benedict and my boyfriend ordered the salmon eggs Benedict, which brought a side of home "fries" on the plate and a small serving of ketchup. Not only was it visually appealing, but hands down probably the best eggs Benedict I've had in ages! 
Service was absolutely amazing and rather quick. 
I would not hesitate to come back and check out their lunch or dinner menu.Good pub grub. Friendly servers. Nice selection of Irish beers, some craft brews, and basic beers.  TVs placed well. Just a good solid place overallFood decent, service great, menu good. Apparently they serve a damn fine pint of Guinness, but the only problem is that it is definitely overpriced! 
This location definitely needed a decent restaurant, and if I were on the parkway, it's about the only place worth eating at. Just too expensive for what it is.I stayed at the hotel right upstairs. It was really cold outside so we decided not to travel far for dinner. Con Murphy's was the perfect choice. The menu is filled with the normal bar foods. I ordered the Guinness beef stew. It was good but not as hot as I'd like. The beef, carrots and potatoes were all very soft and easy to eat.
Service was great. The hostess sat us right away and I had no complaints with the waitress/server. They were all very nice and welcoming. I'd come here again.Great atmosphere, food, and service. Stayed at the hotel next door so after walking around the city all day just wanted something good to eat and drink.  It was a little loud, but what do you expect when you come to a bar that has a good amount of people. We were here with our 12 and 10 year old and it was good. This spot was perfect for what we wanted!I was pleasantly surprised by the quality of Con Murphy's Irish Pub's brunch! We chose it because it was near to the hotel where our friends were staying and it took reservations for larger parties for brunch. Great build-your-own omelet, good service, and calm atmosphere.Enjoyed this spot.  It has an outdoor patio that faces Logan Square and the inside is a two-floor space perfectly decorated to fit the Irish theme.  I was seated on the second level.  Both levels have a full bar.  The food was delicious and the service was ok.  The waiter was a little slow and I had to ask for water twice and she did not check back with me timely throughout the meal thus a 3 rating. I will try it again because the food was good, just an off night and slow service.I went to this bar, Ashley was my bartender...me and my wife were in from out of town, she was a fun energetic person. I would recommend this bar everyone! Great selection of whiskey!!!Decent lunch if you are nearby anyway; not worth an extra (transportation) effort though.  Nothing was bad, but little made us go "wow."  We'd patronize Con Murphy's on occasion if we lived or worked in the area, but only if so.  
On the "Parkway", $14 or so will get you a variety of Irish and traditional lunch options, relatively healthy and otherwise.  That our competent waitress spoke with a thick Irish accent was a pleasant surprise.  Dinner menu prices were City-pricey for what you appeared to get, but we only were here for lunch.  
The restaurant was relatively empty on a cold early afternoon on a weekday.  I can picture them being crushed in warmer weather though. A public parking garage adjoins; $41 for a little more than three hours.  Cha-ching.Fantastic Bloody Mary   Friendly wait staff. Caroline was very sweet. Food was excellent, nicely presented,  and served hot and tasty. Salad was light and refreshing and burger was interesting and cooked to perfection. Check in on yelp for a complimentary drink with purchase. Lively atmosphere and attentive staff make for a pleasant lunch.I would say this place is solidly average, nothing mind blowing. You could get some good apps and a nice glass of wine though and I had a very witty Irish waitress that kept us happy. 
I went to cons with a group from work for happy hour. We sat at one of the outdoor tables, ordered some wine and happy hour appetizers. We had the nachos, hummus and the Ruben egg rolls, all were pretty basic and tasted good. 
They have 2 bars, one upstairs and one down, typical Irish Pub decor. The prices aren't bad especially if you hit happy hour.  I wouldn't do dinner here but, happy hour or a quick lunch isn't too bad at Con's.Con Murphy's a a cool spot. It's got a nice outdoor patio that faces Logan Square and the inside is a two-floor space perfectly decorated to fit the Irish theme.
I thought the food was delicious and the bartenders pour a great Guinness. I ordered the short rib nachos, and was pleasantly surprised. My friend got their buffalo wings and said they were among the best he'd tried in the city since moving.
The reason I'm giving a 3-star review is because of service. We started out the night with a great server who was very attentive and told us it was her first week. She seemed nervous, but she was great. When her shift was over, we stayed to drink and listen to the live music. The server who took over was almost impossible to track down. It was almost like our table hadn't been reassigned.The bar was overly loud and despite smoking laws, at points, reeked of cigarette smoke. We ordered two beers and a French dip sandwich and buffalo chicken wrap with no blue cheese to share. 
The French dip was SUPER salty and after coming out covered in blue cheese the first time, my replacement wrap was super light on the chicken. 
To make matters worse, I felt nauseous for the remainder of the night (not sure if this was caused by the food or not, so I'm not figuring it into the star rating).I've been here for lunch a few times and the service is usually pretty slow.  They have also been pretty forgetful and mixed orders up; fries instead of a salad, giving an order to the wrong person kind of stuff.
The menu isn't very large, but has a decent selection.  There have always been a least a couple vegetarian options.   I don't recommend eating here if you're looking for something healthy though.  Also, avoid the veggie burger if you like flavor!  It's very bland, basically rice with some onions in a patty.  The fries are pretty decent.  People I was with enjoyed the fish and chips.  The portions are fairly large.  The soda has been flat every time I've had one there.
The atmosphere is OK, fake Irish pub-y.  The tables and seats upstairs aren't very comfortable.  I'm short but the tables still seems really low to me.  There are a lot of TVs around the place, usually playing sports.I came here on a whim bc I was in the area.  I must say... I really really really enjoyed myself here.  The crowd isn't exactly "my type" but I really enjoyed the service, drinks, and music.  I will return for food soon. Amanda was my bartender and she is an absolute sweetheart (and makes really yummy drinks)!  She accidentally made an error with my credit card but owned up to her mistake and provided excellent service regardless of the error.  I'll definitely be returning (:Sheeeeew where does one begin?? Chose Con's on a whim for some CC Sips, and man oh man was it a winner....From our knowledgeable, outgoing and hilarious bartender Jessica to the dynamite chicken fingers. Jessica made us comfortable from the moment we walked in, unlike the majority of these uppity Center City establishments. What a great experience all around especially for the price...If you're reading this Jess, like Arnold said "I'LL BE BACKKKK"Rude customer service: I went here with a group of friends who were staying at the Windsor Suites after a convention in the city. After putting $3 in the jukebox I was told (not politely) that the jukebox was being shut off because it was getting close to closing time. This in and of itself was no big deal but I was refused my money back after asking "Can I have money back?" Then at 2:10 we  were asked to "Finish up and go" in a rude manner by the bartender; now I understand that bar's in Philadelphia are not allowed to serve after 2am but I was also served a pint at 2:00am, 10 minutes prior. If you want your bar patrons out a reasonable time, call "last call"...don't make your patrons "chug" their drinks. If you don't mind this type of service and like a standard Irish Pub with high prices, this is the place for you.It's a great time for the Irish, thank you Con Murphy's!The best fish and chips in town.  Loved the service.  Friendly and happy.Came here with a friend last night for a few drinks and snacks. Given that the only reason we chose Con Murphy's was due to their online advertised specials of " LATE NIGHT SPECIALS:           EVERY DAY 10PM - CLOSE  " $3 Heneiken, Yuenglings, Coors light and $4 pints all day.. $5 Fries, Chicken Tenders, Loaded Nachos -- and the server did not honor any of these specials, the 2 stars speaks for itself. Either update your website, or honor your specials you advertise -- pretty unacceptable. 
Service wise - our server was a nice, came by at appropriate times to ask us if we wanted another beer and such. 
The chicken tenders at $10 were a joke. Dry on the inside, and no seasoning on the batter at all -- luckily they have salt on the table so I had to douse it with some salt and generously dip in the honey mustard and bbq sauce. Might be worth $5, definitely not the $10.
Wouldn't return without specials based on that experience.For some reason this place is really loud. Didn't bother me. The food was okay. I had the chorizo burger and it was a bit over cooked which made it dry. The malt chips are just house made chips with no malt vinegar flavor at all. Waitress was nice but because I was alone she checked on me once and then after I was done. I would have liked another drink with my meal! Average meal, average service. Probably won't come back, Irish pubs are a dime a dozen.2 for one beers. As George Takei would say "oh my"...  The sound in this place was off the charts.  It was like trying to have an intimate conversation 10 feet away from a rocket blast off.  The apps sucked the high hard one but the main dishes delivered comfort food that I wanted.  I'll give them another chance.Best place you will find in this part of town. I came in for a quick dinner on my last trip to Philly. I ate at the bar, and ended up staying for a few hours, chatting and enjoying the atmosphere. I had the house special burger with Irish bacon. It was great but I was feeling guilty so had a side salad instead of fries. I am a bit of a snob when it comes to Guinness, but this was the best pint I've had in a long time.This is a newly renovated place so it's clean and fairly modern looking. I suspect the owners are appealing to the "macho" guy crowd as decor is a little too austere. I like an Irish pub to have a few nooks and crannies where I can hide out with my husband and people watch and drink too much :) But that's just me! Still, I just couldn't escape the sensation that there's a "boys club" mentality here.  (Very, very inexperienced pretty young servers!) And then there's that "hotel restaurant" feeling that I could not escape. They cook for the Windsor where they're located and so it feels like a "fake" Irish pub, certainly not cozy in any way. I had dinner with my husband on a Friday evening. There were a few men (middle-aged) at the bar and only one other couple eating. Food was OK but meats a little over done. Worse though was the fact that little ingredients were missing from the description on the menu. As though the chef was off that night. And that really annoys me generally. If it's on the menu it should be on my plate. I think details are important. Cocktails were good, Sauvignon Blanc nice. But overall just not worthy of a second visit.I just ordered the loaded nachos to go, and what a disappointment!  I basically paid $10 for tortilla chips.  They put all the ingredients in those tiny salad dressing containers.  What am I going to do with a big container full of tortilla chips with two tablespoons of beans, cheese, and guacamole???  Plus, I wanted melted cheese on my nachos, not cold shredded cheese!  
That being said, I do realize that I ordered nachos from an Irish club.  I really didn't even have high expectations.  I was just craving nachos and needed something close to work.  I won't be making this place my dinner spot for late nights at the office.I live right in Center City in the "Business" district I guess you'd say, and I find there's not many bars around this direct area that have a more "neighborhood" vibe. I usually trek south to drink, but when I am trying to stay closer to home, Con Murph's fills that void for me. Happy Hour gets the corporate crowd, but the weekends and later in the evenings it has a more authentic Irish bar vibe, especially when they have Irish musicians playing on a randam Sunday afternoon. By the way,  I am reviewing it for the bar atmostphere and the drinks, not as much the food as I have not eaten here a ton. The few times I have it's been decent bar food though and the wings are REALLY good (and I am pretty picky about my wings).
I like how it's not too big like Public House or other bars in the area. The staff is always nice. They do a good happy hour and have a good beer selection. The owners are cool and often are working behind the bar or on the floor and make a point to say hi and make sure everything is ok. That goes a long way for me. 
But most of all, my family does a HUGE pub crawl every year and we always end up at Con Murphy's. Liam is always super accommodating and gives us flexible and reasonably drink/food packages for our party. We've never had a problem and always have a good time.  I have a big, crazy family and they make us feel at home and don't judge us....well, not too harshly. I've also set up brunch reservations for a group here, and they didn't mind that we brought our own Irish soda bread. 
Slainte!Food was delicious.  The service was awful!  We were staying at the Windsor Hotel for 2 nights and decided to eat breakfast at Con Murphys.  The first morning the service was slow, but they were a little busy so we overlooked it and decided to try again the next day.  Wrong idea!!  The next morning we stopped in for breakfast again and were happy to see it wasn't as busy and we were seated right away downstairs by the bar.  We had to continually ask for coffee refills all while being forced to listen to the waitresses and bartender complain about everything going "wrong" in the kitchen AND the customers upstairs.  Which makes you wonder what they were saying about us.  You couldn't even carry on a conversation because they were complaining so loudly.  When we finally received the bill and paid cash the waitress decided she deserved to keep the change!!  I could not believe it, even if it was only $.51!!! I didn't even bother to ask for it, I have never in my life had anyone decide to keep the change no matter how little change it is!  Needless to say we will not be going back!My girlfriend and I stopped through this place Saturday night and we loved It, definitely a cool vibe that we weren't expecting. The downstairs bartender Pat was great and made us feel right at home. We're going to come through everytime we're in the area.I had a hunkering for Guinness and Beef Stew, and it hit the spot. The drafts were spot on, and the bread pudding, a.k.a. "spotted dick" on the other side of the Irish Sea, was as spot on as spotted could be. (The whisky sauce really made it worthwhile.) most importantly, my server, Jess, was very sweet. And even the best of meals can made or broken by such a small thing as how your server makes you feel welcome and at home.
So if you happen to ever find yourself in Center City looking for a little pub fare with a little pub flair, be sure to give this place a try.Excellent Shepherds Pie and decent fish and chips if you have a craving. Their bread pudding is quite good as well... but the bar atmosphere is awesome. The beer and spirit selection is great, and Liz, the Bartender, was funny quick attentive and seemed to be constantly in 12 places at once. She get's five stars even though the food gets 4 (quite good but needs a little bit extra something for the full five stars).
If you're ever downtown with nothing to do, the bar is an excellent and lively place to spend an evening hang out and grab a good and filling bite to eat... and pretty much everyone there is up for a chat.Decent place, I like it in warmer weather when you can sit outside and people watch as you eat the standard pub fare.Average at best.  Service is slow, food is below average, drinks are okay.  Happy hour pricing is the best time to go.  Sitting outside is great.  Would probably pass next time I was in Philly.Our first night in Philly we stumbled upon Con Murphy's. The short ribs in Mac and cheese was amazing! Best we've ever had! The waitperson, Nicola, was especially personable and her good service added to an enjoyable evening. We'd go back.The meat loaf wrapped in bacon was unbelievable!  The beer is flowing and I'm coming back for the short ribs mac and cheese!  Nicola K. Was awesome!Nice place!  Located on the Ben Franklin Parkway, steps from Logan Square and the Four Seasons Hotel.  Intimate pub for center city dwellers.  Friendly staff!!  They had a live Irish Band the night I was there.We didn't eat here yet but definitely enjoyed the beer selection during the world meeting. Met a lot of great people here which is what always happens at an Irish pub! Beers were a little expensive, we were charged 8.50 for a draft harp! But the bartenders were fast and friendly and the atmosphere was spot on. Will certainly try a bite next time! 
On a side note, restrooms were clean even though there was a million people in there!!Great beer selection, great food, and great seating options (inside and outside). The only thing I'd note is that they appeared to be a tad understaffed the day we were in there, so service was a touch slow. That was the only bad thing about the visit.Horrible hostess, horrible waitress. They lack on good service here. We were waiting at the door for 10min, the place is not busy, the waitress walked by several times didn't say a word, the hostess looked me twice in the eyes and seem to not acknowledge the fact she had costumes. And food is food when u are hungry. Not much to say about that.Excellent venue to view the procession in the evenings on BF Pkwy.  Outdoor seating available to view the parade of tragic city residents walking their dogs or boyfriends and out of town visitors.  Food was great and cocktail and martinis made to perfection but overall a distraction was provided when the starters were either forgotten or arrived with the  main course.  Typical for Philadelphia to the point where I order apps and starters first then the  main course to avoid this curse.  Despite that, will be back again!Good chicken fingers here and fun to spend St.Patty's day here!  Good neighborhood bar feel and the staff is friendly enough.  Small downstairs so remember there is a bar upstairs! CheersSelected another establishment from Yelp. Way to crowded. Walked past Con Murphy's and looked at menu. Guinness stew caught my eye. Walked in and had a 10 min wait for table, visited bar and they have excellent draught list. I got the Guinness stew and was fantastic. Other people around me ordered various items and all looked great.  Glad I found this place in errorI do not write reviews unless a place really stands out.  We first visited Con Murphy's when recently visiting Philadelphia.  We were both very tired and it happened to be connected to our hotel.  We did not know anything about it, but decided to try it.  it was happy hour and we had to wait 10 min., but our hostess, Yarisa,  let us know beforehand  and when our table was ready she let us know immediately.  She was very appreciative for us waiting and apologized for the wait.  It was a good start.  
We would have been happy with just some simple, fresh food that was well cooked but were pleasantly surprised by the food.  We were on vacation and had eaten at a couple of very fancy highly reviewed restaurants and had a couple of delicious but very expensive meals. I honestly have to say (and I expressed this to our waitress and then to the manager) that my meal (the Grouper Picatta) was every bit as wonderful as the fancy meals that we had and that they must have a really great chef.  My husband had a delicious burger as well.  The portion sizes were very generous.  I could not finish my review of our dinner unless I also mentioned our really lovely waitress, Mariah Jo.  It was very busy that night and I had a lot of questions, but she was very patient and also very attentive.  It was a great meal after a difficult day.  In addition, the manager came over after our dinner to thank us for telling Mariah Jo how much we liked the dinner.  When I told him that I thought he had a great chef, he said that he really looked hard to find a good one and this one moved all the way from South Carolina to be the chef there.  It showed!
I would also like to say that we came back for breakfast the next day before leaving for home.  My breakfast was just as wonderful and customized to my taste (substitutions) and perfectly cooked.  I had the eggs benedict salmon florentine with tomato instead of the english muffin and asparagus instead of the potatoes.  My waitress, Rory, took great trouble coming up with the right vegetable to substitute for the potatoes to go well with my order. The hollandaise sauce was especially good and not too goppy as some can be.  I was not hungry for the long ride home which was almost 4 hours.  My husband enjoyed his pancakes as well.
This is just a pub but I think anyone who visits Philadelphia or lives there should try it, for the delicious food and the gracious service!  We will definitely go back the next time we are in Philly, but it might be hard to try a different selection from the menu, because I might want to order the same things again!Interesting that some of the reviews have been okay to poor. My experience was very good. Thoroughly enjoyed the murphy fries..an interesting, and very tasy version of cheese fries..cheese fondue..the shepherd's pie was different from what I have had in Southern Ireland but likewise very good. The lamb is in more of a stock sauce (read light gravy) and no tomato hint..an interesting variation. Service was exemplary, and the bartender very professionally got rid of a rowdy drunk at the bar who was bent on singing 'i just called to say I love you'.   Will definitely return to try some of the other intriguing menu items!Good location, okay prices, okay food. In fairness, we did not get the Irish fare because we were leaving the next day on this very short stop in Philly and weren't sure if we were going to have time to get a cheesesteak at one of the recommended places, so three of us ordered the cheesesteak. It was just a sandwich. The truffled mac and cheese was tasty though no truffle flavor could be detected. The reuben was pretty good. Outdoor seating had a nice view on a breezy late spring day. p.s. We were able to get cheesesteaks from Jim's the next day and they were delicious!The first of whst is sure to be many cheese steak sandwiches this weekend. Very tasty on a great roll. The pork diablo was outstanding as well with fresh sliced avocado and pineapple with a nice zesty pork.  Also had a nice selection of draught beersHorrible service. I sat down and it took 15 minutes for someone to ask me what I wanted and that was when I asked for the menu first. Then, about 10 minutes after I ordered someone else came out and asked me again what I ordered because they forgot to put it in. Took off!Great spot on the Ben Franklin parkway, cool set up and environment. Had the cheese plate as an app and was pleasantly surprised with the spread that came out! Soooo good.  Had to finish the meal with the creme brûlée, of course.  Definitely give this place a try!Great service, food was good, atmosphere was great; nice little Isaiah bar feel. Was here early on a Friday evening, so everything was on time. Wings were great. Scallops on bacon-wrapped appetizer were small, but good. 
Lost a star because they didn't accept my 15% Yelp discount for Yelp check-in. Really didn't explain to me why not.This is for late night only. Beer selection good. Am ice okay. Late night menu was lacking.Ordered room service.  It was ok.  I don't like the fact that they use egg substitute in the omelete.  I would like real eggs if I'm paying 12 bucks and than try to charge you 1.50 for egg whites.  Do not charge 3.00 for 1/2 cup of Juice with ice in it.I was very disappointed with the food at this restaurant.  I was in from out of town and decided to eat here because it was right next door to my hotel.  I ordered the Shepard Pie.  After 3 bites I started to taste a bitter aftertaste; bitter and almost citrusy. I decided to smell the dish and something just didn't seem right.  Needless to say I stopped eating immediately.  I let the server know and she took the dish away. When she brought the check they didn't charge me for the dish.  The server was really nice, as was the hostess. Unfortunately the food just wasn't good. :-(Watered down alcohol.  Do not ask for shots. Service is not the best. Only good for their 3$ coors lightsI came here with a craving for nachos.  They were beautiful, but had no delicious flavoring.  I got it with the beef chili, which tasted closer to loose meat sandwiches than any chili I have ever had.Thursday nite around 9 o'clock my wife and I are having late dinner we stop here and decide to eat at the outside seating waitress sat us right away took our drink orders coke n ice tea when she returned she took our order we both ordered fish n chips and artichoke and spinach dip for appetizer the appetizer arrived with warm pita bread(never had the pita warmed before we really enjoyed that lil extra touch) the dip was very generous and creamy very flavor full by the time we finished our fish and chips arrived 2 health portions of cod on a bed of well seasoned fries very delicious very nice experience and a great view while you dineDefjitly waters down their hard liquors.....Ordered a gin and tonic and it tasted like watered down tonic without gin. Got an Irish whiskey on the rocks and it was so filled to the brim with ice that it just became watered down whiskey. We ordered some fries hoping that at least the food would be ok.. . The fries were over salted and soggy. The fondue cheese dip did not compliment at all with the fries. Overall a bad experience.. Also the waitress charged a different bill on my card and had to void it......Typical pub food and drinks, it's nothing special but it's always a dependable spot.Not good food. Table service was fine. Burger burnt, sausage shriveled, daughter threw up pancakes on way home, egg benedict had crusty sauce. Find elsewhere.Had lunch here with a co-worker because many reviews were positive. My salad had rotting lettuce in it and his "tuna melt" was half an English muffin with tuna and cheese. not worth the price. service was mediocre... the place had half the tables empty and we were still unable to catch our waitress for more ketchup.Awesome place! Stopped here for dinner while in town for a conference. Had the salmon burger and flourless chocolate cake. One of the best salmon burgers I've had. Super fresh, not fishy and not overcooked. 
Love the outdoor seating ~ cute tables in front of the restaurant. Transports me back to Europe instead of Philly!The service was great. Kara was super friendly and answered all our questions regarding the menu.  Happy our food came out super hot and very delicious. Will be returning again.My friend lived right around the corner from this place so we thought we should check it out. Being a bar, i didn't expect the food to be out of this world- but it was better than my expectations. It's been a while since I had chicken tenders that weren't frozen. The downside is that it is more expensive than your average bar food.
Another downside was the service, water was almost never refilled and I had to basically hunt someone down in order to place our order. I feel like they really could have cared less if we were there or not. The downside to having to track down a server is when you finally get a hold of one you don't have the luxury to ask questions- you have to kind of know what you want order it ask for water and hot sauce and all of that stuff all at once. You literally may never see her again if you don't get all of your questions/requests out of the way.
I think the frustrating part about the service was that it wasn't even that they were particularly busy. The server just acted like we weren't a priority and would often stand in the corner on the other side of the room.
On the other hand, I feel like it was difficult for our server to hear us because the music was so loud. Don't get me wrong I love live music, it just might have been too loud and we couldn't really hear ourselves think- let alone have our waitress hear us.
Bottom line, if you want food you should come here just don't expect anything wonderful.I had the great fortune of stumbing upon Con Murphy's and booking a surprise 30th birthday party with them.  I booked the party a few months in advance.  I worked with Liam, who was incredibly helpful in making the party a great success.  The week before the party, I dropped off photos to be displayed on the food table.  The staff at Con Murphy's set everything up in time for the guests to arrive - it looked great.  I also was able to bring cupcakes for the event at no extra charge.
I ordered from their events menu - a few buffet style platters.  There was plenty of food for the guests (about 50 people) and everybody said the food was great! The bartenders were friendly and easily kept up with our crowd.  I reserved the upstairs for the party, which was perfect.  There were plenty of tables for those who wanted to sit, and the area was the ideal size for our group.  We had the entire upstairs to ourselves for a majority of the evening.  Later in the night, the DJ set up on the second floor, which led to a great dance party. I would highly recommend Con Murphy's to anyone planning a party.  Liam and the rest of his staff were so easy to work with and very accommodating to anything I needed to make the evening special.  I will definitely be booking future events at Con Murphy's!!Chicken pot pie is amazing... NFL beer specials :) and bacon wrapped meatloaf. Service was great.  Must try. Its not just your average pub :)Excellent food. Good portion size with their fish and chips. Would gladly go back when I return to PhiladelphiaA sweet treat in the heart of Philadelphia.
Thoroughly enjoyed the short rib nachos and the the food left us full and very pleased.Service was attentive and the breakfast was delicious. Nothing remarkable but I enjoyed the atmosphere. My only complaint was the breakfast sausage tasted like it had been reheated from the prior day. Otherwise, great deal for the $$$.Not only am I a huge fan of Con Murphy's, but so is my company. Con Murphy's is located on the parkway around the corner from my office so when employees go through new hire training, this is where the company takes them to celebrate the completion of training week. As an Irish Bar, the menu contains a few of the expected items (shepherds pie, beef stew, etc.) but also contains some great American food. I've tried the salmon BLT and the fish and chips- both were delicious! They give you a lot of food here so expect to leave with leftovers. The prices are very reasonable for the quality of food you're getting. 
The atmosphere is great because it feels like a comforting local bar but once you step out the doors, you are located right in the heart of Philly, just a couple blocks to City Hall. Con Murphy's has a huge drink menu with great martinis. Although I haven't experienced it, I know they do have live music on occasion. I like how the restaurant is 2 floors with a bar on each floor. They also offer outdoor seating, perfect if the weather permits. I'll definitely be back here when I want to treat myself.Great Pub food wonderful service and fair prices we had a wonderful time.
Special thanks to our wonderful server Elise.Came here for sips the first time. The second I came for dinner with my dad and the good was phenomenal. The server wasn't overly friendly but she want terrible. Tonight, I came again for sips and got the hummus. Best hummus I've ever had. Highly recommended.Great atmosphere and especially food! Shepherds pie was only made better by Nicola's great service.Had a work happy hour fund raiser. Great folks to work with and the mini spread we did was great. The chicken tenders are awesome. The cheese spread was fancy and delicious. Would go back again .Corner Irish pub. Not too shabby. Good live music on some days. A small place with very few tables but does have place to sit outside, so not so bad. Small bar too which makes it a bit claustrophobic.
Drinks- Cocktails are not strong enough. Not many choices on tap. Whisky choices are alright. Below expectation for an Irish pub.
Food- Don't come here for breakfast or brunch, not many options. Good for a bite in the evening or late dinner. They serve nachos which are not half bad. Veggie burger is a delight. 
Prices are decent and location is good considering its in center city. More crowded than the restaurant across it so probably better than the other one.
Do give it a try but can't vouch it will be a great experience overall.I got the blackened fish tacos and they were great! Good beer and all the food I've tried so far has been awesome.Service: 5++ stars!!
A group of my friends came here to celebrate an engagement. Even though the dining area was not open, they made an exception for us. The owner/manager was even kind enough to buy us all a shot on the house. 
Decor: 5 stars
Upon entering, the is a mailbox like area where you can charge your phone while you dine. This is a great idea that every restaurant should have! Not only will your date/friend not be on the phone the whole night, but your phone will be charged so you won't run out of battery when you need to Uber home. 
Food: 4 stars
Generous portions!! I ordered the Philly cheesesteak, and bread pudding. It was amazing. My friends ordered shepherd's pie and were given such big portions that the whole table shared them. 
Drinks: 5 starsVery good food & service, extensive menu & beer list...I'll definitely be back.  Although I've walked by this place maybe a thousand times, I never really had any desire to stop in. (Typical Irish pubs in and around Philly just aren't my thing).  One night, in a search for a quick pre-Franklin Institute dinner, I'm very glad to have tried it.  It was completely not what I was expecting, and a really great alternative to other bars & restaurants nearby, which have turned out to be too packed, too high-end, too simple, or too chainy.Boyfriend and I were walking around philly when we saw Con Murphy. We decided to stop in for dinner. It was a Saturday night and the bar area was packed. We were seated upstairs. The dinning area upstairs had a romantic feel to it. The food was very good and the staff was very friendly.Don't order the spinach dip or the veggie burger. Both were subpar. I can't speak to the rest of the menu. The fries looked good. It's a nice place for a drink later in the evening for that area. The music was blaring inside so outside was really the only option.Stopped by as close place to hotel we were staying at after reading Yelp reviews.  Found food to be as indicated...good but not five stars.  However, found service to be much better than indicated in other reviews.  Kitchen made mistake on my steak order....medium rather than rare.  When I brought it to attention of our waitress she apologized, took it away immediately and came back to let me know another was being prepared.  She apologized a number of times and offered a free dessert ( which we accepted) to help make up for mistake in the order.  
Bottom line  ...  Cozy pub atmosphere, good standard food, and very nice, attentive  wait staff.Was staying at the hotel where the pub is located. Very moderate price and convenient for hotel stayers. Well, Honestly, in the beginning why I went was because I get miles for spending money their on my AA ADVANTAGE program.
But ended up enjoying the stay at the bar two day's in a row, since they had a wide variety of beers and friendly staff's.
My colleagues ordered wings and burger which looked very good. Will drop by the next time I'm in Philly again to try their food!Bartender was extremely rude. The irony was that behind him was a giant sign saying "There are no strangers here, jsut friends who havent met yet." Went back to the room.Love this Pub!  There's such a cozy atmosphere and the food is really good!  I find the Fish and Chips and the sweet potato fries to be my favorites!!  The breakfast and brunch are also prepared just right.  During the warmer months there's outdoor seating.  My friends and I always get wonderful service.Enjoyed my meal here. Had the Philly cheesesteak, which was surprisingly good! Great atmosphere and location. My server was also very prompt and the refills were quick/frequent. Overall a good experience!Waitress could have cared less that we were there which was most unfortunate. 
Old Murphys fries were a great appetizer and their homemade chips that came with my entree were good as well.
Philly cheesesteak is nothing special and I wouldnt recommend it to anyone.
The two stars here come from the convenient location near our hotel and the atmosphere inside of the place. Apart from that... Nothing special here worth going back for.A great, reliable, go-to Shop Local participant that gives 6% cash back when you link your card (credit, debit...I prefer the latter) to the SHOP·COM mobile app...
Really terrific lineup of brews, wines, spirits and cocktails. I love their flat iron steak and shepherd's pie. Great happy hour specials (particularly half off selected appetizers and $4 Stellas!), live performers right there by the staircase. 
It's even got additional restrooms that you can access through the always lovely and sophisticated Windsor condo right next door!  There's a nice lounge for you to unwind and even hook your laptop to. 
Despite all of these wonderful amenities, the greatest and simplest pleasure of all when I walk into C-Murph is a couple of pints of Guinness (on nitro!)...there's just something truly truly satisfying about having my first stout love...Stopped in 6/8/15 I just happened to be in Philadelphia on a business trip and found this little gem great atmosphere and the staff has a great a attitude and is very attentive to your needs.Worst cocktails ever. Skinny blonde could benefit by going to bar tending school or something. Not sure if she thought I was drunk or just didn't want to make a solid drink. Maybe she was just having a bad day but it was not very good to say the least bit.  My gf ordered the fall sangria which was tasty.  Like a pineapple juice or a caprisun is. 
On another note the whole time we were there, she was talking to her friend hard to get her attention. One of the reasons we were only there for 20 mins. Empty place which I liked, but terrible customer service. 
Anyways hate to rant but there are many bars within waking distance that I wished I had gone too. Only been here one will not be going back.Stopped by on Cinco de Mayo because the idea of going to anyplace Mexican seemed insane (i.e. Mexican Post was a nightmare). Outdoor seating is very good - lots of tables and good people watching. Their happy hour specials were decent. Our server was a bit frazzled, but that's expected given the "holiday". Had the fries - dusted with old bay and a side of beer cheese sauce. Tasty and crunchy!This is in regards to my only visit there on New Year's Day afternoon for brunch. I live right around the corner so my friends and I decided we wanted food the next morning after all the NYE festivities. We didn't journey very far. We were greeted immediately and sat at a high table by the window with one side having a long high table bench. I'm way too short to be scooting and sitting down on this but we all adjusted. The waitress came over to greet us and my friend asked her if breakfast was still being served and she gave a vague answer. We soon saw that the table next to us who couldn't have come that much earlier got the breakfast menu and orders! This was very annoying as we only had to pick from the lunch menu of burgers, sandwiches, or pasta.
Our waitress hardly came over to check on us, glasses were often empty, and she I didn't pay attention most of the time. This may have been due to the super LOUD live music that was playing. This was New Year's Day afternoon mind you. Do they really think people want to hear loud random songs? It was a constant mix of genres and tempo with no regards to any preset list.... Just not good ambiance when you're trying to have a conversation and eat your food. 
Our food finally arrived and it was satisfactory. I got the breaded Mac n cheese and it was definitely as described. Crunchy on top and hooray inside and pretty good once topped with hot sauce. The meal was on the more expensive side for pub food. 
My experience would probably be better had I gone in the evening for drinks or in the summer for their lovely outdoor seating. Perhaps on my next visit.Ordered fish and chips as a pick-up order.  So disappointed.  Now, partly it's my fault for not getting there in 5 minutes instead of the 15-20 minutes that the hostess approximated.  Still, I arrived early, only to find that my order was ready and had been sitting there for who knows how long.  When I opened the container, which was about 30 seconds later, the fish was completely soggy, and the fries were even soggier, even wet.  There were droplets of water in the container from all the condensation that had built up while my order was just sitting around.  And on top of it all, they forgot the tartar sauce.  Sigh...I'm not considering the place as a sports bar, but as the only choice for breakfast without going outside from the Windsor Suites. There are multiple tv sceens with endless commericals and occasional bits of sports.
at 8:30 in the morning our rather simple orders of bacon and eggs were the only ones the kitchen had to deal with. It took 20+ minutes for the eggs and toast to arrive cold, bacon and potatoes lukewarm. They were delivered by a man from the upstairs kitchen. No waitress (two were working) was visible to ask for jelly (eventually we each got a pack of marmalade, though there were two pats of butter on each plate).Horrible service sat outside no one came for a long time and when they did they where hesitant to give us a menu because we where outside... def would say go somewhere else to eat don't even give it a chanceWould give 5 stars but service staff seems a bit confused and disorganized this morning for brunch. 3 people walked past after we entered saying someone would be with us before someone actually stopped and greeted us. Our waitress could have been a bit more attentive too. I needed a spoon for coffee and waited a bit to get a bar straw to stir my coffee. 
Confusing service aside, the Irish breakfast and mimosa and coffee were FAB!Decent place to drop in for some beers and burgers.
Surprisingly good chicken Caesar salad for an Irish bar.We went here on Saturday night because my boyfriend was doing an Acoustic Duo set from 8-12am with a friend. It was such a good time. The staff were really nice and the crowd was awesome. They have both upstairs/downstairs seating. It seems like this place is not baby/handicap friendly. Downstairs, there is only high top/bar seating. I saw a group come in and they had to carry their baby and stroller upstairs. Our waitress was super nice and attentive. They had some drink specials while we were there ($2 bud lights, $4 yuenglings). They also have numerous food specials. I opted for the house salad, sausage and pepperoni flat bread, and the apple crisp dessert. They ran out of the sausage so i just got the pepperoni flatb read instead but all the food was delicious. The boyfriend got the buttermilk fried chicken sandwich and enjoyed it was well. It was a HUGE sandwich and came with fries. We'll definitely be back!The chicken fingers were yum, but the service was dismal and the server outright ignored someone's food allergy. This place seems to attract a younger, more obnoxious crowd. Or maybe I'm just starting to get old.The menu is full of your typical pub food, but the quality is significantly higher than it needs to be. A pleasant surprise.So here's the thing with Con Murphy's - its really hit or miss.  I have dined here so many times because I work at 1650 Arch and Con Murphy's is super close for an after work drink or dinner, we even go here for our new hire lunch.  I HATE how the service, food, and atmosphere fluctuates with every visit which why I'm giving this spot 2 stars.  
I love the chicken fingers and the chick sandwich, however, its always 50/50 if I'm going to get it and its going to arrive with the chicken perfectly cooked and delicious or burnt and dry and literally inedible.  For $13 for 4 chicken fingers and $15 for a chicken sandwich it deserves to be perfect every single time.
Same goes with the service...I've had super attentive and accommodating wait staff and also servers who forget you exist.  
It also gets extremely crowded during happy hour. So crowded you can barely walk through and the specials here are nothing compared to Smiths and nearby Irish pubs, even Mace's Crossing next door.  
Side note: I came here for Saint Patty's day and the live music was subpar and the specials were decent at best, if I could go back in time, I would have gone elsewhere. 
For the price, you decide if the hit or miss risk is worth it! I'm not saying I won't be back considering it's convenient spot, but I am saying I would rather go to 500 different places in the city before this one.Food was just ok, a little bland, had the mac & cheese. The service was good. Prices were reasonable, waitress was very friendly. It's worth a second visit.Against my better judgement, I visited Con Murphy's after reading Yelp reviews that consistently described the service and food as mediocre. Guess what? I received mediocre service and food. With such a great location, it's a shame that Con Murphy's doesn't deliver friendly and fast service. I was seated right away but my server was not very attentive or friendly. I ordered the cheesesteak, which was edible, but not one of the better restaurant variations I've had. I had to flag her down for more ketchup as she chatted with another server at the bar. The margarita was really good and only $5 due to their happy hour special. Another good thing, is that I got 15% off my meal for checking in on the Yelp app. Since I was dining alone, the view from Con Murphy's prime location at the corner of 17th & the Parkway made for great people watching. It's a shame that the view was the most exciting thing about my experience.Very loud, and the food mediocre. The waitress was asked to recommend a dark beer and pointed out Sierra Nevada Pale Ale...ummm.This place rules! We waited out a blizzard at the bar and the staff was super friendly and fun! Amanda and Lauren were awesome and made the night really fun! We highly recommend this place for the hospitality and delicious food and beer selection!2.5 stars would be better but since I can't do that, I'm going with 2. For having so much space, Con Murphy's actually somehow feels pretty cramped. I'm not sure how that's possible, but I feel like no matter where you are, you're struggling to get out of a table or straining to see a tv or something like that.
While the food was pretty good actually, the service was really slow, which seems to be a pretty common theme in these reviews. Our waitress also got our order wrong so someone else from the kitchen came out and confirmed our order (it was totally wrong). There was confusion over where we would be seated, whether there was a discount because someone lived in the building, etc. Just a lot of confusion. 
Also, as we were leaving at 10pm on a Saturday night, the faces of every single person in the half-empty bar were just looked depressed and empty. Could have been the godawful football game that we had all come there to watch though.Nice staff, so-so food. Nothing exceptional, at least not the fish and chips.  The two pieces of fish looked exactly like two over-sized egg rolls.....very odd.Tourist Haven. Bro hangout.  D-bag central.
All of the above describe Con Murphy's.  It's like a Public House wannabe and we all know what a shit-show PH is.
They have your standard Bud Light/Miller Light/Yuenling on tap, but nothing stood out as interesting.  The place was crowded during happy hour on a Friday and I really can't seem to figure out why.  Perhaps it's the location?  
The food is standard pub fare.  My husband and I had the corn dog appetizers which weren't terrible, but weren't great either.  My wine tasted like it had come from a bottle that had been open for a few days - yum.
If you're from Philly, you should know better than to go here.  If you're not, then at least you have an excuse.Saturday night visit near the hotel we were staying at. Definitely a mistake. Food was poor quality. I ordered a roast beef sandwich. The beef was extremely dry and bordered on the inedible. My husband's medium-well burger had a red center. 
They are very disorganized.
I gave it an extra star for location.Came here for lunch because it was part of the UPromise Dining Program.  If I wanted to come just for drinks, this place would be ok.  But I'd stay away from the food.
The special mushroom soup was extremely salty almost to the point of being inedible.  The special sea bass with risotto was a nice size piece for $15, but was overdone on each side.  The risotto was bland.
Service was ok and slow.  The restaurant was not busy at all at lunch time.  I can see why now.
As I said, stick to the drinks but avoid the fruit flies that tried to eat my lunch.  Maybe I should have let them.Stopped by for breakfast. Way to expensive for food I can get at a diner.  For the price of the meal I was expecting something really good. Will not be back for breakfast. 
       Nice decor,  friendly staff.This place was decent, but not great.  We sat on the second level, and even though it didn't seem like the place was too busy, it was very loud.  I had spinach and artichoke soup, which was fine but very rich and tasted a bit like canned soup; and crab meatballs, which were very good.  My brother had a philly cheese steak, which he wasn't impressed with, but I don't really put a lot of stock in what he has to say about food because he really only eats five thing (really, it's weird).  
I don't know if I'd ever go out of my way to go here, but since we were staying in the attached hotel, it was handy to have.Great brunch and great service! With as crazy as it was this weekend, we had prompt service, that was courteous and friendly! The food was delicious with many great options to choose from! We highly recommend Con Murphy's!!Great local spot with a good beer selection. Bartenders Pat and Jess were super helpful with finding a beer I'd like. Chicken tendies are the bomb.Wound up stumbling on this place walking around with a few friends. We work for the airlines and travel constantly, so we usually know how to pick out the great hangouts. And we found it. The food was good, usual pub grub. But it was the service that shined. Our waitress Nicola was extremely attentive and anticipated our needs. Fast drink service!! Will definitely  be back on our next layover and recommending this place and Nicola to the incoming crews.The food here was good and the bar was decorated in Irish decor. I got the cheeseburger which was HUGE, I could barley fit my mouth around it. Sarah got the crab cake burger and it was also huge but equally delicious! It is very small, and the acoustics are so poor that it's hard to hear. We also got the truffle fries but they were a bit over cooked and very very small pieces, not like normal fries. The menu was small and lacked variety, especially if you are a vegetarian. They also had 2 TV's on displaying soccer games.Seats more than it looks. Two levels. Had the chips/salsa and hummus plates with Irish beer on the 4th of July. Only in America! Restaurant was packed and service was quick.Came here for happy hour/dinner. Food was just okay. Would recommend the Mac and cheese as well as their fries. They recently added a mozzarella bites app to their menu and those were delicious as well! Spicy marinara was not spicy at all, but tasted good. They did come out lukewarm though. This place had great honey mustard, but I would pass on the chicken tenders. Great location. If the weather is nice, definitely ask for a table outside! Perfect spot for people watching. They had beer specials too for happy hour."Oh look!  A new pub on the ground floor of my building!  How wonderfully convenient!"
Convenient, yes.  Worthwhile, no.
First visit (first week of opening): my bf had the Pork Belly Cubano, and I had the Brie Omelette.  Overall, mediocre--not terrible, not great, just enough food to fill our stomachs.  Service was occasional, but since we were the only table that wasn't surprising.
Second visit (~2 -3 weeks later): My bf and I ordered fish & chips.  Food takes a little while to get to the table--probably because the chef was shmoozing with three girls by the bar.  Tried the chips--good, not great; the side of red cabbage slaw (I think that's what it was)--pretty tasty; the fish..."Hmm, I thought it was going to be a big fish fillet instead of sticks. (Break open a piece) Oh wait....this isn't fish.  This is chicken."  Bf starts breaking into his food to discover it's chicken, too.
The chef comes to our table: "Sorry, that's actually chicken."
Me: "Yes, I noticed."
So they take the food away and bring back fish & chips.  Oh, the disappointment.  The actual fish sticks were smaller than the chicken strips.  Oh, and they don't have malt vinegar for the fish & chips.
My bf mentioned the mistake to the owner, who was nice enough to buy us a glass of wine each and chat for a little while.  But in the end, we concluded Con Murphy's is not worth the time or money.My husband and I had lunch here on Halloween. The food and service were both amazing! We split buffalo chicken wings and the fries with cheese fondue. The fries were AMAZING. Easily large enough for two people to share as a good sized snack. The wings were very meaty and had a great flavor. 
Secondly, I left my phone on the table by accident and management continuously worked with me to make sure I got it back -- a real class act. I would highly recommend this place if you are visiting Philadelphia!This is one of my favorite spots in the city. The chicken fingers are absolutely delightful. 
Jessica is the bar maid I see on my lunch break, if you need a perfectly poured guiness and a good laugh this is the place!I had lunch here a several months back when they had bacon-wrapped meatloaf available as a lunch special. Yes, meat loaf, but with BACON... and it was fantastic! I am only saddened by the fact that it is no longer available as a lunch special, and can only be ordered for dinner.
Please, PLEASE, PRETTY PLEASE at least let it be ordered for lunch and you will have me coming back for more!I really enjoyed this place, and even though I've only been to Ireland once, it reminded me of being over there.
My date and I came here on a Friday around 7 PM and did not have to wait that long for a table, maybe 15 minutes. Be forewarned that it is a very small place, so call ahead if you definitely want a seat on a Friday night. We didn't see the upstairs, but the downstairs is really intimate and inviting. It has to be, with the way floor space is so limited.
The tap selection was pretty decent, with everything you'd expect from an Irish pub like Guinness and Smithwick's to a selection of about 4 craft beers. I ordered the fish and chips, my date got the shepard's pie. The two words that best describe our food would be generous and authentic. The portions are on the larger side of the scale, which again makes this place feel like an authentic public house. Our food was really delicious; it wasn't pretentious or overly complicated. It was filling, comforting, and has like that nice "meat and potatoes" quality of old-school Irish cooking.
The wait staff was constantly busting their butts trying to keep everyone served, but they didn't communicate that to the guests. Our Irish waitress was incredibly charming and our other server was quick and polite. For the amount of people in the place, I definitely felt welcomed. 
Con Murphy's was a really great place for a cheap, warm, good Irish meal. I can't say I'd take a party of 8 here, but I'd definitely recommend it to a couple or a small family looking for a pint and a little warmth on a winter night.Average Irish pub with good beers and a solid cheesesteak. I am not sure if its because I went there on a Sunday night (albeit it was St. Patty's weekend), but it seemed pretty dead.  Nothing screams Irish pub more than corporate strip mall. The few people that were there did seem to be having a pretty swell time, although they were probably seeing triple by that point. Cmon Eileen!!!A first-class, upscale pub. Outstanding food that ranges the gamut, from a burger and fries to excellent seafood dishes. Great beer choices, a good tap system, excellent service. These people know how to run a pub.I had a horrible experience with this restaurant ordering take out. The food was a mixture ok and really good. I found it a bit overpriced. The hummus was great. The chicken BLT was dry, the fruit cup was laughably small. We also ordered a bread pudding which we never received yet were charged.  Our original bill was $74. With the delivery fee and tip we gave $80. 
After we realized we did not receive all of our order, we contacted the restaurant and were treated extremely rude. 
To add insult to injury, the manager never found our original ticket to verify it nor did the delivery person provide a receipt. In an attempt to correct the problem the manager presented a new receipt with the wrong total, missing items we did order and receive and with the wrong time! I'm not an idiot. This was an altered ticket with a new total of $63.00. Either I'm out of a dessert or someone just stole a $20 delivery tip. On top of it being treated so rudely I warn you all to...
Eat at your own risk!Service was a bit on the slow side, but the food definitely made up for it! The crab cake salad I ordered hit the spot. Also a cool feature- they had small lockers where you could charge your devices worry-free.I called at 4:30 and was able to easily get a reservation for a group of 6 at 6:30 on a Friday. When we got there, our table was ready and waiting for us! The atmosphere was too loud for my tastes, even though our table was upstairs away from the bar-- it was hard to hear people talking at my table. The service was good but not great-- we had to wait 15+ minutes between when our drinks came and when they actually came to take our orders. However, once our orders were placed, the food came quickly and was delicious. Our group had the Philly cheese steaks (including one special order, which was handled well), a burger, and the chicken pot pie (5 stars for taste, but it was odd-- just a bowl of very soupy "filling" and a puff pastry triangle on top. Not was I expected, but still tasty)."No strangers here only friends that haven't met yet." Tastefully adorns the wall above the entrance. Nice. Very friendly staff. Solid location. Bar none atmosphere. If I could travel through time I imagine Id run into Ben Franklin hanging out here.We stayed at the Windsor Suites so this was a really convenient place to eat! We went for breakfast AND dinner and both were yummy! It has a nice old school pub vibe, and they have a band at night. Prices are reasonable.Came here with a big group of friends to hang out the night before a wedding. A buddy of mine recommended it as a great place to relax and have a few drinks (aka ground floor of his hotel). 
It was empty aside from a couple, a pair of girls at the bar, and some random old guy who talked to everyone. Our group of about 15-20 people pretty much filled the place, so you would think they would be really nice to us, right? Every single person who went up to order got attitude from the bartender. At one point, he ignored me to flirt with a customer.. and then mixed up the drink order. Why am I not surprised?
Anyhow, I didn't get a chance to try the food, but the menu didn't have anything that really piqued my interest. The big let down is that for an Irish Pub, they don't seem to have a whole lot of selection of beer or whiskey. Sadly, they didn't have my favorite British beer, Boddington, either. Seemed like "Irish" was added to lure the unknowing... 
It wasn't until later we put it all together that the sole bartender (they should have more than one, right??) was the problem. The highlight of the night was when one of my buddies and I go up to the bar and try to order a drink and he asks us about this tab he has open. Doesn't know the name. Doesn't know what he looks like. Just has a partial card number... *and* knows that they guy closed his tab, signed for it, and left... but someone else told him to keep it running and he did! He couldn't even remember what the second guy looked like. Yet, he was asking us for some reason?! Needless to say, we spent some serious money that night. Some more than others apparently... We decided to move our festivities elsewhere for the other nights.. and won't be coming back again. 
If you find yourself in the area and must get a drink here, save yourself a potential headache and bring cash.I came here with some friends after a meeting. The service was excellent with food coming out pretty quickly after I ordered it. I got a cheesesteak which was absolutely amazing, but I would give Con Murphy's a 4/5 if it hadn't been for the wonderful hostess that seated us. I believe her name was Mary, but she was one of the most friendly and bubbly hostess' i've ever come across. Con Murphy's is lucky to have Mary!This was a fun location and pretty good food. The Philly Cheesesteak was ok but they had tons of other really delicious looking food. Eating outside was awesome!This places deserves a 1.5, but I rounded up...
Thankfully our group of 10 checked in on Facebook so we got a buy-two, get-one-free deal on our drinks. But that was about it...
We definitely gave this place business, as I was here with my family vacationing. So, you figure, two or three nights of 10-15 people drinking for 2 or 3 hours straight- that really rings up the bill! But, unfortunately, the bartender (or manager perhaps?) does not know how to keep the alcohol flowing...correctly. 
Shots were absolutely watered down; the waitress even brought them back to show the bartender after she smelled them herself. Also, they charged us for two drinks that were incorrectly made.
I'd rather get my drank on at a place where I know the alcohol is actually alcohol, and when they card consistently, not just "when my manager is looking." Oops.The rudeness and unfriendly attitudes made for an unpleasant experience. The food and drinks were fine but not worth the attitude.Excellent staff, good food and attentive service.I have never felt so at home so far away! The service from the bartenders to the managers was top notch and I will make sure to come back when I visit philly again!Con Murphy's:
I ordered a burger with the works, which was perfectly cooked and flavorful. A+ for that. My partner ordered the chicken burger, which also looked delicious. The rotating tap selection includes interesting beer choices which I do not see featured in many other bars. 
 Overall, I was pleased with my meal, until it was time to order dessert, which is why you are receiving only 3 stars. 
I adore Key Lime pie, so ordered it to take home.  At $7per slice, I was expecting a nice sized portion, and taste to be on par with the rest of my meal. I was thoroughly disappointed to receive a tiny sliver of pie, the size you might serve to a young child. It was garnished with a raspberry sauce (very odd!)  and the taste was too tart. 
I normally love the slightly tart taste balanced with sweet, but there was no real sweetness to speak of here in the pie itself. 
Please improve on your pie portions and taste, and you will earn more stars.Great location on the parkway. For an Irish pub they don't have a huge draft beer selection but the food menu is quite diverse. Two of us had some beers and an entrée for $65. I had the fish and chips and my partner had the NY strip. Both were served fresh and hot on a cool plate, I state this because I know it wasn't sitting in a heated window waiting to be served. It was plated and served promptly! I was a waiter and take note of the details. Service was perfect, we  dined al fresco, it was very comfortable. Yes we will be back!Just went there for the first time tonight. Super impressed! I had the 4 elf beer there and it was amazing. I ordered the cheesesteak which was also delicious. It was a nice dimly lit warm and welcoming pub feel. Very chill atmosphere, and it was decorated with string lights and autumn leave decorations. Great selection of beers and food. I'm definitely coming back!I live upstairs from Con Murphy's. It's a cozy place to have in your building, especially during the winter. It's pretty chill here on most days. Most of the staff are fun and easy to talk to.  They have a good selection of draft beers and a lot of bottled beers available and while I can't say all their food is good, I do love their burgers and cheesesteaks. Their fries are pretty awesome as well.
It's a dark wood stained Irish pub with two floors and unlike most irish pubs, there are actually a lot of irish people there. The owner is Irish, some of the staff are Irish, and they have Irish musicians playing Irish songs. 
Apparently the second floor is great for renting out for parties. 
My only complaint is that the design of the bar downstairs leaves little room to sit. There's a dumb pillar in the way that blocks the view.Update: the Irish breakfast is a pretty good choice. All the standards (including beans, and black, and white pudding). Definitely worth a try if you're looking for a hearty start for your day. 
-----------
Crowded and extremely noisy (on a Friday night). Only a few Irish selections on the menu (seems to be a common issue with so-called "Irish" pubs). Apparently everyone else is here for the company and the beer. And live music. I suppose that's what pubs are for, after all. Maybe I need to get out more. 
There are some good Irish beers on tap (Guinness, Harp, Smithwick's), so that's good. The fish and chips are okay, but not the best. Served hot from the fryer, but the fries are thin cut (American style?) and a bit limp (not at all crispy). Gotta ask for malt vinegar, but the server might disappear for a while. Fish is piping hot and crispy on the outside, flaky inside. Tartar sauce is unusual, with a tangy, almost sour note. But it's pretty good. 
Three stars - not a cozy pub to enjoy with a pal, and the "chips" need to be de-Americanized. But it's not bad.Great atmosphere, great strong drinks, and good food. Stayed at the Windsor suites so I came here my first night in philly for some grub and drinks after spending almost my whole day at the airport. Ordered an old fashioned with knob creek and it was one of the best old fashioned I've had. They didn't try to sweeten it or add extra stuff to make it taste good. It was perfect! Ordered a Philly cheesesteak with fried and it was good. I sat at the bar so the bartender Ashley was very attentive to all her customers. It was a great experience and a very cozy bar. I would def come here again if/when I stay at the Windsor suitesI was disappointed last Saturday when my husband, grandson & I went to Con Murphy's for lunch. We had eaten there in the past & had good experiences. Last Saturday, however, service for us was very slow.  Everyone in the bar area had been served, even those people who came in after us except us. Only after I asked the waitress to check on our food was it served to us. I considered that to be a one-time event, but my husband, daughter & I stopped in for brunch today & one meal was wrong & one was served well after the first 2 had been served. We are done with Con Murphy. And that's too bad because the food is decent.My wife and I stayed at the hotel above this pub during our trip to Philly so as you can imagine we dropped in quite a few times. Pleasantly, it did not feel like a hotel bar. The quaint main floor and bar gave a very intimate feel. The bar food did exactly what it was supposed to do and I was especially fond of the steak and cheese sandwich and breakfast. Our Irish breakfast was very good. Our favorite part of this bar however was our Server Nicola. For some reason she was there every time we were and greeted us with a smile and a welcome back. She was very helpful with suggesting places to see in philly and always asked how our experience at said place was the next time she saw us. We will be visiting Philly again on New Years and will be stopping at Con Murphys specifically to see Nicola. Hope this helps!Quintessential neighborhood Irish pub - except the layout's a little fancier and the food's better.Seated promptly by a smiling hostess.  Friendly waitress came within a minute of being seated.  Hummus plate, crab cake, and cheesesteaks were all delicious, and the place is super cute too.  Excellent experience!!!We stopped here on the way to a concert to grab a beer. Wound up with a beer and a shot. 2 beers and 2 shots were only $24, not too bad for this part of town. I'd go back. They were serving brunch and it looked good but I didn't try it.food tonight was mediocre at best.. waitress was nice, but did not have a clue. Have eaten here before and food was pretty good then.. not so sure I will be running back anytime soon...Great pub......excellent beer selection. ..food is very good....burgers. ..fish and chips. ..nailed it..super clean with a friendly staff...we'll be back.Con Murphy's is a bit off the beaten path and their food isn't going to knock your socks off. You can eek out a burger but nothing imaginative is happening here. Still -- if you're staying at the Sheraton nearby, this is a solid walk and a nice break from eating hotel food.
The place has two levels but could use some sprucing up. The menu needs a tuneup and should sharpen up their pub food quality since Philly isn't exactly lacking in alternatives.
You can't lose for convenience if you're looking for a quick place to eat something affordable though. Still -- they need to try a bit harder.PLEASANTLY SURPRISED. I'm not a big fan of pubs in general given that I can't have beer (gluten-free) or meat (vegetarian), but this place really charmed me. 
We were in town for a conference at the Sheraton, and Con Murphy's is just a few steps away. I ordered the braised tempeh and my companion had the fish 'n chips. I couldn't believe how many appealing options were on the menu for vegetarians. The tempeh was a real comfort-food win and the fish in the fish 'n chips was a whole fillet of fresh, white, flaky fish-- no pulverized frozen-fried gunk here. 
Service was delightful. There was live music, which was good, but a little too loud for us. 
If I have to go back to Philly for a convention, I'll definitely go back to this pub. Food, service, and atmosphere were all quite good. It's easy to like you, Con Murphy's!Con Murphy's is a really solid place to grab a bite or drink.  It's nicer on the inside than most Irish Pubs; the service is friendly; and while not cheap, you won't find the usual tourist markup with which other Parkway establishments so casually gouge customers.
The food is always good, and the drink list will have something for everyone.  I've enjoyed everything from salads and snacks to burgers and entrees here.  The contorted interior is charming and interesting, but it can make coming here with large groups somewhat challenging.
Oh, and it's also a fun place to watch the Olympics (I've done both summer and winter here).I love this place. Granted I've only ever been here for breakfast but I still love it.  They do an amazing irish breakfast with all the bells and whistles and their coffee is a pleasant addition.  The only bad thing is that their tables downstairs are mostly high tops and sometimes in the morning I don't want to climb up a chair, but other than their table choices this place is a keeper.Great shepherd's pie and a Guiness to wash it down! Friendly service with lots of smiles completed the experience. I will go back.Food .... awesome! Location.. Easy to find!  Service... excellent! Nice spot for a date night!Best chicken fingers on the planet!! Small bar but great service and friendly staff! A good spot to start your night with a few drinks!Beer selection and happy hour are good. The food is average. I ordered a salad, which was supposed to come with crutons, which were missing. The waiter brought them after the fact, but said they normally don't come with the salad, even though the menu states the contrary. 
I wouldn't go out of your way to come here. But considering it's connected to the hotel, it could be worse.I really enjoyed my meal here. I sat alone and felt perfectly comfortable eating in the restaurant instead of taking it to go and eating it in my room. I didn't know which wine I wanted with my meal, so they were nice enough to give me samples, which made it very easy to choose one that I would enjoy eating with my meal. My meal tasted great and I was curious to try the creme brûlée because I am a huge fan of good creme brûlée. It wasn't to my liking. But that didn't destroy my experience. The waitress noticed that I didn't finish my desert and simply took a bite and left the rest. She asked me if I liked it and I honestly stated, "It isn't for me." So she asked me to choose another desert on the house. I was pleasantly surprised and ordered the bread pudding, which I did enjoy and was very happy with how aware they were of whether I enjoyed their food or not. I definitely recommend this place for the service and the food. Should you get something you don't like and don't really make a dent in the plate, they tend to notice and provide you with the opportunity to try something else that you may enjoy better on the house. I have yet to experience this kind of service at any other restaurant.Con Murphy's staff was very helpful in planing my company dinner. the food was great in a fun atmosphere.This was a great dining experience thanks to Nicola K.! We enjoyed the wide variety of food options.On the night we went there was live music which was great. The person singing had a great voice and he was nice to listen to. He played 90's music, which I know and love.  We had the garlic Parmesan wings and they were disappointing. They tasted like the were friend in the same oil as the fish. We only had two wings and did not finish them. I wouldn't recommend the food but definitely a place for a cocktail and music.Crab cake... Amazing! Pierogis... Amazing! (Come with sour cream so if you don't like that, ask for without.) Live music was fun. Loved it!!!Not the best showing for a first visit. Super slow service including the bill. Sent one dish back. We're not picky, it was just bad .Bar although unique is rather small.  Service was excellent with food coming out superfast. Food was okay but maybe i ordered wrong as i got the buttermilk chicken sandwich.Came here on a rainy night, we sat upstairs across from a small bar. Service was friendly and attentive, I had a beet salad with shrimp which was excellent, tarragon dressing especially good, my husband had fish n chips, was good too. My only problem with place was the bar, two obnoxious drunk guys cursing and being loud, we were seated next to another family, I feel they should have been asked to tone it down my 10 year doesn't need to hear the F word 50 times during his mealI felt like I was in the lunchroom at Morgan Stanley. Loud, bad service, and too may dudes talking about money.On an over night stay in Philly, we were so lucky that this was our hotel spot. Great and varied menu. We never left the app section. Our table was covered!  The fresh ricotta is amazing. Everything was fantastic. Service was friendly and relaxed. Our server was Mariah. Loved her!!!  Helpful, so nice, there when we needed her and not intrusive. Also, not one lick of judgement about the 37 apps we ordered.  Lol. It's always a good thing to be in a new city and find yourself at home in a local joint.   We'll be back for sure. I almost called them around midnight for another order of the ricotta. No joke.Great food! Lucky for me able to accommodate my family of 25 for Thanksgiving dinner on short notice. We had a family member in the hospital nearby. Service and food were excellent!Rude, overpriced, and dirty. The quaintness of an Irish Pub should not supersede health codes and a basic desire to not serve tainted food.  You are in the service industry, try actually serving.Good breakfast and ok service. A bit grubby and prices a bit high. Location was handy for the sites.Con Murphy's is one of the better after work options for my office. And while (I believe) they have the same ownership as Tir Na Nog, I've always had a much better time at Con Murphy's. The bar on the second floor has a great layout for a large group where it has felt like a private event at times. And when the weather is nice, they have tables outside.
I also think they do Center City Sips right as oppose to other bars that will resort to plastic cups for a very water downed experience.
Bonus points to Con Murphy's for hosting a fundraiser for the Comcast MS Bike teamThis place is just awful.  I had a tuna sandwich yesterday, and it took 20 minutes to get a top to the sandwich!!!!  We gave it a second chance, and my friend asked if they served mojitos.  They said yes, and he set up shop.  Well, after arrived, no mojitos!  i don't care if they are on IDine and save you 20 percent of the bill.  This place is a Con, hence the name.We got some breakfast at Con Murphy's Irish Pub. I had the Irish Breakfast ($15) -- two eggs any style, Rashers (irish bacon), Bangers (irish sausage), Black & White pudding, Breakfast Potatoes, Grilled tomato & Baked Beans. What impressed me the most about this dish was its tremendous value. For $15, I got A LOT of food; it was probably more of a value than anything else I ate in Philadelphia. Although most items on the plate were either good, very good, or excellent, the one slight disappointment was the baked beans. As soon as I saw the plate, the color immediately reminded me of Campbell's tomato soup. Sure enough, when I tasted the beans, it tasted like white beans cooked in Campbell's tomato soup. Now, if other ingredients were added to aid the flavor of the baked beans, I wouldn't necessarily mind the tomato soup component. However, it didn't taste like they added much other than beans and tomato soup. 
At the end of the day, however, this Irish breakfast was a pleasant way to start my morning, which is why Con Murphy's Pub gets 4 stars.Delicious food and awesome service!
Food is a bit on the salty side, otherwise delicious!