It's a good thing I've had a few weeks to cool off from my experience at Copabanana before writing this review or it might not have been pretty. Anyhow, I came during university city restaurant week and will never return. We sat outside and there were kids playing football right near the tables and being loud. We moved to the other side of the restaurant (still outside) and the kids made there way over to us and continued playing. We couldnt get away. We went to a table inside. Food was terrible. Steak was fatty and overcooked and mashed potatoes werent fresh. The waitress was about the only thing good about this place. She agreed on the steak and took it back. Came back with chicken as I asked for and it was like biting into rubber bands. All in all it was a disaster and I'll never return. 1 star for the waitress.I went last night with a few friends and let me say I was impressed, not necessarily with the quality of the food (nothing wrong with it by any means) or the decor, but the servers: how they don't kill every 4th customer is beyond me. I heard tables on both sides of us giving the most ridiculous of complaints to our/their server. Both tables were demanding as hell and already said loudly to eachother that they weren't tipping because of x, y and z reasons, and then were dumbfounded that there's a gratuity on their bill (it says it in the menu, anything over $50) their server, smaller girl so with purple hair, carried upwards of 4 plates at once, explained the menu perfectly and had an eagle eye for every table in her section and dealt with ridiculous complaints like a true professional. Thumbs up and five stars to the staff, customers, learn how to be basic humans, or stay home.It's been quite a while since I've done the college bar thing and quite frankly I wouldn't bother with a review because we've all been there (speaking of the environment) But my friend had a bday party in the private room downstairs. 
First I appreciated that because we were on a guest list I didn't have to pay a cover, get frisked or have my handbag rummaged through. I was however scared to death to descend the the very steep staircase that led to the private room teetering on my heels. I held the railing for dear life.
Once downstairs I have to say that I was sorely disappointed with the space. There was absolutely nothing special about it. Just a hodgepodge of tables and chairs, some random booth seats and a bar. No decor, nothing that gave you the specialness of being in a private space. Me and my party pal felt like we had just been shoved into someone's basement. 
Also I was so damn hot I couldn't stay down there. Unlike upstairs where the parameters are all open windows, the basement was cave like. My gf and I made our way back up stairs and nabbed two seats at the bar where we remained for the rest of the night.   Yikes Copa, you can do better.This is the worst service I have had at a restaurant in Philadelphia. First, they charged myself and the rest of my group a $5 cover, but then proceeded to seat us outside. The server forgot about us and we eventually were able to put our drink orders in. When they came,  we had lower than average margaritas and sangrias. I wouldn't come back here again.My friends and I went here one time for margaritas, and we sat outside. We were charged a $5 cover, and I have literally NEVER encountered as horrible service as I have at Copa. After we got drinks we didn't see the waitress again. We actually had to go inside to close our tab.I really love this place and I haven't quite figured out why...
The bathroom is usually pretty nasty, and slowly but surely they're replacing all the music on the jukebox with bland soft rock bands...
But above all this are two words that give me gastological goosebumps:
SPANISH FRIES
And if you've had them (with melted cheddar of course, not that greezy spray-on cheese) you'll know why they deserve all capitals and a separate paragraph...effin' amazing. jalapeno peppers, cooked onions, melted cheddar, and old bay...this much fried goodness should be one of the seven deadly sins...
On top of that the hurricanes and pink lemonades margaritas kick-ass (get a double, it's more like a triple...boo-yah!!), the pomegranate margarita is quite delctable as well, in fact its hard to go wrong with their flavored margaritas....on second thought stay away from the mango, it kinda reminds me of cough syrup with a lollipop left in it
They added a downstairs which helps with overflow, but lacks the bright open airiness of upstairs, and kind of feels like being on punishment when all of the cool (and early) people hog up the space by the upstairs bar. But fret not, the food is just as good and the drinks are never weak.
Flat screens that often show soccer, occasional live music, and a fun local crowd (especially on Monday) who refuse to let another neighborhood joint be bastardized by UPenn students (they can all have MarBar!), now it's all coming back to me why I love this place...Tried ordering online. When I asked for topping suggestions the guy hung up on me. Ridiculous4 stars for 1/2 off Burger Tuesdays.
personal favorites: San Remo and Burger Benedict
friends's favorites: Carribean
I come here every Wednesday during the school year. The burger deal is absolutely fantastic, and the burgers are delicious! Copa is usually busiest at noon on Wednesdays. The line is quite long during the school year around noon, and the line dies down after 1:30 pm. Copa is great for 2 people and also great for large parties. They have a basement that's great for accomodating large parties.
This is a popular lunch spot for the Penn student/faculty community and anyone who works in the Penn medical system.don't order the chips they're awful! I told our waitress they were stale and she was very nice but said that everyone thinks they're stale but that's just the chips they use.This place has the worst service west of the Schuylkill and east of the Mississippi. Don't waste your time or money.I went with 2 other people to Copabanana. We ordered 1 appetizer, 3 entrees, and 2 drinks. I got the steak quesadilla, which was fine but nothing spectacular. It was nice that the quesadilla came with guac. 
However, our waitress seemed to be too busy to wait our table. After giving us our meals, the only other time she came by was to give us the check. Our water was never refilled and we weren't asked if we wanted anything else. 
When we got the check, we noticed that there was a 18% gratuity added to the tab, even though there were only 3 of us. When we asked about it, we were informed that any bills over $50 had an 18% gratuity. Normally, I have no issue leaving a 20% tip but the service did not warrant an 18% tip. It felt like once our bill had reached $50, the waitress no longer cared about service. I will not be going back.From the outside you couldn't tell the food is amazing. Tried the fish and chips and the chocolate cake for dessert. I licked the plate. Prices super reasonable.My wife and I ordered from Copa tonight.
It was surprisingly good. Not great, but good.
I got the coconut shrimp. It was very tasty. It was crispy and flavorful. The dipping sauce was good too, just not enough of it. I enjoyed the pineapple and rice. Although, there could have been more rice.
The chopped salad was decent too. I like the mix of ingredients, especially the jicama.
My wife got the chicken tenders and really liked them.
It's a good bang for you buck type of meal.the happy hour deals here are the best! my favorite thing at copa is definitely the $5 lime margs if you go between 4-7pm. their cheap food options are mediocre choices, but the best thing on their menu is SPANISH FRIES WITH REAL CHEDDAR so delicious 10/10 would recommend!!! the reason i gave 3/5 stars because their service tends to be really slow which sucks (even though everyone is really friendly) and a lot of their other food options are expensive and mediocre...would still recommend spanish fries tho:)It's just that OK. Went out on a Monday looking for some specials ..drink specials were very limited advertised margarita for 5.00 an only let you get classic flavor and between certain hours. I ordered the nachos with chicken was not informed it was an additional 4.00 wasn't impressed with the nachos at all..missing some items. Did sit outside that was nice cause we had good sunny weather. Waitress was ok although she forgot my sour cream.2.5 stars.
I wandered in here tonight after getting lost and very, very wet. I stood at the hostess/Please wait to be seated table and no one bothered to make eye contact with me or acknowledged me. Went to the bathroom and came back. Again no acknowledgement until the bartender asked if I needed to be seated. I had the choice of a small table sanwiched right in the middle of a bunch of tables or the bar. I chose the bar.
I ordered a Paulaner and the Copa burger with Spanish fries. The Paulaner came pretty fast and was pretty tasty. It's always nice when you find a place that cleans their taplines. Too many places around here don't. The Copa burger and fries came out after a bit. The fries were smokin' hot so I ate a good portion of the burger first. The Copa burger comes with mild green chiles, Monterey Jack,  and bacon on it. The chiles were decent, as was the cheese and bacon. Unfortunately my burger, which I ordered medium well to hopefully get medium, was more like medium rare. Lots of pink and juices. I like a little juice but not that much. The fries were decent but I'm not sure they were "award winning". And how serving fries with little green chiles and fried onions counts as being Spanish, I don't know.
The service was ok, but not that great. It took a long time to get a second beer. It seemed like they were understaffed for how many people were there. That and/or I was getting ignored. 
I might come back again and see if this was just an off night. Right now I"m thinking it might be a place to get a beer and go somewhere else for dinner.I gave up eating meat but I get cravings for burgers. I'm so happy I found the  black bean burger. It's so good, chargrilled and you can add any toppings as you would for the beef burgers.
I've had it 3 times and have not been disappointed. It's a pretty big burger and with fries on the side it's a great lunch for about $8.Please train your cook or get a new one. Third time now that i get take out and its all burned up. Went in the trash last 2 times and told the guy taking my order on the phone to please make sure food is not burned but nope, same story this time around as wellThis is a great place to go after work but the drinks are high as Fuck. I ordered a top shelf long island ice tea that shit was $32. I thought it was a mistake.This is the second time that we've come here and it was great the first time... even better this second time. We got a three-course meal for just $25 and they were large portions!
Don't forget to try the buffalo shrimp appetizer it is surely to die for and spicy. The New York strip steak was thick, a large portion, juicy, and cooked to perfection. The Mahdi Mahi was very light and flavorful.
And finally the dessert was like a dream come true with the chocolate lava cake and Keylime pie!Phil and Lou good guys, my first time i think im in love.These guys were so nice You guys made my first visit Rock !!!! My sister and i had the best time,we ordered the chili nachos ,the chili had  a medium sweet taste it was delicious,needles to say, they earned a very good tip tonight. Smiley Face:).I went last Friday night. Typically places in UCity I don't bother with until the college students go on break. So I snuck in for a margarita and something with beans...I know bad combo. Any who, way too much ice in my shaker ,which. They do bring to the table. I scooped out the ice with my fork, guess what! To be kind it was 1/3 full. Where was the 1800 tequila I paid for? Idk....but the sip I did have was tasty. 
I'm vegetarian so I went for the black bean tacos...beans were bland. Which is disrespectful to Goya. I bought an appetizer, some foolishness called bubble bread. Don't get caught up in the alliteration like I did. It's garlic bread with some shredded parmesan on it. If that's what you want, go for it, but it tasted like frozen bread that was popped in a toaster oven. 
Otherwise...the server was kind. 
This place is designed for college students. They will eat and drink anything. 
In closing...Copa = Tom Foolery
2 stars cause at least they bring the booze to you fast. Only waited 3 minutes for my drink.I wasn't super impressed, but then again it is a campus area bar.
When I got there, the place was packed; there wasn't an empty seat in the house. But the crowd was pretty diverse in age from groups of college students to mid 40's adults.
About 1/2 an hour later, people started to clear out.  The service was slow though, since it took about 10 minutes to ask if I wanted anything at a 1/2 empty bar. Same with getting another drink; it took about the same amount of time before I realized I'd rather just leave than try to get their attention.
The music is pretty awesome, but it's not a dance type place. I've heard they have good happy hour specials, but I was so bored during the hour I was here, I probably won't be back.I came here on Wednesday for the "half-off burgers" special (burgers are half price from 11:30am-5pm), since it's pretty popular on Penn's campus. The service was extremely slow, and it took us around 10 mins to get seated even though we were in the front of the line, and the place wasn't full. The hostess then didn't bring us menus, so I had to go ask for them.
We ordered burgers -- I ordered the turkey San Remo, and my friend, a chicken sandwich. Mine was satisfactory, a little on the bland side, but I could have added some hot sauce. A good deal for 3.50 though.
However, when the bill came, my friend's "chicken sandwich" (that was really a burger), was not half-price. The waitress told us that because it was a "sandwich" and not a burger, it wasn't half price. All of the "sandwiches" are in the burger section in the menu, and there's no indication that the special doesn't apply to them. The waitress told us that this was the way it was, and didn't make any effort to tell us that it was fine this time, which is common etiquette. It was 3 bucks, so I didn't make a fuss, but it was still annoying - obviously she would have ordered a "burger" if we had known there was even a difference.came here with a couple of friends for the first time and had a chance to try their main selling burgers and fries and margaritas.
unfortunately, both the burgers and fries and margaritas were all average in my opinion, compared to other restaurants in university or center city.  
for the burger, you choose the type of meat you want and then a type of topping(s) below on the menu.  I opted for the Charleston, which ended up tasting like another average burger with meat quality average enough to not be too distracted from it.  
for fries, I tried their spanish fries which is essentially fries mixed with fried onions and peppers - fries overall were on the more moist, potentially soggy side, versus traditional fries that you imagine being more crisp.
you can also ask for their small side of garlic mayo which they will charge you for .59 cents per small cup to dip with your fries or put on your burger.  
for the margaritas, I opted to for the orange-mango frozen margarita which was average as well - it tasted more diluted in my opinion and not as well blended with some large enough chunks of ice to disturb the consistency of the drink.  If you get it on the rocks, they will give you the whole shaker to pour the margarita yourself.
I would say if you are looking to simply fill yourself up and eat with a friend or more in a casual environment, whether indoor or outdoor, this place is solid.  If you come for their daily specials, especially on wednesday's, when they have half off burgers for ~$5, this place is more worth it in terms of price and food quality. Enjoy!They keep changing their menu and the prices are so high I wonder how the college kids can afford to eat there.  The margaritas are great but you do pay a lot for just one .  If u order some other drinks depending on who is bartending you could either get a really good drink or a really water down one. 
Always seems to be crowded. So hard to find a seat at the bar.  There happy hour if you are able to make it is good. Especially when it's 5 dollar margaritas.When it comes to eating out, there's responsibility on both sides of the menu. For the restaurant, it is their responsibility to provide good service, a good environment, and of course, good food. For the dinner-goer, he or she must make their own judgment calls about what to order and why. I had it on good authority that these were some of the best margaritas in the city. I came ready to get my drank on. 
I made a mistake, though. I ordered a frozen margarita, which I later learned is made in a standard blender. It was the most bland margarita I've ever ordered. When you order it regular, non-frozen, you got 2-3 margarita's worth, in a big tumbler they leave at your table. Mine came in a small glass, with less alcohol and less drink than everyone around me. 
I'll be the first to admit: I made a giant mistake. However, I asked our waitress not once, but twice, if their frozen margaritas were good. She assured me they were delicious, but said it distractedly as she was saying something to another waiter, or as she was checking on another table. It was a busy Friday night, and I understand that she was covering a large section of the restaurant. Still, I wish that she had told me upfront how disappointing the frozen margs were: large chucks of ice not blended, watery. I felt like real sassy about it. 
The nachos we ordered were good, but sloppily made. Now, maybe I've been spoiled by El Vez and their black bean nachos, but for the price, they could have been made with a little more attention - and toppings, for that matter. I'll shoulder some of the responsibility with our poor experience at Copabanana, but I wish our waitress had taken more time to point us in the right direction. Also, if what I'm told about their regular margs is true then why does Copabanana even offer this unblended, icy chunk of disappointment?Oh, the copa. I loved this place, but I think it's time for a break. 
Pros: Food is always really good (although the nachos are not quite as good as I always want them to be), margaritas are awesome, beers are pretty cheap, convenient location for me, outdoor seating is great, great happy hour deals. 
Cons: The service...every time.I think the average waiting time for my bill to come (even after asking for it) is 20 minutes. I've had such bad service the past few times, but the last time was the worst. I had a waiter who I had previously had and didn't particularly enjoy. I asked for sour cream when I ordered, again when he dropped the food off, and then again ten minutes later when he didn't bring it yet. I also had an entire cheeseburger, ketchup and fries dumped down my back by another waitress. I've had her before and she's actually the only waitress there that I have decent service from. She paid for my $5 happy hour food, but my pants were pretty much ruined. I wouldn't let that be a game changer for me since it was an accident, but I just think that the awesome margaritas aren't worth the headache of the service.I gave up eating meat but I get cravings for burgers. I'm so happy I found the  black bean burger. It's so good, chargrilled and you can add any toppings as you would for the beef burgers.
I've had it 3 times and have not been disappointed. It's a pretty big burger and with fries on the side it's a great lunch for about $8.Really chill atmosphere. I went on weekend in the summer so it was a younger crowd there (great for college students). The bartender made my drink way too strong and I didn't enjoy so he recommended that I order a hurricane and it was amazing! The best thing about this bar is the reggae and r&b they play. And lets not forget their Jamaican jerk chicken wings. They are soooo good. Be sure to try them if you go. However tell them to ease up on the jerk seasoning because they sometimes may them a little too spicy.I placed an order on GrubHub, which I do regularly, and I listed an alternate phone number under "special instructions". They obviously didn't read the instructions because I had to call an hour after I placed the order to ask what was going on and they said the delivery guy knocked for '15 minutes'. Knocking on an apartment building door isn't going to get anyone's attention, especially when a phone number is listed. I'll order from somewhere else for my late night munchies.It makes sense that this establishment has three stars. Last Saturday evening I found myself at Copas because a friend was DJing a private party in their downstairs space. After patronizing the upstairs bar for margaritas and Spanish fries, both of which were underwhelming, we traveled downstairs and sat behind the DJ booth in a semi-private space where a table and chairs were arranged. During this time, a waiter walked through, observed us and continued. Soon after, another man (whom I later learned was the manager) came through the door and the first words out of his mouth were, "I don't know what you guys are doing back here but you can't be here." At the point at which you haven't offered a greeting, or thank you for patronizing, you have made it clear that you don't value your customers. His rudeness and abrasive energy continued. I will not be returning, nor will I recommend that any friends patronize this establishment.AMAZING food! It's a nice environment. Me and my friend went there twice in one week to get a bit and some beers. I would definitely recommend. And the waiters are always coming by to check that everything is ok :)If you are looking for a great happy hour in the University City area, this is it.  You can get a margarita for $5; they fill your glass and then leave you the shaker so its really like getting two for $5.  I do not recommend getting a double.  Their drinks are strong enough.  They also have some great nachos and the fajitas are delicious.  The staff are friendly and do a pretty good job of keeping on top of everything, despite the fact they are always pretty busy during happy hour.  One other big plus: they have plenty of outdoor seating and its in a good location for people watching.This place SUCKS!!!!!!! It has definitely fallen off since back in the day. The wait staff set u up to pay more money and do NOT inform you of the specials. Plus the specials end earlier than usual and they close way too early. There are so many better places to go in the area that you should NEVER ever have to go here. Save your money and enjoy yourself somewhere else! If you really want Copa Banana, go to the one on South Street.Your impression of Copa is highly dependent on what time and day you go.  I DJ there most Fridays but have also done Wednesdays, Thursdays & Saturdays and have gone there as a guest.  Fridays & Saturdays are primarily locals and quite gangsta.  Wednesday nights are college nights with cheap pitchers and lots of annoying college girls and boys.
I've become friends with lots of the servers there who are AWESOME people and hilarious.  Thing is, most are really busy and you'd have to catch them on a slow night to know that.
Food is EXCELLENT and the kitchen's clean.  Tyrone, the chef and barback, is one of my favorite people in the world and you are a lucky person if you get to see him dancing!they have a decently priced burger. service is also decent, nothing to write home about and not really an establishment i would be proud to bring my friends to. as stated in other reviews, a mixed / interesting crowd.Love the place.. Food is good. The tuna burger is great... Thanks to my sister for having me try it...Thanks for ruining our day... A review of Copa Banana 40th and spruce. 
1. Walked in and waited 5-10 min to be seated and there were no customers there 
2. We were told to seat ourselves, we grabbed our own menus, chose from all of the open tables 
3. Waiter comes by and is surprised that we got menus. Walks away and takes our order in another 10 min
4. At this point completely turned off, is this a roadside diner on a side road in Kansas. 3:50pm 9/11. Ordered nachos took 9min
5. Horrible presentation, cheese hanging off the edge and got all over the table, at least they have half priced burgers on Wednesday 
6. Should have just gone to QdobaWent for happy hour the margaritas are half price and so worth it and the Spanish fries with cheddar cheese were amazing...extremely crowded but you have to get there early...nice little spotThis was the worst happy hour. The specials were not worth it. Everything on the happy hour was the most basic option. Only 3 food offerings- chicken quesadillas, veggie quesadillas and nachos. But you couldn't add meat to the nachos and every option only came with pica de gallo sauce. No sour cream, meat or guacamole or anything. On top of that, the only margarita in the happy hour special was the classic. My server knew I was trying to enjoy the happy hour and let me order the fruit one, only to find out it later on my bill. I get it, but at the same time, I specially asked about hour hour. 
The meat on my beef tacos were extremely bland, as well as the entire taco. The only thing I enjoyed was the Spanish fries and the watermelon margarita, which I paid full price for so it ended up being worth it. Just very disappointed in happy hour and my tacos.I love Copa on Spruce! they have the best wait staffCinco de mayo. Hmmm, probably not the best time to go, but we were walking passed on our way home and decided to give it a shot. I believe it was filled to the max. Very hot, you're being bumped from every direction, but the crowd was very friendly. The crowd was very diverse in terms of age as well. We ordered margaritas but they were too sweet to my liking. The bartender was a doll and could tell I did not enjoy my drink and made me another. I will say it was very hard to move around. The main pathway that had people filled within it was also the path that the waitresses were taking to deliver food. I have never been a big fan of their food, but the Spanish fries have always been good to me. I'd tell anyone to try it once.Went here once, late on a Friday night. A large woman sitting at the bar started puking up blue vomit onto the bar and her body.  Her friends walked her outside to sit half-conscious on a chair outside the door, while they continued partying inside.  
While the event killed my appetite and sobered my drunken stupor, I can't say I'm never going back.  Open late, cheap eats, a diverse and lively mix of Penn students and West Philly clientele.   
Just make sure to go with friends you trust.Was going to go to Bridget Foys for lunch, but always wanted to try this place so I did, and I won't be back.
Really had a taste for nacho's. Worst nacho's in Philly. The chicken cubes, which weren't many, were cold, there was very little cheese and the dish itself was like half cold and half luke warm. The burger was ok, at least it was warm, but not very juicy.
The "iced" tea, was luke warm with no ice cubes. I finally got a refill with a little ice, but by that time I realized this was not a good place.
Not sure how other Yelpers rate this place with 4 and  stars after the meal we had.
If lunch is mediocre at best I can't believe dinner is much better.They have really great customer service i just prefer the food on south street betterI find the name of this place amusing.
It works well as both a bar and a restaurant.  It's not exactly my scene as a bar, so I've only come here to eat earlier when it's less crowded, but I can see some people really liking this place.  Like Nicole pointed out, this place has a young crowd, read "college".  Whether or not this place is crowded depends a lot on the night and the time of the semester, which tells you something: I live around the corner and walk by frequently.  Once Penn ended it went from super lively to very low-key.
The music they play has a pop / R&B feel to it, it's fairly mainstream stuff but within that it's seemed to be music that I tend to like a little more--slightly deeper, mellower vibe but still fairly energetic, which is congruous with the dark but somewhat colorful decor.
Food?  Good burgers, reasonably priced.  Convenient setup allowing you to choose your burger and style (toppings) separately, chicken, turkey, and veggie options alongside the normal beef.  I like the one with guacamole best.  Fries have the skin on which is good.
This place is solid.  I like it.I have been going to COPA for years and I love it! Their food isn't extraordinary or anything but it's dependable (we like the wings, burgers, and quesadillas) and their margaritas are the best! They have good Happy hour specials too and being located right next door to the arcade makes it a perfect place to go with your kids for dinner and then over to the arcade for some fun after! For the best deal, go between 4 and 5 on Mondays, you can get $5 Mondays and $5 Margaritas!Copa is a nice place to come if you want burgers or margaritas. It is pretty decent food and service and the margaritas are great. Drinks a bit pricey though, except during happy hour where traditional margaritas are half price and they give you a full shaker which is about three glasses full.
I also thought it would be cheaper on Wednesdays because there are half-priced burgers 12-5 but when I ordered a chicken sandwich as my base instead of a "burger" the full priced "sandwich" appeared on the bill. When I asked the waitress to change it she explained that even though they are in the same section to choose as a base a "sandwich" is not half price because it is not a "burger." I told her that if I had known that then I would have ordered a turkey burger instead so that they should probably tell people that in the future but she was unsympathetic and did not respond or change our order. In summary, do not order anything except the items that actually say "burger" on the menu if you go for Copa Wednesdays.The environment is nice and brunch is good. like t he fried potato and omelet! It is a traditional bar and maybe next time I'll try something different.Good food, Spanish fries are a better choice over regular fries especially if you can handle spice. Great drinks that are not watered down.The pina coladas are exceptionally weak, and taco bell will serve you more authentic Mexican. The burger selection looks pretty decent though.Highly recommend going here if you want Mexican. Thursday margarita specials are awesome, but it can get crowded fast, so show up early. They have great burgers, too. I have been here several times and it has never disappointed.I've never had problems sitting down, but my deliveries have never gone right.
Ordered online, gave 2 contact numbers. After 2 hours I call and say my food hasn't arrived yet. They claim that they called, but neither phone has a missed call, voicemail or text. I had to pick up the food myself, and while the woman in person was nice the man on the phone was not. Food was obviously cold, and below expectations.
You're better off going with Mad Mex or Bobby's Burger Palace.Came here for a school event. I didn't get to pick the food, but there were wings and they were pretty good. Drinks were strongIf all you want it a cheap margarita, go for it.  Otherwise, avoid it like the plague!  The food is not worth it.  And if you think you're getting a special, think again.  They don't honor their coupons.The servers are friendly, the food is tasty, and they have magner's cider. I usually try and make it out on Thursday nights to catch Jim and Shakey play the blues. If you dig on blues, you should really try and catch these guys. Jim Trainer and Shakey Lyman are really great. They mostly play straight up blues, but they do some Tom Waits, Dylan, and Johnny Cash covers.
-----Update-----
I switched this from 4 to 3 stars, because to my understanding there was a hiatus of Jim and Shakey playing, Not quite sure what the deal with the management was, but haven't been back since. I'm sure its alright for drinks, but thats not why I went.This was my first visit to the University City location, I'm a big fan of the Copa on South Street. I ordered a local microbrew, a veggie burger and their famous Spanish Fries. 
The food took a while to arrive but I wasn't in a rush. When the food arrived I had two bites, it seemed eddible but cold. I attempted to get my waiters attention for 15-20 minutes just to microwave the food (it's bar food and I'm really not picky) but he was busy attending to other tables. They were way understaffed, there were two servers and no bartender for the entire restaurant.  I overheard another table gripping about the delay.
I can't really comment on the food, it was too cold to eat.One of the few places I'll order a margarita, they're so good! The burgers are also excellent. Perfect after a long day in class or at the hospital.Copa has become our post-exam hang out and chill lunch spot! Especially on Wednesdays when burgers are half-off  Not eating beef always makes me nervous on burger days, but they had a wide selection of non-beef burgers! 
I ordered the turkey burger with Monte Carlo gourmet burger toppings (mushroom and cheddar yummmm). The turkey was overcooked and quite dry... the waitress also mixed up my fries order with my friend's but it wasn't a huge deal. We were a party of 8 so we were seated in the back corner. We ordered a pitcher of sangria (which I can't find on their online menu actually...) and it wasn't that strong... but it was sweet and was similar to a strawberry daiquiri if that's what you're looking for. I really enjoy sweet alcohol so it was fine for me. 
Personally, I don't think I'd come to Copa on my own if not for their specials/deals (price) or if my friends decided to go (good location/convenience). When the weather is nice out, they have outdoor tables and open their windows so the ambience is very casual and chill which I like a lot.I've only been here for half price burgers Wednesday, which is 11:30am - 5:00pm. It gets really crowded. Their Spanish Fries are probably one of the greatest things that I have ever eaten, make sure you get them with cheese. They're well seasoned and the jalapeños add a nice kick. Burger-wise I've gotten the Yucatan, Acapulco, and Buffalo. You really can't go wrong with any of the toppings, they're all super delicious. Meat is very tender and tasty. Medium rare is cooked to juicy perfection.Affordable and deliciously binge-y.
I had a $25 off $35 dollars GC from restaurant.com and so without buying alcohol, we could have brought someone along. Dishes  were about 7-16 dollars, heaping appetizers up to 9. YOU WILL SEE SOMEONE ORDER SOME FANTASTIC LOOKING FRIES OR NACHOS... THEY ARE AS GOOD AS THEY LOOK. They're heaped with pretty much everything ever on them, from old bay to cheddar, fried onions, peppers, salsa, other spanish whimsy.... An awesome appetizer that will cause doggy bagging off your entree.
You can go fancy or go sandwich here, all is yummy.
Wait staff is pretty nice and they have good recommendations.
Now, they have lots of interesting alcoholic beverages. In happy hour, I'm sure they're a great deal. We shared a shaker of watermelon margarita at regular price and didn't finish it between us, though it was 8.50 I think, because it tasted like the watermelon was spoiled. :-/
But that's just because we tried to be crazy. I'm sure normal margaritas are wonderfully nommy, ours was still good except for the aftertaste. We didn't try to send it back.
Anyway, it's a nice casual atmosphere, tables near a bar, moderate lighting. We spent 13 dollars on our 35 dollar bill with GC (well, plus tip), and took home an extra dish for the next day. Yummy, extremelyyyy filling :)This place has THE WORST delivery service ever.  I ordered several months ago and not only recived my food over an hour late, but was charged for food I did not recieve.  When I reached out through the customer complaint link on the site, I received no response at all!!  Trying to give it another chance tonight, my food is agin very late.  Bottom line, Copa University City does not care about it's delivery customers at all. Not sure why they even offer the service.  I will never order from there again.Absolutely abysmal service. We went for lunch and the waitress literally forgot that we had ordered, came over to our table to get our order again 30 minutes into us waiting for our food, and we weren't offered water.Someone told me this place had the best burgers in Philly. Apparently, Copabanana also shares this opinion about itself, based on its advertisements. Curious, I decided to give it a try, ordering a burger, Spanish fries, and a peach margarita. 
Like some other reviewers, I am also intrigued by the burgers. Although I ordered mine medium rare, my burger came out gray in the center instead of pink. They had literally cooked the **** out of it. No wonder it took 45 minutes for the food to arrive. It was like a piece of cement, sandwiched between two pieces of crumbly, stale buns. 
Onto the fries... This may be a matter of subjective taste, but I tend to prefer my fries crispy instead of soggy and oily. These so-called "Famous Spanish Fries" were basically a chewy mass of under-cooked soggy potatoes topped with melted cheese, peppers, and onion. Yummy. 
However... my peach margarita was awesome (hence, the two stars instead of zero, if that were possible). It was pricier than a margarita one would get at fancier restaurants, but if you live a block away and have a sudden/urgent margarita craving, this place will not disappoint. Just stay away from the food.The best thing about this place is the super cheap margaritas during happy hour. 
Otherwise the food is just okay, quality and price wise. The service is fine. And the margaritas themselves are just boozy lime juice.I'm honestly shocked that this place doesn't have better reviews. I've been here several times and it's always fantastic. Best margaritas I've found yet in Philadelphia, and cheap!! If you go during happy hour (or any time on Monday) you can get one for $5, and it's basically the size of 2 margaritas because they bring you extra to refill your glass, and they're not even stingy with the alcohol. Even not during happy hour, I haven't found a better value. 
Food is good, too - Spanish fries spectacular, everything else I've had there definitely solid as well. Really friendly service, too. Basically everyone should go here all the time, but not really because then I'd have to wait for a table.Food is FINE. I had a big salad with chicken and BF had burger. I ordered a blueberry lemonade cocktail - but they were out of the blueberry vodka and they replaced it with something. Was pretty tasty. We were there around 10:30pm on a Friday and it was DEAFENINGLY loud. It ruined the night. Everyone around us in the front area of the place was laughing because we couldn't place orders - the waitress couldn't hear. My boyfriend asked the waitress if she'd be able to ask for it to be turned down a little and she said "we've already tried." Other diners were complaining too - you couldn't hear what the person sitting across from you was saying. What a stupid waste - to pay $5 cover and then not be able to hold a conversation. Will not return.Best place to go if you want to be ignored!!! Came at 6:40 to squeeze in the last bit of happy hour. Sat at the bar and the bartender said he'd be right with us, then proceeded to fool around and clean his area for five minutes. So we decided to sit at a table for quicker service. What a mistake! Four waitresses walked past us avoiding eye contact while we waited. Finally at 6:55 I went up to the hostess to ask if there was a waitress that would come to us. With the biggest attitude she told me my waitress would come when I sit at my table, and pointed for me to go back. This place is an absolute joke and I will never be coming back.I loved the wild Wild West bison burger! Better than I expected. The fries were good too. It was louder than I wanted for conversation. The music randomly got louder at times. Our server was nice. I will be back!Really laid back venue located in the Penn/University City area. I went in knowing that this establishment was known for its margaritas and was even tempted to take advantage of the fact that I was there on a Margarita Monday (or whatever it's officially called), but my heart was drawn towards another beverage choice. 
Anytime there's an opportunity for me to partake in anything that has to do with apples or hard cider, 9 times out of 10 I am not going to pass that up. The 'Angry Bomb' consisting of Angry Orchard and Jägermeister did not disappoint this apple beverage fanatic. 
The bacon cheeseburger that I ordered -- not much to write home about. The fries were actually pretty good.
The next time I go back, it will be for the fries and the apple-flavored beverages.I think this place is underrated. I've tried a veggie soft tacos dish, the molten chocolate lava cake, and a side of mac & cheese and I was impressed with all dishes. Prices are low and portion sizes are big, and so it's a perfect spot to hit up in University City! 
Definitely want to take more advantage of the deals (like half priced burgers) so will be doing that in the upcoming months or so.The potato skins are good.. burgers are sometimey.. Margaritas are the best.. Though they charge you for EVERY SINGLE THING THEY CAN... They charge for lettuce... tomatoes.. onions.... even Takeout... THEY CHARGE FOR TAKEOUT!?  I'm being serious.. they literally charge you a dollar to pick up your own food.. it may even be illegal.. will have to look that up. I have the receipt. The staff likes to congregate near the end of the bar and talk about NSFW subjects.. but the bartenders are cool. I go here because they're the closest restaurant to my house but if another burger/maragarita place were to open nearby.. I'd probably think twice about stopping here..Wow, you're thinking -- generous update. I came here for lunch with my boyfriend because we wanted something nearby and he wanted a mimosa (it was Sunday). I got a chicken breast sandwich "San Remo" style, with garlic spinach and provolone, and it was actually fantastic! And -- most surprising of all -- our service was efficient and amazing (it may have helped that it was 3 in the afternoon). We sat outside in the sun and also got Spanish fries, which were the bomb. It was really a five star lunch, and the only reason I knocked one off was because of my negative experience last time. Glad I gave it another shot. I guess the moral of the story is come for lunch and come at odd hours.I came here for the "half-off burger" Wednesday deal! I got there pretty early, but by 12:30, the place got super packed pretty fast. 
My sister and I ordered the Beef Sirloin burger with the Monte Carlo topping (mushroom and cheddar) and another with the Yucatan topping (fried onion, jalapeño, and jack cheese). Personally, I was a little disappointed by their burgers. Maybe I came with too high of expectations...but I didn't enjoy the burgers as I had hoped. I felt as if they skimped out on the toppings. The burger was not very flavorful and it was kind of hard. Sadly, even the fries were a disappointment. 
However, I think the  1/2 half off deal is pretty nice! The fact that it runs from 11:30am-5pm gives a lot of time for people to make it! I've also heard a lot of good things about their $5 margaritas for Mexican Mondays, so I'm definitely giving this place another try for their solid deals!So I have been to South St a million times....Boyfriend lives in South Philly....we wanted something different so I signed onto a variety of sites and read reviews...and decided to try this place.
OMG.
Delicious.
The atmosphere is odd...it's cozy and crowded and loud and quiet all at the same time.
The bar was packed and it was kinda difficult to figure out how to get a table...but we got one.
The server was nice...prices are good...service is fast.
The wings...OMG...I'm a burger and wing freak....The wings are probably the best I've ever eaten. I got the spicy honey garlic wings...and a burger.  My boyfriend and I are still talking about how awesome dinner was....days and days later.
I'll def. be going back....preferably when I don't have to drive home....so I can have Monday Margaritas!I had pretty low expectations coming here for dinner and drinks. Sadly they were met for the most part. The general decor is pretty dingy. Tables that have seen better days, sticky floors, and bathrooms that could be cleaned more than one a day. Our server was friendly, but our food took FOREVER to arrive - most of us had sandwiches and burgers! My margarita was okay. I wish they had actual margarita classes and not martinis, but I appreciate that they gave me the shaker. I rarely complain about something being too strong, but my drink was literally just tequila. I asked for a shaker with just mix to even it out a bit. I had the Charleston burger. The toppings were tasting, the bun was soft, and the medium rare patty was....raw. I didn't want to wait for another one, so I ate around the middle. The bonus was the extremely stomachache I suffered for several hours afterward.Staff is ok.. atmosphere is ok.. it gets a little crowded in there so be aware on Mondays... but the drinks!!! Honey! The drinks are sooo good!!I came to town to visit a friend, and since it was still early, we decided on this place for brunch.  The logo has an intriguing font... it can be hard to read if you aren't familiar with it, haha.  We entered and couldn't help but notice the high amount of green everywhere.  It turns out there was a St. Patrick's Day bar crawl going on in town for the weekend.  I was caught off guard since the bar crawls usually happen the week before, the week during, and the week after.  The first week in March though??  A tad strange, but hey, celebrate anyway!  
We got in at 12:55 and realized that they had $3 mimosas until 1:00.  Thankfully, we were able to fit in one while waiting for the rest of our party.  As soon as they arrived, we were immediately seated at a table and started picking stuff to eat and drink.  I decided to get the Nutty Squirrel, a sweet hot drink which was delicious!  For my meal I got the banana stuffed french toast on challah bread.  It was an amazing decision.  I got a side of chorizo sausage, but it tasted somewhat burnt.  I can't say that I enjoyed it all that much.  
Overall, good food... but the service was somewhat slow.  The drinks and food both took a bit of a long time.  The french toast was worth the wait though.  Also, when requesting egg whites instead of eggs, we were told that the cooks can but usually don't like to when it's busy.... instead of a direct no, it was a "eh we could but don't feel like it right now" answer, and that rubbed me the wrong way.
In conclusion, if you're doing brunch, GET THE FRENCH TOAST.Exactly what you would expect at a restaurant with the word banana in the name.
Friendly staff, friendly prices - this place should really only have one $ there's not an entree over $20 here, outdoor seating is nice. 
The food was fine, I wouldn't take a date here but for a meal with friends it's good.  Applebees-core.
Only complaint involved the timing of the delivery of extra buffalo dressing.  It was requested when food was initially delivered and didn't show up until after we'd finished eating, leaving a very confused food runner.
Also margaritas are pretty small, taste was good.The margaritas are great and during happy hour (5-7pm) the regular ones are half price.  The burgers and Spanish fries are also great.
The day scene at Copa is quite different than the night scene.  During the day, this is a good place to get lunch and a beer, at night, the place is packed with locals.  
Downstairs is a smaller bar where they have live music.  The quality is variable but you never know when you might hear something good.
Disclosure: I know people who work there.Great burgers fajitas, salads and More. Good selections of beers and the owner is always nice.It seems like there are a lot of mixed reviews about Copabanana University City, but I really love the place.  I must admit though that part of the allure for me was its close proximity to my old house.  I like the decor, the mojitos are good, and the food I've tried was great.  And by "the food I've tried" I mean the chimichanga, which I order every time.  But then again, you can't really go wrong with a chimichanga.  Throw some stuff in a tortilla, wrap it, fry it, serve it.  Anyway, back to the review: there was also good music and a pretty diverse crowd every time I went so bonus star for that!So I'm over this place. Good food and drinks but when it comes to the bill it always says other than what was advertised. You'll have a hell of a headache with a party of 5 or more and try to split the bill. The manager is cool but the establishment itself needs some work. And so does the basement dining/bar area.Absolutely horrible experience --- will never be ordering again, and to everyone in the area ordering, beware of both horrendous customer service and an underwhelming online ordering experience. I ordered a burger online [medium rare, no toppings, no fries], which was $6.99, per the menu. I looked in my email confirmation and the subtotal was $8.99, an unambiguous $2.00 jump above the aforementioned advertised amount. When calling to follow up about this questionable point of billing, the woman on the phone sharply resounded with "are you having this delivered," and to my remark of "I ordered for pickup and didn't see the $2.00 amount advertised on the website" yelled back "that's just how it is," and hung up when I mentioned I was no longer interested in the burger. After calling back to see if I would receive an email confirmation of the refund, the manager mentioned "he would be working on it himself and thus I wouldn't need a confirmation." For a student in the area who frequents Copa as part of my college experience, I'm extremely disappointed by the extreme negativity surrounding my order.A friend recommended this place to me so last weekend I checked it out. I had the chicken fajita which felt more like a show (they lit the chicken hotplate on fire with tequila at the table) but it was quite good, especially since I had a shaker of Margarita. Oh yeah, I ordered a Margarita and you got a whole shaker which was nice.
The atmosphere is kinda cheap barish but stil nice since it's located in University City so I wouldn't expect too much. Great place to start of a Friday or Saturday night!I went here on a Friday night with my husband and it was a great experience! It was warm enough to sit outside (thank goodness because it was hot and loud and PACKED inside) but the waitress still paid us plenty of attention even though we were outside. We got nachos, and I had crab and corn chowder to start, followed by a crab cake sandwich with Spanish fries, and then we shared a lava cake dessert. I also had a killer Margarita- STRONG, just fyi- and my husband loved the beer selection. Great date spot! And the crowd inside seemed to be having a good time too. :)My buddy were searching for a place around campus for drinks, and stumbled across this place.  
First, its a pretty big bar and not too noisy. Granted, it was a Sunday night. They also have a large LCD screen for watching Sunday night football, which was nice. They also had a good selection of bars on draft, although I stuck with my usual choice of Yeungling.
I subtract one star as I found the bartender to be really slow in serving us. It took her a couple minutes to come over to our end of the bar, and acknowledge us.
However, it seems to be in a perfect location to the Penn Campus and I plan on checking it out again in the future.Copa has great lunch time deals, $5 Mexican Monday lunches.. half price burgers on Wednesdays, etc.. The people who work here are very friendly, and they have a lot of TVs which always have sports on.  I have only come here during lunch, so I can't speak to the rest of the day, but the lunch deals are awesome and the staff is very nice!Not the worst thing I've ever eaten, but I really wasn't impressed.  The food seemed like someone put in the bare minimum of effort to give a vague incarnation of what mexican food might be.  Service was fine.  It is extremely loud in there.  Like, party of 10-15 people screaming, loud.This was the worst experience ever.  We had to pay a cover charge to enter.  It was late & we were hungry.  First after 10 minutes of waiting we were told there was only 1 piece of salmon & we had to choose which one of us would get it.  The winner of the meal got a lg piece of salmon, & a very generous portion of asparagus.  I, the loser ordered something else.  After at least 10 minutes the waitress returned to advise they mysteriously found another piece of salmon, I was shocked, starving & famished after watching the other 4 people at my table consume most to all of their food.  I finally received my plate & guess what???  The new found much smaller dry, over cooked salmon  & the small portion of asparagus was over cooked, which lead me to believe it was someone elses leftovers re- heated.  I wasn't happy in the least but after watching everyone else finish their meals I nibbled a little.  I was an unhappy camper.  Then to round the evening off it was time to divvy up the bill.  Well we couldn't do it evenly because much to my chagrin we discovered that the pitcher of Margarita I was drinking on an empty stomach cost $30.00 + tax + gratuities.  I was very surprised, shocked  & pissed (on) off.  My stomach was empty & I didn't even get a buzz.  Yes, I could afford a $30 drink, but I would like to have been given the option of knowing so I could make a more informative decision (not to get the drink).  It wasn't worth it.
I nor any of my friends will ever go there again to be robbed.
PS.  I took my horrible meal home in a doggie bag & it stayed in my refridg until it molded, I just couldn't eat it & I wasn't leaving it for the next person who ordered the salmon & asparagus.  After all, that's how I ended up getting the booby prize!!!!Turns out this college spot isn't half bad...it's actually good. Happy hour prices are great and you get an ENTIRE shaker of margarita for $6. It's a GREAT deal. We were there to celebrate a friend's grad school accomplishment and Copa happened to be celebrating their anniversary. They had a 3 course menu for $15! And YES it's a college bar- hence the prices- but the food is good and you can't tell it's cheap. Next time the other science peeps recommend this place- I'm in!Service can sometimes be slow, even at off-hours, but the margaritas and fajitas are terrific; both are consistently good! Nice to see that the daily specials and happy hour specials are the same size as their full price versions, so those really are good deals.So I went out to Copabanana on Monday night with three 3 of my girlfriends for half price margaritas... or what we thought were half price.  We walk into the restaurant and first they have to decide if we can even be seated since we're only getting drinks and no food. IGNORANT! Next we go to order our margaritas at 9:55 P.M. and our waiter tells us that the half price margaritas are only until 10 even though the website clearly states 11P.M. so sorry but we can't get the deal.  FYI the waiter had a stank face and attitude, and he gave every other table a problem, as well!  Umm excuse me, since when do you not honor what the website says "Mondays 4-11 P.M. 1/2 price classic margaritas." I wanted to say look here dude we're at University CIty, not South Street so get your facts straight.  Ugh! If I already wasn't pissed enough, the drinks were high as hell.  The only thing that made my night was that the drinks were strong. I was able to make about 3 drinks out of their margarita shaker. So word of advice, only go to this location if you want strong drinks and can ignore the fact that good service will NOT be guaranteed.The food is average, and I (as well as many others) really just come here for the margarita specials and convenient location near Penn. The margaritas are above average, nothing mind blowing, but good value during happy hour.Unbelievably bland food. Even my chimichanga was bad. How do you make a deep-fried burrito taste bad? A friend who had the burger was just as disappointed.
The only person in our party who was happy had a taco salad that looked pretty good.Generally only come here on Wednesday afternoons when they are running half price burgers and beers. Cool atmosphere and it's fun to sit with friends over lunch, but I certainly wouldn't recommend it on the food alone.
If you're in the mood for burgers and fries, Copa is a great choice. Not the place if your in a rush as they can run a bit slow and are crowded so much of the time.Turning into my favorite quick-eats place in West Philly.  The food is just what the doctor ordered on those late-night impulsive restaurant treks.  The drinks are STRONG.  The customers are chill.  I think.  I'm not sure, I haven't been there on a weekend.  We were in there last Monday and it was packed.  Good location.So we went here after watching a movie at the Prince.  The place was crowded and very small.  Hard to get in and out of definitely.
I also remember the drinks being pretty darn small and weak.  Not like the other Copas. 
This used to be a Billabongs pool hall in my youth and I kinda wish it still was, that place was the ish.Great food, really great burgers, cool ambiance!
Copabanana was recommended to me by a few of my Penn-based friends, who highly recommended that I pay a visit.  While no doubt a bit pricey (I'd be hard pressed to say that the cost of the food was commensurate to the quality), I did like it very much.  The burgers came highly recommended, and they definitely lived up to the hype (my veggie version did, at least).
As other reviewers mentioned, the chopped salad and Spanish fries are two things to definitely sample, and I would highly recommend this location for the occasional burger-craving.  I'd even put it ahead of Bobby's Burger Palace, just for the simple reason that they actually provide a tasty veggie burger option, rather than the standard grilled cheese sandwich.
All in all, a good joint that delivers to the UC area and has a nice (trendy) atmosphere!I ordered one of their Vegan Black Bean Burgers to go, which, according to the website, comes with spicy ketchup and onion straws.  When I went to pick up the burger, I find that there was an extra "take out charge", which I wasn't told about on the phone.  Once I got home, I found out that there was no spicy ketchup and onion straws, as advertised, but mayonnaise, making this "vegan" burger anything but.  
After scraping off the mayo, I was left with a dry, crumbly, overpriced, but reasonably palatable bean burger. With so many other great lunch options in the area, I doubt I'll return.listen up folks......if you are a sincere fan of a good cosmopolitan, then you must come thru on sundays when katy is there!!!!! ....hands down, she has mastered the craftCopa is great if you want to chill, hang out with friends, and get a little bit tipsy. 
Their margaritas are really good. It's three margaritas in one price, making it a great value. If you're on the sweeter side, go for the prickled pear marg. If you like it with a kick, go classic and choose your favorite tequila (they have a good selection). Their classic margs are also $5 on Mondays from noon to 7. 
Their food is greasy and overloaded, but that's exactly what you come to Copa for. Everyone knows Wednesday means half-off all burgers. Favorite is the Toluca because it has chorizo and Chihuaha cheese. If you're attempting to be healthier, their black bean option is good. If you order a burger, be hungry because these bad boys will fill you up. If you're looking to share, the primo nachos may be right up your alley. Sour cream, avocado, cheese, pico de gallo - the dream team. Add some meat for an extra dollar and you've yourself a hefty meal. Of course, it's unhealthy - it's fake Mexican food.
It gets busy from Thursday to Saturday (although Saturday is surprisingly the most tame of the days). The restaurant gets a good mix of both student and local area clientele. Copa Underground, a strange club that Copa runs underground (hence the name) also keeps the place poppin' on weekends. 
Bottom line: Come for overly filling food and margs. Look out for food and drink specials; they're usually worth it.They still make some of the best margarita's in Philly. and the Spanish Fries are a Copa legend. Always a good time at the University City site, but my all time favorite spot is at 4th & South, great for people watching and that South St. ambiance,  just so hard to find parking.Sorry to dissapointment the guest at this establishment. I came here one Saturday with one friend and got seated for a table of two...some other friends joined us, with a total of 6 people.The total bill came to 170$ with the request of a separate check. The separate check was denied. I then asked to speak to a manager. The manager Phil said they do not have to display a policy of separate checks available. This was very disappointing along with the managers sarcasm. This place is not recommended in the future. If you spend more than 50$ an 18% gratuity is added to each check. I wish I would have been aware of the non duplicate check policy due to The fact I was with a group of people that I barely knew. Even if it was family and I requested separate checks this still was convient. Although the server was very sympathetic the situation was not resolved. Choose somewhere else.The food is average at best. The fajitas are edible, and the burgers are inconsistent--only worth it for Copa Wednesday prices. Sometimes my burger is great, and sometimes it's cold.
The service could be a lot better, but I usually go for lunch on Wednesdays, so it's crowded and loud. There's usually a wait if you go at noon, and the hostess is slow at writing people down. If there's not a wait, there's not always a hostess at the door. The food is usually slow, and the waiters are not that attentive. Copa Wednesday is very popular, so the restaurant is pretty noisy. However, I would only come when the burgers are $4.There is precisely one reason to come to Copa: 1/2-price burger Wednesdays. If you come for this, you will likely not be disappointed. You will get a burger that is not far off from Bobby's for only a couple of dollars. 
I've been here during the evenings a few times, and it's really not my scene. It appears to be a heavy-drinking sort of crowd, and often has reps from various liquor companies giving away samples of whatever the newest palate-wrecking-sweet liquor is. Again, I'm just saying that it's not my thing personally; you may enjoy it. 
The service is hit or miss, but the servers are usually pretty nice. Sometimes on burger Wednesdays, you should consider asking for the check a little before you actually want it (especially if you have to be somewhere), because it can get busy.I have a soft spot for this Copa. The other location on South Street is fine, but I much prefer this restaurant. Their margaritas are pretty good and I love getting a flavored double-it's the perfect amount for an entire dinner. 
Their burgers are delicious and I have two favorite flavors. For brunch time (weekends), I get the eggs benedict burger. Soo good. For lunch/dinner, I fully enjoy the Acapulco burger (guacamole and chunky salsa). It's always so juicy and dripping off my fingers. 
This place is always buzzing and was awesome this summer for the World Cup ($5 nachos!). Any day, any time, I really enjoy Copa, and often crave it. But best times to go are obviously brunch on weekends for a burger and $3 boozy brunch drinks and Wednesday from 12-5 for half off burgers.Our server was incredibly rude and knew absolutely nothing about the drink or food specials. A margarita served as a martini was really confusing. It was really cheap so I'll probably be back. I'll just sit at the bar next time.Came here for brunch and it was an great choice.  
I will admit I had my reservations when I saw the "best burger in Philly" in neon lights.  Usually places that make those kind of claims fall flat on their face. Not to mention that when I have been past here its full of college kids, lets just say i was expecting mediocrity.
The inside has a long bar, and an array of small closely placed tables all over. Sat down waitress was really nice.  I ordered a coke and she refilled it several times without me asking
Breakfast burrito was on point and the person I came here with got the huevos rancheros. Had a few bites of theirs and it was reallllly good and very big.
All and all i was pleasantly surprised by the food here and how nice the waitstaff was. Will be back soon for another brunch!You know those people who like to celebrate their birthdays for like a whole month? Well, my sister is definitely in that same camp! I came here with her on the last weekend of her month-long celebration. We only ordered wings and drinks. I got the Copa Lemonade, she got the Patron Margarita. We were lit after the 1st drink!! Those drinks were strong and the wings (Jerk wings) were moderately spicy but so soo delicious. 
Our server informed us that they have karaoke during the week on Thursdays. The atmosphere seemed chill enough and it's far enough away from home to debut my singing chops without fear of being outed. I will be back.Food is alright. Typical bar food, nothing really special. Not a huge fan of their nachos but the potato skins are quite good. The place can get very rowdy and crowded so for a fun night out it is perfect. But if you are looking to have a nice dinner this is not the place. The margaritas are so-so. Sometimes they are way too strong and other times too sweet. Also drinks can get very expensive if it is not happy hour. Also the service is not that great but also not terrible.  Overall, pretty mediocre place but can be fun with the right crowd.The margaritas are really strong and come in delicious flavors--plus there are always specials and happy hours if you want to get plain drinks for $5! I do enjoy coming here as a laid back, gritty sort of catching up with friends occasion---and the burgers are a great deal on Wednesdays! Everything is always so greasy though: great for an all-out, drinks and gross food type of mood, but generally not the best place to go if you want real food. The servers vary in their politeness, ranging from polite and kind to snarky and "whatever" attitude. To balance out the greasiness, sometimes I get the black bean or veggie burger, always with added Atlantic City topping (lettuce tomato onion and cheese) for a dollar, and don't order fries (although I usually am tempted to steal a friend's). Do not order nachos; they are soggy, overfilled with sour cheese and other greasy mess, and are heated probably in the microwave.Copa University City could not possibly overdo the Day of the Dead theme more than it already does.  WIth skeletons, mardi gras beads and various other paraphernaila hanging from the ceiling, it's a toss-up between whether it's kitschy-cool or just tacky.  During the day, when there are no Penn students (and in fact nobody else) there, it might pass for kitschy cool.  The bar is actually really nice--super long, solid and shiny.  It's darkly lit and divey in a saloon kind of way.  But then night rolls around and the douchebag factor is intolerable.
Reasons to go: good happy hour discounts, cheap margaritas.So before I came to this place I came on yelp to review it, and while the reviews were basically 50/50 I decided to give them a chance. First, it took us 45 minutes to finally get our appetizers. A guest in our party didn't get the correct order. She specifically asked for no tomatoes because of her allergies- she received tomatoes. When the waiter tried to bring the right order the chef still got it wrong. They brought out literally pita bread and lettuce- the meat was missing. Pissed, she wound up leaving the restaurant only to pick something up on the way home. On another note, me and my cousin ordered the jerk wings and each meal came out differently. My wings were coated in the jerk sauce while his wings were dry and the jerk sauce was in a puddle underneath them.  I ordered the peach double margarita. Although it didn't taste like peach (more like grapefruit), it poured 4 glasses and had a good amount of liquor. While, on the other hand, my cousin had a single strawberry margarita and said it tasted like syrup and didn't really have any liquor at all. We had a cool waiter I guess....there were more things that went wrong, but I really don't feel like typing anymore. I'm thinking the 2 stars says it all.I come here a lot bc it's convenient. They have a $5 menu from 12-5pm on Mondays that's pretty good for the price. Their fajitas on Thursdays are all $10 and is pretty good. But my favorite food here would def have to be the salmon. Nothing fancy, and ok food. Brandy is amazing and very nice!This is the place my 30-something circle stops by from time to time, to take the opportunity to feel [somewhat, vaguely, remotely] 20-something again.
The drinks are the most consistent things you can get here. There's also a decent beer selection, for when it's time to start slowing down at the end of the night. The food is generally mediocre at best, but let's face it, that's NOT what we or the university kids are here for.
When it comes to cleanliness, this location is pristine, compared to it's sister spot on South Street. Ewwww.
Lame-ish food, sketchy sanitation practices and all, Copa's is still a long-lived, go-to spot to get strong, tasty adult beverages, and to enjoy a chance to get a little loud and wild, if only just for the night.Copa is a great choice for ambience and the burgers especially on Wednesday. We  visited copabanana one Wednesday to try their half price burgers. We had two of them. A turkey meet burger n a beef burger(don't remember the exact names) and a plate of Spanish fries. 
We were seated in the basement floor. It was a hot afternoon and really sunny day. 
The restaurant has a cozy ambience. Jus loved it. The person who took the order had a really nice attitude. Though there was a bit of wait time, the burgers really were worth the price. Both the burgers were juicy. Salt n pepper were also provided to adjust the seasoning. 
Overall it was a nice experience.Got take out last night. This copa is so clean ! Service was fast and friendly . Food was awesome- burger was among the best, fajita salad was great- chicken done right, fresh greens  and guac was fresh and delicious . Of course the Spanish fries were awesome too . Great quick reasonably priced meal, nice menu selection , something for everyone . Will def be back to this locationI always love this bar. This used to be a regular stop for my friend and I. After tonight I don't think that will be the case. Our bartender seemed like he was very under the influence of something. I watched him attempt to swipe my card at least 10 times. I was charged $20 for a double margarita. I was never charged more than $9 all the other times I've gone. The nachos were still on point though.If it is not during happy hour (when cheaper), I would NEVER go here. My friend and I ordered the black bean tacos, the beef tacos, an arugula salad, and chips and guac. First of all, the chips were stale and cold. Second, they gave us a TINY dish of guacamole that was not enough for the bowl of chips. When I requested some sour cream to finish them off, they charged me for it (the chips and guac were already like 7 bucks, ripoff). The tacos were also horrible. The ingredients in the arugula salad were entirely from a can. This was all for about $35-ish dollars. We were so angry we didn't just go to Qdoba.Ridiculous. Took 65 minutes to get food. Yes, kitchen backups happen, but well after the dinner rush? Nope. When we finally did get our food, the vegetarian among us was served beef tacos in place of black bean tacos. Also not acceptable.My first visit to Copabanana I was a bit disappointed because I was expecting more of a Tex-Mex experience, however, I tried one of their burgers and it was huge and pretty tasty.  Their famous "Spanish Fries" aren't all that great unless you get them with cheese.  I recently tried a cheesesteak and was underwhelmed.  It was a lot of steak and only a little cheese and no friend onions or peppers (you had to pay extra for those).  My girlfriend tried the tacos and really liked them.  So I guess it's really a mixed bag with Copabanana.  On the plus side, the portions are pretty big and their burgers are tasty.  Also, they have a lot of seafood items if you're into that.  Overall I'm still a fan and my girlfriend and I have gone back many times.  Just be prepared to not be totally wowed.This is to me what Jerusalem is for the Jewish people; the homeland. Also, I clarified the intensive rumors surrounding the margaritas, and it is in fact, Tequila, not Tequila flavored vodka (told them I was allergic to vodka so they def didn't lie). Would recommend to all best friends (but only if I get free margaritas for life)Margaritas are strong & pretty tasty.  Prices are reasonable.
Server was friendly and helpful.
There's outside seating (on the sidewalk).  Easygoing vibe, good for hanging out with friends.  Nothing strikes me as special, but it's a solid place to chill.  I wouldn't mind coming back sometime if I'm in the area..Really good burgers. I've gotten a lot of them (they come with different awesome toppings too), and they always come consistently cooked to order (medium-rare, just the way I like them). Big portions but a little stingy on the sides. The fries are pretty good. It's a little expensive, about $10 for burger and fries. Watch out for their specials (1/2 off burgers Wednesday lunch).
They also have cheap beer, and the Eagles game is always on. The waitstaff is not exactly friendly but not rude either... Wednesday is local night.Food: 2
Decor: 2.5
Ambiance: 3
Service: 1
Value: 2
We've tried it twice. There will not be a third. Terrible service, and sick afterwards.Copabanana is an institution in the area, like the sketchy arcade that never has anyone in it and the mysterious sweet shop which is open 21 hours a day and is clearly a front for drug runners.  
The burgers are huge and delicious, and consistently cooked.  The waitstaff act like slow-moving veterans of an on-going war, probably because that's exactly what they are.  Between the rowdy Penn kids that wander in for pitchers and dance parties and the rowdy locals that wander in for pitchers and to glare at white kids having dance parties, the clientele can be a handful.First things first, $7.99 for a half cup of guacamole (which wasn't very fresh) and stale, unsalted tortilla chips, is beyond unreasonable. 
The drinks are average...not very strong. If you are looking for a strong drink, go to their South Street location. I got the mojito because there was a half off special. Let's just say it should have been free. Not even tasty.
Our waitress was nice. That's about it. Don't think is worth the money. Go elsewhere!I debated between a 3 and 4 for Copabanana but decided to settle on a 4 because in truth I really enjoy going here.  The downside to this place is that it can be extremely busy at times (in the evening for example) and there are sometimes long waits or it gets really loud.  Also, even during slow times I've had pretty slow, unimpressive service.  Also it can be really hard to find parking in the area.  On the plus side, they have really great specials and really delicious burgers.  Their Yucatan Burger with jalapenos and bleu cheese substituted in is probably my all time favorite burger.  Portions are large and prices are too terribly outrageous.I've been eating here for years, but something must have happened to their management in the last 12 mos. or so, because for the last year, the price of my food changes by the minute.  Literally.
The last 3 times I ate there, the price on the menu was different from what I was being charged and the food listed was different then what appeared on my plate.  Of those 3 times, 2 of them were orders from Campusfood.com, but when I alerted the restaurant to their mistake on the online menu, all they could say was, "That's too bad.  We'll have to fix that."  Never mind that I paid for something I didn't get.  Never mind that I did it twice.  I also got a half-ass apology when I was at the restaurant and noticed that the bill was different than what the menu had listed.  I was told that I had accidentally received an old menu.
I like their food, but not enough to put up with the attitude that I get when I alert them to their mistakes.  There's no reason to treat a paying customer like that.Decent food, good margaritas.
The Wednesday half price burger deal is amazing, but I would not order a burger any other day. It's very expensive for what you get; that goes for most of the food on the menu. And caution when you go on Wednesday; odds are it's incredibly crowded and difficult to get good service due to the amount of customers. However, I will say that I frequented this establishment mostly for their happy hours. Half price margaritas is a steal, and they are really solid drinks, both strong and tasty. 
When you go during an off time, service is always excellent, and the staff is incredibly friendly and kind. Overall, I would recommend.Great trash cans! Awesome bartenders... We were only here for maybe 30 min at maximum and left so I wouldn't be able to tell you how the food is etc. cocktails were phenomenal. Prices were descent and the DJ or whoever was playing music was playing great music. Super upbeat and old school too! A lot of cops outside this establishment when it's closer to closing time. It has outside seating as well. Street parking available. They take debit cards. Bathroom was relatively clean although they could probably check on the bathroom 2x during the night and touch it up. I would definitely recommend this place. We went on a Friday night and it wasn't too crowded.I ordered delivery from here and it was honestly one of the worst delivery experiences I have ever had. It told me about am hour wait for food. After an hour and a half, I called the restaurant to see what was up. The rude girl who answered the phone told me that the delivery guy was on a bike and it would be there shortly. I made sure to ask her if the food would still be warm since it was cold and it was on a bike. She seemed offended and told me of course. After two hours, no food. I called back to speak to a manager. The manager was nice, and told me he would check where the delivery guy was and get right back to me. 25 minutes later I still hadn't heard anything, so I called back and asked for the manager. He told me that the delivery guy was supposed to be there. He wasn't. He offered to make me more food, but I asked for a refund instead. Later that night, the food showed up. It was freezing cold, and just crammed into a to go container, most of it upside down. It was stuck to the wax paper and completely inedible, even after being heated up. It's been over a week and still no refund. I will never order delivery from here again.I had a chicken burger.  It seemed lean and healthy enough.  The mango chutney was more like a thin mango sauce though.  The Spanish Fries looked good.  Philly cheesesteak is huge there.This place is great!  The food is decently priced, and so are the drinks.  They have a good beer selection, and if you order a martini you'll get a tumbler large enough to refill your glass three times and with plenty of alcohol in it!  They have a decent vegetarian selection and also plenty of meat.  They're appetizers are real good too, and I recommend the Mexican Fries with Jalapeno peppers and onions!
The place is pretty busy and right in the heart of University City, so the only downside is that sometimes the service can be a little slower than you might want.It may be that this place is simply not for vegetarians who drink beer, but I'm amazed that people rate this place highly for value of food or drinks given our lunchtime experience.  Granted, we came here only once and weren't disappointed with our server, but the veggie cheesesteaks were some kind of rice or barley mixture on bread.  That's starch on starch, folks, which is both bland and kind of sickening.  And the beer we ordered, although it was German and hence decent for West Philly, wasn't cheap.  I've heard a rumor that they get a lot of German beers on their tap list, but there's a reason we don't come here regularly (beyond the fact we don't DJ here most Fridays and occasional Wednesdays)--that is, it wasn't very good the one time we came in on a slow lunch shift.  I shiver when I think of what the place is like when full of college kids.I hate this Copa's with a passion. I LOVE Copa's South St., but this place is the worst! I've been here at least 4 times and have never had a good encounter. The staff is consistently rude and slow, and the food is not as good as their South St. location.this place is going down hill fast.  it used to be a gem in the university city area now its the pits.  the food is hit or miss and the staff is the worst wait and hosting staff I have ever come across.  this place is small and is on high demand especially on Mondays " margarita Mondays" and I can tell that sometimes the staff is overwhelmed.  The only thing that is consistent here is the drinks.  I have yet to have had a bad drink experience here.  but the drinks alone is not enough to keep me coming back.  if im in the area and I see that its immediate seating and im in the mood for a good margarita I will definitely stop in  but otherwise I will RIDE RIGHT PASS this almost HOLE IN THE WALL.Been here multiple times, and I've never had an issue. The most recent visit was for the end to a boozy day in the city. Pina coladas were on point, and even though they're from a machine, wayy more alcohol in them than the Margaritas in Center City that were more expensive. Shots are full sized, the waitress was attentive and kind, and the location is ideal for the area. 
Along with the drinks, and the rowdy weekday nights sometimes, I've also always loved the Spanish fries, which stick to the paper sometimes but there is so much extra cheese you can hardly notice! Come for half-priced burger and sandwich Wednesday for an early dinner, or any night of the week for half price quesadillas and drink specials. Will eat here again soon and try something new after all these years!This was such a huge mistake. Unfortunately for us, we were on a time constraint and did not have the opportunity to eat elsewhere. 
1. Service was absolutely terrible!
2. Food (cheesesteak) took 30 minutes to come and it wasn't even warm. 
3. Appetizer (nachos-their version) was disgusting. The chips were stale and the guacamole was brown. 
They weren't even busy and the wait stuff kept chatting instead of helping customers. 
At one point there was a dispute over a check and the waitress instead of just taking care of it starts barking back at the customer. 
Another group of 4 had been sitting there for a while (as we had all that time to sit and twiddle our thumbs) and did not even get water. The young man went and asked the waiter and he said they would come right to them and nothing! He did not go to them and continued to chat. Another 10 minutes and the foursome left and as they left, the waiter had the nerve to say 'didn't lose anything anyway' with us sitting there! 
Truly disgusting place! 
Ps. They included the tip in the check without saying a word.First, I want to say that I am usually pretty generous with my ratings but this place just didn't work for me.
The food: the food was eh to mediocre. I had the jerk chicken which the seasoning tasted nothing like jerk seasoning. It was edible but not good. I ordered the garlic spinach with it and they loaded it with nearly raw onions. Not very tasty. My wife had the enchiladas which were basically bland cheese melted onto an okay tortilla.
I did not get a chance to review their apparently amazing margaritas so maybe if I do go back I will re review.
The atmosphere: the atmosphere wasn't great. It was kind of boring and the long skinny dining room was less than desirable.
The service: the one redeeming quality was the above average service.
All in all, if you are thinking about coming here don't. Go to mad mex or distrito insteadI've been in here a few times and had mediocre service and food, but nothing worth getting on Yelp to complain about. 
That changed today.
I was craving some guacamole and decided to do delivery from here because I couldn't think of a better option. Bad decision. Not only did I pay nearly $7 for a tiny bit of guac and some chips, but the quesadilla that I also got was a mess. They clearly don't give a crap about the quality of the delivery. The whole thing was piled into a corner of the to-go container. I couldn't even separate out the pieces and just had to take a knife and fork to the mess. It wasn't even that good. $20 for a tiny bit of guac and a crappy destroyed chicken quesadilla. Never again.I came here with a friend at 2PM on a Wednesday (half-priced burgers) and there was a huge line. Thankfully, my friend arrived a bit early and sat down first, or else we would have had to wait at least 15-20 minutes. I ordered the charbroiled burger, but the patty was definitely not half a pound's worth of meat. I asked for medium well, but they served a slightly dry well done. Got the St. Tropez condiments, a good blend. I unfortunately had to put lots of ketchup on my patty to avoid the dry meat taste. Were it not for the half-priced burgers, I probably wouldn't come here. Service was simply mediocre.If I could give this place zero stars, I would. We sat in a dingy corner with crappy lighting, the table wasn't sturdy. Waiter LOU was no fun. Awful attitude. No utensils until asked for. No napkins. No water until asked for. Then!!!!!!!  We had some of our party leave and paid for their own tab. But when our tab was given to us, we were charged nachos, and we called our party that left, and they said they didn't order any nachos. We had to pay for nachos we didn't even order/eat. What kind of customer service is that? To try and prove us wrong. We're not ones to get anything and not pay for it. NO ONE ORDERED NACHOS!!!!! I'm never going here again. Copa, you need to get it together. 
- angry ass customerLiterally the worst experiences of my life. Went there twice, got turned away for my REAL ID. Worst establishment in Philly.My friend and I came here for dinner in the new neighborhood. I had a $5 off coupon if you spend $15+ so we decided to try it. Both were glad we did. The menu has burgers/American cuisine i.e. sandwiches, Southwestern fare and Caribbean fare. We both got Southwestern fare: Chicken/Spinach Enchiladas combo - which comes will rice and black beans. Yum! Plus we shared some Spanish Fries. You get refills of soda and our waiter was accommodating. Also this restaurant has daily specials and weekday Happy Hour from 5-7pm. The service was prompt and food tasty. We will be back.I've been here a few times, for brunch, dinner, and late-night snacks. All in all, it leaves a lot to be desired.
Thoughts on various offerings:
Chili: Strange gamey taste. Usually I really like chili, but it just tastes 'off' here and I can't eat it.
Quaesadilla: Dry, and not nearly enough sour cream or guac for the amount of tortilla. Not worth the money.
Fajitas: These are some of their more showy items; they carry the tray of meat/peppers/onions out and light it on fire to burn off the alcohol. Unfortunately, the taste still isn't great -- even though the meat and onions are the best part of the dish. I have had this dish multiple times and the rice is always undercooked and hard, and the fajitas stick together to the point where I cannot separate them to eat the dish as intended. It's a cool show, but the food does not measure up.
Wings: Acceptable wings. Nothing great, but nothing bad either, just your standard buffalo wings. These I can eat and be happy with.
Omelet: On Sundays they do a brunch, and one of their offerings is an omelet. I don't think they actually know how to make omelets. When I order it, I usually get essentially an egg sandwich -- three eggs scrambled, folded in half, with a pocket of ham and cheese and other ingredients inside. The ingredients aren't actually mixed into the omelet, so it doesn't even feel like a complete dish.
Steak and eggs: The other brunch special of note. This I actually like; the steak is always cooked properly and it goes well with the eggs and toast. 
Overall, they have a couple of good dishes, but a lot of their menu just does not work. I do not recommend this restaurant. There are other, better places to get this kind of bar food. I will likely return once more for fairness to try a burger, as I hear that's something they do well, but I don't expect my rating to change.The margarita was AMAZING - $9.99 for essentially 2.5 margaritas. The bar tender poured my glass and left the shaker and it had another drink and a half with lots of ice so it stayed cold. The Guac was delicious and my boyfriend had the chimichanga and loved it. Thanks for the great lunch!The food here is okay, not great but it'll definitely fill ya up. The half-off burgers on Wednesday are definitely the highlight. They have plenty of set options for toppings which cost extra; I usually go with the Monte Carlo (cheddar and mushrooms) and of course add BBQ sauce. The brunch is also not too bad. It's reasonably priced, and the omelette and breakfast potatoes are standard fare.The food is okay and only acceptable on Wednesdays (half priced burgers). Sometimes it makes me sick, not gonna lie (especially if I try to work out within 24 hours of eating it).
Try to eat outside if its nice. Sometimes if its busy you get shoved into the basement with no windows and the servers forget you're down there so you pretty much run out of water. 
I've had the nachos, they were pretty average. The buffalo burger was pretty good though.Love copa. South street location is better than 40th street if you ask me but still it's a good time. Love the margaritas and Spanish fries are my favorite. For quick eats and good drinks, copa is a safe bet.Just went there for drinks. I was celebrating my 41st birthday and had a pomegranate frozen margarita. It was delish.Love their burgers and Spanish fries. It's a good option for lunch and you're looking for a big greasy delicious burger. Moderately priced food. I'm just a burger person hahaDOWNGRADE.
I like your house fries, I like your burgers, heck there's a lot I like about you.
I don't like your house salad anymore, it tastes like grass.
I don't like that your nachos are sparsely covered so I get a whole lot of that chips with no stuff on them deal.
I don't like waiting at a podium for 4 minutes before someone even acknowledges me to tell me I'll be waiting for them to be ready to serve me. 
I don't like trying drinks here. Quantity never trumps quality, folks. (But if you feel like it does, you'll love getting about 2.7 cocktails with your drink order.)The atmosphere was a bit too loud and altogether unsettling. The food was 100% average, the fries soft and the burger lacking any type of flavor. Probably the review is so negative because I didn't get a drink, but still, come on now.Set up = good
Food = decent
Service = EXCELLENT!!
Angie was fantastic, attentive and kinda cute.
While I had been here many times, this visit compelled me to write a review.
Check this spot out for an afternoon meal!!He says:  Got a delivery burger here when the girl and I really needed a burger (too much Man vs Food episodes back to back).  The burgers are actually quite good.  Definitely above average, cooked properly, and they have quite a good selection of tasty sounding items to choose from.  Also tried the Spanish fries, which were quite tasty.  I liked it enough I'd probably rate it a 3.5.  They get rounded down to 3 though because of a couple issues.  Firstly, they forgot my cheese on one of my fry orders.  Cheese is essential for Spanish fries- do not leave home without it.    Secondly, their online menus don't give you a good way to order custom burgers.  I would have wanted a burger with a few extras, but I ended up not asking for them because I couldn't tell if I'd have to spend more on them.  With that said, the burgers are good and the prices are reasonable.  I'll probably give them another shot over the summer.
She said: The burger was surprisingly tasty!  The spanish fries were also quite interesting -- basically sauteed jalapenos and onions with fries -- the dish doesn't really come together without something to bind everything (e.g., cheese), but the fries were quite tasty and reasonably seasoned with salt.  Overall, I enjoyed the experience.The. Margaritas. Are. Great. I got a double which was really like a quadruple. They are not skimpy at all. Nacho meat was amazing. It was crowded even for a Tuesday evening. We easily found street parking on a close neighborhood street. Would definitely go back.I recently came here for brunch and was very happy with my $3 mimosa and yummy and flavorful huevos rancheros. It wasn't super crowded at 11 AM on a Sunday, but the staff were all friendly, and the service was great. It was affordable and delicious!Had the grilled chicken fajitas and watermelon mojito and both were great. You get a lot of food and it's not very expensive. The place is casual and has been really busy when I've been there so you might have to wait a little while for a table.Copabanana is one of my favorite burger joints in the city. I think I've ordered from here once a week for about a year now. I usually get the Brighton burger, but have tried a few of them and they're all really good. I also like that they've recently added ciabatta bread, which adds a nice twist to a classic burger. They also have amazing Turkey burgers if you're looking for a healthier option.I actually really like this place and have been here numerous times and I would prefer to give it 5 stars. It has great hours, good food and great takeout items.
 I wish I could go back but there is something that really bothers me about the place that I am not sure but perhaps it has changed by now and if it has please respond to this Yelp ( not only will I come back but I Will change the star rating to 5). 
But the last time I was there I was dating my husband. We went there on a date. We had an awesome time until the end we where handed a bill with an 18% mandatory tip. I am all about tipping and we usually give 20 %. I was flabbergasted. It should be your choice what you tip there were only two of us at the table not a big group where some places require a already tacked on gratuity. I even said to the waitress that we really did not like having a mandatory tip. They said students go there and forget to tip.
 I don't think there should be a mandatory tip of you need to do it make it 15 percent and let the customer decide if they want to make it 20%. We both don't like the principle of your mandatory tip and where I used to come to your establishment sometimes numerous times a week, I have not been back at all for over 4 years because of your mandatory tip.Ok food and service, can be hit or miss depending on the night. Menu is pretty big and not all Mexican food. Ok drink deals.Copabanana has its purpose. It clings to the edge of Penn's campus, thriving off the late night munchies and sloshed Friday nights of an entire student body. There's no doubt its half-priced burger Wednesdays and big, boozy margaritas are beloved by many. However, if you are not a college student looking for a greasy pregame, there is really no reason for you to ever step foot in this place. Philadelphia is full of compelling Mexican options that far, FAR outshine the limp and lifeless fare at Copabanana.
I'd been avoiding giving it a try for a while and finally found myself in with laminated menu in hand and cheery mariachi music all around, the other night, for a dinner-meeting. Expectations low, I conserved my spending and opted for a $6 grilled veggie quesadilla. "Would you like salsa, sour cream, and guac with that?" our waitress asked me. "Yes, please." These (in my experience, quesadilla staples) were a couple bucks extra. Despite the appetizer status of my order, the quesadilla was quite large, certainly enough for a full meal. My excitement over this was quickly undone by my first bite. I *think* the cheese was actually cheese? I vaguely recall the crunch of a watery veggie or two? I'm not going to fool myself by saying it wasn't heated in a microwave. Across from me, my dining mate picked at her severely overcooked salmon burger, slathered in the sauce she requested not be included due to dietary restrictions. We both gazed forlornly at our empty water glasses, filled once when we were seated and then never again. 
I could totally see how this meal, the whole place, would be one delicious bucket of fun if you're super drunk at 2am. You'll find me in line at Wawa for my late night fix, where the quesadilla is infinitely superior (and cheaper), or somewhere dreaming of better meals had in airports.Dropped in for lunch based on the website I viewed on my phone.
Well, the photos on the phone were cleaner than the restaurant(not dirty, just well worn), but the food, the waitress and the drink was fantastic! 
I ordered the Jerk Mahi with a Ginger Margarita
FANTASTIC! 
We had the place to ourselves, except for 2 moms with a total of 5 well behaved, adorable babies, and the usual bar patrons watching basketball. 
Can't wait for another reason to go backwe went for my friends birthday service was really bad, the burgers we ordered were undercooked and one of us got food poisoning (the birthday girl). The Salmon was too dry and the food took an hour and half to come out. Dessert, tasted dry and like it was freezer burnt. Their excuse was we have too many costumers at the moment. 
Definitely not going back and would not recommend for anyone who wants to have a nice meal.... go for the drinks possibly???Came here leaving owing for a new place to eat in the city. At first I was thinking it was a Mexican type restaurant, but they have a broader menu than that. They specialize in burgers, but also offer chicken, bison, and steak sandwiches, along with tacos, fajitas, and chicken plates. 
I heard the margaritas were good, and they were great! They have a variety of flavors, I had strawberry. You can choose the type of tequila you would like as well, which is nice. You are served a full glass along with the shaker. Honestly, the glass is small so I'm not sure if it's a good thing you get the extra shaker or just a normal sized drink. Either way, it was excellent!
For my own dinner, I had a grilled chicken sandwich. It had honey mustard and I decided to get jack cheese and fries added on. Also has chicken quesadillas and Mac and cheese. Those two were just ok. Would go back for the sandwich.
Seating is a little tight, but it's a restaurant in the city. Waitress was great and offered suggestions to us. No major complaint there!Great nachos and chicken club sandwich!!The spanish cheddar fries here are literally to die for. great variety of drinks and drafts too!!This is one of my favorite places to visit when I am in the city on Wednesday, 1/2 price burgers out of this world taste, sit down with a Cold one served by good bartenders. Place is usually packed always but a little bit before lunch or a bit after you will get rite in. I think it's only till 4:00 so keep that in mind.Food is cool service and atmosphere is lousey. And very loud i asked to move seating twice and still a particular group of patrons was very loud with no one to ask them to quiet down a bit... the ppl who dined here that night were very upset.Been here numerous times for their burgers. I can't figure out why people rave about them, because they're just acceptable (and incredibly overpriced on non-Wednesdays).
The meat is in fact delicious and juicy, and they can cook your burger however you like. So what's the problem? Now I'm no burger doctor, but I think their problem is with their buns and toppings. The buns are oversized pillows and they sort of conquer the poor patty instead of complementing the meat flavor. Toppings are added as an afterthought, always lacking in quantity and flavor. In fact many times I've considered going for no topping at all. Or going somewhere else entirely, like Chipotle.
Service and seating are decent, they gets you in and out the door fairly quickly. Tip: Make a reservation if you've got a large party for Wednesday lunch.There would have been FIVE stars, but the waitress was unable to split the check 4 ways.
The food was a good portion for the price paid.
The music wasn't too loud.  
The last time I was in there the music was new and the staff wasn't born yet. :-)Went on a Saturday night with 6 adults.  Food was comparable to a college dive bar. Service was lame. No one was motivated to help us - server sat at the bar and a socialized with friends. Ambiance was not a good match for 6 suburban adults. Probably a better scene for college students.Sunday family lunch was good.  Friend recommended fish and chips. She said the fish was thick, good pieces and not too greasy in her book, that's a big yes. Kid really like his Philly cheese steak. Nice atmosphere. Good prices.
There are specials at certain times on different days if the week. Sunday late afternoon was half full. Nice people good family atmosphere. 
So... What irks me is our server is slow and lazy. She has been hanging out behind the bar most of the time flirting big time with the bartender. Obvious she likes him a lot. Only problem is she clearly wants to do the bare minimum, and even though our six top has finished our waters and teas lots of empty glasses- she was clearly not interested in walking 20 feet to refill glasses. Any bad service is a peeve for me. I have worked all sorts of restaurant jobs as manager, bartender, and server. I just expect a little effort. And this server seemed irritated if anyone asked for 1 refill. And after we were all finished, it took her about twenty minutes to stop flirting with the bartender, and bring the bill. Took so long I wrote this review while watching her do nothing and waiting.Great happy hour specials on margaritas! Yum.This is very casual, student-y oriented, just a fun spot.  Came on a Wednesday a couple weeks back and got parking on the block and just the right amount of attention from the staff.  Weds are half-price burgers UNTIL 5 pm -- coming in after 5, it was not even half full.  But the happy hour was good, reduced-price mini-pitcher of margaritas and some good appetizers -- the quesadilla could almost make a meal.  Played it safe for my entrée with a grilled salmon on salad, and it was fine.  Had fun with my dinner partner, got plenty of time to talk together, it wasn't loud while we were there....  for a casual Wednesday supper out, this was very good.I went to this establishment on 12.26.18 and initially I was having a great time. The service was very slow although the restaurant was kind of empty. I waited over an hour for my food. A server  (Denay) that was not my original server finally brought my food out after an hour wait only to provide the incorrect order. When I notified her the food she provided wasn't the correct order, she was rude and disrespectful. She even said "I'm not your server so I don't care" I reported her behavior to Pete who indicated he was the manager and she was not reprimanded. He just took an order and a drink off my bill. This place has TERRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE. Additional training is needed for their floor staff in customer service and problem solving. Visit this establishment if you want a great margarita with a dash of disrespect.I came here to celebrate a friend's birthday. We sat at the bar and ordered food and drinks. I ordered the copa lemonade which was delicious! They put vodka in it and ask you if you want the house vodka, absolut, grey goose, or ciroc. They bartender mentioned that most people love the peach ciroc that they add to it, so I chose the ciroc. Mind you, the copa lemonade is only 7.50. She didn't tell me that it would be five dollars extra to add the ciroc to my drink, so when I got my check I was unpleasantly surprised.  No wonder she was selling the ciroc so hard. On top of that, she added the 18% gratuity even though there were only three of us and we all got separate checks. This place has a fun atmosphere, but I don't like when bartenders try to trick you into spending more money. I'll definitely keep my eyes open if I ever find myself here again.Went here last Saturday . Food was awesome and wayyyy better than the one on south st . Drinks are stronger ! Loll played some good music ! Loved itThis is my first review ever on Yelp. I own a restaurant. It is more difficult then you would think......good service and great food. The service in this location was okay, the food experience was the worst. The chicken quesadilla which I ate and the shrimp fajihita my guest had could have been prepared my a grade school cook. Awful. The place was expensive and the automatic add on the gratuity is like being held up at gun point. I can understand on a large group this is common practice, but anything over $50 is very unfair. You should be allowed to tip based on the quality of service. I will visit this site again to give it one more chance. I hope the quality of this food experience was just a bad night as I appreciate all of the risk that you take when you own a restaurant. Passion in the kitchen!The ambience (the decor, the cross ventillating windows, and the Latino music playing) is truly tropical, BUT....the quality of food and service sucks. This place had a lot of potential to make it big as one of the very few caribbean themed restaurants in Philly, only if they didn't serve fish fillets as crab cakes (Yes, they did that!), or they didn't serve desserts out of the frozen section of the refrigerator, or they atleast had the decency to provide cutlery and napkins (hello, my dress might not be the best place to rub the sauce off my face).
Also, waiting 40 mins for food to be served during weekday lunch hours is not a great proposition for most people, when there were hardly 5 other guests in the restaurant!I had a mojito and nachos here. Both items were average. Wasn't really blown away by either.  The service wasn't bad but as soon as I sat down they asked for a credit card as if they were afraid I'd dine and dash, for that I'm deducting a star.This review is for the food only (I'd go back for happy hour), and while I admittedly have a small selection of experience, I am thoroughly disappointed and do not intend to eat there again unless my friends force me to.
The burgers. I have literally zero idea.how everyone thinks they're so good. They're not juicy, the toppings are not great, and the brioche bun is so big and adds nothing but more mass to your dry bite.
The fries are fine but the cheese fries suck. The whiz is just.not good and they always sprinkle it with their red sprinkle stuff (some sort of seasoning that I don't like on my cheese fries...never remember to tell them not to put it on. But it shouldn't be there if it doesn't taste good, and it doesn't. Its edible on the plain fries.)
-
I've had a couple other things including the nachos. My friend loves them. I think Chipotle's are significantly better.
And finally brunch. What a disappointment. They just started brunch maybe a month or two ago. And really I could do so much better in my own kitchen. I ordered an omelet with fried onions, cheese, and Ham. The omelet was a plain omelet and folded in the middle was the onions, cheese, and ham. And the ham was literally one large piece of ham. Not cut up into little pieces. So frustrating to eat. Same with my friends cheddar and bacon omelet. It was eggs and folded in the middle was the cheese and a couple of strips of bacon. Strips of bacon...That's not an omelet!!! The only saving grace was the home fries which were actually good. Thin potatoes with good seasoning and I ordered them with onions which made them even better.
My friend ordered the French toast and said it was weirdly gooey like it was probably undercooked. Others were unimpressed as well, except the one who ordered the Burgers Benedict (with a turkey burger) and the one who ordered eggs and bacon with home fries. They liked theirs.
Worst of all, on this most recent visit for brunch, the food took a good half hour to get to us. And we were literally the only people in the place. Not cool. Plus the food was cold/lukewarm when it got to us, and I found a jalapeno in my home fries that wasn't supposed to be there.
Fortunately its not horribly expensive. Entrees ranged from like 7-13$.Plenty of happy hour deals every weekday! It's the perfect college/young adult bar. The drinks are strong/large enough to get you going without having to break your bank. The food I've had (quesadilla and nachos) were meh but let's be honest, who goes to happy hour to have a gourmet meal? At least the fajitas were a ton of food for only $10. Go for the happy hours, the specials change for every day to keep things fun.No. The bison burger was no good. First, charging for all different condiments doesn't make gourmet. Online prices were different from what I was told over the phone. Whoever picked up the picked up the phone was not professional.
Bison is very lean, so can be dry, but "medium" became a hard rock with no flavor. I would have added some mirim to tenderize. Chipotle sauce? Spicy and sour is not chipotle. 5 pieces of onion rings =$2. Unoriginal, badly cooked. Not coming back.My friend and I went there for lunch and we were extremely disappointed with the service . The waiter was rude and did not have a personality. The dud waiter decided to give himself 18 percent gratuity for a table of 2... Really  ?????Underestimated the Happy hour Margaritas and failed. I had two shakers and couldn't even walk the four blocks to the hookah bar. I loved the quesadilla and the buffalo wings were good too. This was the first time I ever went out or had a drink and Im glad it was hereMaybe it's a bad night but service isn't par ... And food wasn't great and drinks were mediocre ... Just did nothing for my night ... Would have been better staying inbad experience  as far as food. this place is much different  then the copas on south street. my food was horrible   and they sent three different waitresses  to our table. when I asked the first waitress  why   she said indont known why  it was very frustrating   but I cant get over the food  a waste of money. 66  dollars down the drain.Came here for lunch last week! First time I got the burger! Not bad!! I got the one with the bbq sauce. I also added on fries! Love the Spanish fries!!!I'm never going back to this restaurant with their inadequate staff that can't get an order correct. I payed 13 dollars for a damn burger and you would think that they would get the order correct. They left out a couple toppings that they charged me extra for and when I got home and realized, I called and the staff was incredibly rude. Not to mention when I was there the restaurant was completely empty but it took staff a while to even acknowledge me. On top of that did you hear about the shooting there a couple months ago?! Stay far far away.Come for the fries and cholesterol and stay away from the Mahi Mahi tacos. My one attempt at having a "healthy" meal here resulted in a totally unsatisfying meal. (I am so tempted to get a Beiler's donut to make up for it. You been there). The fish was desert dry and when the server asked how the meal was, I choked down the first bite and gave my opinion. Asking what would make it better, she offered a liquid salsa (best I can describe). While she was away, I thought a little guac might do the trick. And it did.  Little good fat and creaminess brought the fish, corn salsa and beans together nicely, although by that time cold. After this, I was charged for the guacamole $1.50 and was told the manager knew of my issue.  Really? So here I am speaking truth to lousy customer service. If they get anything out of this review, the next time I darken their doors, guacamole will be included with the entree.This place has the quintessential college town bar vibe what with the dimmed lights, the glowing neon signs advertising "Spanish fries" and domestic beers, and the assortment of fried foods on its menu.  I ordered the salmon burger with Spanish fries on one occasion, and fish and chips on another.  My friend ordered a salad which looked pretty average, but it's not a salad place per se.  The fries are "Spanish"  merely by having jalapenos sprinkled onto regular fries.
The salmon was a bit bland for my tastes, but I'm used to eating grilled salted salmon as part of a traditional Japanese breakfast with a bowl of rice and miso soup.  The buns sandwiching the salmon filet had a firm texture which supported their contents adequately. 
I would come here if you have a tolerable group of friends and don't care if you can't hear each other too well.  Coming here solo isn't really the best option, as I learned on one of my two visits.  The Spanish fries were a bit salty so I suppose they went well with the salmon burger which lacked salt.  The tartar sauce partially made up for the lack of sodium, however.  I always see a sign out advertising 1/2-off burger hours (from 11 a.m. until 5 p.m. on Wednesdays), but I haven't been fortunate enough to have the proper inclination for one during these discount hours.
Service: B-
Taste: B-Its a little cramped for my taste but overall the staff is cool and the food & drinks are on point most of the time. I enjoy going there with a few people for margaritas and spanish fries (without wiz cheese) LOL !!I've been to Copa's before, on my birthday, and while it wasn't a 5-star experience, I decided to try it out again.
We came in and there were 5-6 tables that were empty, but still had plates and glasses on them from the patrons that just left.  While we did have about 8 people, we understood that it was going to take a little bit for our food to come out, that wasn't a problem.  The problem was when we asked for other side items: sour cream, cheese dip, and drinks that took about 30 minutes to get to us.  Also, the ground beef for the nachos tasted like they had sugar in them....pretty disgusting. 
They were way understaffed, (as usual - so it seems) only 2 waitresses working the entire restaurant.  They definitely need to hire more people as well as a bus boy! From this point on, we are only going to the one on 2nd street. This place was a mess!Four words: half-priced-burger Wednesdays
Grab a co-worker, grab a few bucks, a beer and a burger and you're all set. 
This place has open windows most of the time, so there will be some of God's creatures flying around. Not a big deal - it's nice to have an open air place in the summer. The best part about it is the burgers. I've never really had anything else here. 
I usually get my burger medium-rare and it's always been cooked just like that here. The meat is juicy and I love the way you can customize your burgers.
Last week, I decided to go with a buffalo burger and it is so far my favorite. The bread is really good, the cole slaw delicious, and it comes with a pickle. Goes well with a beer and you won't spend an arm and leg here.It's always a good time when I go. Nice crowd, great drinks and most of all those Spanish fries yummmm!! Nice spot!I love eating in house, especially on Copa Wednesday! But I just got delivery from them and I had an AWFUL experience!! The food didn't show up for 3 hours when they only estimated a max of an hour and a half for delivery. And when it got here, it was clear it was made long ago. My burger was cold, the bun was soggy, and the guacamole had browned from sitting out for too long. My friends nachos were completely soggy and cold as well! Will return next Wednesday but NEVER ordering delivery from here again.Mixed feelings about this place, My girlfriend and I came here for drinks and a snackaroo.  The electric blue margaritas were tasty. I LOVE the bizarre decorations its a major trip out.  I wanted to try their "famous Bubble Bread"  what ever the fuck that is, I was expecting some futuristic type toaster strudel.  Garlic bread on white bread sums it up.  GOD AWFUL.
BATHROOMS - V.O.M.I.T to the tenth power.I had to try this place out because I was always passing by and seeing people eat these amazing looking Nachos. 
I took my 2 kids with and we not only enjoyed the food but we had a blast with 2 of their ever so friendly/Cool waiteress. 
The nachos were as good as they looked, and the Burgers were really tasty also large. I could of shared mine with my daughter it was so filling. 
It tasted like the burger came right off a BBQ pit. So much flavor. 
I recommend this place, it's was clean and the prices were fair.My experience at Copa last night was highlighted, not by the fare or the folly of our ditsy server, but by the sheer happenstance of getting front row seats to the 4th-and-South-Show...curtain call at 7PM.  We strolled in as the staff was collecting the outdoor seating arrangements, and closing entrance to the front door.  We sat down wondering, "Gee, what are earth could be happening outside?  Why are there sleeveless shirt cladded men wielding construction equipment working on the street and yellow taping it on a Friday evening?  Why are there 10 bike cops outside pushing back ballsy youngsters on their skateboards/bmx bikes?  Why are the construction workers sticking those Ghostbuster-esque gauges into the open sidewalk holes?"  
Our questions were quickly answered by our otherwise preoccupied server.  "Umm, like, there's like, this gas leak, or something?  They're closing off access to the road.  But at least you guys get, like, a good view being by the window and all."
Nice.  So the fears of an explosion threat subsided in equal proportion to the amount of margarita that we imbibed.  And, a tasty margarita it was. 
The view definitely improved with the witnessing of a reality show camera crew that was taping a meter maid ticket a Ford Explorer that belonged to a man eating at a nearby table.  Yeah, we watched him leave his party and attempt to finagle his way out of the inevitable.  Top that off with watching Brian Adam's tour bus negotiate the most wicked and efficient 3 point turn in the middle of a partially closed intersection on South Street on Friday evening.  I take it he was already backstage at the TLA, or else I would have been out there next to the dude with the jackhammers and the gas gauges singing that Robin Hood song at the top of my lungs.  (I've had 2 double margaritas at this point.)
So, in closing, the drinks are where it's at.  The food is not, but it will do a wonderful job of counteracting the drinks, as long as you don't drink as much as I did.I use to love Copa's but I have to be honest and say I have seen mice in here twice months aparts. The first time I said ok they're doing construction not their fault but the second time. Lets be real, you have a problem and its a real health hazard, which is disappointing because I love their drinks. The proof is in the pictures, the managers are aware because they were quick to pick up our tab, but the problem remains. Also the new menu is horrible. The only thing I like now is the drinks and the spanish fries if I ever go back.The 4 stars (instead of 5) are for the monstrous hangover I am currently experiencing. That's it for my full disclosure...
The margaritas were fan-fucking-tastic. I recommend the classic margarita, but my girlfriend will probably recommend the rasberry flavored. Either way, a double order will get you a good 4 glasses of the tequila goodness. 
Accompany that with the heart stopping crab cake sandwich and you are all set for the evening. The remoulade they serve with the crab cakes is super tasty. 
This is not fancy eating at all, the decor reminds me of a cheesy Jimmy Buffet song and the food is best for sopping up the excess tequila. But if you get a seat by the window while they are fixing a gas leak in the street outside (or any other Friday night on South Street) you are bound to be greatly entertained by the shenanigans of drunk suburbians.Copa on South Street was my mainstay for several years after tai chi classes at The Painted Bride.  Those days are only for reminiscing now, but the taste and zest of Copabanana remains a trigger to my salivary glands. I have returned on occasion, and still loved the dirty ambiance, lusty margaritas, incredible Copaburgers (extra jalapenos, please), and the earthshaking Spanish flies...er...fries.  My son, now 12, has gone with me, so another generation is preparing to take its place where Friday night legends are made (and oft forgotten by Saturday morning).  
What others Yelpers say about the conditions in the joint is true, but the best Tex-Mex food is always found in the dingiest hole-in-the-wall places.  Am I right? At least you know there are no cleaning agent molecules in the air to settle on your food. 
These days I try to stop in before or after a 76'er game.  Copa still possesses that "in your face" attitude that I have loved, lo these many years.
May it always be so.
Amen!Good food, reasonably priced, decent beer selection, but glacially-paced service. I normally don't care, but it took me 25 minutes from the point when I finished my food to get the bill, and I probably waited a half hour for the food. At a certain point, you do want to clear out once you're finished eating and drinking. Honestly, probably 2 and a half stars.5/25/12 was the first time I came here. I'll admit, it's pretty small inside and you really gotta be careful going upstairs but upstairs is really not bad. The service is really good, the food and drinks are really good. I've brought my friends here or ran into them here. I do drink Coronas here but not all the time. I like that they don't charge you admission and that there's no dress code. Security is pretty cool. I know they gotta card people but there was one security guard who has seen me many times before and he didn't always card me.Copa is known for having the best Margarita's and burgers in the city.  They food is good and the drinks are refreshing, but ocassionally you'll get a knucklehead server and things go VERY bad.
Overall I prefer Copa 2 because they do Blackened Chicken and it tends to be a little quiter and a lot better consistency  of the service, but when it comes to watching the wachos walking South Street, it's got to be the original.7pm on a Saturday night, 2 minute wait (she was wiping down a table), she like ran to the table, good thing its a small place but she dropped the menus, utensils and napkins on the table and then left. there was no "welcome to copa", "how are you guys?", "your servers bob, he'll be right with you..."...there was nothing. oh well, maybe shes busy.
so our server finally came to our table after i had read the whoooooole menu and decided what i wanted for an app, my drink and meal... he said "ill be right with you" and came back in like 5 minutes. lets just say the servers looked like they were busy but how can they when its such a small place. overall, he was nice and efficient i just didnt understand why they seemed so busy/rushed.
spinach artichoke dip for an appetizer. it needed seasoning... i added sooo much salt to it! i shouldnt have to do that.
cannes burger- delicious!
copa burger- not bad! (i liked mine better though)
regular margarita (house tequila) with salt & strawberry margarita (cuervo) with sugar... we ended up switching margaritas because we like each others better... i must have refilled my martini glass like 6 times, if not more. overall, get the double!! its worth the price!Place has a great atmosphere, kinda small and crowded but worth it. The wings were great and the service is good. The quesadilla with Jamaican jerk chicken was amazing prices are cheap. I recommend this to anyone visiting philly. Made my philly experience worth it. Wish we had this in NYYelp would not let me post a one star review.  Sat down outside today and waited at the table for 40 minutes.  Usually I would go inside to see what was going on- but it started getting comical so we waited to see how long it would. E before the waitress would come to our table.  4 tables outside.  2 were occupied, empty table and us.  She waited on the one table only.  We finally decided to walk away and go to Petes Sake.  We live nearby, so have been to copa before.  We know it's extremely filthy and has been shut down numerous times- we just wanted a margarita!  
I wouldn't risk ordering food from the kitchenI think this place has decent food. Its been fairly reliable food wise all the times I've eaten there. Most recently I had mahi mahi with mango salsa and black beans. It was actually really good, and the price was good too. I've never been there for drinks, but I can agree with other reviews that say it is a Philly institution; been there as long as I can remember anyway.I went here for a few drinks the other day.  Their margaritas are strong and delicious.  I also tried the Copa Lemonade which is vodka based.  It was a bit sweet for my taste but I would order it again.  I would recommend getting a burger while you are here.  I noticed a lot of other patrons order burgers so I ordered the Cannes burger which is the blue cheese and bacon burger. It was a decent, well made burger. 
The inside is in need of a bit of refreshing.  It doesn't look like the cleanest place but I enjoyed the couple hours I spent here. The atmosphere was enjoyable. The line to get a table was pretty long but there was adequate bar seating.  
I will definiately be going back here.The food here is pretty decent. We got the steak fajitas. Flavors great. Service on the other hand was terrible. Our waitress, Krystal, didn't check on us for over an hour! We were outside when it started to rain asked for an umbrella for our table. We were told they had no more. When we moved inside, we sat at a table with UMBRELLAS folded up behind us. This is an example of pure laziness. Not wanting to see if there are other umbrellas nor wanting to put them up. Would come back, but a didn't location. Also, gratuity was added for an amount she didn't deserveSorry to report that it's still only good for margaritas and Spanish fries.  
Went for lunch and sat outside on South Street.  Ordered a simple burger and asked whether medium allowed for a pink burger and was assured it was.   Not so.  Burger cam out well, with no moisture left.   To add insult to the situation, when I asked for a side of mayo to make the burger edible, they charged me $0.25 for the ramekin!!!!!
With so many options, this was a first/ last for me.  Second star is only for the margaritas.Can across this place, during the Cinco De Mayo festival. Ordered a burger and it was decent. It didnt have tons of flavor like expected, but maybe it would be different if I were in the restaurant. 
I did enjoy a Margarita's thats what they are known for and after 2 sips, I could see why :)Copabanana... 
Lets see.... 
I walked in from the street and into a dark bar..everyone sort of turned to look at me like I was interesting to look at?.. hahha. I let loose my cute smile and make my way over to the right side of the room to another bar they had situated. This place wouldn't have been a first choice for me, I was actually meeting a girlfriend I haven't seen in years, and suggested we get margaritas!!! She knew this place had good margaritas.... had she pointed it out to me and said that I would have told her your fruckin nuts. LOL.
I am not a fruit margarita girl at all. I am a Top Shelf Margarita on the rocks with salt only kind of girl. But for some oddddd reason.. Maybe it was because of this bars ambience... I felt the need to order a strawberry margarita, and BOYYYYY did they give me a strawberry margarita...it was slamming!!!!
The bartender was a really awesome irish man. Whom I quickly became friends with, which I dont know was a good thing, because I kept getting tequila shots handed to me left and right and before you knew it.... I was pretty crunk, You can call me tippy tequila and i would have loved it. All in all... good margaritas... Only appetizer I had was the spanish fries...not a fan.
but if I am ever again in an odd mood for fruit margaritas... you might see me there.I went here for a cheese steak during my lunch and the food and service was really good and quick and not at all pricy. Would definitely go back!I used to go here all the time.  The burgers were great and the margaritas were awesome most of the time.  Great first date place.  The last three times it sucked.  Now the Copa was never known for cleanliness and I usually called upon my stomach acids to take care of any bacteria that made it into my burgers.  And I love anything that resembles a margarita.  The last time I went though they were terrible.  Clearly the bartender should have known better.  Plus the clientele seems to have changed and doesn't have that cheery atmosphere anymore.  Like a few other posters, I spent the night afterwards tossing up what I ate and drank that night.  Stomach acids failed me.  So sad...........needs a Bar Rescue.All kept thinking while waiting for my food was EWWWWW!!!
I had not been to this establishment in some years and i had loved the food. So, i brought a friend to eat there. Boy has it gone DOWN! First off all the carpet from the main entrance to the dining is stained even under the low lighting you can see it. The table we sat at was uneven. The booth had food stains and the carpet near the table was ripped and stained. The ceiling has some strange brown residue all over it. My friends fork was dirty. If this what is visible tocustomers as soon as you walk in i shudder to think what the kitchen looks like.The food was subpar. We both had the fajitas and mine was chicken. Ehich was over cooked and chewy. I will absolutely NOT be returning to this place. It is in desperate need of cleaning and renovation. It could really use a visit from Bar Rescue or Restaurant. Impossible because you can tell the owner has not placed any money into keeping up the place.My girlfriend and I go here sometimes to get a drink and chat. Atmosphere is meh, but their margaritas are great! We usually make them a double and they leave you with the shaker so you can just continuously pour them yourself which is nice. There guacamole and chips are decent. I actually like the chips more then the guacamole! The last time we were here I got the crab quesadillas and my girlfriend got the jerk chicken quesadillas and we were both throughly impressed! My crab quesadillas came with a really good sauce. I couldn't get enough of it! I've never had a bad server here. They have always been really friendly and attentive. 
It's directly next to the TLA so it's perfect for a nice little pregame before a show!I only come here for the Margaritas, that being said I am only rating this place based on the service I get at the bar and the drinks I get. All of which have been fantastic. I have a soft spot for their Neon Blue Raspberry, but also love all their other flavors as well. I enjoy how they cycle through different fruits throughout the year to keep things interesting. I wish ted still worked here though, that man could fly through mixing drinks and do it with style.The margaritas were all mix and little tequila. my tacos were the worst tacos i have ever had. the meat was dry, and burned. the salsa was disgusting. the place was also very dirty and gross.  its a real shame people go there at all. it promotes shitty service, shitty food, shitty compliance with health codes. i highly recommend drinking battery acid and dirt before ever thinking of going here.I can't believe I have never reviewed Copas after all the years of patronizing this solid establishment.  Now, I usually go the one location in University City on Spruce, but my last visit was on South St.  
Now, my 4 star rating is purely for the consistency of the good and drinks that you come to rely on when visiting any location of Copas.   The cleanliness and atmosphere is better at the University City location in my opinion.  It's not always clean and sometimes the South St location has shady looking people around but the staff at both locations are usually cool.
Regarding the food, I usually get a shaker of Pink Lemonade or Margarita and it's always hits the SPOT!!  The Nachos, Burgers, Chicken Tenders and Fries are usually pretty good and soaks up all the alcohol you will be drinking.  
If you are not sure - I say give it a chance - not on outward appearances, but on the consistency of the food that will be delivered.everything is super expensive but really low quality. we got "jumbo" margaritas for $8.95 each but they were basically just one margarita maybe less than they give you at other places for cheaper! also they were mostly lime juice.... we also got nachos and EW. the most disgusting thing i've ever seen lol! i've made better nachos at home when i was super drunk... only leaving one star because miraculously i didn't get sick after eating there. really bad!!! i'm never going again!!!!!!!!!Wouldn't recommend this place to expensive and horrible service from waiters food was okay would not come back and visit again ..can't split a bill up according to who ordered what and plus a 17% grautity added for 5 people or more just skip this place if you want something better go Jim's cheese steaksNot usually one to do this but i had to. If you're in the area passing by, keep walking. Worst cheesesteak ive ever had in my life. Plus my waitress seemed a little bothered to be there.Surprised it took me this long in my adulthood to check out Copa after the many time's I've passed it but now that I finally have, I can say that I haven't really missed too much.
We get there for lunch on a beautiful Friday afternoon to find out that the Fryer was down and we could not order anything from the menu that was prepared in the fryer ( that eliminates 75% of the menu not to mention for us Catholics,  Friday in lent meant no meat either.). We sucked it up anyway since we really came for the Margaritas. I will say, Margaritas were as good as they say. I had the blood orange and was greatly satisfied, especially because for $9, I got a large shaker with my drink that filled my glass atleast 3 times more.
Since we were limited, we decided on sharing the bubble bread which I will say was pretty tasty. The veggie quesadillas were also decent- nothing off the charts though. 
So I give it 2 stars for the margaritas and edible ( not overwelming) food, that's about itDon't go here!!!
We ordered 3 appetizers to share - guacamole, wings and chicken tenders. I've had better guacamole from a grocery store, but the other food was decent/typical bar quality.
The staff seemed really overwhelmed, but it was not crowded. Multiple tables were dirty and no one was clearing them. Our waiter was friendly, but the hostess/manager was extremely rude. She was arguing with another employee loudly about empty ketchup bottles. 
I was in such a hurry to leave this dismal place I signed my credit card slip left a cash tip and left. Only to realize they included 15% tip on the bill, so now I left a double tip for one of my worst dining experiences. I feel like I was taken advantage of - shady place with meh foodThis is the worst food I have ever ordered in my entire life. I got the chicken fajita salad and they couldn't have made it worst. The chicken was inedible (rubbery) and the tortilla salad bowl was soggy. I eat out a lot and am not a picky person at all, I just can't believe how bad this was. No stars.This is one of the exceptions where three stars doesn't mean I won't be going back.   I have mixed reviews, but over all, I enjoyed it.
I went for lunch so it wasn't crowded (which seems to be a common complaint).  Our server was attentive, until she clearly forgot about my friend's margarita. But, she did remember before we had to remind her, so that wasn't terrible. 
My burger was super yummy... it was medium-well like I asked and had tons of yummy blue cheese and bacon on it (I ordered the Cannes burger). However, their prices are a little steep for their portions.  For 8bones, I feel like a burger should at least come with a pickle (if not fries).  I was able to finish my entire burger (and I haven't done that in months) so the portions were fairly small. 
What really bugged me was their margarita selection.  Sure, they have lots of choices, but they're all jumbo sized.  I know $8 for a jumbo margarita is a fair price (it's like 1 1/2 $5 margaritas) but sometimes a gal just doesn't want a jumbo drink.  It annoyed me that I couldn't find a regular sized margarita on their menu... but maybe that's just because I'm cheap.  But my friend's margarita was nice (once it arrived).
I'd go back for lunch, when I feel like getting a jumbo margarita.  And next time, I'll probably just order the fries.I've lived in Society Hill/Queen Village for 10 years, and Copa used to be a really fun place to get margaritas and bar food. It has gone so down hill in the past year or two, that I'm actually sad about how much it sucks. The last two times I went, we waited forever to be seated (despite a relatively empty dining room), it took more than 10 minutes for someone to walk over to offer us drinks, and then our food came out totally wrong. When we asked to have the mistakes corrected, the server got very nasty and defensive. 
Today was the last straw, however, Once again, it took forever to get seated and no one came over to us for at least 15 minutes. Instead, two very bitchy servers looked at us repeatedly and fought with each other about who'd have to take our table. When I got up to ask the bartender if we could get a drink and a server to take our order, the server swooped in and snapped at me, saying he was "very busy and would get over to us when he had a second to breathe." I know things get busy, but there is no need to be so nasty! I'll miss the margaritas, but I don't need to be treated like dirt by the waitstaff! 
RIP Copabanana 
PS - The bathrooms have always been putrid, but the margaritas used to make it easier to handle!This is a good place to meet up and get some drinks. For food, I'll only suggest getting some appitizers and call it a day. The food on the menu sounds good but the taste is a whole other thing. Hotwings are overcooked and dry with lots of sauce. I had the jerk chicken quesadea (something like that) and that was ok. The drinks, margarita meh, had better and little pricey. 
The place is little small and the decor is more like being on a trip to colorville. Its good for meetups  and drinks. Thats all folks!!!This place is average at best, there is a very strange vibe about it tho. The service is very slow and the good wasn't that good, drinks were fine.. Would I recommended it? NO.hey! if you like termites in your drinks (or infested in your ice machine) and your bill not comped, go here. enough said.The Jerk quesadilla was good, tequila seemed a bit weak but the staff is on fire. They hustle, they're friendly and they handle the crowd well all night with no delays. 
 The hostess w/ glasses is so unbelievably cute. She fixed my lousy night just by being herself.Crowded restaurant with WAY too much hype.  Don't listen to the people that say, "OMG, you have to go to Copabanana on South St!!"  Weak margaritas and sticky tables.  When there are a billion other fine dining options in Philadelphia, why would you ever choose to go here?Awesome cocktails!!! The margarita is LIT!!!! Good crap talking with fellow Eagles fans and taunting the Patriots this Superbowl Eve ! #FlyEaglesFlyThe food here was ok at best. I had their spicy honey garlic wings and there wasn't an ounce of spice on them. They were fried crispy the way I liked but I tasted more grease and sweet barbecue sauce on them then any honey and garlic. I also had the fish tacos which were pretty good and filling but with an over abundance of a coleslaw dollop on top which was really running and sweet. My friends and I had just come in town from DC and wanted a quick bite to eat and so we stopped here. We got our fill but it definitely wasn't that good. If you're hungry, look elsewhereI freaken love Fletcher!!! Such an awesome bartender and good at making conversations! Also, everyone there is really great, to name a few Lauren Small, freaken Hannah, and Shayna...this staff is the best and i cant imagine going anywhere else!!Over all, the place was good. The burgers were delicious, my only complain are the fries. They're a bit drenched in oil. Our server recommended margaritas and we had the orange mango flavor and yummmm!!!!Atmosphere is fun esp with outside seating...waiters and bartenders aren't too
friendly, maybe their overworked or something idk... but manager Chris is super friendly and honered a discount on our bill bc of a check in coupon! Margaritas are good, however I wish they came in huge margarita glasses instead of tiny martini glasses, but they do give the rest of margarita in side so that's a plus...the wings are delicious and the doorman
Is fine :-)Completely disappointing experience. 
Thought it would be a good idea to go here for a bite and a drink before the Sonic Youth show. It turned out to be a very bad idea.
Our waiter was completely clueless. He disappeared for long periods of time, forgot our utensils, forgot our refills, probably forgot that he was supposed to be working.
The food was pretty bad. The place was completely dirty. The downstairs bathroom was closed. The upstairs bathroom was filthy. I really wonder if there is a manager in charge here, or just a buncha kids that were left to their own devices.We paid a visit to Copa Banana while out on South street and honestly I am only rating one star because none is not an option. It was a Tuesday night and whike the restaurant was mildly crowded it was nothing outrageous, yet the service was horrendous. We waited almost 15 minutes to be seated when there were open tables clearly visible. After being seated, it took another 15 minutes for us to order. We waited 40 minutes for our food and it did not come out properly. A tomato soup came out cold, the manager dropped the wraps for the fajitas and they forgot a grilled cheese. The wraps didn't even come out until we asked our waitress for them. We sent the soup back and then waited another 25  minutes for it to come back out along with the grilled cheese. There were multiple complaints throughout the restaurant about food coming out wrong and we over heard the waitress saying the cooks were drunk. We will never be eating at this restaurant again and certainly will not recommend it to anyone either.3 stars because the food was good but the service sucked. The food has never disappointed me here. The service on the other hand... is quite disappointing. We only saw our waiter twice that night & had to seek them out just to get the check. I would still recommend this place for late night meals. It is definitely worth the price!There's nothing special about this place, although, you can appreciate the atmosphere. It's not too crowded, which is nice if you don't want much noise. You also don't feel much of a rush here, which I think is both good and bad. Not only do YOU not feel a rush, but the THE SERVERS don't feel it either. One of the really disappointing things about this place is that they had several things on their menu and they had run out of it. Not only did run out of items, but one was no longer available (Mexican Coke).
I ordered a Philly cheese steak which tasteted pretty well to me. The only thing I wish was different was the dryness; if it has been more moist, I believer I would've liked it better. It also did not have peppers. The cheese steak was about a foot long and costed around $9.
One of the best things I liked from here is their Taco Tuesdays. On Tuesdays, you can order a set of three hard-shell tacos for about $7 and after that its unlimited tacos. The tacos taste like taco bell, but it's hard to complain when you can get an unlimited amount.This place is great! Happy hour is great I'm lit from my first drink. 5 stars anyone who rates lower is a loser and is not welcomeNever really cared for the food here but the drinks and drink specials especially margaritas are excellent!Disappointing! I kept hearing this place had the best burgers in Philly so before a concert at the TLA decided to grab one with a friend. Went on a weeknight and got seating right away. That was probably the last good thing about this place.  Burger was overcooked and dry and pretty bland. The worst part was half way through the meal the table next to us ordered fajitas which set off the smoke detector. The waitstaff all cleared out like cockroaches and left the patrons to listen to that noise for ten minutes, no joke. Hey, how about next time you open a door or waive a towel over the sensor.  
I don't want to be completely negative, the fries were not too awful. 
My advice, give this place a pass.very decent margaritas and love the jerk chicken quesadilla!This rating is based solely on my experience at the bar during a Flyers playoff game. The bartender, we'll call him Jimmy (because that's his real name), was obviously a fan and he made everyone feel welcome. The bar area is somewhat intimate, in that it seats only about 10 people and the bartender has no choice but to make it a comfortable environment for everyone. The drinks are affordable and it's a great location. Not to mention that it's a great spot to watch any Philadelphia sports teams win (or lose).
Overall, I think Copabanana is a great spot on the weeknights for a few drinks and a game. I would definitely say differently on a warm, busy weekend...Don't go by the looks of the place, This is the best place to get burgers, Spanish fries  and margaritas . Right on the money and such nice food.Never eat outside they ask for ID for you to eat outside   To make a long story short I gave them my ID to sit outside and never received my ID back WTF. What is the point of taking an ID to sit outside? I can understand holding a credit card in case run off on a bill but why do you take my ID and lose it ? Fuck this placeSo I'm not sure if it was the time that we visited or what but we came here after a concert right next door.
It was packed and we were hungry so we stayed. The staff at the door told us we could go to the Upstairs bar and it was more room. So we did and grabbed a table. Everybody has margaritas so I ordered one. It was super sweet. Too sweet and not tasty. 
The whole place needs a redo. They have carpet on the first floor and hardwood on the second. My feet where literally sticking to the floor.
We ordered wings bubble bread and fries. Because we were super hungry and it was late. It took about 30 minutes for it to come and none of the food was hot.
We had to order at the bar. So there wasn't anyone to check up on on us. There was 1 bartender and this place was packed.
I doubt if I would ever go back they need to clean this place up and serve hot food.  Not sure if it was bad because it was late but it was really bad.We stopped by for an afternoon drink. No one talked to me when I went in to be seated (as the sign indicates). We eventually just sat outside. 10 minutes later someone took our order of 2 margaritas. The margarita was nearly undrinkable. No alcohol, and whatever mix they used tasted like diet or something. Absolutely horrible. My friend ordered a beer and it never came. The service was terrible, the staff was rude and unfriendly. The sunshine outside and people watching on south street make the forced star seem somewhat reasonable. Do not go here.Check out the pics I added if you want to see the kind of people they keep on staff. I won't spend another cent of my money here.just was able to stop by again and was told the blood orange margarita was seasonal and not on the menu.  cry cry cry.  the margarita special after 7 was cheaper then the happy hour price, so I was a vvvvvery happy sipperThis place is a joke. 
The guacamole was watery. I wouldn't be surprised if it was defrosted.
It is overall dirty - interior, bathrooms, indoor air quality, etc.... 
The wait staff seems untrained and incapable of simple problem solving.Foods ok, magaritas are ok, everything is just OK.  Thats the problem though, nothing memorable.  It's nice and convenient if you're on south st and don't feel like the typical cheesesteak/pizza/ice cream vibe but you could walk east a couple blocks or off south street one block to Bainbridge and get better food.  Had the tacos and the beef was very, very, dry.  The corn shell tortilla tasted like freezer burn...YIKES.  I'd say for the location there are better options.  Service has always been fine and has never been an issue.Decent place to go for food on South St.  I've been a bunch of times.  This is one of those places you go to when you've spent the afternoon out on South Street and you're walking around with friends going, "Where do you wanna eat?" 
"I dunno, where do you wanna eat?" 
 "I don't care, you pick something."  
"No, you pick... I'll eat whatever."
Copabanana is where you wind up.  
Good menu, with something for everyone.  A lot of Mexican-ish stuff (their margaritas can be good, depending on what day you're there), with lots of American staples as well.  I recommend the meatloaf.  
Service can be iffy, and they are typically crowded so it takes a little while for your food to come out.
Not wonderful.  Not terrible.  I'd go again.I never have to wait longer than 15 minutes and their staff is very friendly, and the food is incredible! I'd recommend the fajitas, and a double margarita. We choose to go here when we have a night out and a babysitter which is seldom, go check it out!Best margarita ever. Service was great, food was good also. I usually go and it's crowded but last Sunday wasn't at all so I got to enjoy itgreat place for margaritas and burgers. can't go wrongOk I understand that the place itself is in desparate need of remodeling and a good cleaning, and that no one, NO ONE, should ever put a carpet in a restaurant, but overall it's not half bad. 
I went there last weekend for lunch with a friend. She had a burger and I had the tacos. I don't know, maybe it's because we were starving or maybe the food was actually good, but we enjoyed our meals. It's reasonably priced and our waitress was very nice and attentive too, so what more could you ask for?Gross.
1. Place is dirty and grimy. 
2. Burger=frozen patty w/ a slab of cheese thrown on it.
3. Spanish fries.  Fries were not crispy and just had chunks of tasteless cheese thrown around. 
Fail.Great margaritas, wasn't expecting much from the food but the burger hit the spot. Fresh bun and nice cuts of beefI have lived in Philadelphia all of my life and have never been to this restaurant until the other day. I have always heard good things about they're happy hours which I guess everyone has a good happy hour. I took my family the other day to my disappointment. I had the bison burger (14.00) which I believe at some point was frozen or tasted like it had been, also it was a perfectly shaped patty like the kind you get from the supermarket which leads me to believe this. My wife had the shrimp fajitas which hardly had any shrimp and the shrimp were perfectly round like the frozen kind you buy from the supermarket and they only gave her 3 tortillas wrapped in wax paper to keep them warm I guess which was plenty because they barely give you anything to put in them. My daughter had the steak fajitas basically same as my wives but small cubes of beef also tasteless. We had the Cajun calamari for an appetizer which was sloppily made, the calamari barely was coated with batter and they hardly give you any. My wife and I also had the patron watermelon margaritas which were only ok. As far as our server she was fine until we saw her repeatedly petting a customer's dog on the outside seating area then touching peoples plates and glasses, nice for the dog bad for the customers. I have a dog I would never do this even in my own house. The worst  part was when we got our bill ($$$96.00) gratuity had already been added and we were just a party of 3. I would never go back to this restaurant. All these awards this restaurant won for burgers ?? I don't know who was tasting them but they are not not deserved this place by no stretch of the imagination has the best burgers. Very disappointed.love this spot. happy hour is from 4-7 which is nice and long. i know on tuesday they have half priced burgers and they are really good with an amazing combination of toppings. we had bleu cheese bacon, so good. you can also choose a veggie burger, salmon burger, or bison. Im pretty sure it's fresh meat, very juicy and big. 
from the $5 apps (usually they are about $10) ive had the buffalo shrimp (very very spicy), calamari and jerk chicken/skewer shrimp. all are really good. especially the calamari which comes breaded and deep fried with breaded jalapenos which give it just the right kick.
the bartenders downstairs can be a little loud and uncouth (our guy last time was talking about getting oral pleasure from 2 girls at once and all kinds of profanity with it). It is a bar, and i expect to hear things like that - but usually more from other patrons and not the employees. 
There's a nice quite bar upstairs too, which not a lot of people know about - so when that is open i always prefer it up there. 
all in all, its a south street staple with decent grub and good specials.Granted, I'm four margaritas and a mystery blue drink deep...BUT...service at the Copa is exceptional. Try the nachos if your stomach can deal w the Zomg of the raspberry margarita bliss. Chris, ftr, is a fab bartender. Ask for him; his drinks are inspiring. I may hate him tomorrow. 
Anyone know where do the top stairs go??A couple of years ago I went to Copa on South Street and ordered some mexican food (either a burrito or quesadilla ) and two margaritas. I drank my first margarita while waiting for my food, and ordered my second when my food arrived. While chewing the food part of my second bite, I noticed something real hard was in the food I had in my mouth. I pulled out the object and it was a 2 inch long, sharp piece of metal in my food.
When I told the waitress I did not want the food and showed her the piece of metal I pulled out (and yes I had witnesses), she got an attitude and said "well, we can't put less than $10 on your card". WTF? No concern over the fact they almost destroyed my throat.
So yea, I don't go there any more.The only reason I'd ever venture into Copabanana is to visit my buddy and bartending mentor Neill while he's working  It's funny to see him in his little Copa shirt.
I actually like the burgers here too but am afraid of the kitchen so most likely I won't order them unless I'm really, really hungry (and drunk).  I'm not really a margarita drinker--too sweet for my well-honed tastebuds--but I will get the mango one.  I asked Neill to make me something that tasted like whiskey and it kind of did.  The music is pretty abysmal and the crowd annoying so this is in no way a Copa-rific review.I am hoping that items on their "special" menu will be available always!
delish drinks, delish turkey burgers, and all around fun
who could turn down a blood orange margarita????
most people rave about the fries-and make it their destination of choice for themI was so completely underwhelmed that I had to decide whether or not I was even going to bother writing a review about it. But duty calls...so here goes.
I came here with two other people and were seated promptly at a table outside. That was the best part of the experience. Our waiter showed up a while later, took our drink orders and disappeared for a while. Finally he showed back up and we ordered dinner, which was totally meh. (Nachos were smushy and the burger was nothing to write home about). We had to beg for utensils and napkins and waited for a long time, and ordered a second round that took about 2 minutes to arrive. Oh, and the women's room was out of order so I had to climb these scary dark steps to go to a WC upstairs and was walked in on even though the door was locked. Nice!
Whatever - you don't show up at the Copa on a Friday night and expect the meal of your life. Actually, according to these reviews and everyone else I've ever talked to, you don't show up at the Copa and expect the meal of your life ever. Unless you're nutty or something.I will start with, I have been here a couple times, found the experience all around average.
Tonight was a bit different. After ordering, and halfway through finishing our food, we saw a mouse running around towards the back dining area. Just unacceptable!We finished (kind of) paid and left, without making a big deal out of it. 
There is absolutely no way, this place doesn't know it has mice. The thing ran by twice, or maybe we saw 2.
The only good thing was our waitress, she was nice and attentive.
The place has an overall dirty look and feel, and this experience reinforced that notion.Dirty, dicey, divey, dive.  Decent and boozy margarita though, just enough alcohol to keep it antiseptic.We almost always hit Copa when in Philly since the Margueritas are fresh & the grub is consistently yummy, despite decades of less than cleanly digs. Today was a true exception; the blackened grouper was tough from over cooking, the reheated rice was old & dry, the slaw was heavy on the mayo & limp and the Spanish fries were soft & greasy . I wouldn't waste time here if the manager/owner hadn't completely ignored our comments! He actually looked away!!  The only professional was our server Rudy, who was attentive and had to actually face the customer. So turned off, I may never return.This place is always poppin! It's nice they actually I.d people because unlike a lot of south street bars filled with loud children. Atleast everyone here is 21 & ^ 
Margaritas are always a go to here since they're so good! Made with fresh juices and comes with a shaker to refill your glass a few times! 
Food is also great for when you're drinking. It hits the spot for any drunk belly. 
This place never fails me.I kinda like this spot....it's like a cool hood bar without being in the hood.   
-cool bartenders
-food looks tasty (I'm going to come back to try those buffalo shrimp-love those!)
-cool/non-pretentious crowd
I'd say come here to pre-game with a group of friends or stay the whole night and get trashed and still have a lil money in the bank to go to brunch the next day and cure that hangover :-)Went to Copa for a drink last night with my boyfriend. First off the place was nasty in that my feet were sticking to the floor as i walked. The Bar was packed but it was very noticeable that there was a lot dirty dishes around. I was told that you need to check in but there is not a hostess nor was there anyone from the restaurant acknowledging the people come in.  So when i asked the waitress how do you get a table since she was so adamant about us checking in. She was too busy... so guess what we rolled out. Never will go back. and will it recommend that you go either. 
**** This place is nasty and really deserves no ratings at all.Terrible experience but to be fair we had a good waiter.
Part I: The waitstaff was attentive and provided good recommendations. (I would give our waiter 4 stars)
Part II: The kitchen/manager (0 stars). An hour is way too long to wait for a burger at lunch. If you are going to make me wait an hour it better rival one of the better burgers in the city, not an overcooked mess... Our waiter refused to bring the first burger out because in his words "it looked like a hockey puck" the second burger was still overcooked, but we were hungry an hour an a half ago so we weren't sending it back. We get the bill and I mention to our waiter I didn't feel that we should be paying full price for the burger after all this. He takes the check, presumably to talk to the manager and then returns saying the manager "isn't having any of it" and won't even come talk to us! He offers to pay for one of our drinks out of pocket and suggests to leave less of a tip. (stars to the waiter, we still tipped) 
DON'T GO HERE. The manager doesn't care about the quality of food he puts out or the customers.I think that the reason people rave about this place is that it really was good like 10-15 years ago before the national restaurant renaissance occurred here in the US.
I mean, where could you go back then to get margaritas made with lime juice that was freshly squeezed that morning? How many burger joints actually cared enough to really make a great juicy burger? How many bars on South St. ever gave a crap enough to actually be clean inside? Certainly not Copa, but it didn't matter back then.
Copa was competing against other places like theirs, because there weren't upscale alternatives spread all over the city. So, the margaritas and burgers, which were once considered strengths of Copa, are no longer special.
However, to be fair, I don't think they're as bad as people are making them sound. The margaritas, yes, they're sweet and made with a mix, but I can't tell you how many bartenders cannot make a good margarita for the life of them. Their burgers are also pretty good. Maybe not spectacular, but I'm sorry, they are still decent burgers.
I agree that the service sucks and it seems sort of dirty inside, but, then again, it's South St., so I'm used to it.
Look, if you're in the area and you want a burger or a margarita, stop in. You should be pretty content with what you get. But I certainly wouldn't go out of my way to come here.they have really fallen off!! my spanish fries were a basket of oil with an whole entire onion huge slices!! buffalo wings soggy and dry!! sent it all back!! ughhh!!! still hungry & irked!!I really only do the spanish fries and the margaritas here...loved sitting outside on a good spring day watching the haps going up and down South Street...the ritas are pretty strong.Came here with my girlfriend and Parents.  Split an order of fries with onions and peppers.  I had the small bowl of chili.  It was tasty, but extremely oily.  The service is hit or miss (agree with Kelly H. on this one).  I've waited for 15 minute without anyone seating or great me.  This last time I was seated promptly by a very nice waiter.  My mom ordered her burger medium-well and sent it back because it was too over-done.  The waiter had said that their medium-well was still pink, but c'mon...anything over medium is grounds for being thrown out of a restaurant.  Their burgers are amazing.  They no longer cary the bison burger, but still offer a salmon, turkey, vegi, and bison burger.Their spanish fries are phenomenal.  Otherwise everything else is very mediocre.  Very bland burrito.  Very bland taco.  Very bland sandwich.  I've been 3 times, but I only keep going back for the fries.
Mediocre service.  Hit or miss and depends on who you get.I went here for an afternoon of fun one recent Saturday, and I had a great time! The place isn't by any means a place I'd stop by for a gourmet meal, but it's definitely decent food, decently priced, and good ambiance.  The drinks were strong, and I was happy when I left.Love the macho nachos and the fries with jalapeno peppers. Went here with 4 adults and five kids. Everyone enjoyed the meal, friendly serviceAbsolutely the most disgusting place I've ever been. The service was outrageous. Our food came our cold and not all of it even came our. We waited forty minutes after we ordered. (Grilled cheese and soup at that). We then overheard the waitress stating how drunk the cooks were. This place should be a bar and shut down as a restaurant. We will never EVER be back.I cannot express my distaste for this restaurant enough.
I went there with a group of friends, and when we received our bill at the end it was a bungled mess.
Maybe that would have been excusable if the food wasn't so terrible that it made me sick, and my boyfriend even sicker (read: his stomach thoroughly rebelled later that evening).Looks cool from the outside and the name made me walk in the door, having spent some time in the actual Copacabana area of Rio, but I wasn't too thrilled with this place. seemed not so clean, prices seemed a bit high for the atmosphere.. crowd mostly older, chill ambience, OK place to hang out and talk I guess, but nothing about this place really shouted to me "come back". I had a margarita, it was nothing special (I have spent a lot of time in Mexico and tried a lot of margaritas), checked out the not very clean restroom and was on my way..I have been coming here for years and am second generation... My Dad has been frequenting this fine establishment for the past 30 years. His friends who live in Manhattan travel all the way to Philly just to have margaritas at this place. I digress...
Lets be clear about my rating: I only ever get the double margarita with a salted glass. Honestly, I wouldn't have it any other way. Especially on Monday when the margarita's are half off or on Thursday when it's all day happy hour.
The wings here are decent and make a good accompaniment to your inexpensive tasty beverage.
Need I repeat myself? GET A DOUBLE MARGARITA IN A SALTED GLASS. 
.the end.
p.s. DO NOT GO TO THE ONE IN UNIVERSITY CITYGiving this place 2 star for its food and the one nice bartender we had.  Upon entering- lets just say the inside downstairs was cramped and did not smell fresh.  It took 10 minutes for a hostess to come over and boy was she a rude one.  Upon asking for a table- she said well not but go upstairs and find somewhere they will serve you.  Up the twisty stairs we went...
Found a little table where the server promptly told us we could not sit there because he had too many tables.  Are you kidding me?
We then had to sit at ahightop bar where finally we had some great service, delicious mojito just a bit on the sugary side.
Both had burgers- you can add, detract whatever you want so I added BLT to mine to make a full packed burger.  Fries were great, maybe next time no whiz but extra japalenos.  Burger was HUGE so full halfway through but definitely good.  They forgot my LT but bartender promptly ran to get me some- kudos for him!
Overall cant say I would be back but was decently satisfied.This place has been around for ages, it was a favorite South Street haunt for my parents and mom's sisters in the mid-eighties. This was the first Christmas I spent in the Philly metro area since I was very little, and one day my dad took me to see all of the places that held significance to my parents, including the hospital where I was born. My aunts thought it would be a great idea to celebrate my and dad's last night in Philly at the Copabanana (or as my dad still often refers to it, Copacabana).
I decided to look at the place on Yelp and I was already leery of the place when I saw it only had an average of 2 1/2 stars. I told everyone, and they took it with a grain of salt, as they wanted to go more for nostalgia than anything.
According to them, the decor has not changed since the eighties, which I could see. Neon lights and white painted wood paneling are what we're working with here. It's also quite small; my dad and I decided to show up thirty minutes before our scheduled meeting time to secure a table. Once six rolled around, the place was practically full.
In true celebratory fashion, I indulged in three of their Miami mojitos, and somehow was not hungover the next morning. We ordered the bubble bread, the southwest egg rolls, and the spinach and artichoke dip for appetizers. One of my dad's favorites back in the day was their Mexican pizza, which they unfortunately no longer serve.
For my entree, I had the Caribbean jerk chicken quesadilla, which came with a side of salsa and sour cream, which I don't think they needed. They don't have any desserts.
It's places like this that make me second guess Yelp reviews. I've been to places with near perfect ratings that just did not do it for me, as well as lower rated joints that prove to be, at least in my experience, hidden gems.Been to Copabanana twice. Both times I would say it's "OK." Not "A-OK," but a step above "I've experienced better." Food was decent, and not overpriced. Was very appreciative of the sidewalk seating when I first moved to the area, and felt like I had to bring my dogs everywhere, lest they freak out and bark their heads off in the new apartment and annoy the neighbors. 
However, at my first visit, I ordered a lamb burger, and I'm still 100% convinced that it was actually lamb. And the yogurt sauce was missing.OK, I guess it's me because I haven't been in this place for years, but I used to love it there. I love their flavored margaritas, and normally I'm a beer drinker, so that should say something.  
Food wise. . .yeah, I dunno.  I'm a vegetarian so I'm limited in any place like that.  Probably why I haven't been back in so long. Well that and I would rather drink beer, (because tequila and liquor somehow makes me naked! I learned past 25 this is NOT a good thing.).  BUT, they used to have really awesome  Ahi tuna sandwich's.  I used to go there just for one ordered  Atlantic City style. . . yummy.  
I guess things have gone to hell since I was last there.  It's been what, eight years. . .maybe seven.  That sorta makes me sad.  But if I ever feel the need to get a little shitty on tequila all fruited up with salty tassels, I'm still heading over there. They can't fuck that up!We love this place for burgers, nachos, chips and guac and margaritas (and beer at times).  My friends LOVE the Spanish fries.  I did have to send my tomatoes back this time, totally inedible, was surprised they used them - soggy and mealy. yuck. Gave me guacamole instead. 
It is a little more run down than a few years ago (steadily going downhill) but it is still a fun place to go. Not a big selection of food or burgers but what they do, they do well.  Great that you can sit inside and people watch out on the street or sit outside (when not too hot or stinky (south street can really stink in summertime)).  Kind of a bizzare set up - have to walk through two bars to get to the "dinning room" and getting the the bathroom when crowded, especially when you really have to go, is a real pain.  But the bathrooms are clean!  Just love their double margaritas ($15 a pop though).  Never tried any of the flavored ones, stick to the regular one, it's the best on south street!  Can't beat this place for a tasty burger.  It might not be as good as it used to be but it still beats many of the places around (oh, and as with most of my reviews...they have vegetarian burgers/veggie versions too).  I have always enjoyed the burgers I have gotten here.  Had a great waitress this time and the last time a great waiter. After two doubles, the place will look spic and span!  Cheers!For the humble price of $11.50 at Copa's I can enjoy a 2 1/2 Patron Margaritas w Salt. Nevermind the fact that it's usually wayy too sweet & there mostly likely someone else's lipgloss on the glass .. who can beat this price and pure South Street ambiance all around (ie gritty catfights, drunkards tumbling down the steps, tourists getting loose) you get the picture. I will only visit this place for my awesomely terrible margarita(s)and I never stay for more than my "one" drink. If you come here expecting more than random fuckery then you've come to the wrong place! Three stars for my fav hole in the wall. One more thing, if it's crowded, head to the bar upstairs for faster service. Hold on .........people eat here!?This place isn't this good for it to be this expensive. 3 people and 3 meals adds up to $75? They didn't even notify you that the fries cost $5.95 when you order a burger. Who does that?I have such mixed feelings about this place. Sometimes the service is phenomenal, other times it's the absolute worst I've ever experienced. Sometimes the food is really good, other times it causes food poisoning. (I recommend staying away from the food menu actually) but the margaritas are always A-mazing and after 2 you'll be feeling more than good. 
Skip the food, but definitely come here for drinks!Dined here with friends recently. Giving only three stars as the food was mediocre and the service not so attentive. It wasn't really busy while we dined here either. The one thing I did enjoy was their margaritas. Excellent with plenty of flavors to choose from. And they aren't too light on the booze either.We were looking for something not so healthy to eat today so we decided to go here .. The waitress Liz said they are known for their burgers so we got the Beef burger w/ bbq sauce and fried onions. I also added french fries which had a nice seasoning to top it. The burger wasn't bad but nothing to rave about. The fries were nice. I like skinny fries so it was perfect for me. 
We also got the jerk chicken and shrimp skewers with pineapples. The skewers were okay. We would only get it again only because it was overcooked and better the first time. 
I would definitely come back because Liz, our server, was very friendly, patient and pleasant. 
Shannon switched with her and took over her table... She too was very nice. So the customer service was great. Overall, decent experience. Ill try the Philly cheesesteak next time or the nachos!The service has been hit or miss. Although the place is a total dive, the food is fantastic. The burgers are huge, and although a little on the greasy side, worth all the calories. I have really enjoyed relaxing here for a burger (the brighton and yukatan are the best) and a margarita. The food is pretty cheap for the food you get. One person probably will not pay more than $20 for a meal and a drink.Included gratuity with dinner . Accused us of drinking all day even tho have receipts to prove we only had 2 margaritas stole our ids and wouldn't return them. Fat trash manager couldn't compensate for having to drive an hour back to philly to get ids back . DO NOT
GO HERE !!!!Place is in good location. Food taste like crap. The service is horrible who serves hot beer on summer days. Bar smells like shit. Waieters are horrible especially the tatoo girl. My wife ended up in the hospital after eatimg there with a stomach bug. On top of that they charge you a 17 percent tip if you spend more than 50 dollars. That is ridicuoluos with the crapy service they have.Have the margaritas in a tin glass . It makes the drinking experience fun. I enjoyed this too much.If I hadn't gone to Copa last night at 11pm, I never would have met Silk, the man who would later instruct my friend on how to pick up women.
Ferry (my friend), Giles (my dog), and I sat down to enjoy an impromptu margarita and fajita salad. Just as Ferry is talking about how effective Giles is when it comes to picking up women, our cute waitress (Sarah) walks over and starts gushing over his doggish good looks. She scratches his belly, he gives her his paw and kisses, and just when she's already impressing the hell out of us, she asks for his name.
Me: Giles
Sarah: Giles! From Buffy?!
Ferry and I are both visibly giddy. Another Buffy fan lives among us! She leaves our table and I start chatting up the two guys at the table next to ours. 
Me (looking at Giles): Don't mind him, he's really friendly
Guy 1: Oh, no bother. I have an Italian Mastiff. 
Guy 2: Yeah, his dog had me pinned up against a wall. 
Guy 1 (hollering at a group of girls): Hey, how you doin? (One girl turns around) I see you looking, that's alright, you can look.
Me: Do you really think that works? 
Guy 1: You just gotta have confidence, girls love confidence. 
Me: How do you think my friend Ferry can pick up the waitress?
Guy 1: Just say "I like you" 
Ferry furrows his brow in panic. 
Me: I like you? That takes courage...something easier
Guy 1: Just compliment her on something...(Sarah, our waitress, walks back out just as he's talking). 
Sarah: Hey guys can I get you anything else?
Guy 1: Ferry and I were just talking about your hair. He was saying a lot of girls can't pull off that hair style and you work it really well.
Sarah, blushing and clearly excited, moves to our table and makes a b-line for Ferry.
Me to Guy 1: Whoa, that was money!
Guy 2: Yoooo dude! That was smoooooth. I'm gonna call you Silk from now on!
As it turns out Ferry and Sarah end up exchanging geek comic book talk and other nerd code; it's clear they'd have a lot to talk about. Did he get her number? No...but here's why: an epic ending to an already memorable experience...the firefighters crowed the street and blocked  it off due to an electrical fire a few doors down, so we were forced to leave. Nevertheless, we found out she works on Friday nights.
Silk (hollering at another group of ladies): Excuse me, Ms. (one girl turns around). I like you. (She smiles). You have a beautiful smile.
As for Silk, he and I exchanged numbers and promised to reconvene at Copa soon enough. His farewell text? "We'll hang soon. Long live KING FERRY." Turns out he's a minister. Good things happen with the right combination of strangers, margaritas, and a good server. Well done, Copa.Chase was our waiter. Greatest waiter ever. Full of love, life and very witty. Definately a people person. Food was great.I came to Copabanana yesterday, it was the worst experience i ever had. The waiter told us that the happy hour special only applied if we sat at the bar. Then told us that we could stand and eat our meal if we wanted the special. Which is very bad hospitality. When my meal came out my tortillas had mold on them. The waiter proceeded to argue with me that mold wasn't on my food until I told him to go get a manager. The manager apologize for the mold and gave me   the dinner free. On top of all that we waited 30 minutes to get our check. I will never go back here againIts too bad you cant smoke in bars anymore . Nice place to chill at and good food . A lil small for a guy like me but it will do . One of the many places on South were you can get meet good people and have a great drink. You can walk outside and people are everywhere . If they had a lil more room , this would be the place !!!Copabanana has one of the stupidest names ever with decent food and drink.  And with that, it's basically a perfect fit for South Street.
I've been here twice, both times for the full dining experience.  Me and my babe were seated in the dining room, which as you may or may not know, is reached by going through the main first room, then into the second where the bar is located and finally around that.  I figure most of the patrons go there to drink and eat appetizers as both times I have gone it was pretty dead in the dining room.
That said, the attention you get from the wait staff pretty much sucks.  You'll see your waiter or waitress when they take your order, bring you your drinks and food....and that's almost about it.  I noticed that the second time I went, there was a bit more attention since we were buying some drinks, but if you're mainly drinking water or sodas, you'll need a tracker to find the help, which sucks.
Food-wise, this is pretty good stuff.  First time I went I had the chicken chimichanga and the second time I had the pulled pork bbq quesadilla.  Both were good, but this is yet another one of those places that you feel like a bigger chain like Chili's couldn't do just as well or better in some instances.  I will give a couple extra points for the good tunes being played here, as that always makes me happy when I enjoy the music at a restaurant.  Prices are what you'd expect, and the upstairs has a tapas bar that's supposed to be "upscale," but I have a feeling it's no better than what's downstairs.The Copabanana in West Philadelphia is soooo much better than this one. Don't bother with this spot. When I walk into a place of business especially if its a restaurant and it smells horrible I'm automatically turned off. This place looked dingy and had a bad odor. My friends say the drinks are just okay. Never againI opted to try here because its nice out, and frankly it was one of the few places i've not been to in the area. Probably the first mistake, as the South Street area is packed with really solid places to eat. I went with the generic corona and taco's, figuring to play it safe the first time I go somewhere.
I have some thoughts on taco's. They should be A) better then taco bell, and B) better then I can cook at home. If they are not either, they should be free. I was very disappointed by the taco's. Really no seasoning, which is disappointing because its really easy to do. To me just because you get soft shell taco's should not mean they come wet, and nasty. It was just a bad experience, however I have really nothing but nice things to say about their wait staff who were pleasant, apologetic, and really fast with the orders and drinks.
So that might be the saving grace. I would be happy to come back and sit outside on a nice day for some drinks. I will just pass on the food. I would have gone 1 star, but the waitress really tried to make up for bad food.I would probably avoid Copabanana, except for the fact that when you order a margarita, they give you the whole shaker so you are really getting 1.5 drinks.
The food is just okay and the bar is dirty. It smells like beer soaked carpets and I just don't like the atmosphere. 
That being said, there are much worse places to go on South Street, so for that, Copa gets 3 instead of 2 stars.I was visiting family out in Bucks County when I decided to take my younger sister out to South St.  My friend and I are of age to drink (my sister is 16) so we wanted to go somewhere that he and I could get a drink, and she could eat something.    Upon sitting down we can hear a HIGHLY inappropriate conversation being shouted between two servers.  I heard the F bomb at least ten times.   My friend and I both ordered our margaritas without being asked for ID.   First of all the drinks were DISGUSTING! It didn't even taste like tequila.   Second, the server OFFERED my 16yr old sister a margarita!  Are you kidding me?!    So, being the "cool older sister" I let her drink one margarita.  Ya know, since they offered and everything.  For our entrees we got the chicken cheesesteaks, they were disgusting too.  The chicken was burnt and cut up in large chunks which made it hard to chew.  Also, the bread was dry and flaky (yuck!)    I could keep going, but you probably get the point.   Needless to say, that was the first and last time I will be dining there.wheee! phillys get a home run and we all get free shots! wheee!!!
otherwise, nothing spectacular. $2.50 yuenglings which is pretty standard at most places. Tiny cramped bar area but there's a HUGE upstairs that's totally empty? 
They have tasty nachos! LOTS O CHEESE!
so...as long as the phillys are awesome, this place is alright.I came here on a Thursday night with my boyfriend who has never been. I was your excited for him to have what I remembered as being the "best margaritas" ever!!! Anyone remember "Margarita Mondays"???  Anyway, as we walked in, I was surprised that no one stopped to ask us us for ID (like most bars) Flag #1. Nor, did anyone greet us upon arrival. We took it upon ourselves to sit at the bar (the NBA playoffs were on the television). I ordered a pomegranate margarita & a strawberry margarita for me boyfriend. The bartender, Matt was cool. Our drinks were so-so. Not what I remembered from the past, but it was just ok. As we began drinking, we heard 4-5 guys arguing in the room adjacent to us! Matt told us not to worry as they were "regulars" there. I normally would ignore behavior like that, but these dudes sounded like they were about to shoot up the place! - I couldn't even enjoy my drink because I was fearful of my life! I asked if there were a mgr on duty because I was concerned for my safety and the fact that the bouncer who would normally be at the door, was no longer there. Matt told us that his boss had to run out to the wine & spirits, so we decided to ordered an appetizer while we wait. I ordered to chicken & shrimp skewers. However, the huge chunk of chicken that they through on a stick we undercooked! When the manager finally came back, I told him about my concerns (safety, atmosphere,quality of food,etc) he shrugged it off and said "this is a typical night for us. These guys are regulars. Why pay for a bouncer") I felt Kik thus dude was high off of something because he appeared so spaced out and pale-looking! I even told hi about the ONE bathroom that patrons were forced to use because the only other one was "out of order". I won't even go into details about how gross the bathroom was because that's not the purpose for this review. I'm extremely disappointed with the way their management let this place go to shambles!! I had so many memories here and could only think about the potential this place has (esp. because of its location) but no one (other than Matt) seems to care about this place and it shows!!!I really had a great time here.. they need to upgrade a few things but other than that.. their drinks are sooo good! I had a double strawberry margarita... and that's all I needed.. I haven't taste their food at this location yet.. but it looks fairly good..I came to this  place hoping to enjoy drinks and food with a friend. I received my appetizer first with out a drink in front of me. Afterwards I received my entree and my waitress was then walking out with my drinks. I'm very displeased with everyone , the manager then walks up with an attitude and when I asked her to get me a drink that was not water-down. She left and then came back with the same drink.Copabanana has the best flavored margaritas in town. After much experimentation, I've decided that the orange-mango is my favorite. (Other options include prickly pear, watermelon, raspberry--both regular and blue, strawberry and standard lime.) These things are so potent that they've led to some rather surreal experiences (like my somewhat straightlaced parents admitting to recreational drug use and wild sex--eek!--after imbibing a few). A single is more like a double, and a double more like a quadruple.
Now that I've gushed about the drinks, I should mention that the food and service are both hit-or-miss. But if you can score a sidewalk seat on a warm spring day (or a window seat during a snowstorm), it's usually worth it. Order some nachos to soak up the tequila and enjoy the people watching on South Street.
A word to the wise--the bubble bread is nothing like that served at Florida's Bubble Room. Don't order it if you've tried the real thing.Sorry, I have to give this place 5 stars. Everytime i go to copa i have a GREAT time.  The location is key, at 4th and South, its basically the crux of activity in the South Street district. I enjoy sitting in the windows or along the sidewalks with friends, partaking in some french hating. French hating is when you basically talk about every person who walks past.  I highly recommend the fruit margaritas, i always order a double, they are the most famous item on the menu.  Another one of my favorites here would be the Caribbean Burger, prepared with jerk spices and mango chutney.  Original and delicious!I've eaten here twice. Both times were very good. First time sat at the bar and had pulled pork quesedillas. Woohoo good stuff. Bartender was great. Music was good as well. Pixies followed by the Clash mixed with Bob Dylan. Nice touch that they had English soccer matches on the telly too.
Second time came here with my wife and our daughter. We were nearby shopping for fabric for her prom dress. Almost didn't realize it was Mardi Gras Fat Tuesday! noticed the police outside preparing South Street for the night ahead. Lucky for us it was still early afternoon - lunch time and there wasn't much of a crowd in the Copa. Yet 
I ordered the Cuban melt. My wife had a reuben and our daughter had a bacon cheddar burger melt. We split a large basket of Spanish fries. They were happy with their choices. I loved my Cubano. They had a Hurricane drink special that my wife and I both enjoyed. 
Best part of it all, our daughter thought our server was cute, said he looked like Justin Timberlake. When she had to use the restroom we asked him if he would give her some of his Mardi gras beads when she returned from the bathroom. We told him we would pay for them if need be. He said no worries. When she returned to the table he stopped by and gave her ALL of his beads. Said he was done his shift and did not need them anymore. Wow, good job man. You just made her day. She still talks about that lunch at the Copa almost a year later. 
Of course we tipped him well for it, and the good service.Always a good place to get a coconut mojito on a Friday night from the bartender Ted.Worst experience ever.
My boyfriend and I came to this place because we hadn't seen each other in a while and wanted to share a few drinks.
First of all, the bartender was RUDE!!!! His face scrunched up when my boyfriend was asking questions about the menu, as if my bf did not deserve any of his oh-so precious time.  
To get faster service, I even suggested that I go and order, since he might be more receptive to female customers.
Although I tried to smile and "nice him" the whole time, he seemed extremely unhappy with his job and with me.
With service aside, we ordered two drinks, both of which reaked of cheap alcohol.  They tasted so bad We couldn't even finish the first cup, let alone pour the rest of the cocktail from the shaker!  By the time we finished half our cup, we had really bad headaches from the cheap alcohol and mixer that they used, that we decided to leave.
At the time of leaving, I asked the bartender to close my tab, which was when he told me that my credit card didn't go through the first time.  I thought this was strange because he ran it through and returned the card to me the first time.  I shrugged it off, since he was so curt with me, I didn't want to argue with him any further, so I'm sure he knew what he was doing, and gave him my card.
When I checked my credit card statement a few days later, I found that I got 4 charges, 2 of which went through!! Annoyed,  I called copabanana, spoke with the manager who was pleasant, and assured me that the first charge (pre tip) will get taken off, and that someone will give me a call the next day.
I waited for that phone call, but it never came.  And checked my account a few days later and the charge was still not taken off!  I called copabanana again, and this time, was accused of false claims! He was basically saying that I got charged twice, but since they were not subsequent in time and different in amount, he thinks that i'm lying to him?!? First of all, of course they weren't like a minute apart, since he ran my card through the first time, and ran it again before i left (like an hour later).  Second of all, of course they are differnt amounts, i tipped the very rude  bartender!
I was disgusted.  
In the end, the manager ended up speaking to the bartender about this matter, who explained the situation to him and got the charges taken off.  But i was extremely disappointed with my experience with copabanana-- the bartender, the drinks, the management-- and will DEFINITELY NOT be returning there again.I've definitely written reviews for here before! Ugh!
So, I used to love Copa, especially because using a restaurant.com certificate was a great way to try it out and still have leftovers for the next day if you went as a two-top.
But I have some complaints.
Please don't be the place that only puts toppings on the middle of a heaping pile of tortilla chips and call it nachos. So difficult to get good chips!
Less sour mix in your drinks, please! You have a great selection of beers for my hubby, and I love your pink lemonade- sometimes! It's inconsistent, which makes me wary to order it, even if ordering one cocktail is really ordering 3 (they give you the shaker).
Prices are really just average to pricey. But the burgers are phenomenal, and we love the Spanish fries plain with just the spice. Like we LOVE them. Holy wow. And I feel like the house salad tastes really healthy, even if it is pretty bland.
It's annoyingly loud when you're there during a game, but it is that kind of bar, so be prepared.
I recently went here and waited about 4 minutes of waitresses passing me before one recognized I was waiting.Been going here since I was in college, running around Phila, all day, end up her, late night, not the cleanest bar, its sits on corner, people watch..sure are plenty inside , too!! In in desperately need of makeover, major overhaul in cleaning. Crowded, it smelled like milk gone bad..as we waited near bar, finally after45-1 hr, sat down, so crowded, but the food was good, (maybe hungry & tired , too).the Spanish fries with peppers is great, burger..not bad.. guess not paying for decor, just good food, reasonable, drinks..hung out for while , chatted..not bad.Absolutely excellent service from the waiter Shawn. Me and my friends came here on a whim after having a really horrible experience at Fat Tuesday's right across the street. When we got here, we were seated right away at a cozy table by the window. Our waiter Shawn was cheery and perky and immediately brightened our mood. "What margarita can I get for you ladies?" Was the first question he asked us and at that moment , I hadn't even seriously considered getting a drink but was sold on the idea after Shawn described all the margarita options to us. I ended up ordering the blueberry raspberry margarita and it was so yummy. I was pleasantly surprised that they give you a whole container of your drink so you can keep refilling your glass. Now that is $8.50 well spent! For my meal, I ordered the steak fajitas and this was really good. They give you 3 soft tortillas, a plate of condiments including salsa, guacamole, cheese and sour cream and a pan of steak and peppers. The meal was very filling! Overall, we had very good service here. Everything was reasonably priced as well. Would definitely come back here again!I went here with some friends after strolling down South Street.  The place is small and tight and yes, cheesy.  I had a regular margarita which was decent.  I enjoyed the jerk chicken quesadilla.  I did not enjoy the nachos because I felt it had too much cheese which was not distributed evenly on the nachos.  The service was not great.  I had to wait for someone to show up to the front to seat us.  I had to ask another waiter to get my waiter when I wanted another drink because he never returned to the table.  I also do not like the tip being included.
I would not return but it was an experience.Copa is a South St staple. They've got one of the best burgers in the city, surprisingly good full plates, and bubble bread is a must. No draft beer but a decent bottle selection and, of course, great margaritas.It seems to me with all the bad reviews, and somewhat good ones that the people who seem to think that this place is great would rather eat out of the dumpster rather then eat at a good restaurant apparently they don't know what  good food is, I most certainly will not be dining here ever.The wings were good!
Me and my wife went and got wings, shrimp, and cheese fries with cheese whiz. It was all good, but there is not much selection on the menu. Definitely worth checking out for good finger food/appetizer stuff, but not for a big meal.I love coming here with friends and getting  Margaritas. They come in a huge jigger. Where as other places for the price they charge here it's only half that size. The food is good. I got the Chicken Nachos & they are big and deelish.  My only complaint is the bathroom. (Girls if you pee on the seat wipe it!) They need to stock it better with toilet paper. Other than that I suggest  you come here cause good times are differently had here.I'm just going to get right to the point:  avoid at all costs!!!
I stopped in here with a few friends on a Saturday night.  Our server was terrible in every respect:  no refills, no check-in's, 20 minute wait for the bill.  The worst part was that he completely messed up my order (including trying to convince me what I got was what I ordered... um, no) and the rest of my party had finished eating by the time I had the proper food.   It really ruined the time I had that evening. He never apologized, never offered a drink, coupon - nada.  The decor sucks and the overall feel of the restaurant makes me think of the inside of a single-wide trailer.  Yuck.  The only good part was the lime margarita I was able to drown my troubles in.  They did have a good selection of margarita flavors so if you must go here, pull a stool up to the bar, have one, and run out of there like the dickens!Come here for the margaritas--- they are incredible, and you get an entire shaker full. That means you're paying for one margarita but basically getting about three. Plus, they are delicious.
The burgers are also good. They have some garlic mayo on it which is very tasty. Normally I hate mayo, but this one goes perfectly with the super juicy burger.
Don't get the nachos, though. They definitely aren't worth it.Stopped in on a hungry whim. Casual easy atmos and good food. Excellently located for people watching. Great burger, mediocre fries. The rum and coke was good. Waitress was awesome.Had the buffalo shrimp and it was hmm hmm good. The service was ugh.. Went on a BUSY Sunday night didn't really expect much of this place. The food was good and the drinks were even better. $5 margarita shakers up until 10pm is definitely worth the trip. PS, one shaker gives about 2-3 drinks. #winI was there at Happy Hour on a Friday night and enjoyed some $5 appetizers.  All the food was good.  I'm not a drinker, but my friend enjoyed her drinks.  Fun place!it's whatever.
except that on thursdays they offer $5 margaritas in many delicious flavors that will knock your socks off.Stick to margaritas and nachos and you'll think 5 stars, also. Go get dinner somewhere else.If you're bar hopping on and around South Street, stop in for a drink. It's def a decent spot to start off your night but then keep it moving. I went on a Friday night and the crowd was somewhat mixed in terms of age and race. I went in on the bar side and it was surprisingly small, the upstairs as well.  Here's where I had my first Tokyo Tea, which is basically a long island except you swap the Coke with Midori. Not bad.
Only gripes are that the bartender was really slow and the downstairs and upstairs bar areas were small. 
I will admit that my expectations weren't met. I kinda thought it'd be like a Friday's or something. Oh well...Currently at two stars and no surprise after my visit. Our water came with a fly one glass and cigarette ash up the side of the other, obviously not washed. Drink order was wrong albeit only a bit. Guacamole was acidic and the chips were stale. We threw in la toalla and se fue.
I'd skip this place for now.I stopped coming here for the food a long time ago. They claim to have the bet burgers in Philadelphia but that boat has long since sailed to other establishments in the city.  The margaritas on the other hand are awesome and quite strong. (def not complaining). 
The inside is tiny and a little cramped at times.
If you are going to check this place out, just keep in mind that this is a South Street landmark. Maybe it will be better.Food was good, the staff worked hard despite clearly being understaffed. Can get crowded but the food is good, I got their Cajun Wings and loved them and it's a nice little spot with some good music. If they were staffed a little better we could've gotten in/out a little quicker.My burger sucked....i wanted med rare---i got well done...and they put mayo on the bun already---which is WAY too big for the beef. The spinach dip was not bad, but kind of tasted like it could have been frozen. They dumped about a pound of shredded cheese (fyi i LOVE cheese) but this was absolutely too much. Our mojitos were great, the bartender was super friendly.......other than that....a place known for good burgers....and from my experience.......not so good.
** only reason it got 2 stars was because of the friendly bartender and the tasty drinks he made **Their Spinach Artichoke dip is freaking delicious!!!Not the cleanest place. Cleanliness has been an issue here for years. Sticky, nasty bathroom floor. Dirty drink glasses. Service not so friendly. I go every few years just to see if much has changed. Nope. I'll take my business to Copa in University City. Gave two stars because of great location on this lovely South Street corner.This place is awful, the female bartender makes it very clear when you walk in that you're not welcome. If you ask for something they don't have stand by for the shaming. If zero stars was an option that would be what they get. If you're the owner and want to improve this place start by firing the staff that shouldn't be in the hospitality industry.If you want to get yelled at and treated like shit by every employee, and everybody go hereI will have a Bloody Mary. Sorry we do not have tomato juice on this lovely Sunday at brunch. Ok then a dark and stormy. Well, we don't have ginger beer either. Ok a margarita. But here is a glass covered in purple lipstick! 
Now what will you have to eat, soft shell fish tacos? Sorry, we are out of that! 
You have to be kidding me!!!Ok...it wasn't the best place that I've been to but I thought it was somewhat decent.  Must've came at the right time.
Alright...I'll admit something.  My friends and I were supposed to go to Jim's, which was across the street.  Apparently, they were known for their cheesesteaks.  But, we went on New Year's Day and the waiting line was long.  My friends and I weren't gonna freeze our asses off outside and we had a deadline to hit the road back to DC.
So, onwards to Copabanana...which I thought was a decent hole-in-the-wall place.
I got the Philly cheesesteak...which I thought was good.  It came in a sesame-seeded roll.  However, nothing about it stood out...like from The Steak Escape.  Not much difference between the two.
I was surprised that a side dish wasn't included.  At least, provide some fries or chips.  Nope, you gotta pay extra for that.  Heck, they sell a crock (a bowl) of mac n' cheese for 5 bucks!  Er, I could go to the local grocery store and buy a box for what...69 cents and make myself a bowl!!!  
So...it was just an alright place.  Our waitress was alright...she could have done better.
The bathroom!  OMG!  You don't wanna go bathroom there.  It wasn't like barfingly dirty or anything like that.  Well, I'll get to that in a moment.  The bathroom is friggin' small....that if you're claustrophobic, don't even think of going there.  In addition, small touch-ups could be used in the bathroom.  Now, to the barfingly dirty part, the sink could use a good scrubbing down.  It's so dirty that you're not sure if you're better off not washing your hands or not after doing your business.  Yeah...that bad.
(And I'm wondering why I'm giving this place 3 stars?!?!?!?!  Have I officially lost it? Ok....3 stars is for the food only!)
Overall, people seemed to be enjoying themselves there with friends.Yesterday was the first time I had been back to the Copa on South Street in about a year. It is always my stop before a show and unfortunately  this is the first time I have to say I was disappointed. 
Our Margueritas were perfect as always (the main reason we go) but the food quality  has gone completely  down,  the guacamole was still good but the chips were stale & potion of guacamole poor. The buffalo  shrimp  portion had also shrunk immensely and the primo Nachos  that we used to die for were horrible burnt cheese, a few jalapeños, a drizzle of sour cream across the top. We had to ask for some salsa. What happened  to the lettuce  tomato everything  that made your nachos great. I was really  disappointed, in this place that I used to frequent quite regularly.
Lastly, what is up with the night lights in the bathroom you can barely see a thing or is that the point ?!?
Sad, my favorite  Margueritas  place has really gone down hill.Think cleanliness doesn't impact a review... a walk into the Copabanana on South Street will certainly change you mind.  Sure, its not a horrible place to grab a drink, but I recommend getting back on your way shortly thereafter...My friend suggested heading to Copabanana for happy hour before heading over to the TLA for a concert.
I knew they were close to each other but I didn't realize they were on the same block. One star for convenience! 
So I was a little apprehensive about this visit since the other Yelp reviews are less than stellar. Honestly, it wasn't fine dining, but it did the trick for a quick happy hour. Happy hour is available in the bar area only, but we were able to sit at the high-top table by the window. We placed all of our orders at the bar, but the bartender and servers brought our food and drink to us. Another star for the service.
We had several rounds of the happy hour margarita. For $5, you got the full shaker to pour in a martini glass. They were strong and tasty. It was also $5 for all appetizers, including the quesadillas. We got the chips and guac, buffalo shrimp and a Jamaican Jerk chicken quesadilla to split for the table. The hubby went with a burger as well. The food wasn't the best but it wasn't awful. Standard bar food at a great price. Another star for the food and drink. 
All and all, not an awful spot to grab for a concert pre-game.My friends and I were craving margaritas and we were on South Street so Copabanana seemed like a good choice.  Our server had a lot of attitude when we tried to sit at the sidewalk table without talking to the hostess  first.  If you sit at a sidewalk table, they take either a credit card or ID as a precautionary measure so you won't dine and dash.  I gave our waiter my driver's license ... and he never gave it back!  By the end of the meal, I had forgotten about it.  It took the restaurant three days to finally recover it.  I'm never going back.If I could give it no stars, I would. Our waitress was so nice. We got our drinks really fast, but our food took TWO HOURS. After about an hour and a half, the manager(I'm guessing? She didn't even introduce herself) came to apologize and let us know we will be getting our food for free. She then proceeded to argue with one of the members of the table I was with because he states(politely) that he wasn't angry, he just has to be up early for work and she told him (well that's not my fault)???? So unprofessional and really disorganized from the minute you walk in the door. You have to walk all the way around to the other side of the restaurant to let them know you need a table. It was so disorganized. The one on spruce street is soooo much better.This can be our secret, but Copa makes my favorite margaritas in town. Fine, you don't go there for the ambiance, but if you're going for margs, this is the spot. Different than Cantina 'ritas in that they're not as sweet and twice as strong. Also, the regular, non-flavored route is the way to go.
I drank a double marg at 3pm and I didn't sober up until 10pm. Yeah, I really like them.Can't give 4 stars cause I haven't had the food. Being a new yorker, the margarita already gains 2 stars for value. A whole (proper) shaker's worth of a Patron Marg for 11.50. Another goes to not skimping on the alcohol but managing to keep it super tasty and refreshing. Especially alfresco on a 102 degree day!The first Copa experience I had was a few years ago with the 'rents at the Northeast Philly location where the old Uno's used to be.  At that time, my options were limited in terms of what I could eat, so I think I may have gotten fish and chips or something like that, plus the lemonade tasted like sugar water, so needless to say I wasn't extremely impressed.  
HOWEVER, I gave the South Street Copa a shot with some friends before the Hanson concert at the TLA because even though it was raining cats and dogs outside, the obnoxious TLA security guy adamantly told all of us who were shielding ourselves from the rain under the venue's marquee that we were to vacate that area by a certain time or we would be arrested.  Therefore, we had to disperse and find a way to kill a few hours before the line for the show formed.  Since we were all hungry and didn't want to spend too much time walking around to find somewhere to eat, we decided to go to Copa since it was the closest to the venue.  This time around, the lemonade was better, and I settled on the Jamaican jerk chicken and shrimp skewers.  YUM!  A bit more spicy than what I'm accustomed to but far more tolerable than some other spicy foods I've tried.
Copa is a fun place to go with friends, plus it's attached to the Banana Boat (smoothies, gelato, etc.) and there's a separate bar if you're just there for drinks rather than for a meal.  Not exactly the first place I'd choose out of all the enticing options on South Street, but it works.Copa isn't fine dining but it's AWesome dining. Large portions, chill atmosphere, AMAZING drinks, great for informal get togethers and some south street people watching. Awesome server and hostess, this is one of my chill spot favsCopabanana is not going to win any awards for decor and their world famous Spanish fries? I'm pretty sure the only thing Spanish about them is the ethnicity of the line cook who fries them up.
BUT, it's great drinking food (fried potatoes topped with cheese, jalapenos, grilled onions and cheese - what's not to like?), the margaritas are strong and the service we had was fantastic. 
Our server, the fabulous Jillian, made sure our drinks and plates were always full and at the end of the night, brought out a round of free Kamikaze shots for the table.
I wouldn't go out of my way to go back, but I wouldn't turn down an invite either.I actually really like the food and drinks.  The Copa Lemonade and the Margarita are fantastic.  Make sure to order with premium liquor for a slightly smaller headache the next day.    The burgers are really good and offer something for everyone.  They offer about 15 different topping combos, and you can also substitute chicken, tuna or veggie burger.  And make sure to get the Spanish Fries.  Unbelievable.
It can be completely nuts in there (which isnt always a bad thing).
But I did see a mouse fall on someone's head once.
The kicker - I have still continued to go back.Fine for a few drinks. I hear the burgers are amazing, but we only stayed for margaritas. Very dingey, in need of a little facelift.Update: The thing I don't like about having eaten here, they automatically tack on a tip on your check, even for only two people dining, and leave a space for "additional tip" ... Uncool.  I can manage to calculate tips based on service received.The first thing that hit me was the smell. It smelled like someone had spilled hot grease on the carpet and it hadn't been cleaned properly.  We were seated as soon as we entered. That smell seems to be confined to the bar area. Ordered appetizers only. The Primo Macho Macho which was a huge dish.   We only stopped in for drinks.  My date had some kind of strawberry peach mango margarita. She liked it and I had a LIT. Plenty of liquor in it so drinks is not a problem for this place. 
The worse:  While we were having drinks a mouse ran across the floor. That violates all kinds of health and sanitation laws.  The restrooms are unisex. Ladies may have to hover because there was piss all over the toilet seat. For a place that serves food. The ish was disgusting. There were also other violations with the wiring that I saw. The decor is wiggedy wiggedy waack.  Yes I said that. I wouldn't eat here but I'd recommend the drinks.Review about the AWFUL SERVICE AND LACK OF MANAGEMENT and no accountability.  We've been coming to this place because of the martinis.  The food used to be good but has gone downhill.  
I've never heard of a restaurant that doesn't have a phone.  When I called the other location which does not have the same owner that's what I was told.  This is why when you call there is nobody to complain to.  There is a voicemail that doesn't take messages.  You can't leave a message and your e-mails do not get answered.  I've tried. 
My husband and I had drinks outside.  Cory who has been there for many years was our waiter.  He has seen us before but acted like we were from Mars. We sat at a table that was sticky and when he came to us and I told him he came back with a dirty rag and rudely asked me to get up so he can wipe the table.  We only ordered martinis but his attitude was very surly.  My husband had a second one, but I wasn't ready yet.  He never came back to check on me, but when I saw him I flagged him down, and he made a rude comment that we "chose to sit all the way over there."  Excuse me, but we weren't sitting in the restaurant next door and it wasn't the last table either.  It's still his job to check on us, sorry we inconvenienced him due to our choice of a table.  
We noticed that was talking to a couple who were about 4 tables in front of us and he kept looking at us.  When we had to pass this woman after we were done, she gave me a dirty look which I ignored and kept saying "so rude, so rude." So Cory was talking about us, but we didn't do anything wrong but order drinks.  So unprofessional and ridiculous.  We would have had another round, but felt uncomfortable so we asked for the check.   I didn't trust what he might have done to our drinks.  My husband still gave him over 20% and he didn't say thank you when we left.  I wished him a nice day.
It's pretty frightening that a staff member can behave they way the want and there is no management to complain to.  The bathroom was filthy too. 
  Joe the manager doesn't seem  to be around and from reading other reviews and how dirty and dumpy the place looks, it should just shut down.I go here a lot due to its convenience. No matter how crowded it seems I can always get a seat quickly. The burgers are amazing as well as their specialty drinks. Staff is always friendly. Only thing keeping it from 5 stars is the cleanliness.I was very excited to go to Copabanana after searching it online. It's website made it seem as if Copabanana was a hidden gem in Philadelphia's Spruce Hill. However, when my girlfriend and I stepped in we wanted to step right out. We went on a Sunday night and the place packed. The patrons were loud and the place was very dark. It took about twenty minutes for our waiter to come over. 
The plus side to our night was their $6 margaritas. The food was subpar and my steak fajitas were very chewy. 
Half way through our meal, a group of rowdy men started an argument with a waiter and a couple of employees started arguing back.
This place might have been in its prime in the past but now it is just a hole in the wall dump.I ordered the Carribean combo with a price tag of $14.99 only to get a kid's size!!!, The skewed chicken was burnt and the pieces were really small, the spinach side was way overcooked and soggy! I was still hungry after eating.  I was paying separately from my co-workers, so I called in my order separately to add it to an already existing order and they tried to collect two separate delivery fees of $2.00, not cool! NEVER AGAIN!!!!!!!!This is where I go with my girls for our night out, down our pink lemonaide drink and end up getting trashed and going out to other bars. It's a great place to start the night, and they have a nice array of cocktails. The bar itself is completely random. That is why I typically try and bring my own possee and sit at a table.man fuck this place. 
lets see-
beer-expensive
service-non-existant
food-gross
the woman-slutsThe man-friend and I stopped in here to have a drink this past weekend, and while we didn't have anything else besides the one round we were impressed with the service we received from the bartender.  He was extremely attentive, and when a suuuper schwasty face man came in and sat down, he had no problems refusing to serve and removing him from the bar.  
I always appreciate when bartenders can put the welfare of their patrons first despite losing business.
High five!I really love this burger, but I can't find any nutrition information for it. Is there anywhere that it's listed?
It's not on their website or anywhere else.So I went on a double date to Philadelphia and we decided to stop at the "Copa". Big Mistake!  This place is a dump inside so sit outside or keep it moving.  There is old worn furry carpet on the floor.  Yes, furry carpet in a restaurant.  It just has a yukky feeling.  The drinks were alright nothing to designate a driver about and ALL OF OUR DISHES WERE HORRIBLE.
I ordered the Lobster Roll and it was $13.95.  It was the smallest thing ever.  I will stick with Luke's Lobster after here to get a real roll!  My boo ordered the 3 taco meal, just horrible from the meat to the shells.  My friend ordered the nachos and they were horrible!  The chip tastes stale and the meat and salsa were horrible.  My friends date had the fajitas and she said the chicken was rubber and funny tasting!  The food was bad.  
This is a disgrace and i'm going to mention it to the manager!    Unbelievable!We arrived in Philly earlier in the afternoon from IL and after checking into our hotel we decided to check out Copabanana after reading positive reviews about it on the net.   It was a rainy, cool afternoon, so we were just eager to get to Copabanana's and eat.  I will admit the internet photos showcase the restaurant in an entirely different light.  I almost wanted to walk out, but we decided to give it a try and we are glad that we did!   Our waitress, Janele was very pleasant and accommodating to our requests.  Additionally, they were advertising a special that night (appetizer/2 entrees for $20), so that was even better.  The food was served promptly, hot, and tasted very well!   It's definitely a place we would recommend for great food and service at a decent price, but if ambiance is of the utmost importance, you won't find it at this location.8:45pm on a Sunday. 4 empty tables outside. See the hostess about a table. Her response "we really don't like to seat tables outside unless you're eating. Are you eating?"
Me - "margaritas and chips/salsa."
Hostess - "I'm sorry, you just need to go up to the bar."
Me - "oh, ok"
4 empty tables and 845 on a Sunday night....have fun but not with me. Piss poor service if I've ever seen it. Coming from a 17 year hospitality business veteran.I like the outdoor seating in the summer time and the place gets pretty crowded at night so it's a really fun energetic feel there. Good food for a reasonable price. I've gotten the cheesesteak which was really, really good and a lamb burger which was also pretty good. If you're looking for a  fun place to grab drinks and a good sandwich/burger on South Street this is a great place.I went here last week, I had the salmon burger, real salmon wicked, with fries.  Hubby had Philly cheese steak and fries.  We had the margarita, you get sooooo much. We also had the spiked pink lemonade. We will be backkk. Bartenders are soo kool.Some good times have started off with their margaritas. The place is a bit dingy but the food and drinks are pretty good.I guess I should expect cheap service for cheap food. Were sat and told about their margarita special so we went with that as we decided on food. My friends asked for water and waited for it. The server was helpful in describing the menu (still waiting the waters after booze was delivered.)  She gave us a moment to decide. She came back to get our orders, we ask for water, again. Order is in, booze in hand, she brings over 1 glass of water, then bolts. The three of us look at each other with confusion. She comes back with 2 more glasses of water and explains she was waiting for more glasses (tell people that before you leave next time, dear.) App comes out... entrées come out when we're halfway done with the app. Huge portions (plus)... order not to our specifics (minus.)
She lets us know the drink special is about to end, so we go for one more round of drinks. We get our bill, drinks were not at the price of the specials (again, why didn't you tell us that before you left!) and gratuity was included. Now me being in the service industry, I feel sympathetic toward other servers and left an extra $5, but I can't do this place again.Wandering around hungry one night I happened upon Copabanana, a suggestion of someone we were with that night.  There was a short wait for a table outside, but that wait was nothing compared to the waiting we would do once seated.
We all ordered our food and waited.  We ordered another round of beer and waited so long for them that my Southern dining companion stated, "They musta done gone to the Rockies to get the beers."
Well, if they done gone to the Rockies for the beer, then they done gone to Mexico for my dinner because as the food arrived to the table, mine was conspiculously absent.  They told me that my chili nachos would be right out, I corrected the server, that mine were not chili, but regular black bean nachos.  He pretended like he just mispoke, but we all know that he screwed up the order.  Everyone at the table was nearly done eating before I got my food.  The server half-heartedly apologized for the mistake, but made no real effort to make up for it.
In my opinion, if you're not going to make a reasonable effort to earn repeat customers by making amends for your mistakes, then you might as well shut your doors right now.  I'm never going back.First and last time here. Came in for all you can eat tacos with two coworkers. The first waitress didn't even know about the all you can eat tacos when a menu on each table advertised it. Service was super super slow and the bill was completely screwed up. Took over 25 minutes to fix the bill mistake. The food was okay but lunch should never be this slow especially with it not being overly crowded.I can honestly say this was my favorite place to go up until this past Saturday!!!! My friends were a huge fan of their nachos and Guacamole... The last two times that we went there we had the best service and the best nachos which always came with lettuce cheese salsa guacamole and sour cream... On Saturday, after raving to our other friends of how great copas was. It was the worst!!! The server was not friendly and our nachos had nothing but cheese n sour cream.. We asked about the Guac and salsa and we were told that we had to pay $7.95 for a small and I mean SMALL side of both!! That's ridiculous!!! The manager came out and he was rude and he didn't care one bit! We drove 35 min to get there to end disappointed and turned off completely!!! Poor service 100%I have to say, Copa's food has really fallen off. I still hold the place dear to my heart, due to their famous margaritas (I like watermelon and prickly pear). 
What disappointed me was the jerk shrimp quesadillas. They include jerk grilled shrimp, cheese, peanuts, and "chutney."  Well I don't know what type of chutney I was expecting, but it tasted exactly like orange marmalade.  I thought that maybe this was a late-night mistake, since the kitchen was about to close...but I tried it again a few weeks later at an earlier time, and I'll be damned if that wasn't orange marmalade. That was disappointing...WAY too sweet to let to other ingredients shine properly.Overall it's a nice place to stop in and grab lunch, especially on Wednesdays when they have half priced burgers during lunch time (at least at the one on Penn's campus).  I've always had positive experiences with the burgers, and the fries are pretty good as well. 
Not a place I would go on a date, but a casual place that's good every once in a while.This joint has the best margaritas I've ever had!!! Definitely would recommend! Also, JP our server was fun, attentive, and overall an amazing server! Definitely check out this place if you're in the area.Upon sitting down i thought it was pretty cramped (even though ive been to smaller places) and i felt like i was going to be confined to the section i was in...which i was LOL but i didnt mind once i sat down because the staff felt like people i knew or would kick it with - - - pretty laid back spot, but the serive is honestly hit or miss. Did i mention you havta go thru a maze to get to the dining section? Well no, not really, but  you DO walk thru the bar area, then another room THEN the main seating......we were just there for drinks and ended up getting some nachos...nothing fancy for the premiere of Copa.
SECOND TIME AROUND: I would definately recommend dining outside on South Street (at any eatery on the south), especially at the location that Copa is at - - - theres just so much to see. I ordered a burger, which was basically a burger and cheese on a bun, and if i werent so hungry that day from skipping meals due to a moving in moving out situation, i would have just looked at the burger and picked at it, but i woofed it like a champ. There was nothing to woof down tho....it was JUST a burger, plain and simple, nothing more nothing less. I also got the spanish fries (which i was hearing madd reviews about) and they were just OKAY. I enjoyed them, but i didnt know they were spicey? Maybe i caught a bad batch lol I chased all of this ordinary food down with a berry Margarita that was pretty slammin, not gonna lie......but other then that, this place isnt anythingggggg to rant or rave about. Its a bar that is just a bar, and they have food that even i could make (and the only fing i know how to make is cereal and tuna) or atleast attempt to whip up. Overall, this place bores me.....shock me already Copa, shock me...
ill go back...not anytime soon, but ill go back....
for what, well that has yet to be determined......I really enjoyed it.
I don't know, maybe because I was already in a good mood being able to visit for the day from NYC, or because of the beautiful weather, but i really liked this place!
Boyfriend and I sat outside, so i can't really speak for the decor.
Our waitress was fantastic, Cool tattoos she had. I had the bloody mary (great spice and just enough vodka) and he had the martini. The margarita comes with a refill mug on the side (like a milkshake) so there was A LOT of margerita goin on! it's $7 for the house tequila, and only $11 for the Patron, again this includes a giant refill.
Food wasn't anything speacial, he had the philly cheesesteak (why at "Copabanana, i do not know) and enjoyed it, i had the shrimp tacos, which could have been warmer, but were  pretty good. and their bread they have was awesome! I forget what it's called, but it's their house bread. yum.
Great service and atmosphere, and the food isn't great, but the drinks are big and cheap! definately a fun place.Last night we were wandering around South Street and we ended up at Copabanana because we were basically starving and delerious. We got the mini crabcakes for our appetizer...they were pretty yummy. For my entree, I ended up getting "make your own" shrimp burritos. The shrimp was overcooked and  the red peppers and onions were totally burnt and sticky. The sour cream tasted funny. My partner got some sort of steak entree and he said the steak was alright but the beans and rice that came with it tasted bland and muddy. The nicest part of the meal was being able to sit outside on South Street, especially since it was a cool breezy night. But the food? It's pretty lousy. :( What makes it worse is, we both got stomach aches after eating said lousy food. Oh and one more tip: if you're ever dining at Copa and you suddenly realize you have to pee....hold it! Seriously, those bathrooms are so filthy gross, you do not want to go in there. And if the bathroom is THAT bad, it makes you wonder what the kitchen looks like. **cringe**Went here for lunch after Tattooed Moms wasn't wheelchair accessible. Good with both accessibility (even offering an alternate route once I let them know we had someone with a wheelchair-We preferred to sit outside because it was gorgeous out and spring days are rare here!) and food. Their drinks were weak (in fairness, we're used to gayborhood strength, not tourist strengths,as we're locals), but otherwise quite decent. Tacos were comparable to what I'd get in San Antonio when I got there, but their salsa could do with less ketchup, more heat. Wasn't terribly impressed with their service (Off time of day, maybe less motivated to prompt attention to outside tables), but would go there again.For the longest time I've been calling this place "Copa Cabana" not realizing it's "Banana:. For real banana? Cabana sounds better! I mean it's close to the word "Casbah" and when you hear "Casbah" you instantly think that song by "the Clash" that everybody knows but don't know that this band made the song. But every good band makes some "pop gems" but calling this lil' eatery "a gem" is like a diamond in the tough and this place can be a tough call. 
First off the bouncers who usually take up the main door (because being over 6ft and weighing over 500lbs automatically gets you the job) were bouncers for other clubs that got kicked out b/c...
A. they beat the living carcass out of someone for just looking at them an odd way or...
B. they let all the girls in without checking them, in hopes of getting laid with the drunkest or highest leftovers, not realizing one of them is a psycho bitch who brought a weapon to cap her ex's ass in front of all his and her friends. Or most likely...
C. The club asked them to do "too much" work that requires actually moving around the premise, possibly going up flights of stairs, and actually stop odd activities going on, which could give this already over-weight-once-football-star-player-class of '96 an early heart-attack for the added 300lbs he is carrying in his mid-section.
Ok I'm being a real jerk and I have no room to talk about fat people. 
*HINT: I have lovehandles.* 
Anyway this is more than enough detail to give you the idea as you approach COPA. 
The food and service is no step up. The servers range from art school drop outs to Brooklyn refugees who don't yet know how many more "RAD" places exist in Philly. They'll figure it out after they go to a couple of warehouse parties they get invited to. 
What I only like about COPA is the decorative lay out with light up palm trees on the second floor, the decent cheap beer, and the bands (they support local bands like the one I'm in WOOT! Ok guess that makes a hipster or a hipster-crite now... OUCH! My head is hurting)
To the point: 
I had a burger here once that wasn't cooked very well, plus the tomato tasted sour and dry... yeah. I told my waitress and she said 
"Wooh! Bummer! Need another beer?" 
I blinked and blinked much more when I got the check which the burger came to be around twelve bucks. Was this tomato that tasted like ass imported from Helsinki? So yes I paid but I learned a valuable lesson.
Never ask for tomatoes in Helsinki.sticky floors, tight space and crappy drinks!  see you next year copa!Decent place, with a pension for big plates with tiny food on them (albeit good food nonetheless). The margaritas here are really where it's at - straight lime w/ house tequilla on mondays are what you want for 1/2 price craziness. Of course you can always step it up to a mango and Patron... but hey the range or 'ritas are just like the folks here! Everyone's chill here, and it's great to see that kind of atmosphere here (which is really what you're going for - sorry kitchen!) Totally a great little hang out bar.I recently wrote that I thought the Copa on South Street had closed, but I was contacted my management and told they were open as always. I saw Copa's website no longer mentioned the Copa on South Street, only the one near Penn. So I thought the worst. 
It seems they are still open 7 days a week. I am happy to hear it, because I'll be visiting again for a few days in late June! Just don't know why they removed the South St. location from the website...I do like this place for their margaritas! It's kinda a crazy busy spot, and the food is ok, but location location location. I suggest apps and drinks, and check out the lounge up stairs!Skip the line at Jim's Steaks and head next door to Copa for awesome food and a mean margarita.  In my visits I've tried the Cuban, the ribs, and the guac.  Consistently good food and consistently good service.  2 bars make it easy (easier) to get a drink.  When you order a margarita you are given your own shaker... probably the equivalent of 2 drinks.  They do a couple of different flavors but the original is best.
I went a few weeks ago with my girlfriend and her parents, we all got food and drinks and the bill was under $50.
Copabanana is a great place to fill up your stomach and get your buzz going for a rowdy night on South Street.  I'll probably go back for dinner this week.The bartender is very friendly . Ask for J. P. Came in and he was so cool . I love his attitude ,and he makes  a great cocktail !I asked for grenadine in my Corona...THEY DID IT! Diggity damn!!! Blue jawn turn into red jawn BEFORE YOUR VERY EYES!!!! Plus the music rules. Goodnight!Food is good, drinks are above average, I would recommend the vodka lemonade. 
Staff is it's down fall, been here a dozen times (live down the street) and constantly disappointed in the wait staff and bartenders are not memorable.This place sucked, flat soda, crappy beer, food was ok so say the least, and they automatically throw your tip on thereI order the Philly cheese steak with the works. Honestly, I couldn't come to Philly and not have a Philly. I had no expectations and I was pleasantly surprised. The fries were also pretty good. Overall it was a good experience.