Terrific steak sandwich. Owner was great. Beats the other "known" neon lit pretenders. This is genuine and the real deal. Most importantly the friendly attention to clients was absolutely a surprise. 
I would recommend this to anyone looking for the absolute best!!!Worst place by far! I ordered 2 breakfast platters at 230 by the time it was 4 I still didn't get anything mind you they are only a mile away so I called to ask the guy where my food was and he gave the worst attitude possible following by no it hasn't gone out yet what do u want u call on Sunday! Not I'm sorry for the inconvenience nothing if I knew it would have taken so long I could have just picked it up. Who wants eggs when they are 2 hours old anyway it's gross. I order out a lot and please believe me this place is the worst customer service by far DO NOT GO THERE! Oh and to mention it one more time worst attitude ever! Get over yourselfCame up from DC for the day with family in town from MN - wanted something that's not touristy or overrated - found this place. And we were all so happy with our food.
Everything was delicious! My beef (hah!) with cheesesteaks in general is how greasy they can get but this was perfect - just slightly so and all went to the bottom of the sub. Prov and whiz combo - OMG!
We all were so stuffed that we ended up not getting dinner before leaving Philly. It was that good and we were that satisfied!
Thank you!The greatest cheesesteak I've e'er known. The people are always insanely friendly and the cheesesteaks are just amazing. I cannot say enough about them.
Just knowing they exist gives me renewed hope in humanity.Great food! Pats is just comecial like Genos. Filled and packed with cheese and beef, there's no room for the non nessesaties. The thick hot sauce is a supreme topper with the added Katchup without mustard with a tad of may-oDelivery *sometimes* comes with a side of sexual harassment depending on who you get.This is THE most original, authentic hoagie in Philadelphia. Fresh, thinly sliced deli meats and cheeses piled in a seeded roll.  All the vegetables are thinly sliced and generously piled on top.  Don't forget to ask for those sweet peppers!
The shop is very busy mainly takeout orders as they only have two small card tables to eat in.  It's fun to sit there while eating and watch an "old school" Philly Italian deli in action.  Staff was friendly.
While you're there, walk down the block to Termini's Italian bakery and pick up a few treats for later.  Better yet if you re driving, park in Termini's lot and walk down to Cosmi's as parking is tight in the area.
There are many hoagie shops in Philly and some popular tourist shops but this is the BEST hoagie in town!This was the best Cheese Steak I've had in Philly. I've been eating steaks for years, rarely do I go to the big guys on 9th St. I find the smaller locals really make awesome sandwiches. However, nobody has topped Cosmi's, they are absolutely the best. I did not even know they made sandwiches till I saw them on yelp!  
My husband and I enjoyed their steak fries also.i've frequented this place ever since i found out about it. the food is excellentttttt. yummy sandwhiches, cosy mom and pop atmosphere.  however this is the last time i'll be coming back, or recommending this place.
one of the men who usually rings me up (he has a twin), started going off on me when i asked him how long it would take, raised his voice and walked away. Not everyone who asks this question is implying they need or want faster service.  Infact there have been several times where I've had to sit for an additional 10-20 minutes after ordering online... It's never been an issue for me personally. 
I understand how busy they can get and food service can be stressful. I also know now they prioritize online orders via his response that if i had ordered it online when i walked in... that it would come out sooner? ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
keep doing everything the same, just lose the shitty attitude.Cosmi's catered my daughter's first birthday party. We've ordered takeout from them a handful of times, but wouldn't say they were on heavy rotation although they sure are now. Mike (the owner?) was nothing but pleasant, accommodating and easy to work with. He asked me how much I wanted to spend and made suggestions on the menu, knowing how families in South Philly like to eat (which is, a lot). We had macaroni, meatballs, sausage, salad, sandwiches, appetizers, etc, all delicious and for a reasonable price, with plenty left over. Mike came to my venue with a team to set up and thought of every detail. He even understood that I was a little unhinged because due to the weather, our outside party suddenly became an inside party, and did his best to calm my nerves. I cannot say enough good things about Cosmi's and truly hope you will consider them for your next event. I will most definitely use them in the future for my catering needs!The steaks were fine but the place had a funk like it had not been cleaned in years.  The smell of rotting meat and mold will keep me from ever going back.  It took 20 min to get our order and we were the only ones in there!Came here for a late lunch/early dinner. I live in DC and I wanted to know what this Philly cheese steak thing was all about. I'm vegetarian so I can't give a review on the meat cheese steak but the veggie cheese "steak" was the bomb! They had two other options for vegetarians but I opted for the garden cheese steak. 
I didn't want to go to the all time famous cheese steak place in Philly because its over rated. This gem is hidden in a small neighborhood on the corner.
Great customer service and friendly staff. Give them a try!We ordered a cheesesteak (sharp provolone & brocolli rabe) & wings (hot) through grubhub last night.  The food tasted fine - neither of the meats were objectionable or remarkable.  (For my money, I'd stick with Gianfranco for cheesesteaks and Moriarty's for wings.)
What made this a one-star experience was that two hours after dinner, we were both struck with a mild but uncomfortable bout of food poisoning, with all the unpleasant symptoms you can imagine.  Maybe they didn't wash the greens or maybe they didn't handle the meats properly.  Whatever it was, I'm not ordering there again.Great Philly Cheesesteak sandwich, I came from LA and found this place on yelp. I got the trio (onions, bell peppers, mushrooms) with provolone/cheese wiz. Wait was long inside so it's best to phone ahead for takeout or order on Grub Hub.I'm only giving this restaurant 1 star because there is no 0 star option. I don't think it deserves any stars at all. First of all the owner is arrogant and he lied to me about his cheesesteaks being the "best in philly."  Their cheesesteaks are sub par for sure and by the time it reaches your destination you'll end up with a semi warm over priced nasty sandwich. They just have poor quality food and horrible customer service. I spent 20 dollars on what could of been a good lunch but ended up in the trash because it was cold. I ordered a cheesesteak and fries for 20 bucks and couldn't eat it because it was disgusting.  Instead of trying to make the situation better the owner proceeded to get nasty with me. Honesly if they knew how to make good food I'm sure no one would complain, but his poor quality food matches his poor attitude. He basically cheated me out of my money. Their food just isn't worth waiting for. Oh and for the record, that was the worst cheesesteak I've ever tasted. Wake up and get your shit together Cosmis!I've been to Pat's many many years ago and I was much more satisfied with my Cosmi's Deli cheesesteak experience.  Very affordable, guess it's worth getting a seeded roll if you're only going to go there once, and there is indoor seating although only a couple tables.  But to me, that beats standing outside by going to Geno's or Pat's.  The cheesesteak is a really nice size and nice hole in the wall cheesesteak place in south philly.Cosmi's has great Italian sandwiches, delicious cheesesteaks, and some of the nicest staff in the city.  Four stars out of five because I've gotten the completely wrong sandwich on more than one occasion. The menu is a little pricey, but you do get a lot for the money.
If you want seeded bread (and trust me, you want the seeded bread) call earlier than later because they are always running out, especially on big sports nights!top 3 best cheesesteaks in philly and their fries are off the hook tooI read a lot of reviews before coming here. Was very delicious and well done. I talked to the owner there and he said he prefers a cheesesteak to be somewhat understated with limited peppers and onions. I had them make a cheesesteak his way and requested American and whiz. I loved it. I would definitely come back here. I was happy to avoid the tourist-trap spots too.  Experience was sweetened further as we discussed the Phillies / Blue Jays (90s) and Joe Carter's shot off the Wild Thing to hand the Phillies that World Series defeat.  Was great to talk baseball while eating a cheesesteak. Sublime experience.Just got back from philly and went on a cheese steak bender.  Went to Pats, Genos, Jims, Cosmi's, and Carmines.  Order the basic cheese steak from all of them and without a doubt Cosmi's was by far the best.Called my order in and was told it would take 25 mins...ok, they must be super busy-I figures that was a good sign. Given all the great reviews I thought it would totally be worth the wait. Nope. I have to say it this was worst cheesesteaks I've ever had.  Dry and tasteless. Meat was reheated, not cooked to order, there was barely any cheese and wtf---canned mushrooms. This thing made me want to cry. 
This may be a neighborhood favorite but if you're looking for a decent cheesesteak keep going.First visit today. Stopped in while passing through Philly.  Picked this place based on its great reviews. Cheesesteaks were fantastic, service was great. Will definitely return next time I'm in Philly.We got the godfather and the Sicilian, one on a sesame roll and one on a regular hoagie roll. They were both very good, I liked the godfather better, and the sesame roll is the way to go. There was a short wait because of some catering trays that were being prepped, and the two sandwiches cost about $20. I'm looking forward to coming back and trying a steak.I called in to order and it was about 5 minutes before anyone answered (i tried twice). I got a cheesesteak and honestly I wasn't impressed. The meat was really good quality and tasty but I could barely taste the cheese. I got the seeded roll and dont have a preference between that and a regular roll. Idk it was just ok to me. I went out of my way to get it and I shouldn't have.We ordered the bacon cheesesteak, wow! Thin sliced steak with bacon and american cheese, it was worth the detour. The guys are super friendly and service is quick, don't miss out.I was looking for a good corned beef special for delivery, you get a good cheesesteak or pizza anywhere in south philly but a real deli sandwhich?  that's not so simple. Thanks to yelp I found cosmi was delivering at 8pm when I placed my order and I am so happy I had to leave a review. excellent sandwhich, decent portion, pricing more than reasonable and delivery time as promised. BTW the potato salad is a "must have" add on. next time I'm getting a large. 
thank you Cosmi's deli for making my hard work week end well. I'm will be ordering regularly and telling the locals. xoxoAbsolutely divine cheesesteak.  Get it on a seeded roll and ask for onions.  
Probably the best cheesesteak in Philly.  The steak is incredibly juicy and the cheese and onions complement it perfectly.  
Not to mention, the neighborhood is a great working class area perfect for a post-cheesesteak walk to make yourself feel better after eating the generously sized cheesesteak.  
One criticism would be the lack of seating.  We were lucky as the place was empty when we arrived.Cosmi's has the *BEST* cheese-steak in Philadelphia.  The bread is great, the meat is high quality, and it is put together with care.  Also, Cosmi's has a fresher, non greasy taste.
I went on a Cheese-Steak crawl with my classmates.  We tried Jim's, Pat's, Geno's, John's Roast Pork, and Cosmi's.  Cosmi comes out on top!Sought Cosmi's out after reading several reviews and I'm glad I did!  Great family-run deli in the heart of Philly.  Minimal seating but the cheesesteak was awesome!!  Made to order and delicious.  Great counter guys.  I'd go back in a heartbeat!!Ordered a cheesesteak through GrubHub, and it took 1 hour and 25 minutes for delivery. This is the second time my delivery took 1+ hours. Had to heat it up in the microwave.
The sandwiches are delicious, but pick it up yourself. No point in getting a hard seeded roll if it's soggy and you have to nuke it.This is as south philly as your going to get come here for a real sandwich if your in town.
It's a local no frills deli serven up some darn good sandwiches.
I hardly ever order Italian subs so I went for it and ordered the South Philly Italian w/prosciutto, hot capicola, salami & provlone plenty of oil and seasonings just the way I like them.
Just a bunch of locals walking in there ordering up catchen a few innings of the ball game I'd call this a 10 star hole in the wall.This is the first Philly Cheese we have eaten in Philadelphia.  We went with a crowd of 10 adults and 5 children.  The place is quite small and there were only two tables when we walked in.  They quickly got us another table and several chairs.  Even with that, some of still had to stand.  We ordered the basic Philly Cheese Steak with provolone.  The sandwiches were fairly inexpensive and they were served quickly.  Just one bite into this sandwich and I knew we picked the right place.  It was absolutely delicious!  The meat was juicy and had lots of flavor and cheese.  Everyone was talking about how great their cheese steaks were.  I traveled from California and pre-selected this place to eat at.  It was well worth the trip!  I would recommend this to anyone!Came from California looking for a real Philly cheesesteak and let me tell you this place was great!!! The sesame bread was baked to perfection and the meat, peppers, onions, mushrooms and cheese could melt in your mouth. We will be back!This is my friend's favorite cheesesteak in Philly so naturally we came here for lunch one day. The shop is very small with tables in the center. One had salamis, peppers, and cheese for sale on it, and the other was open to dine at. Our cheesesteak hoagies took approximately 10-15 minutes. Lots of drink options in the refrigerators on the perimeter of the store. The hoagie was very juicy. I loved the cheese used. I requested sweet grilled onions which were the perfect topping.We just moved near by....with 2 teenage sons, painting & boxes for days Cosmi's fed us for the first week. Every order was so good, they are so friendly every time we called or went in. I'd give them more stars if I could....The service is outstanding, Mike helped me out for my sons birthday party.  As always, provided quality food and great customer service! The hoagie tray was a hit and we were able to take a few pieces home.  Thank you CosmiI started working down the street and needed a place to go for a quick and affordable lunch, preferably where I could pick up a pack of cigarettes and a soda while I was there. Oh Cosmi's, how I now love you!
The food is good. On a recent trip some meat-eating relatives declared the cheesesteaks "Umm num a num, dewishesh," which I think is full-mouth speak for damned good.
But, to me, what makes Cosmi's so great is the people running the show. They know I only get a very short lunch break, so they make it a point to get my (huge) order of fries out and paid for quickly. They always have time to chat, whether it's to a local regular or out of town tourists who aren't even sure how to get back on 95. Stop there often enough and you'll hear about the news, the history of the neighborhood, Phillies stats and eventually people's life stories.
And when you're in a neighborhood deli in South Philly, that's exactly as it should be.Incredibly hospitable. Great food.  We had a group of six. We all ordered cheesesteaks and felt it really was the best we've had. Then walked next door to Termini for awesome desserts. A gastronomic feast for lunch.I've eaten here numerous times and recently the service/food has been more and more disappointing. I ordered takeout this evening and will not be ordering from Cosmis ever again. After ordering online, I was quoted a 20 minute pickup time. I walked in 20 minutes after ordering and was told they were working on my food. I sat down to wait and after 15 minutes I noticed several people had been in to pickup. After waiting 30 minutes and noticing a) that a family that had come in after me and ordered food to eat there had already received their order, and b) all of the employees in The restaurant (including the 3 - yes, 3 - guys working the register/phone) were milling around the counter, not making food or taking calls. At this point, I asked one of the guys behind the register if my order was up and he looked at me like I had two heads. He checked the line and surprise! my order had been sitting behind the counter for about 25 minutes. By the time I got home, all three sandwiches and our french fries were soggy and inedible. The chicken Caesar wrap we ordered did not have Caesar dressing or any real flavor, save for the soggy wrap and the bland chicken. We tossed the food from Cosmis and ordered food from down the street. Bad service and worse food.On a sick and lazy day, it was decided to order delivery for breakfast sandwiches. I had always wanted to try Cosmi's since their name had often been thrown around regarding best in cheesesteaks. I just wanted a bacon, egg & cheese on a long roll. The bf ordered a steak & egg one. The order was entered via grubhub and we were told there was a 45 minute wait.
That seems really long just for 2 breakfast sandwiches. But laziness and sickness took over and we just waited. Huge plus: they serve breakfast all day. 
Bordering between 45 minutes to an hour, the food finally did arrive and it was worth the wait. The steak was pretty much a cheesesteak with scrambled eggs and it was tasty. The bacon & eggs were nice and seasoned. Nothing disappointed. 
I look forward to ordering more sandwiches here again. Just have to be mindful of the wait time.A friend was in town who had never had a real Philly cheesesteak - unfortunately John's Roast Pork was long closed for the day, so we headed to Cosmi's, clearly the next on the Yelp list, and we weren't disappointed. The steak is huge and the bread is soft and the cheese is not overwhelming. Unfortunately with cheesesteaks there is a fine line to be walked in terms of greasiness, and Cosmi's fell just on the dry side, but not by much. If JRP is closed, this is definitely your best bet.Delicious cheesesteaks, burgers, and big salads with generous portions of meat! Cosmi's has become a regular delivery spot for my family. Highly recommended!Much preferred over other loud, rude, "clean," and NEON eateries in the neighborhood. The food is great, the service is friendly, they deliver, and serve Sarcone's bread. Brilliant.I was in Philadelphia this past weekend with some friends and we decided to try the cheesesteaks at both Tony Luke's and Cosmi's.  We first stopped at Tony Luke's and I had the worst cheesesteak I had ever tasted.  But Cosmi's saved the day!  The cheesesteak was piping hot.  The steak was perfectly moist and the cheese was wonderfully melted.  I tried both with the regular roll and the sesame roll and I preferred the sesame roll - it just gave a little extra touch of flavor.  Highly recommended!!Yummm.  But so so service.  Otherwise I would give it a 5.  Based upon the reviews I read, I expected a "Cheers" type welcome and big man hugs from the behind the counter.  When I walked in I was greeted with blank stares and not a word of welcome.  After walking around a minute or so (which is too long for me in a deli!), I finally walked up to someone and asked them where to order the food.  After finally taking my order, the gentleman started ringing up the carry out orders.  I walked up to pay for my order and he said "the way we do it here is the food comes and then you pay" in true Philly style.  I must admit I stood out like a sore thumb; Asian dude in chino shorts with a designer crew shirt...  but still.  Anyways back to the food - the gents kindly wrapped my cheesesteak in two separate halves based upon the different fixins me and my wife wanted.  The seeded bun was nutty and delicious, but not sure if it was a good fit for the philly.  The meet was flavorful and not grizzly at all.  Overall yumm, but a 1 star deduction for the philly attitude.  Perhaps I came at a bad time cuz I noticed all the other locals walking in were greeted immediately... Hmmmm...  Perhaps if i were a regular after a few years they would shout "Norm!" when I walked in??!?  No that's Boston...  Much friendlier people there...When I still lived in Philly, Cosmi's was THE place to go for a hoagie anytime we were on our way to a Phillies game.  I'm pretty basic when it comes to hoagies and usually just get a mixed cheese with tomatoes and pickles and I know that doesn't seem like much to base a review off of, but the sharp cheese they put in the middle of their hoagies is worth a five-star rating alone.  
PS. I once nearly responded to a guy's profile on OK Cupid because in the section called "6 Things I Can't Live Without", he listed "hoagies from Cosmi's" as one of his 6 things.  I mean, the hoagies are THAT good.Incredible food and the staff is very nice. Literally everything on the menu I've had is awesome.Well I have to rebut people's 5 stars ratings as I went based on this.  Its a decent cheesesteak don't get my wrong but I've eaten way better in the Philadelphia area before.  I'll put at least 4 places ahead of this place.  I will say the staff was super nice and accommodating despite the small area where to eat.
I'll also add I had 3 other people with me, two of them local Philadelphia people that agreed with me.  Decent steak but better can be had.Ordered last sunday, football season. You would think you would have fresh ingredients. Nope south philly Italian hoagie. Worst (warm)cold cuts ever. Lamest excuse for a hoagie. Roast pork. More like petrified chipped pork meat with a tiny slice of cheese, no gravy. Sad to say soggy mushroom cheesesteak was the best of the worst three. And was like dog food
 Oh yea, the hoagie was the warmest of all 3 sandwiches. Terrible. Oh yea. I am 3 blocks from here and it took 1 hour 15 mnutes for delivery...cook let sit until you have 20 orders...get your shit together.I'm not one for making grandiose proclamations but...oh wait, I am. It's totally my thing. Anyway, this is one that actually should be heeded, if you're somebody who cares about good sandwiches in this world of ours. Ahem...On this day, December 4th, 2011, I declare that Cosmi's makes my favorite will-deliver-to-me cheesesteak in South Philly Fo real. When I want a cheesesteak I want one from little corner shop straight to me, Cosmi's. With long hots.
They make excellent hoagies too. I will always pay the extra dollar and whatever it is for my sandwiches to be piled into good sesame seeded bread. South Philly Italian, so good...That Sicilian with prosciutto, sopressata, hot coppa, mortadella, sharp provolone, and roasted peppers, so good...That one with the hot pepper shooters...That one!  Hear ye! Fo Delivery!Excellent food all around. The burgers are very hearty as well as the cheese steaks. Food is often ready in under 15 minutes highly recommend if you're in the area.For our lil Philly trip the hubz was responsible for finding the best cheese steak spot. Apparently Cosmi's was a top contender on someone's list for some cheesesteak challenge? (I didn't ask questions I just went along with it) Off we went and got there a few min after they opened (fat of us I know). Their phone was ringing off the hook when we got there so I guess we weren't the only ones hankering for grub and it reassured that the place was legit. He got the cheesesteak w/ cheddar and I got the chicken steak w/ sharp provolone (I swagged hard I know). AMAZEBALLS. Seeded rolls were fresh, meat was tender, and right amount of cheese too! Ooh! Kinda cramped seating but we ate half there n were stuffed and saved the rest for home. Reheat in the oven and they were slamming the second time around too. I did kinda wish I would have asked for mayo and ketchup but I didn't wanna compromisde the meat w/ condiments. Not their fault, more mine, but that wuda sealed the deal for me. Still can't go wrong w/ Cosmi'sAwesome food here but there's always a long wait even if the store is completely empty. I'd recommend calling ahead to skip the wait.Cosmi's Deli by far makes the BEST cheesesteak in the city.  Don't waste your time or money elsewhere go directly to Cosmi's you will not be disappointed.  The guys that work here are great when you call in your order, and their delivery man is a gentlemen through and through.  I am so glad that a good friend recommended Cosmi's otherwise I would have thought I had already eaten the best cheesesteak in the city which would not have been the case.Love the sandwiches at this no frill deli. I love the Chicken Caprese and the Chicken Verde sandwiches. Also, the breakfast sandwiches are tasty and filling. It's a South Philly favorite!I grew up on cosmi's deli. They have some great food. I enjoy their cheesesteaks and other sandwiches. My favorite is the grilled chicken caprise. I also love the names they have for all the sandwiches, how they name them after people in the neighborgood. The only drawback is the price. Ordering there can get really expensive so try not to max out on a weeks worth of cosmi's deli.Going there for years ~ all sandwhich's are great! ~ my pick for Philly's best
it'sa delli so not the greatest for eating thereThis place has amazing sandwiches! 
Some of the best I've ever had. I've never been disappointed. 
It's a south Philly corner hole in the wall and it's fantastic. Sesame seed roll. Perfect meat-veg-sauce ratios. 
Had one of their salads recently with seared tuna- very good, large size, lasted me two meals. 
FYI- The chicken for the chicken cheesteak is chopped, not chunkyJust driving around on a treasure hunt for some old south philly trinkets I saw this deli and the name struck me. Don't know if my mom told me about it before or maybe I heard about it on yelp... Either way I got an italian hoagie and it was awesome! Considering what you get from subway for $5, a $6 sandwich here is way worth the money. 
Anyway, bottom line, hoagie was awesome and will have to go back for a cheesesteak.Probably the best Deli in South Philly.
They take a lot of pride in making quality food and also are very friendly. Definitely come here over pats for a cheesesteak, better steak and larger size. 
Try their seeded bread too, it will change your life.Terrific steak sandwich. Owner was great. Beats the other "known" neon lit pretenders. This is genuine and the real deal. Most importantly the friendly attention to clients was absolutely different from the others in areaI would love this place for delivery for the food alone: cheese steak with whiz and long hots, an excellent bacon cheeseburger with the works, fries, and broccoli rabe. But the customer service is what really blows me away. Recently I called to see when my order would arrive, and the guy who answered (the owner? Not sure) was very apologetic that it had taken a bit longer than usual. The reason? After he took my order he realized they were out of rabe, so he sent someone to the grocery store to get some rather than call me back and disappoint me. "Don't worry," he said, "it's Andy Boy, the same brand we always use, and we cleaned it and made it for you." Most places would just not bring it and take it off your bill, but Cosmi's really went the extra mile. They will forever be my South Philly go-to place for great cheesesteaks and burgers.Quality hoagie shop. Excellent rolls and bread, crisp and fresh ingredients, and attentive and friendly service. Make the trip here its totally worth your while. Great for pickup and take out.RUNNER UPS
Philly cheese steak sandwiches are overrated.  I ate at Jim's which were very very bland and here at Cosmi's which was more flavorful but still not a wowzer.
I got the cheese whiz and mushrooms and onions.  They give you a choice of hard roll or soft which I chose the soft.   The steak was seasoned and with the cheese whiz it became a little bit TOO salty for my tastebuds.  
This is embarrassing but I'd rather eat a cheese steak sandwich from a chain like the Great Steak Co.  at least they get it right on having the right flavor down!Sarcone's bread.  High quality meats. Interesting sandwich combinations.  Sound like your typical South Philly hoagie shop?  You'd be wrong, because this place takes credit cards and is open 'til 9pm!  They deliver, too.
The hoagies and hot sandwiches (chicken cutlet, chicken parm, eggplant parm) are where it's at here.  
The cheesesteak and even pepper and egg are disappointing.  I've had some pretty awful experiences with the fried appetizers.  But get a hoagie here and you will be happy.So my uncle and I decided to take a 2+ hour detour on our way back to Johnstown (Pittsburgh area) from Ocean City MD to try our 7th Philly steak joint. After weighing our options we chose Cosmi's, which was a good choice! 
I got my usual, American without onions and I sprung for the seeded roll. It was pretty awesome all around. Great, flavorful steak, plenty of cheese, and as others have said the seeded roll is a MUST! The only complaint I would have is that they lay the cheese down on the bun and then the meat instead of melting some on top, so all the steak is not smothered in cheese, but it's a small complaint in the end. 
So my uncle and I agreed that Cosmi's is our fourth favorite out of the 10 joints we've tried, the only discrepancy is that he puts it barely above our #5, Joe's Steak + Soda Shop, whereas I say it's nipping on the heals of our #3, Gooey Looie's, I think it's because he didn't get the seeded roll, but either way we both loved it overall.
P.S. it was REALLY hard not ordering anything else off of the menu, the Italian hoagies looked/sounded amazing. But unfortunately we're from out of town and our focus is on Steaks for now.
My current rankings:
1. Dalessandro's 
2. John's Roast Pork
3. Gooey Looie's
4. Cosmi's Deli
5. Joe's Steak & Soda Shop
6. Ishkabibble's
7. Chubby's Steaks
8. Jim's Steaks South Street
9. Pat's King of Steaks
10. Geno's SteaksCheesesteaks: 5 Stars
Hoagies: 4 stars
Roast pork: 4 stars
Chicken cutlet sandwich: 4 stars
My favorite cheesesteak. Roast pork is good, but not as good as Tony Luke's.i love this place! hall in the wall and everything. the guys who work there may have an intimidating demeanor, but they're super nice. when i want a cheesesteak, this is where i go. pat's and geno's are for people from jersey.Located off the beaten path, this is where you should be getting a cheesesteak from, not Pat's or Geno's. Owner and staff are friendly. There's a couple tables inside, or you can eat by the curb outside. I'm docking off one star for the small amount of steak on my cheesesteak. Still would come back though.Well I would have a picture of my food to go with this review if I hadn't eaten it at the speed of light- because it was LITERALLY that good. Like you know how they say Philly Cheese Steaks are actually better if they're from Philly? Yeah, I discovered the day I went here that it's true. 100%. This place is tucked in on a corner, and upon first glance you might think it's a hole-in-the-wall that you briefly consider skipping. But don't! You would SO regret it. I had the most amazing, mouth-watering Philly cheesesteak AND veggie lovers cheese steak from here. It's worth a trip to Philly all by itself. I would give it 6 stars if I could. Quick service too.Visiting Philly for a few days and since nobody from Philly can ever agree on where the best Philly Cheese steaks are actually at, my buddy and I came here based on the Yelp reviews. We were not disappointed with the food. The Cheesesteaks were on point and they were not lacking in the cheese whiz or the steak portions. Would probably have eaten one of the sandwiches as two meals if I wasn't so hungry going into the place.  Cosmi's is small and a little out of the way from the historic stuff in Philly, but we found the diversion totally worth the trip off the beaten path. The guys who work here were very friendly and helpful in explaining the menu items to a couple of guys from San Diego. This place advertises that they've won awards and been featured in various media for their cheesesteaks... It's obvious why.I live literally around the corner from Cosmi's for two years and I am just finding this gem.  I come here at least 2 times a week and I love their cold sandwiches. I need to try their cheesesteaks because I hear nothing but amazing reviews for them. Please try this place.The cheesesteaks here are to die for, and the owner is extremely friendly.   It's also affordable at about $7 for a cheesesteak that's about a foot long and stuffed with meat and cheese.
My boyfriend and I got a mushroom cheesesteak and BBQ buffalo wings.  Both were the best in their fields I have ever tried, and even though I felt like exploding from being so full afterwards, I found myself craving Cosmis again the next day.  I wish I were living closer to Cosmis when I move to Philly just so I can visit more often, but I WILL find a way to get them to deliver my cheesesteak all the way to University City or find a way to make it over there even if I have to walk!Really enjoy the burgers and especially the fries. They give you such big portions. Get monies worth.Oh Cosmis, how I love you. 
You never disappoint, if it be with your food, with you service... 
Your cheesesteaks, your hoagies, your chili, your soups, your sandwiches, everything I've had there has been top notch. 
If you are into it, they use sarcone's bread, but they also offer the normal softer rolls.
And the staff is TOP NOTCH.My friend LOVED the Italian Hoagie as it seems everyone does. I ordered a small Caesar salad because I wasn't very hungry. I could not believe how huge the thing was. I had enough for today and lunch tomorrow. I really love how they do not pour the dressing on the salad. It makes it perfect for saving! The croutons are the best part. They were still even a little bit soft see you can tell they make them from their bread. Yum!I almost feel as if this doesn't need to be said but cosmis has given me so many good sandwiches that two minutes to write a review is the least i can do. I moved to philly a few years ago never having experienced the cheesesteak, luckily I was told early on theres no point in even trying the horse meat served from the neon glowing establishments on 9th street, still it took a while to discover this place but once I did, I never turned back, they still have the best cheesesteak in my opinion and every time i go home to new york i bring sandwiches for my entire family from cosmis, and they can't get enough of them. 
my order is a regular whiz with bacon or chicken cutlet with fresh mozz and pesto, my boyfriend says their south philly italian is the best sandwich around.
i will always get my cheesesteaks from cosmis even when i no longer live 2 blocks awayIf you order a HOAGIE in Philly, what does it come with? ALWAYS lettuce, tomato, onion. Mayo or oil and then you can get specific. I ordered a Tuna hoagie and it just came with cheese and roasted red peppers. It was good but, come on. A hoagie is called a hoagie for a reason. I didn't have to specify on the other hoagies I ordered, why did I have to specify on this one?I dare you to find a better cheesesteak.  If you haven't been here, you don't know what you're missing!  I always go in with the intention of trying something different, but the cheesesteaks here are so damn hard to resist.Great hoagies. Great Salads. Great roasted veggie trays. The owner is a really nice guy who cares about his deli. It's a gem. And they use the good bread.Ordered a Sicilian hoagie on a seeded roll with long hots for delivery, when Primos wouldn't deliver, and was not disappointed. Delivery arrived within 50 minutes and was delicious.My favorite place! Love the cheesesteaks on seeded roll with long hots and the Sicilian hoagie.
Also recently ventured out and got wings and they are also super good. This place has never let me down. Thanks cosmis!Hoped to find some good wings in Philly, not too much to ask right?
I ordered the house soup - Italian wedding which tasted like it came straight from a can. Also I ordered wings which barely had any flavor to them. Fries weren't cooked long enough. 
All in all, my food from Cosmi's was mediocre.Surprised I haven't reviewed this awesome South Philly Deli.
Anything and everything is consistently fresh and delicious! I usually stick to the Clubs and Hoagies- the sandwiches are big and filling! A staple spot to pick up some great food!Cheesesteaks... not a fan of them in general. I'd love to live in a city whose signature food is something a little more enticing than stringy meat and processed cheese. But! Cosmi's is just the answer for "I'm drunk and wish to devour greasy food immediately."
More importantly, they make awesome Italian subs. I always stick with the "South Philly" sub 'cause, well, I'm not native to the area and I'm hoping the angry Italian dudes won't notice this if I order the signature sandwich.
Actually, it's just really tasty. And huge. Seven bucks for about a foot of oily (and I mean dripping all over your lap) meat-and-veggie-stuffed perfection.My go to hoagie delivery place through grub hub. The turkey hoagie and Italian hoagie on seeded bread are my favorites. Their coleslaw is a solid side, a nice balance of crunchy and creamy.I've had plenty of cheese steaks, and I must say that Cosmi's always leaves my tummy doing the happy dance. They also make great chicken cheese steaks and their french fries are perfectly cooked (not greasy, soggy, over cooked/burnt like some other places). The customer service has always been consistently friendly when we've ordered take-out or delivery.This sandwich was hands down the best we had on our trip to Philadelphia! Chopped with onions and provolone! The beef was tender and flavorful! The best thing was it was not greasy!!! Oh, the seeded roll is the way to go!  Furthermore, the service was top-notch and welcoming! I love this place and the 4 chairs available for dining in!! I wish I lived near Cosmi's--I'd go there every day. My one regret is that I didn't buy a pretzel!I have yet to get something from Cosmi's that I don't like.  Cosmi's has a lot to offer on their menu with very reasonable prices. Tonight I had the turkey hoagie with sharp provolone, my boyfriend had the South Philly Italian, and we shared an order of Old Bay fries. Everything was DELICIOUS! We somehow managed to stop ourselves from over eating and saved half our hoagies for tomorrow. (I'd like to add that the hoagies actually taste good the next day.) Our food was delivered quickly and the delivery guy was super nice. We will continue to order from Cosmi's.Our two night accommodation was nearby so we gave it a try. It was so good we went there three times! The taste of the top quality produce really shone through. The meats were absolutely delicious.This is my neighborhood spot.  It's the sandwich shop that makes me feel bad for anyone who doesn't live in my neighborhood.  The food here is amazing.  I live a couple of blocks from pat's and geno's and i really just don't get it- but hey, it makes my wait shorter- so what do i care?  this place is a gem, and if it stays a neighborhood spot that only the neighborhood knows about- well, good for us.  BUT- if you get around this way, do yourself a favor and give them a call.Wow. Just made an order for pickup on grub hub. Ordered two completely opposite things, the Cosmi's Jacked up cheesesteak with provolone and the Porto Burger(vegetarian). I've got to say they nailed them both! Very moist, tons of flavor, cooked perfectly. I have this place and Del Rossi's in Northern liberty as the best in Philly so far. Great Job, I will be back.I can't even write this ad without getting hungry from thinking about chomping on a Cosmi's hoagie. Friendly service and fast delivery. I'm gonna go order something now...This place sets an example for all other businesses in the area. I have had a positive experience each and every time i have ordered from them. Sandwiches are delicious, delivery is fast and kind, and the people who take your orders are always clear, consise, and nice. This is my go to place when i am hungry and can't be let down.I try ordering sandwiches from there at least once a month. It is family owned and operated. Great food.One wonders how places like Subway stay in business when it's apparently possible to make a decent living making sandwiches like these for the same price or less.
I found the "salami and sharp" (i.e. sharp provolone) on a hoagie roll completely satisfying in all respects and all the add-ins (lettuce, tomato, banana peppers) etc. tasted very fresh.  It was $5.50 and I was filled from just eating half of it.
I don't know if I'd say this is "the best hoagie ever." I don't usually eat hoagies, and owing to the fact that I don't eat beef I never eat cheesesteaks and therefore can't comment on their apparent cheesesteak prowess.  But it's a great neighborhood place.Last time I visited Philly and knew nothing about it, a friend took me to the typical Pats and Ginos to try a cheesesteak. I remember being really freaked out by the mass amounts of  patriotic, and some racist, paraphernalia.
This time around, I decided to find a more moms and pops, low-key *real* cheesesteak joint.  I read about Cosmi and stopped in. The small neighborhood deli vibe was really intimidating to walk into because I felt like the new guy walking into a family party, but my apprehension didn't last long because of the super friendly service.
The guy at the register (i'm assuming he's the owner by our conversation) is really really nice. he struck up a conversation while we waited for our cheesesteaks and even mentioned how he was glad we decided to stop in at Cosmis instead of Pats and Ginos because he didn't think anyone should support a place that displayed such racist sentiments as "Speak English. This is America" as one of places (cant remember if its Pats or Ginos) has that at their order window.
The cheesesteaks are good. I haven't really had many cheesesteaks so I'm not an expert, but I enjoyed my sandwich if that counts for anything.
They have a long plastic table set up outside which was wonderful to sit and watch people while we ate because it was a beautiful day out. 
This place really is a friendly neighborhood deli. He greeted everyone by name as they walked by or came in. 
Cheesesteaks are between $6 and $8 depending what you add in them.This deli was legit. My husband had a sandwich and I had a salad. The food was delicious, high quality and their service and attention to details was great. Get it to-go because there's nowhere to sit but it's worth a trip for the best sandwiches we had in Philly.Best cheese steak I've ever eaten.
Fun neihboorhood to eat out side on the sidewalk 'dining area'.
Guys who work here are nice, and the place has some real charm.I went to Philly for the day and I was determined to finally have a Philly cheeseteak for the very first time. Ever. Sad, I know. Never had one in New York or anywhere else so I took this opportunity to try it out in the city where it's from. I was told NOT to go to places like Pat's or Geno's from native Philly friends that I have...they claimed those were tourist traps. Anyway, I'm glad I chose Cosmis. Their Philly cheesesteak was DELICIOUS!! There isn't any seating area...you just grab the food and go. Needless to say, I was very pleased with my choice. I would definitely go back to Cosmis again :)The most authentic take on an Italian hoagie that you can get. I got the South Philly Italian and it brought back memories of my childhood growing up here in PA. You really can't go wrong here. The time to wait at night, especially if it's a busy night (or a rainy night, where they have to fulfill a ton of GrubHub orders), you might have to wait up to 15 minutes for your sandwich to turn out, but trust me it's well worth it. Grab a bag of Herr's Chips and a birch beer and you're set.We live a couple of blocks away in South Philly and we love Cosmis!! Seriously, everything you order there is great and it's our go to place when we want something quick. Favorites include the chicken cutlets, loaded fries, chili cheese dogs, and jacked up steak and burger. Delivery and service are also on point. Keep up the great cooking guys!!the blonde girl recommended the "seeded" buns.... ho... ly..... ballls she was correctFor several years I've ordered from this deli at least once a week. It used to always be delicious and very consistent. However, the past FOUR times I've ordered from there they have royally screwed up my order. Twice i actually had to walk several blocks back to the store to get my correct order, the other two times I didn't have time. I'm not sure if they got a new system or employees, but they need to get their sh*t together or they're going to lose customers fast.Very tasty, ordered a cheesesteak with fried onions. I kept eating it even after I was full. Accidentally ordered boneless wings, meant to order regular hot wings, they were pretty tasty too, look forward to my next order here. Wasn't very hot or fast, only reason not 5 stars.To preface, I also went to Jim's, Geno's, and Pat's during my trip. 
This was suggested by a local and we decided to go because it wasn't far from Pat's and Geno's. It turned out to be the best of the trip. Don't be surprised because it's actually a deli and you'll have to go to the counter to order as if you were ordering any other sandwich. I got a cheesesteak with onions and whiz on a seeded hoagie.
The bread was a game changer. It had sesame and a crust to it. This made it very different from the other three places. The medium utilized in filling up a sandwich is one of the most important factors. While the steak was chopped up, it did not end up dry and flavorless like Jim's. Also, the sandwich was huge and big enough for two people. You get value with this sandwich too, which is nice considering the sandwiches are around $9 at the other places.
They even have tables in the deli. Enjoy your cheesesteak with a Mexican Coke too.Their hoagies are excellent. I keep going back for them. Although they are known for their Cheesesteak, I thought it was so-so.Hoagies, cheesesteak and breakfast sandwiches on point!!I love Cosmi's Deli! I order online through Yelp, which is super convenient. You HAVE to try their breakfast sandwiches. They're inexpensive and delicious. Everything is actually delicious, even their chicken caesar salads. Their food is reasonably priced, too. Cosmi's is always my first choice when I need a quick, convenient, and healthy meal. Definitely recommend!Wish I could review the Italian hoagies at this place. Today I decided to try them out with the caprese. Unfortunately what I got was a roll with tomatoes and mozzarella. I called to say they forgot the meat and I was told I had to ask specifically for the Italian caprese because " there are a lot of vegetarians out there." Don't know why I would go to a s. Philly Italian deli for a tomato sandwich but there ya go. $10 bucks for the worst lunch in years. Would have been nice for them to try to fix but instead they just blamed me for ordering wrong.Okay sandwiches. A very south Philly sandwich experience. If you go the cheesesteak is probable the right choice. Definitely a real slice of Philly life. Maybe a bit grungy for some. No parking in the area so be ready drive a bit if you are a visitor.Top notch cheesesteaks. Small local deli type restaurant with quality ingredients. I ordered the jacked up steak on seeded roll and I have nothing bad to say about it. The juices were just enough to keep the meat tender without over saturating the bun. Great bread to meat & cheese ratio. I also got the chicken noodle soup which was a little under salted initially but with the saltines it was excellent.Went for dinner and had the chicken wings a cheesesteak and coleslaw. The coleslaw is mushy but the flavors are great. The wings are on point. The cheesesteak is great and big. The next morning went for breakfast and omg the steak egg and cheese is off the hook!! The homefries are chopped up hash browns but I had them with the onions, they look kind of cheap and simple but the onions make them waaayyy better. Can't beat the prices. Parking is a b*tch, but so worth it.When I'm in the mood for a  hoagie, and I don't feel like going too far from home, this is the spot that's close by and delicious. 
Cosmi's has never done me wrong. I always get my hoagie on a seeded roll, only because it's from Sarcone's and I love that crunch that goes with every bite. My boyfriend and I usually get the "shooter special". It's filled with prosciutto, mozzarella, tomatoes, pepper shooters cut in half & basil, with a drizzle of olive oil, and balsamic vinegar.  Perfecto! Try any hoagie though, because it will definitely be a winner!
Everything on their menu is great and it won't hurt your pocket.I thought I already posted a review but guess not
Came here while waiting for palizzi social club to open, I ended up getting both the cheesesteak trio and also The Godfather hoagie. 
Both were solid.  The Godfather hoagie is one of the better ones I've recently had though Primos is still one of my faves.  Wawa is just blah cos inconsistent.  There are still many spots to try for hoagies
The cheesesteak I would say may be better than Sonny's and Campos and possibly in my top 8 though still need to try dalessandros, Woodrow's, Gooey Louies and few others.  
Just recently moved to south philly and nice that this is close walk although I'd happily do the 22 min walk to Johns Roast Pork which for me is the best Philly cheesesteak just above Donkeys PlaceItalian hoagie is off the fuckin chain son. Employees are cool and friendly. Grab a slice of cheesecake from the freezer or else your a loser.I try to gauge how delicious food is by how much I salivate later when I remember it.  The Philly Cheesesteak here is pretty yummy based on that scale.  The only things that are holding me back from giving a full 5 stars are the staff and the actual deli itself.  The staff could have been a bit friendlier.  We were the only customers in at that time and they kind of seemed bored and tired and unhappy.  And the layout of the deli was so mundane.  I would have liked to have a bit more of a seating area/restauranty feel from here instead of a few lawn chairs and patio table in the middle.  Based on how yummy the cheesesteak was, this place really does have potential to do well.Love cosmi's. Been going here for years. Always end up with either the south philly Italian (seeded), buffalo chicken cheesesteak  (non seeded) or the cheesesteak. I read some reviews with complaints about parking, delivery time, yada yada. Dont make it out to be more than it is. It's a great corner sandwich/hoagie shop. Call in your order, walk down, and pick it up.Really good sandwiches which are all named after Philadelphia sports talk radio personalities. 
The people are all very friendly, which is refreshing in this miserable town. We used to get delivery here on lazy, hangover Sundays, even though Cosmi's was on the corner of my buddy's block. I'd get off the phone after ordering and go, "that Cosmi, he's good people," or "Cosmi sure is a nice guy!" Even though I had no idea who I had been talking to.We used to order delivery from this place frequently. The food is great, they have a very large menu and they have never gotten our order wrong. We have had many of the menu items and have thoroughly enjoyed them all save for the mozzarella sticks-frozen and generic. 
The problem, as others have mentioned, is that the service and quality control has gone down precipitously in recent months. I know they get busy and we are ok with an hour delivery time but it has gotten a bit ridiculous. In all sincerity, they should probably forego delivery service before the seriously hurt their reputation.Best cheesesteak I've had so far in philly. There. I said it. I've been to Jim's, Pat's, Geno's, and John's. And this one tops them all. Way more wiz than on any other cheesesteak, and the steak is packed with much more care in the sandwich. It has a good flavor, and the roll is definitely worth the extra dollar they charge. The place itself is on a corner in south philly, and has a neighborhood feel to it. There's 2 tables inside if you want to eat, which my friend and I did, but it seems like this is mostly a carryout establishment. All in all, my favorite cheesesteak to date, and a great hole in the wall place to get it at.I had Neopolitan vegetarian hoagie. They have really good vegetarian options which is awesome cause it's hard to find just veggie stuff with all the meats and what not. Really good sandwich, the greens and veggies were so yummy. Could have used more mozzarella cheese and the bread was a little soggy but overall really good and good valueLove this little deli.  Based on our research, my boyfriend and I made our way to Cosmi's to enjoy some great sandwiches while visiting Philly, and we weren't disappointed.  The gentleman taking the orders was super nice and friendly.  We ordered the classic cheesesteak (with peppers and onions) on sesame seed bread, and we also got one of the roasted pork with sharp provolone & broccoli rabe.  Both sandwiches were delicious.  We thought the pork sandwich at DiNic's was slightly better, but this one was still very good.  (The broccoli rabe was a little more bitter and overwhelming on this one.)  The cheesesteak was beefy and cheesey and all that we'd hoped for.  Would love to return and explore more of their giant sandwich list.  (I thought the South Philly Italian and the Italian Tuna both sounded really good, and while we were sitting there eating, I heard two people come in and order those.)  Note that the place is very small with only two tables, so unless you're lucky with your timing and able to get one of the few seats (which we were), you should be mentally prepared to get your order to go.  Also noticed that they deliver, which is super convenient.  I'm jealous of South Philly for having this friendly and delicious neighborhood deli.If you want to see what a REAL south Philly Deli is all about...if you want a damn good italian hoagie and/or cheese steak..... go to Cosmi's. Trust me.It's the simple things in life. Like waking up drunk on a Saturday morning, firing up a little Black Ops, and not moving again until Cosmi knocks on your door to deliver a steaming hot sandwich on a seeded roll. 
I've gotten pretty good recently. Give me the Skorpion with a silencer and red dot sight, and motherfuckers are going to die. I also need the marathon perk so I can burn ass past all the campers who hide and try to pick you off from the shadows. Fuck you, campers. 
But what is this? If you listen close, you might hear sleigh bells, the gentle crunch of freshly fallen snow under skids, and perhaps the impatient hoof-falls of eager quadrupeds. 
Hark! Who is that rapping on my chamber door? Could it be. . .Yes. It must be Cosmi -- no one I know will have awakened before 1pm. And if there's one thing that will rouse me from the sofa now it is the promise of roast pork with sharp provolone and spinach on a seeded roll.  
His eyes-how they twinkled! his dimples how merry!
His cheeks were like roses, his nose like a cherry!
"Heavens, Cosmi! It's deadly cold out there! You must be chilled to the bone -- pray, come in, warm yourself by the fire for a spell."
"Bless your heart, but I must decline. I have other boys and girls to visit, with not much time! Lots of hangovers as bad as the pox; for you, must eat, and return to the xbox!" And with that, he returned to the blistering, blustering winter wind;
He sprang to his sleigh, to his team gave a whistle,
And away they all flew like the down of a thistle.
But I heard him exclaim, 'ere he drove out of sight,
"Happy gaming to all, and to all a good-night!"Sidewalk deli. 
Meat was good quality, bread was soft, toppings were perfect. 
Unbelievable sandwich.  Best cheesesteak ever made- 
Staff friendly, too.Love this place!  Classic 1960's South Philly Formica tabled sandwich shop. With the best friggin egg sani's, hoagies, and cheesesteaks!!3.5 stars: I was super excited to try the cheesesteaks (based on the reviews)...To my disappointment, the quality of the cheesesteak was not what I expected. There was like a lack of flavoring or something...I wasn't too impressed with the overall quality of the cheesesteak. But the portions are quite large and the service was good.Just had cheesesteaks. Absolutely the best. I have been ordering from Cosmi's for a while now. It is always really good. The roast pork with broccoli rabe is excellent.Got pick up for lunch and it made my day.
The godfather on a long roll is aptly named and could also be called the truth.
The antipasto salad was generous and all that I ask for in a deli salad and more. 
Note: I split both with my s/o and still had leftovers.Although this place is WAY over-rated I decided to give them 4 stars anyway because of the friendly staff. We order from here all the time because it's a few blocks from out house. 
The portions are huge and delicious. My only complain is that sometimes the food arrives cold and I've recieved soggy fries every time.This is the one of the best delis in Philadelphia. There is no question about it. It may also have the best cheesesteak in Philly. Forget the tourist spots with their cheese wiz and soft bread. This place has top notch, fresh steak. Tasty American cheese. And for an extra price, which you must get, seeded bread. Wow. And I recommend getting a deli pickle. The juicy snap of the pickle compliments the beef. Did I mention that the sandwich is packed with meat?!?
The staff is super friendly. One man who works there is a coach and knows his sports history. You could learn something.Like everyone else says , "it's great". All the sandwiches are good. Deep in South Philly. They hit all the right notes. Again get the Italian classic with prosciutto ! I have figured it out. Good bread and sliced to order meat. That's it!!Chicken Cutlet Lagasse with prosciutto, long hots, sharp provolone, & broccoli rade..Wow! Cheesesteak is so much better than the "others" in the neighborhood.This is one of the best hoagies in Philadelphia. Get the Sicilian. The guys there were real friendly and got my stuff done really quick. 
The wings are also top notch. I honestly wasn't expecting that, but very pleasantly surprised. 
South Philly classicWOW ~ I been ordering food from here for a year now.. I had a new Years Eve Party 08.  i got it catered by Cosmis.. Mike the owner Hooked it up.. reasonably priced.  i got meatballs and gravy and the Stromboli treys.. it was all gone and everyone was asking me where i got the food from they loved it  ..   Ever single item they have on there menu is sooooo awesome!!!! there very consistant and nice.. one of my fav places. oh yea cheesteaks are to die for !!This is a local corner deli with a small table inside if you want to eat in. They have some good sandwiches. Many believe they serve one of the best cheese steaks in the city but for me its just ok. It didnt wow me but it is a nice size sandwichVisited on 7/24/12.  So, I'm in Philly and I have to try a cheese steak.  On this trip I tried Jim's and Cosmi's.  Based on the comparison of these two establishments Cosmi's gets 3 stars.  I had a Mushroom Cheese Steak and broccoli bites.  I liked the bites and the cheese steak was way better than jim's but it was still kind of a ho hum sandwich that lacked any kind of seasoning.  What I would have given to have a bottle of Lawry's salt in my purse.  I'm not sure what the big whoop is about a philly cheese steak, but if all of them just grill up the meat without any seasoning then I can call it a wrap and not waste anymore money.  They need to go take a flavor lesson from the folks over a Dinic's !!!    I think the one exception would be - I still have to try John's Roast Pork, who's hours are not geared for the after work crowd.Was visiting a friend this summer and since I've never been to Philly before I didn't want to leave without trying a hoagie.  I wasn't up for a Philly Steak as I'm partial to Chicago's Italian beef.  Anyway, stopped in on my way out of town to have something for the drive.  It looked like a nice neighborhood kind of place.  Even though there was noone else in there I could tell the guy behind the counter wanted me to get a move on and figure out what I wanted and order already.
I decided to try the Sicilian hoagie as the combination of meats sounded really different.  Unfortunately they were out of the "good" bread as it was late in the afternoon on a Sunday.  Anyway, no prob.  Didn't realize mayo isn't usually on the sandwiches, but had to have it added to mine along with everything else.  The sopressata or the hot coppa was a bit too spicy for me.  I'd never had mortadelia and it sounded interesting, but couldn't really taste the pistachios.  It was really kind of bland and had the consistency of bologna, which I'm not too fond of.  The roasted peppers were probably the best thing on it.  Also got a pickle to go, which the guy sliced up nicely.  He could tell I wasn't from the "neighborhood" but overall was nice anyway.  
I guess I was kind of let down and surprised it wasn't jam packed over flowing with meats, cheese and toppings.  The ingredients were quality, but were somewhat sparse.  So, after all these years of hearing about sandwiches, I mean hoagies, in Philly I have to say it was just so-so for me.    I've had better, but it was still pretty good and certainly reasonably priced.I have yet to have a bad experience with Cosmi's. Everything is fresh and delicious and the portions are nice and fat. I haven't had their cheesesteak as of yet, (as a Philly native, one who has had an absurd amount of them as a child, and one who lives down the street from the tourist trap of Pat's and Geno's, I very rarely get the craving for one) but the hoagies, burgers, pork and cutlet sandwiches are all bomb as fuck. I love that I have the option to all sharp provolone and broccoli rabe everything, as well. 
One of the best parts about Cosmi's is the customer service. Wether I grubhub for delivery or call in and send my bf for pickup, they're super sweet and they've got it together. It's so refreshing. I will come back forevz!Definitely sought out this place after walking down the street past the Touristy Cheesesteak places off 9th..
Much better, and the owner was so cool to talk to-he Knew all the locals that came in too, which made it more fun to eat my sandwich in the deli..  Great steak sandwich. Nice and juicy too... Will definitely be back when I come back to Philly!Forget the overblown steak mills of Pats and Geno's, Cosmi's unassuming corner deli is quietly delivering the best cheesesteak experience in Philadelphia bar none.
Pros
-Cheesesteaks - made one by one as your order them with high quality ingredients makes a far better steak than the leading brands' approach of a massive griddle ready to pump out 100 steaks at a moments notice. Cosmi's takes the personal approach and the proof is in the pudding. Nom nom.
-Bread - their standard roll is soft and delicious, but don't hesitate to try their sesame-seeded roll for a firmer, nuttier twist on the steak. Simply awesome.
-Staff - these guys are chill and friendly and love to talk about the Phillies or whatever other breeze you feel like shooting while you're steak is cooking. The leading brands push 'hostility' as part of the authentic experience, but I prefer the peacenik approach at Cosmi's. 
Cons
-Not a dang one.The people were friendly and the jacked up cheesesteak was delicious. I definitely recommend this place.Don't ask questions about this joint.  It's the bee's knees.  The cat's pajamas.  
You smellin' what I'm steppin' in?
Cosmi's deli is the place to be.  And if you can't be there, they'll come to you.  Best hoagies around, bar none.  And if you want a cheesesteak to top Jim's, Pat's or Geno's, get it here.  
Italian quality has manifested itself in everything they touch.  Meat lovers unite.  This is our Mecca.hands down the best steak in Philly. first time I was here I hit 5-7 places and since then I've tried them all. get it jacked up and it's absolutely pure joy. amazing all the way around . it's a ritual for me to hit grumpys tavern and cosmis right after . THE ABSOLUTE BEST! I love it !!I had the Cheesesteak Trio with provolone and my gf had a turkey hoagie and both were fantastic!  The bread from the cheeksteak was soggy which I liked. Only had to watch like 5 mins.This place puts the cheesesteak in the Philly cheesesteak. Even though it's hard to find parking around and seating at small Cosmi's Deli, it's definitely worth the trek if you're in town. The classic cheesesteak has such juicy, tender steak that never feels too heavy on the stomach and cheese that perfectly complements the steak. A must if visiting Philly!Cheese hoagies for $4.95 made by a set of characters behind the counter make this one of the best places to grab a hoagie below Washington Ave.
Vegetarian options are kind of limited, but they're working on it.
I hear their meat selection is pretty extensive, 
you can even get a hot dog.I have been waiting for 100 minutes and still no food.  They are consistently late and I finally canceled the order today at the 105 minute mark. Cosmi's is less than 1.5 miles and could not handle my order today. This was the last time I order from this place.This place is my favorite game day phone order. The food is great and the delivery guy "champagne Louie " is fantastic. They will even bring you a pack of smokes. A++++++++++++++++++++++This little hole in the wall spot is amazing!! If you're in the area it's a must. Everything we have tried was delicious, but The Godfather was by far the best and sure to impress.Tried this for the first time last night after seeing all the mentions of it via the South Silly group on Facebook. We ordered at 830, 30 minutes before they closed and ordered the homemade roast pork with mild provolone and my boyfriend got the cheesesteak with American. It took over an hour (they warned us an hour) and both our sandwiches were dry. We also got the old bay fries with wiz and they were awesome but I had to dip my sandwich into the wiz to make it less dry. I expected more from this place but maybe since we ordered so late it wasn't their best. Willing to try again but get something different.Forget the tourist traps. This is the place to go for cheesesteaks. Their other sandwiches are great too. Getting the seeded roll takes it from being a decent sandwich to one of the best you've ever had. The guys who deliver are so nice and friendly. Delivery does take a while though. I recommend picking up if you live nearby.One of the best cheese steaks around. I usually go with the 'Jacked Up' steak, which includes loads of extra fillings, but the standard cheese steaks are just as good.  I sometimes get the hot chicken wings & broccoli bites too, both of which are great appetizers.  Not tried any of their hoagies or other sandwiches yet, maybe next time.
Even though I live about 0.5 miles away, I've not actually visited Cosmi's yet.  I always get delivery...kind of lazy I know. They even delivered after the terrible snow storms we had last winter, when most South Philly roads (especially mine) were a semi-melted lumpy mess.  I don't think the delivery guy managed to get down my street, but parked nearby and walked to our house.Just had the BEST corned beef special hoagie!  
Called in the order, and it took about 50 minutes for it to get here, but it was worth it.  The roll was soft, the corned beef delicious.  Lettuce, tomato, onions, peppers, all tasted as fresh as if I'd gotten the sandwich when they first opened the door today.
The gentleman who answered the phone and took my order couldn't have been nicer.
I'll definitely order from Cosmi's Deli again and again!Drove all the way to Philadelphia for a day trip and this was my first stop. Best Cheese Steaks I've ever had! And they're huge!! It's kind of hidden and not in the best looking area but don't let that deter you because the food is just fabulous!It's been ages since I had a REAL Philly cheesesteak.  I saw the reviews for Cosmi's and it was the closest place.  I also wanted to introduce my son to the cheesesteak experience. 
The cheesesteaks were juicy and tender.  The cheese was just right.  The fries we had were a good side. 
Will definitely return when in the area!I mean...it's a hole in the wall. You can't expect too much in the way of service or atmosphere.  The cheesesteak was ok...a little dry. I had to find some mayo. It could have used more cheese. I liked their drink and chip selection. It should be noted to non-locals that this is a take-out place. Don't plan to stay and eat. There is a grand total of four chairs.Close to my mechanic's garage.  A nice place to wait for my car and enjoy a bite.Cosmi's is the default place to get food for me and my roommate, and we're never bored of the same few hoagies. 
This is a really authentic little Italian deli, around since 1932, where the owner knows everyone, and has sandwiches named 'Bobby Gags' and 'Baby Dave's'.. and my favorite.. 'Vinny Riz'! Though I just call it the Chicken Lagasse sandwich. (Still not sure if that is named after Emeril.)  Oh, and the "vegetarian and non-meat (!)" menu that has tuna fish on it. 
That's why I love South Philly!We had a improptu order of 14 sandwiches and the staff was friendly and quick. The food was great. I would definitely come here again.Whenever I visit Philly I always want authentic.  And Cosmi's delivers the most authentic South Philly experience you can have.  Forget Geno's and Pat's and find this neighborhood gem a few blocks to the south.  The staff are super friendly and make you feel like part of the family.  The menu and food is great.  From their huge cheesesteaks on seeded rolls, to their fresh Italian hoagies - this place cant be beat.  They've been around since 1932, and there's a reason why this is where the locals come.  Try it - you won't be disappointed.Based on a highly ranked review from "Frommers", we came to this corner shop.  
The cheesesteak is very impressive.  The bread has a very nice texture, not too chewy and held the meat very well.  The meat was tender and flavorful.  It is definitely a hidden gem in Philly.The cheesesteaks are awesome. I didn't like the "vegetarian cheesesteak" though. I usually get the caprese sandwich, but it could use some more flavor (usually ends up being a ton of bread and tomato and not much else). I definitely recommend the seeded rolls for a dollar more. The fries are crinkle fries but are still pretty good and a huge portion! Overall, they have fresh sandwiches and huge portions!One of the best hoagies I've ever had, and I've had A LOT of hoagies. My favorite is the South Philly Italian.  The employees are fast and friendly. The prices are reasonable.Can't speak about the place itself but had an Italian hoagie served to me from this place and the bread was bangin' - was told it was from Sarcone's bakery.  Seeded bliss.  Sometimes this kind of Italian bread can rip your mouth apart, but this was fresh and delicious.  A five-star experience and I would travel to South Philly to have the experience again.Very disappointing. I ordered the cheesesteak with on a plain roll. The meat and cheese had something foreign in it like grit. I could only eat 1 bite.Wasn't that impressed!
Well I heard a lot about this place and we saw their selection for fries and figured we would give it a try. Well we got the mega fries and thought the fries would have real bacon, but they had on it bacon bits. The fries were cooked, but not crispy and the wings were tasty, but no ranch on the side or celery sticks like you usually get at other places. The place maybe better for other things to order but for the wings and fries we will go elsewhere.I loved my experience here. I had the classic cheesesteak and honestly was a little nervous about it... But LOVED it. I traveled across the country for this... And I'm coming back before I leave Philly!Each visit to Philly for us is an opportunity to find the best cheesesteak. We have sampled Pat's, Geno's, Sonny's & Tony Luke's.  After comparing reviews on yelp, today we decided to try Cosmi's Deli.  The seeded crusty roll was piled high with delicious chopped steak smothered with fried onions with american cheese melted on the bottom. Excellent!  When we stepped inside Cosmi's the fellow behind the counter joked "you guys from out of town?"  We might be from out of town but we know a great cheesesteak when we taste one!This is my go-to hoagie spot. None of this closed at 4pm and not open on mondays BS. Cosmi's is open for dinner time seven days a week and they make a damn fine sandwich. I'm partial to The Sicilian myself.We were just stopping in Philly for the one night passing to DC from New York and wanted to try a cheesesteak for dinner. We were staying near Pats and Genos but wanted to make sure we got an authentic experience, not just a touristy one so yelped and it came up with Cosmis! My boyfriend was in complete heaven: we got a cheesesteak each on seeded bread with pepper jack cheese and shared an order of Old Bay fries (they had thick cut fries THANK YOU). So amazingly good!! We were there not long before closing so it was quiet and we could get a table indoors. Food came out very quickly and the people working there were all very friendly. Amazing how something so simple could taste so good!!!Cosmi's you are the REAL DEAL. The best deli I have came across in Philadelphia (or ever).
I am not a sandwich kind of person, but my boyfriend is. 
I ordered the bbq chicken hoagie. My boyfriend ordered a grilled chicken w/ red peppers and spinach wrap. 
My bbq chicken sandwich was very health conscious that includes: shredded lettuce, onions, olive oil, tomatoes, yellow peppers and thinly sliced chicken. Also, their bread is very soft and chewy. The bread really got me ! 
I devoured the entire hoagie. haha
Cosmi's converted me to a sandwich loving gal.
Please check out this neighborhood deli!I ordered the buffalo chicken cheesesteak and it was HUGE. Packed with meat and tons of Buffalo sauce. Bleu cheese was on the side. While I like mine more cheesy, it was decent. So big I had to save the other half for the next day..which I heated up in the oven and was still decent. Fast delivery too. Try it for yourself and see.Best hoagies in the city. The South Philly on a seeded is sandwich perfection. Cheesesteaks are on-point.I came here for a cheesesteak, got one with onions and american. It was very well balanced with the bread (the guy said they deliver the bread every hour as I saw him come in with a delivery and man did it smell good!) and the taste/firmness of the meat. The wait was kind of long since alot of the employees were in the back working on a catering order and other customers buying deli items in the store since its a deli not a restaurant! It was well worth the wait I also bought a container of sliced pepperoni since it was sitting on a table while I was waiting and enjoyed that as well for my trip home!Expected a lot more from this place. Stopped in for an Italian hoagie and it was about the average hoagie you can get anywhere. Roll wasn't that great, kinda chewy and not much meat.  
I still think Marinuccis in Mayfair is the best anywhere.This place has the best hoagie in Philly, The Godfather. It's an Italian hoagie, loaded with Italian meats, fresh mozzarella, roasted peppers and sun dried tomatoes to name a few. Such good flavors and extremely fresh. This sandwich is a MUST. I will say for South Philly it is definitely on the pricey side. I also think it's a bid absurd that they charge an extra 2 dollars for a seeded roll, but that doesn't take away from how good the sandwich is.Been going here for a few years now and have never been disappointed. Have only gotten the hoagies - have yet to try the steaks, chicken cutlet or roast pork. Next time. 
Great place to pick up, on your way to a Phils or Eagles game or a concert. Make sure you order the Sarcone's seeded roll - it's worth it. Service is always very efficient w/ good ole S. Philly flair. 
The other nice thing is it's as good as Sarcone's Deli hoagies, but never as crazy busy.Love me some Cosmi's.  I am determined to try everything on their menu at least once.  So far everything's been good.  My favorite thing so far was the mushroom cheesesteak.  Yummmm!Heaven-on-a-Hoagie!!! Went here with my husband. He ordered the Cheesesteak with American cheese and I had the Veggie Lovers Cheesesteak with American cheese. We wolfed them down in our car, went back in, ordered two more and had them when we got back home to Brooklyn that night.The service was super friendly and the guys behind the counter were super patient with out-of-towners like ourselves. We will be back!!!Food: decent but nothing special. Maybe my expectations were too high but it was average at best. We got a chicken cheesesteak, chicken cutlet parm on a seeded roll and an order of fries. 
Chicken cheesesteak was dry and light on meat. Chicken cutlet parm was good and fries were also good - perfectly crispy. 
Service: fine
Parking in the area: A pain in the butt. In my opinion, it's not worth the trip if you don't live in the area.On a mission to try every decent hoagie joint in Philly.. had to check this place out.  This is your typical deli / sandwich shop, except their sandwiches really stand-out. I had their large turkey on seeded roll with sharp provolone, oil and hot peppers: it was perfect.
The bread is Sarcone's, and the sharp provo is found only at your better sandwich joints, a bonus! Prices are good, and they are quick (I was there 10min after my call). Plus the girl up front was nothing but friendly, courteous and being nice on the eyes didn't hurt! 
They have an online presence, check out their menu. Heard their cheesesteaks, Chix cutlets and Italian hoagies are even better!  Great for takeout, and I think they deliver (not sure). I'll be back, hit it up!Brought my dad here to pick up sandwiches on the way to a Phil's game and a year later he's still talking about it as the best hoagie he's ever had.  
If you know your hoagies and cheesesteaks, you know that the thing that makes them special is the bread and Cosmi's uses the perfect crusty seeded rolls.  The sharp provolone helps, too.  The service can be a little slow, even if you call ahead, but the wait is worth it.Just ordered today. They got here super fast and the food was BOMB. Get the mozzarella sticks! They're perfection.So a while back I heard about this place just down the street from Pat's and Geno's that makes a cheesesteak that blows theirs out of the water. I heard it so long ago that 5 years later it was but a mere legend to me.  See I had moved away from Philly and each time I went back to visit, I never got a chance to go check it out.  Darn place closes so early, well early to me at least.  Most of my cheesesteaks are eaten between the hours of 12 midnight and 4 in the morning.  Nevertheless, it wasn't until that one special day in May of 2013 that legend turned into delicious reality.
The order was one cheesesteak with whiz and onions, another with provolone and onions.  My girlfriend fed it to me while I drove to the airport.  We nearly crashed a couple times on I-95.  But it would have been worth it to die with Cosmi's in my mouth.Cosmi's is a pretty solid place.  I've never tried the cheesesteak and I've never been wowed by the sandwiches.  They're good, but not spectacular.
The real thing that Cosmi's has going for it is the wings.  I can't say I even like wings all that much, as I never used to go out of my way to get them or even think to myself "I could go for some wings".  But after trying them at someone's Eagles playoff party a few years back that all changed.  Now, ever so occasionally, it pops into my head that I could go for some of those wings from Cosmi's.Good cheesesteak - enjoyed the corner store ambience. Nice sociable owner, no wait and wide selection of sodas and drinks. Overall positive experience and good price!I'm so sorry, Cosmi's! I thought your cheesesteak was tasty, but it was A-Ok! Maybe I'm trying too hard, maybe I had such high hopes for you. It was GOOD, yes. But OUTSTANDING, above anything I've had to date.... no. Please don't hurt me. I have nothing negative to note... it's just not the best cheesesteak I've ever had.
I will note... eating in isn't really an option. Two card tables with 4 chairs between them. Thankfully they were there, because coming from Baltimore, it was nice to eat the sub right after it was made. We split the sub which was quite large, and shared the pizza fries, which we tossed most of. They were frozen, nothing fancy. I don't think it was worth finding the parking. (I almost feel bad saying that, too, because it was rated so highly). But that's my story and I'm sticking to it...First time in Philadelphia looking for a good Cheesesteak and figured I'd skip the mandatory Pat and Geno's tourist trap since it didn't get particularly good ratings on Yelp.  Chose Cosmi's due to the high rating, just a small no frills deli which is what i expected.  The cheesesteak was good, but didn't blow my mind.  The Italian cold cut however was exceptional.  There was one small table in doors and another out on the street, again it is not a restaurant just a deli.Sketchy looking place in a weird neighborhood, but their cheesesteaks are no joke.  To hell with Pat's and Geno's, this place has amazing cheesesteaks.  You can get crazy with them and have them full of all sorts of stuff or go traditional.  Either way, you're going to get a good sandwich.  The Best-of-Philly awards were well-deserved.If you want real Philly Cheesteaks, this is the place to come to! Its priced well cooked. The steak is not dry like you often see at Pats or Genos. My favorite is the verde, highly recommended if you are looking to try something new!Cosmis is a rare find in philly. An uderrated and relatively unknown cheesesteak shop. Every time someone from out of town hits me with the "where can i get a real philly cheesesteak?" question I try to convince them to go to Cosmis. They usually look at me with suspicion probably because I didn't say Pats or Genos or any of the other famous places. I suspect most of them end up at 9th and Passyunk anyway.Let me start by saying 2 hours and 40 minutes for our food to arrive. Yes, you read it correctly, 2 hours and 40 minutes. Unreal! I was just logging back on my computer to get the phone number to call and tell them forget it and there's a knock at the door. Oh finally, the food. You would think after waiting this long for your food it would be the best food food you ever ate because you are now starving to death, however it was terrible. The food was ice cold, the rolls were soaking wet soggy I guess from the steam because they were wrapped so tight, the fries were mush with what they think is cheese whiz but is that orange tasteless disgusting cheap cheese most vendor carts buy at jetro. You really shouldn't say its cheese whiz when it is not. False advertising. The guy who delivers the food says he had a really big order he had to carry up multiple flights of steps just to have to carry it all back down again because the food was not cooked, which is why it took so long. So you just forget about everyone else? They should have said they were not taking anymore orders. Needless to say the food went in the trash because it probably sat in the car for who knows how long which is why it was ice cold, soggy wet rolls from the steam and by that point may have caused some kind of food poisoning/bacterial stomach upset, whop knows. I could kick myself right in the butt for not getting in my car and driving the food back to them. What a waste of money and my time waiting. The owner should be ashamed of taking people's money for food that couldn't even be eaten at that point. yes, they were aware because after waiting 2 hours, I called to see if the food went out. They told me yes, no apology, nothing. It's a shame because this place was great years ago but has definitely went down hill. If I could reduce that 1 star to 1/2, that would be even too generous.  Leaving families waiting that long to eat and then bringing them food that is not even edible after waiting 2 hours and 40 minutes!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Stopped in here to get a Cheesesteak that wasn't from Pat's or Gino's while we were driving through Philly.  Great choice!This place is pretty much my go to hoagie shop. They are just a few blocks away from Pat's Steaks and Geno's but they are galaxies away quality-wise. I think everyone who lives near Pat's/Geno's should be going to Cosmi's. THESE GUYS ARE GRILL MASTERS. They make your sandwich special, just for you, not in an awful assembly-line of mass-produced and half-assed sandwiches. The have some of my favorite french fries in all of Philadelphia. The chicken wings, unfortunately, are only so-so. They have a great cold drink selection, chips, desserts (Tastycakes,cookies), and a dessert cooler with Ice pops and ice cream sandwiches, etc. 
Plus, BONUS, the have these terrific sesame seed rolls that take your hoagie up that one special notch. I get the turkey and they pack that mother with plenty or filler, enough to make it a two-meal sandwich. It is a great corner sandwich shop.
SECOND BONUS: sometimes there are cute girls working there. Otherwise, there are affable South Philly dudes who like to joke around.I was hearing good things about this place through the grapevine and how it has had the best cheesesteak in Philly in 2004 and 2007 or something. 
So we walked there the other day and I ordered a cheesesteak.  And fries.  And then my fiancee was like "you don't need fries -- you need to lose weight".  But by that time the dude had them in the fryer, so I didn't want to cancel my order.  
So I got the fries and the sandwich, brought them home and decided to work out for a while, to prove my commitment to managing my weight.  The fries and sandwich sat there on the table for nearly an hour, and after hitting the shower I decided to eat.  The fries of course were a little past their prime, but the cheesesteak was still BOMB.  The bread was perfect for the sandwich in every way.   The meat was lean and flavorful, the cheese mild and nicely matched with everything. 
I can't wait to eat one of them fresh and bump it up to five stars.  I can just see it.  I'm also looking forward to adding this place to the list of local spots for cheap eats.   I could use a good hoagie once and a while on a sunny Saturday or whatever. 
Gotta get the "seeded bread" when you order your cheesesteak.Can't eat inside, but take out is amazing!
Very friendly and patient.
Food was amazing! Very fresh and authentic - this is the place to go for a true philly cheesesteak! 
Highly recommend!All of the ingredients in their hoagies are so good. The bread is amazing, their meats and cheeses are delicious (and they don't skimp). I always order a pickle, no matter what I get because they're just so darn good.Sweet Delight! This is the finest of Deli's on this plane of existence.  This was an entirely different experience than I've had at other Meats Delis.  It was the cure-all for my champagne hangover and i sobbed soft happy tears with my life partner Funyun the Cat.  If you live within a 50 mile radius of this place you should strap your cat into its body harness and go.
You see, at some Deli's you order a Submarine Sandwich and skip home.  Upon laying it on your eating table it weeps softly with ooze; wet bread and soggy sardines.  It's a Bitter Log and my remorse is hard to hide from Funyun (that's my cat!).  Funyun is VERY empathetic and gets upset, just knowing I'm upset.  Funyun begins drooling and shaking, hobbling around like a drunk mule, ultimately reaching a comatose state.  You eat that Bitter Log and curse your father for impregnating your mother and putting you on this earth to experience shame and remorse as deep as this.
If you don't want to have that experience, go to Comsi's!