I deducted one star because the service was not great. Our waiter wasn't friendly at all. The first question was "soup or salad ". I wanted to order appetizer and lunch special, but he assumed we were having lunch. Seaweed salad was really good. Shiomay was small but good. The sashimi was fresh. Banzai roll was great and unique. Raw salmon and white fish with avocado and fish egg wrapped in cucumber with some sweet sauce. Perfect for those who is looking for no-rice roll. Salad dressing was more like carrot purée.Zero stars for the Chicken Teriyaki Lunch Bento Box.  I have literally never seen a bento box come without rice before.  
Disappoint.The restaurant looks nice. We order two sushi rolls and one tuna tartare.  tuna tartare was ok but the other rolls were really...bad .the taste are just not right! They gave a discount coupon for us but not sure we want to go back againSurprised this place is rated so high. I love sushi. With a name like crazy sushi I was really hesitant. It's kinda like any place who has a weird name like that is a red flag but the reviews were so good I figured what the heck. The sashimi I had was a large portion, but the tuna was clearly dyed as it was so red it was nearly purple. I didn't touch the salmon. The bonsai tree roll that is wrapped in cucumber was soggy. The spicy tuna roll was stuffed with filling hardly any rice. The yellowtail roll was pure flakes and no fish. The miso was good though. Fresh and a good amount of miso. I asked for extra ginger, was on the receipt, and received none. So if you want miso check out if you know anything about sushi pass. Delivery was an hour, I was told 20 minutes. The guy on phone had me screaming my order it seemed really busy and he was super rushed. Pass on them.The worst sushi I have ever had. Huge pieces and weird rolls. Tried Bloomingdales role and the other roll that they recommend. Can't be any worse. There's potatoes or something with the roll. Weirdest event had. Strongly not recommend. Don't know how they got such a high review.This place has some of the best sushi I've had in the city, hands down. I've been on the hunt for the best sushi in philly and this one may be it. 
The service is great. Super friendly staff, great lunch specials as well. My schedule is off a lot of days so my  lunches can start late but this restaurant stays open all day which I like. Many other spots close after lunch and don't open again until 5 or 530 for dinner. 
Overall, great food, great staff, nice environment!RecommendedBrought my friend here for her birthday because it is very hard to find a place that serves sushi on a boat! This place didn't have it but I know they decorated their plates nicely so that's not bad either!
Our waitress was very nice and wished her a happy birthday once she saw the Happy Birthday balloon. She even came out with fried cheese cake with a candle and started singing happy birthday at the end!
The birthday girl had the Bloomingdale Roll $13 which was spicy tuna, spicy salmon, spicy kani, spicy yellowtail and spicy shrimp avocado with longan on top. It was good but I'm not really a fan of the pink seaweed thing. I asked the waitress if they could write "Happy Birthday" on her plate and they did. They even added a little tree and made it look like a little island!
My other friend ordered the Cancer Roll $15 which was spicy tuna, seaweed, salad, eel, masago, soft shell crab. They drew a bird on her plate! It was so cute!
I had the M16 Roll (sounds like a gun) $13 - eel tempura with spicy tuna rolled in black and red tobiko (fish eggs). It was yummy! And they decorated my plate too! I had a little tree as well.
The service here was great, the sushi was pretty good, the environment was nice and I will be back!Good food, though I felt like the portions were smaller than I was expecting for the price. I'm surprised that other Yelper's rated this two dollar signs. I also wish they'd had gluten free soy sauce. Other than that, there is really nothing to complain about and I still was able to enjoy my meal.We were visiting from LA and found Crazy Sushi on Yelp. Probably the best presentation of Sushi I have seen. We ordered sashimi, a peacock roll and unagi...delicious!This in my go to sushi place in center city. The food is always fresh and tastes good. My go to is the Kano crunch house special roll. It comes covered in spicy mayo and crunchy caviar on top. I recently discovered the ak-47 roll which comes with shrimp tempura, cream cheese, avocado, and a special soy paper on the outside. It's very good as well. For appetizer I love the rock shrimp which is covered in a sauce similar to spicy mayo and drizzled in soy sauce, it is crunchy and amazing. The California roll I would say is pretty standard compared to other places. They also offer a lunch special on weekdays!The atmosphere is very calm and clean. The waitstaff is attentive and the sushi is quite good.
The "chef's specials" rolls are creative and delivered with artistic flair. 
There was a little chaos as the orders were delivered since basically everything arrived at once (even the things called appetizers) and there were no extra plates offered so you had to kind of just eat over your little soy sauce tray. 
The only rub is that we wanted to order bento boxes for our kids and substitute the Shrimp Tempura for the Shrimp Teryaki and the waiter returned to say that this was not possible. Ok, fine. So we ordered Shrimp Tempura entrees instead. It was kind of a silly thing since the kids like the bento boxes but obviously isn't going to be a factor for most people. 
It's BYOB so bring your own beer or wine and they'll gladly bring you glasses to drink it.I went here with a friend who had a Groupon.  The sushi was horrible, full of filler breadcrums and very skimpy on fish.  They took a lot of time and care to decorate the plate with fresh orchids and I wish that they would have invested this extra money into giving us more fish in our rolls.Found it on Yelp (because you do NOT eat sushi in a new city without reading anything), and have to agree: this is solidly four stars.  The sushi is slightly overpriced (compared to the West Coast anyway) but fresher than I expected, and the presentation is really superb.Went to this place with a coworker 2 days ago...very impressed by the sushi there because they are very freshly made with good variety. They have good price for lunch special - $13 for 3 rolls and $9 for 2 rolls...however, the portion is a bit small for those non-special sushies. I will go back again for sure...Plain, bland, not good sushi restaurant.  3-4 younger Chinese boys were the sushi chefs.  None of the staff was friendly or concerned about my experience.  
I had a dragon roll which was mushy, a spider roll which wasn't soft shell crab, and a spicy tuna roll that had a bunch of sesame seeds rolled into the rice.  
Normally at a sushi restaurant I would order nigiri only but the fish in the hoshizaki refrigerator at the sushi bar looked unappetizing and not properly stored.
Will not come here again. Stay away.This place was alright! The service was friendly and timely and there were no problems with the food. I came in between the lunch and dinner service so it was pretty quiet, but still comfortable. I had no problems, but nothing made this place that special.I love this place, service is fast and I find myself there every-time I'm in center city. During lunch time they have a great lunch special, they aren't the biggest rolls I have seen but they sure are delicious. From the outside it's blends in with the rest of the buildings but it so nice on the inside. My interaction with the staff has always been pleasant and I do love the little candy in the front next to the register. My order always consist of the sandwich roll and the cooked spicy scallop roll ( I have tried other but those two are my favorite). The lunch special come with either 2 rolls of 3 rolls with your choice of salad or soup. If you are looking for a nice place to eat for cheap this would be itThis is not an authentic sushi place.  If you are going to order spicy tuna and salmon then this the places for you, else wait for dinner and head over to Double KnotTwo stars for quick service, interior decor and glittery walls. The food was really bad. The sweet potato roll was good before I bit into a piece that almost broke my tooth. There's an extreme amount of sauce on every special roll. One roll (can't remember the name of it) was slathered in something that tasted like McDonald's Sweet N Sour sauce - totally killed the roll! Another special roll was covered in an overly sweet white sauce - totally killed the roll, again.We had dinner here about 10 days ago when I visited my sister in philly.  I was very impressed with the food, presentation, decor and service.  We had A LOT of food; tempura udon, dragon roll, tempura shrimp roll, salmon sashimi, this sashimi trio, popcorn shrimp, etc.  Everything was so fresh and tasty.  My favorite was the popcorn shrimp.  Soooooo delicious!!  If only there's a restaurant like this in New York.  Great value for the money!My sushi place hunt hasn't finished yet. We tried bonsai roll, one night stand roll, volcano roll and sashimi platter. They did put a lot of effort decorating the dishes. We were very hungry so rather getting dishes as soon as we can lol 
Even though I appreciated their beautiful decoration, sushi wasn't that impressive. I did enjoy one night stand roll but bonsai roll had too much cucumber. I like thin slice of cucumber just round once or twice otherwise I can't really taste any sashimi because cucumber has pretty strong scent itself. I felt like I had big chunk of cucumber after all..the quality of sashimi was ok but nothing extra ordinary. And the bill ended up not that cheap. I think I could find this quality food with less price.Really disappointed by the quality of food and the overall experience here. The shrimp appetizer ($6) set the bar low for the evening...four scrawny shrimp were overcooked to the point of being tough and stringy, and coated with a sweet sauce in a vain attempt to dress it up. The futomaki roll was flavorless and the pickled radish was hard. Almost made me glad there were only 5 pieces in that roll! The beef teriyaki bento box ($18) sounded like a good deal, but the food arrived lukewarm to cold and lacked in flavor. 
In addition, the atmosphere inside is really off-putting. The dining space is furnished with shiny black chairs and tables and dimly lit by wall lighting that changes color. There are small tables crowded together on each side of the narrow restaurant space, so our attempts to converse were thwarted by loud customers next to us. 
PLEASE go somewhere else in the Rittenhouse area. There's a wealth of delicious food out there!Crazy sushi is a solid spot for a quick and inexpensive sushi lunch.  You can get two rolls ($8) or three rolls ($12) and a soup or salad for lunch, which is a great deal considering the quality of the ingredients. I was feeling a clean lunch when I went, so I ordered the sashimi lunch special with miso soup and a seaweed salad. My meal was quite satisfying!  The fish (salmon, tuna, and whitefish) was very fresh.  The only strange part about the experience was the presentation. There was a glowing rock and a strange plastic tree on my plate.  It did spark some conversation and laughter at least!The quality of the sushi itself is okay, but what really made Crazy Sushi stand out for me was the presentation. I had ordered three rolls and they were arranged neatly on a large platter with a fake bonzai tree! Seaweed salad was good, much better for the price than at Fuji Mountain. A nice BYO location that isn't too far from Penn's campus.I went here for lunch the other day with a buddy of mine off my recomondation via yelp of course....lol.  Anyways, it looked like it was gonna be a good find.   We pull up and it just so happens theres a parking lot about a 100 feet from the place.   So that was convenient.  We got there right at 11:30am the time they were supposed to open...There was no sign of life inside and there was 2 Asian dudes sitting at the front door waiting to get in as well.  So, I took a wild guess and asked them if they worked there, and they said YES....Lucky guess I suppose....I asked where the people were with the key and they said 5 mins away in a cab....Um okay, so 15 mins later a carload of chefs and waiters arrive and we go in....I was a little pissed, but figured no biggie, lets give this spot a try bc I saw all the great reviews and pictures on yelp.   
Well I'm glad I DID!!!!   We get inside and the place was very clean and pretty cool looking....Our waiter was very attentive especially I think bc he was 1 of the dudes outside waiting with us, lol...However, they have a GREAT menu with a lot of options...I had some eel sushi which was very good and my buddy had some assortment platter thing...Now, the best thing though was the "One night stand roll" I ordered!!!!!   IT WAS FREAKING SLAMMING!!!!!!!!!!   It had salmon and tuna wrapped around spicy, crunchy crab!!!!!    NO RICE!!!!!!   Banging!!!!!    All the food was well worth all the BS I went through up till this point.   Also, the presentation of the food when it comes out is awesome too, make sure you have ur camera!!!!  I'd definitely go back, but I'd just give them a little more time to get to work  next time.  When we left it was around 12:30pm and the place was slammed too, so that's a good sign....Just had the most horrible experience with the server CASEY last night. He was unbelievably rude. I was with a party of 10 and I swear he had something against me. I asked if he could open me and my friends wine bottles and out of no where a cork screw lands on the table right in front of  me. He literally threw a cork screw at me for me to open my own wine bottle. He then proceeds to write my order and I saw him write it down with his pen on his pad. Food comes out and I don't get my meal, everyone is eating and he said he didn't write it down wanted to know what I got and he'll put in the order now.  He then places soup in front of me and says "here this will keep you preoccupied while you wait".... Oh thanks! Everyone in my party is finished eating so I tell him to please just cancel it if the chef didn't start making it and he goes.. "ok" and walks away...not are you sure? it'll be a minute... So he brings out the food anyway and I said I'm sorry I don't want it anymore thanks though, because I'm beyond annoyed at this point and he goes well "the chef didn't even want to make it... It's on the house." WHAT THE HELL did that even mean?! I don't know how the food is because I didn't eat, but service is terrible. Especially Casey.I'm still very confused by my dining experience last night. A friend and I decided to try a new sushi place for dinner and landed on Crazy Sushi. We got to the restaurant with a bottle of wine and both of us were very hungry. We were seated at a table, given menus and the hostess opened our bottle. We chatted a bit, had some wine, and looked over the menu. The first 5 minutes we were there the waiter came over 3 times to ask if we were ready to order the menu is huge so it took us some time. We finally ordered, food came out quickly, very quickly. The server paid no attention to the fact that some of our belongings were on the table (keys, cell phones, etc) before we could move anything he placed our plates directly on top of everything. We ate, food was good not great, we split 2 rolls and a bento box, with the intention of ordering more if this was not filling enough. Before we finished eating we were brought our check, which destroyed any possibility of ordering more. We ate all the sushi and were picking at the bento box and drinking our wine when our server came over to take our check, my friend stopped him because we had not put our money in it yet and explained that we were still eating and drinking and not ready to pay. Then the waiter said "So you can't pay your bill and finish your food?" so so so rudely. We both stared at him in shock as he continued to rush us to pay him and get out of the restaurant. I have never experienced anything like it, mind you we were not even there for an hour when this occurred. We were so uncomfortable we did not finish the food or wine and just left. We won't be back, mostly because it was the weirdest, most rushed, rudest service I have ever experienced.This is one of those places that I really want to love. I've lived down the block for a few weeks now, but visited Crazy Sushi even when I was living up in UC.
To start off, the food is good. The rolls are priced fairly, and the veggie gyoza compares to the best of the same that I've had in Cali (full disclosure: I think Cali has the best Japanese food in the country). The plates are beautifully decorated, and I think the decor inside the place, bar the color changing effects, are absolutely beautiful (I'm a fan of contemporary design). In particular, the sweet potato roll and the cucumber+avocado roll are my favorites, although I'm looking forward to trying the mango one soon too.
In any case, I really want to like the place, but the constant finding of hairs (not ours) in the food during our two visits and the subsequent 'not-caring' of the wait staff has been somewhat disappointing. Further, the lack of attention to detail - not bringing over new soy sauce containers when the other one is empty, not refilling water, etc. is disappointing as well, and in all, costs Crazy Sushi 2 stars.
With that being said, the food is still good, but if they just wore hair nets or whatnot and kept things more hygienic, and improved service a tad bit, that would definitely go a long way!This is a fun place to grab sushi. The dinners are "crazy" with my friend receiving her sashimi platter with an ice sculpture and its own purple light, topped off with a tiny pink paper umbrella. The fish was fresh and the service was attentive. 
I'd come back here, but I'd also grab take out!Not quite sure why there's so many bad reviews but I thought this place was pretty good the two times I had it. I had it delivered once and the other time I ate in. The quality was pretty good and it wast tasty and cheap! I'm definitely coming back to this place.I've ordered from here a few times and eaten here once. Really don't get the hype. I'd rather have better quality sushi not served in a martini glass. The pad Thai was possibly the worst I've ever had. It had a weird spicy sauce that just wasn't good. I don't know... It wasn't like, foul, but I didn't leave the meal feeling happy. 
I will say delivery was quick and my food arrived very hot. I feel like I would maybe give them another chance... but not unless I really had to.Had a hankering for sushi on my way home for work so stopped here for takeout. Ordered the negi hamachi (yellowtail and scallion) and spicy salmon roll and they did not disappoint! The seaweed salad was a bit pricey ($6) and nothing special compared to other places where you can get it for $3-4. Overall I was pleased with the speed of the service (waited less than ten minutes) and the quality of the maki rolls. The ambiance in the restaurant is nice and I'd love to come back and eat in - seems like it's BYO and they have a lunch special.Came in for lunch and had their 3-roll lunch special for $13.  This also comes with a choice of soup or salad (I went for the salad).  I also ordered the yellowtail/scallion, eel/cucumber, and red snapper rolls.  The red snapper and yellowtail were very good, with lots of fish.  However, there was just something missing from all three rolls.  Maybe it's because I really enjoy the bigger rolls with lots of fish combinations.  But, these were good enough that I will definitely come back for dinner one night to try their specialty rolls.Place was a bit sketchy from the cheesy ambiance, but the sushi made me understand why people talk about this place.  The fish tasted fresh, and the sauces were flavorful and light. My kinda sushi. BYOB makes for a cheap, delish meal, AND the presentation was over and above! Like a sushi paradise on a plate. Literally.Very friendly waiter for our large and somewhat rowdy group.  Always love a BYOB! Sushi was very delicious.  Ordered the sushi for two for myself and one other- delicious assortment and unique presentation.Love byo's and this little addition to the neighborhood is exactly the right combo- great sushi + byob. The decor is similar to Fat Salmon, whom I love- trendy, back lit, with seating all along the wall to accommodate a large group, or just two. The service was quick and friendly. And if there was a rating for presentation, these guys get 5 stars! I expected some sashimi a la cart, arranged nicely on a plate, but what came out was a martini glass with my salmon & hamachi on a bed of ice, with a beautiful pink flower. next to it was a mushroom shaped carving from what i guess is some kind of root. and at the base of the plate where my mackerel sat was some food art from spicy mayo sauce. I know some may think this is gimmicky...(and maybe is is??) but the sashimi was fresh & tasty. and anyone who puts that much effort & care into presentation shows they care a lot about food.This place is amazing! The fish is so fresh and their rolls aren't full of rice like most places. AND they have my favorite thing, hamachi kama! So good!!Waiter was super impatient. Fish is not very fresh. Cover everything in sauce. No alcohol. Then in the middle of our meal every person in the restaurant stopped working and took over 3 tables and were slurping down food. Unprofessional. Would never go back.Wow - what a major letdown. I was on business in Philly and decided to try this place based on Yelp reviews. Either I caught them on a really bad day, or Philadelphia is not the place to get sushi. 
The 'Volcano Bowl' sounded promising - tuna tartare in a bowl of avocado. I've had tuna tartare at many different places, and this was by far the worst. Tartare is supposed to be chunky and juicy from the flavors of soy, lime juice, ginger, etc. What I received was reddish pink paste with zero flavor. 
That was my appetizer, and I knew at that point I had made a mistake coming here instead of trying a burger at Village Whiskey. But I had 2 signature rolls coming so hoped the meal could be salvaged. Nope - the Paris roll was just OK at best, and my 2nd roll (forget the name) wrapped in cucumber was barely edible. 
Next time I'm in town I'll stick to cheesesteaks.Above-average BYOB sushi place for Philly. Things that were better than expected: menus, decor, overall ambiance.  Not so great things: some of the special rolls only have 5 pieces, while the regular rolls have 8 pieces. So you are better off getting the regular rolls even though it might be tempting to try some of the more interesting ones. Just beware, they come in varying sizes, so you may want to ask about how many pieces are included in each!Unassuming outside, modern inside with consistently impressive dinner spreads. The rolls live up to the restaurant's name - I have never seen such creative and artistic displays (our four rolls were highlighted with a gorgeous butterfly drawn from various sauces on the plate and a glowing martini glass). The rolls are uniformly delicious - as would be expected from the generous dollops of house special sauce and spicy mayo. Recommend the bloomingdale, anything with eel/salmon. For a lighter fare - go with Banzai Tree roll or odessa roll (riceless). The variety on their menu will blow your mind. Great for a date or outing - a nice twist on the traditional predictable sushi.Well, hello there Crazy Sushi. thank you for fulfilling your duty as a sushi restaurant and offering me delicious, fresh and affordable meals. 
As I explore Philadelphia and use yelp for guidance, I have been let down quite a few times. Crazy sushi however was an extremely awesome surprise. Sushi is one of those things that if you do wrong, there's no fixing and it leaves reminders like "you sure you want have sushi again, it was so gross last time". 
For lunch they offer a ton of specials! From bento boxes to roll specials. You can get two rolls with a soup or salad for 8 bucks or you can get three rolls with soup or salad for 12 bucks. Do yourself the favor and get three rolls. The sushi is always extremely fresh!!! The staff is beyond nice and welcoming. 
I wish they can open a location next to me in jersey. But in the meantime I'll continue to enjoy my lunch here. Thank you, crazy sushi- I appreciate that you did not ruin sushi for me.The sushi was just ok. Nothing tastes fresh have definitely had better sushi for the same price. Service was also horrible. They brought us another couples check before we got our meal. Was just okI've been to Crazy Sushi quite a few times (most recently about a month ago with my SO), and I have to say that the quality has gone down. 
They specialize in novel rolls (hence the name), and while they might be good (I never get them so I can't say) as a sushi spot you have to do traditional rolls right as well. Unfortunately, crazy sushi does not do that. The fish isn't super fresh and the rice-fish-seaweed ratio is off. It's not worse than most other sushi spots in the city, but it's not better either.Not a huge fan. Has the lunch special (2 rolls + salad for $9). The salad is boring and plain- some of the lettuce was browning. The sushi was just ok. My biggest problem was that it all fell apart. I had he spicy shrimp roll which was drenched in sauce and just soggy from all that sauce. The philly roll was pretty good. Won't be getting pick up from here again but was worth a shot to try it.Presentation was nice...taste was mediocre...servers had no clue which roll was what...makes you wonder....Went last week for a lunch date. We ordered 6 different types of roles and two appetizers. Everything was great! The sushi was fresh and the presentation was surprising. We will defiantly be back!Crazy Sushi is by far my new favorite sushi restaurant in the Rittenhouse area! The rave reviews from other members were spot on! I went last night and received a free edamame with my yelp check in. As our main course we ordered the Odessa Roll, The AK 47 (daily special) and the Kk Roll. All of the rolls were delicious and the presentation was excellent! The overall decor the restaurant is very modern and not as dull as it may seem from the outside. The service was just ok but I'm looking past any flaws in that because the sushi was just too good! I will definitely be back!Odessa roll was awesome! Fresh fish and I don't normally eat tempura but this has been the best. Presentation gives it that extra star. Coming here for the lunch special would make it 4.6 stars.Amazing sushi! It tasted fresh and yummy! We brought our own wine and ordered a few appetizers to share but when it came to sushi we did not want to share! That's because it was delicious! Will definitely be back!This place is totally decent. I've been here once for dine-in and once for take-out. No complaints. 
What you really need to know is this: Crazy Sushi is currently offering a "two rolls for $6/three rolls for $8" opening special. Crazy sushi, crazy cheap. 
When I dined in on the first day they were in business, this special was not offered. Don't know when it will end, either. Get it while you can.Excellent, I had too try the place  at first because of the name. However, all in all it was a very nice experience. The miso soup was light and refreshing (not salty at all) the gyoza was flavorful and tender both the filling and the dough, and the ell cucumber roll was extremely fresh and the presentation, though simple was very nice. The only thing i can grievance about is that when i was done, i was still a little peckish and i was not asked if i would like anything else too complete my meal. The check was just handed to me. This place is well worth going back too again.Nothing but good things to say about this place!  Quick service, large selection of house and specialty rolls (get the fire roll!), the plate decorations are AWESOME, and prices are reasonable.  Would definitely recommend- added bonus that it's BYOB as well!It's hard to even give this place one star. I ordered a whole bunch of stuff and about halfway through eating I discovered a long dark hair weaved into a piece of sushi that was IN MY MOUTH. I immediately spit it out and got sick. I took pictures just to prove that the hair was fully immersed in the roll. Needless to say, we did not finish our meal. I called for a refund and they hung up on me not once, but twice. They only wanted to refund the $7 avocado mango roll that the hair was in. I simply explained we wanted a full refund because we were obviously not going to finish the food. So they actually sent a delivery man back here to pick up the uneaten food to MAKE SURE WE DIDN'T EAT. I've never felt so disrespected and disgusted at the same time. I will NEVER be coming back here and I've told all my friends to be wary of this garbage establishment.If it were just based on their sushi, I would give them a 5. The new york roll and eel avocado roll were fantastic! Presentation of the food was beautiful too. Service was poor, I'm not even sure who my server was, each time someone came to the table, it was a different person and not friendly. Didn't ask what we wanted to drink, and once ordered no one came by to refill our drinks or waters. The dine in atmosphere is a bit awkward too, I would take the food for to-go next time.The sushi and soups were delicious and presentation was quite superb. I highly recommend.I don't think I have ever gotten up and walked out of a restaurant before but today I did.  
It's sad because I have eaten here a number of times before and the sushi is a very good.  It is actually one of our go-to places for lunch near our office.  
Today, my group was ignored for 25 minutes.  We walked in, were seated, given water and menus.  Everyone had made their choices and we were waiting for someone to take our orders.  About 15 minutes passed and the waitress took the orders of other tables near us but never stopped by.  We had all finished our water by now and didn't even get a refill.  Finally, the waitress looked at us as she walked by and said "next!."  She then proceeded to deliver food to two other tables and take two other orders.  
We tried flagging the host down as he walked by but he looked away and hurried past.  We trying asking another waiter but before we could say anything, he *grunted* at us and walked away.  At that point, we got up and left.  
As we were leaving, another table asked us how long we had been waiting.  We told them 25 minutes and they said they were leaving right behind us for the same reason.
I understand that if the staff was short-handed or, if they were busy, that service may be slow.   That doesn't bother me.  It is being treated rudely as is if we are an inconvenience to the staff that really upsets me.
We won't be going back here.Ambiance: The slowly changing LED lights add a very vibrant touch to the atmosphere. Though the restaurant is small, it still feels cozy. The napkins (seriously) add a nice touch as well. 
Food: This is where Crazy Sushi truly shines. Each dish is almost a piece of art unto itself. The sushi is artfully laid out on the plate with the sauce plated to resemble everything from a  flower to leaves rustling in the wind. Outside of the presentation, the food itself was quite delicious as well. I had the Boston roll along with the Eel roll. Each comes with eight pieces. I  just wish the Eel roll had more eel in it...
Service: Quite nice. The waiter was prompt and friendly, always coming back to double check on us. The service was quick too, the food came out together (which was impressive considering there was about 8 of us).
Drinks: Hey its BYOB :D. Go buy some wine and enjoy!
Overall its a pretty nice place, great for a date and something I would definitely check out!I'm not one to write reviews (the only other time I've written one was when I had bugs crawling on my table and my legs at another restaurant), but the service that I received at this restaurant was not the best. The food that I had at dinner was okay (pretty good sushi for the price). What wasn't fine was the way that I was treated when I called back the next morning (I'll explain). After leaving the restaurant the night before, I realized that I had accidentally left a large amount of cash on the table (not talking about the $6 cash tip I had also left for my $27 meal) before walking out and wasn't able to go back to retrieve it because I had left the restaurant at closing time. I called them back the next day as soon as they opened up and explained to them what had happened. While a very small part of me was hoping that I'd be able to get my money back, as it was pretty obvious that I had dropped it on the table by accident (I had set aside my cash tip with my receipt, so that extra cash wad was obviously not supposed to be there), I really just wanted them to at least speak nicely to me on the phone. However, I was met with a lot of confusion/disbelief by the man that I was talking to on the phone and eventually told to "hold on." The man went on to have multiple conversations with employees at the restaurant while I was still on the phone (no, I wasn't put on hold). Eventually, he came back on the phone call and told me that he had just asked all of the servers who were there the night before if they had picked up the amount of cash I had lost, but everyone had claimed not to. I nicely told the man on the phone that I had a feeling that my server was not telling the truth and most likely pocketed the money instead of splitting the tips with the rest of the servers (as they do at Crazy Sushi), because I remembered leaving the money on the table. Again, I was met with disbelief and an accusatory tone, then told to hold again. Like last time, I wasn't put on hold, and heard him and a woman screaming back and forth at each other, presumably about me. At that point, I was 100% sure that the man either knew that my server was lying about taking the money or that the money had been split amongst the servers at the end of the night. He eventually came back on the phone to tell me that he asked the servers again (which he couldn't have done since he was yelling the whole time) and they all claimed not to have picked up the money. 
Long story short, I simply wanted someone to be nice to me on the phone, regardless of the outcome -- it would have been nice to have received a simple apology for the possibility of my server picking up the money and pocketing it, as I knew that the money was probably long gone at that point. However, I was met with a lot of disbelief and an overall unprofessional, rude, and possibly dishonest attitude.A really nice place to grab some great sushi.  We went on a Friday night, and the service was friendly and quick.  The chicken katsu was delicious, and the sushi was good too.  Definitely try the mochi ice cream if you are in the mood for dessert!They have great sushi and the presentations are one of a kind! I love taking people here and seeing their reactions when their food comes out. The displays and presentation are amazing.This place is highly worth your money, given the cost, quality, and overall atmosphere of the place. I would say that they have designed the rest to be comparable to top restaurants in Philly. It also gets plus points for being an awesome BYO! 
I went for dinner and left impeccably stuffed with a bill including tip of less than $60. The things that I thought were exceptionally delicious was their Tuna Tartare, Salmon Sashimi, and Pink Panther roll.
Get the Pink Panther roll - it is so delicious.NEVER AGAIN!  loud....over crowded space..rushed us in...slammed order on table ..wasabi fell into my bag...food was not fresh or flavorful AT ALL..person next to us gets up and bangs our table..spilling soy sauce on table...and me...now comes the rushed checked...that the cashiers/owners kept walking back and forth behind our table to get..as if we were trying to escape without paying..messed up the credit card payment...and guess what...u got no tip from us.. except for this..here's our tip....get it together...stop rushing your customers when they eat and most of all STOP rushing them to pay the check! Its not right!  The only thing right about the place is the name..CRAZY SUSHI....that place is crazy.....CRAY CRAY SUSHIPretty sure we just found our new local go-to place for Japanese food now that Numa is closed. 
Came here out of curiosity after nabbing a Groupon. The sushi was great quality, service was prompt and friendly, prices were VERY reasonable, and the variety of rolls on the menu is dizzying. 
We got ... a lot of food. Something like 6 rolls, additional sushi a la carte and soup -- and the bill (before groupon) was only $60. You cannot beat that. (That it's a BYOB helps.) 
We'll definitely be back. Likely often.Fresh food, great fish, generous portion (ordered the Royal Cruise for two - it was delicious, fresh and a lot!). Definitely a good sushi place!I have eaten in once here and have gotten delivery. Delivery has been prompt and yummy. But, I definitely perfer eating there. Their presentations are amazing! Mini umbrellas are always awsome. Service was great, I don't think my water was more than three sips in before it was refreshed.
I am kinda lame when it comes to sushi -so I can't comment on anything too "crazy". My favorite is Cali roll and sweet.potato roll. Both of them are excellent. I also like how they don't put too much rice on the roll. I want to taste the insides more!My favorite sushi place in the rittenhouse area! The sushi always tastes fresh and the service is quick. Great ambiance and decorative displays. I would recommend any sushi lover!I patronage this restaurant for three years along with bringing more black customers to this establishment, tonight we was told to get up from our table so the owner put her hands in a upwards motions so we can leave in order to seat more customers. Granted it's busy however we're being rushed!!? We paid our billed prior to her rushing us to leave. I never thought to be rushed out of my conversation and to leave this establishment after I paid for my average meal. Never again will I or any of my friends co-workers will EAT HERE AGAIN!!!I had a groupon of $20 for $40 worth of sushi so I came here and ended up ordering $80 worth of food. There weren't many people here so it was a bit quiet despite the low music. The staff was attentive, always refilling my tea, and the sushi came out individually, each accompanied with lovely sauce artwork or cool lights.
I got:
Vegetable tempura
Sakura roll (spicy salmon with shrimp and avocado outside with house special sauce)
Banzai tree roll (tuna, salmon, white fish, avocado and caviar, wrapped with cucumber on the outside. with house special sauce)
Odessa Roll (tuna, eel, masago, crunchy and spicy mayo rolled in salmon) & Ocean King Roll (lobster, cucumber, crunchy, wasabi, mayo and masago)
Special of the day - First Kiss roll (shrimp tempura, avocado, tuna, spicy salmon?)
Fried green tea ice cream
Green tea ice cream
They were all great, although over time I realized I don't prefer colder sushi, so the Banzai tree roll was the least favorite of them all.
The green ice cream was good, but was not enough. I would have preferred 2 scoops instead of one. The fried part was not like typical tempura ice cream, it was literally like fried bread. Here as well, the proportion of ice cream to bread should have been higher.I'm a regular here after trying a few others in the Rittenhouse area. The rolls here are delicious! I've only tried one that I didn't like. The price is pretty good, especially if you get their lunch time special. The staff is great and friendly. I recommend this place to friends often, and they love it!! And most of them come back on their own.Crazy sushi has been my favorite sushi spot since it opened. They have great lunch specials, 2 rolls or 3 rolls with a soup or salad. $9 and $12 respectively. The sushi is fresh and tasty and the service is reasonable and quick. 
My go to rolls are spicy crunchy tuna and the Alaskan. They have good soy sauce too - not too salty which is key. 
Everything I have had has been well made and flavorful and their prices are so reasonable you can't complain.Pretty good sushi!! LOVED the vampire bowl that is a must when you go. The tuna pizza was ehh. It's texture was a little off and it just wasn't amazing. The France roll is delicious as is the KK. Wait staff was extremely friendly so that's a huge plus! Overall pretty good sushi and would go back if we're in the area.Yes, this place was great.  When we first walked in , we were a bit apprehensive since it was 6 pm and we were the only ones in the restaurant. Oh man, were we in for a treat!  Not only was the sushi really tasty, but the presentation was excellent!  Smoking martini glass and a beautiful fish drawn on the plate in sauces.  Nice. The only weird part was that since we were the only folks in the place, all of the staff were looking at us the entire time, little creepy but since the food was awesome we overlooked it.  Definitely will come here again - bringing friends for the fancy presentationThis is a great place to get sushi for lunch. Their lunch specials put it among the best bang for your buck sushi in the immediate area. The sushi isn't earth shattering but it's definitely good enough. They can get very busy at lunchtime so go early and call in your takeout orders!So far digging my waiter he gonna get his tip!! Nori soup was very tasty.. new York roll is good..I enjoyed it!! I would eat here againSushi was pretty good- not the best I've ever had but definitely worth trying. We arrived around 4:45 on a Friday afternoon and it was pretty empty. The waiters were very attentive and came with water right away. From previous Yelp reviews we knew that the vampire bowl was a must try so we ordered 3 of those (one for each of us) and we also ordered a tuna pizza to start. The vampire bowl was OUTSTANDING. If you come here you HAVE to order it! The tuna was so fresh and not super salty which we all loved. The tuna pizza we could've skipped. It was lacking flavor and the texture of the "crust" was weird. For our rolls we ordered 1 France and 2 KKs. The rolls were nothing spectacular but they were very good! My mom loved her France roll. The KK was lacking some flavor and the sauce on top was pretty sweet. It wasn't bad, but it wasn't the best roll I've ever eaten. I would eat it again though because the tuna was super fresh, I would just ask for it without the sauce. The special roll menu is heavily dominated with rolls that have shrimp tempura so if you are a shrimp tempura fan you hit the jackpot. If not, you are limited with your options. All in all, not bad sushi at all. I would definitely come back for the vampire bowl!I am a fan of Crazy. 
I've eaten here twice and ordered from here twice. The fish is alwasy fresh. I've never had a bad experience so far. 
The service is good.
The delivery is fast (but the rolls are sometimes shifted around- to be expected). 
The inside is a nice, chill atmosphere and I like the inside of Crazy better than many of the other sushi places around town. 
The menu is HUGE. 
All of the rolls I've had thus far were good, excpet I didn't like the banzai tree roll because the cucumber on the outside made it watery and it's hard to pick up with chopsticks, stuff falls out of the roll since it's slippery. 
Sakura and KK roll were both good. The house sauce is flavorful. 
Thumbs up, I'm looking forward to trying more.Whenever I'm in town and am craving sushi for lunch this is typically the spot I head to.  Reasonably priced and the staff seem to know that people are in there for a quick lunch.  
Having been there a few times the presentation of all specialty rolls I've had have always been great and very tasty, I haven't been disappointed with any roll there so far.  My most recent visit I ordered the Devil roll.  It's a nice mix of the squid and crunch on the inside and tuna on the outside.Delicious food with great presentation! 
I had their Spicy Dancing Kani Roll and their Ocean King roll. I highly recommend any sushi lover to come and have a bite at this restaurant!You'll be mad you paid above average price for those spicy tuna rolls, then you'll be in sweet sweet glory.Very good food, I like spicy dancing Kani, if you want the best sushi recommended the sushi bar, sushi chef very warm full, I remember the spicy tuna rollThe staff is friendly, the fish is always fresh, the rolls are creative, and the presentation is gorgeous.This was our second time here. The first time we came here was Mother's Day 2015 and it was an amazing first time experience. Top notch customer service and the sushi is to die for! We came back today from Reading,PA because it has been all we talk about since Mother's Day! The Sakura roll is our favorite, it's simply delicious and we couldn't find a local sushi restaurant that had such amazingly fresh and delicious sushi! Our go to spot when we are in Philadelphia!I just got a grubhub delivery and the sushi is inedible. I ordered the lunch special three rolls with brown rice. The brown rice was mush and the raw fish was warm and wet. I tried a couple pieces and all had a weird plastic taste. I threw the rest out. Ive ordered the exact thing before and it was great. So disappointed that i wasted $15.Great sushi, EXCEPTIONALLY fast delivery, and prices are fair. Everything I tried and ordered, we liked. We plan to go back and dine in. Thanks!I used to love this place but something has changed. The last two times we ordered from here the food was just bad. The sushi doesn't seem fresh and the udon noodles we got were so bland.First the good: food was quickly delivered, place was clean.  Now the bad: sashimi had several unidentifiable species of fish and at least one was clearly being sold as "white tuna" when it fact is was escolar.   The quality of the identifiable fish was just barely passable.   Also, plain white rice was given to me, not sushi rice, kind of weird for a Japanese place.This was a really solid lunch delivery place.
The quality of the sushi was great and the delivery was prompt- not to mention the sweet deal on the lunch special. I remember trying crazy sushi a couple years ago and being disappointed but recently I tried again and it was great.
I love salmon so the salmon avocado roll (I requested without cucumber) was definitely my favorite.A coworker recommended this place.  I picked up a lunch special around 12:00PM.  It wasn't crowded but then again its New Years week and people are still on vacation.  The woman working the cashier was taking phone orders though.  The decor is modern with lights that slowly fade in different colors.  I ordered the 2 roll lunch special for $9 ($1 extra for brown rice).  It came with miso soup which was very very good.  I usually order the salad instead of miso soup bc I don't like miso soup.  But they made a mistake and gave me the soup, but it was a pleasant mistake luckily.  I ordered a Philadelphia roll which was very good and a spicy tuna roll which I loved.  It had a little crunch to it.  Brown rice was a nice change...there were lil black seeds in it.  For me, the most important part of eating sushi is the wasabi...if it isn't hot enough to make my nose hairs curl then I'm not loving it!    My nose hairs were definitely curlin'.   I noticed there is a trend in Center City to serve more pieces in a roll than 6 and to make each piece smaller.  That is not the case here...thank heavens!  6 pieces come in a roll and each piece was the average size.  I'm definitely coming back!  I can't wait to try their specialty rolls.  Best sushi place that I tried so far in Center City!It was my first time going to crazy sushi for a friends birthday. I ordered the Sakura roll and the bagel roll. The first time the sushi was delivered, I found a long blonde hair in my bagel roll (fried), and when I proceed to pull it out, flipped the roll itself. After I informed the waiter, They then brought me another roll which they remade. It was pretty good. But when I received the receipt, they proceeded to charge me for the  both the rolls even though I had to send it back the first time for an sanitation issue. After I asked about it, the waiter told me he could take off one roll but not the other and took off the price of the less expensive roll instead of the roll that had the hair. To me, that screams horrible customer service.The food was decent and the presentation was amazing, you can tell they put a lot of effort into it. The best salmon I've had in a while. However I had a problem with the ambiance of the restaurant. There was no music yet the restaurant was very noisy. I almost felt like I was at a bar. Not typically what you expect from a sushi restaurant. It's good for large groups but not intimate date nights.Just when I thought Mt. Fuji was my favorite center city sushi spot. Visited this place last night with a friend using a $20 for $40 groupon. Sorry I didn't buy more. We didn't have a reservation, but we were seated within minutes and the staff was polite and attentive. dining area was well lit, music was at a comfortable level, and tables, floors and bathrooms were clean and organized. Nice amount of space between tables, too. For $40 we ordered the vampire bowl (avocado salad with tuna, crunch and masago) for an appetizer, four rolls (sweet potato, pumpkin, apple and crab, and the caetus {special roll}, and two sodas. The portions were generous and the presentation was great. I didn't know this was a byob spot. All in all a great dining experience. I'll definitely come back.Humble store front with a cool modern lounge vibe on the inside. That earns them one star. Friendly service, so that bumps it up to two.  Where it goes terribly awry is the food. 
To sum it up: I feel crazy for having wasted my stomach and wallet space after dining here. 
The quality of fish was similar to supermarket sushi (i.e. lower quality and not fresh -- has been frozen before). The cuts of sashimi was as amateurish as it gets -- like a new person combined with a blunt knife randomly cutting up fish.  The rolls were inconsistent in terms of fillings.
For the prices they are charging - they can afford to improve their quality in both chef and fish.Came with a friend who had been here before and wanted to take me out to celebrate a successful first day at my new job, and Crazy Sushi was the perfect place! Great service, great ambiance, and more importantly, great sushi! We got a few rolls to share between the two of us (all vegetarian rolls- fried banana, pumpkin, and sweet potato) and I got a bagel roll (salmon and cream cheese, lightly fried on the outside) for myself.  The way they plate and present their sushi is the most elaborate and creative I've ever seen anywhere! Looking forward to my next visit!Fishy tasting roles served on overly complicated plates. The individual pieces were cut with what looked like a rough knife giving the fish crooked edges and unclean cuts.  Their unique rolls and combinations are too complex and the ingredients aren't exactly "fresh".  
The dining room is a super loud room with tables in front of a wall-long bench and chairs on the opposite site, almost too tight for comfort.  
The service is fast, but the food is horrible.  Both my date and myself left with stomach pains and then spent the night in the bathroom.
AVOID THIS PLACE AT ALL COSTS!!!Crazy Sushi is a popular sushi joint located conveniently near the shops of Chestnut St. I have read many reviews of both Crazy Sushi and Vic Sushi (see review) so I decided to try them both.
From the outside, Crazy Sushi looks like a typical sushi hole-in-the-wall. When you enter, it quickly turns a bit fancier. Dim lighting, nice tables, clean bathroom - a solid looking restaurant. I dined in at around 5:00 PM on a Sunday and was the only guest. But, onto the food.
I ordered a spicy tuna crunch roll, a mango/avocado roll, and an order of tamago sashimi. The food came out quickly and the waiter was friendly and polite. The presentation was also beautiful. They served my sashimi on a mountain of ice with the rolls to the side. However, I was rather disappointed with the food, especially after reading the reviews. The spicy tuna roll was incredibly dry. It seemed like it was 85% crunchy, and 15% tuna. The avocado/mango roll was actually very good, but not worth $7. The tamago was just okay, would not order it again from here. 
Although the menu had a plethora of choices, ranging from sushi appetizers (one I recall was spicy tuna wrapped in seabass) to a two page special roll list, the sushi fell short and I do not think I will be returning. These reviews are a bit Crazy.Horrible sauce poured over everything! Straight-from-the-botte ITALIAN DRESSING was generously poured all over my spicy salmon roll. So awful! Plus the Uni was not fresh. Plus I got it delivered (fairly quickly) so there was no way to send it back. Please for your own good go somewhere else.I've only been here twice but it's quickly becoming my favorite sushi in the city. Fish is very fresh, rice is above average, presentation is top notch, and the speed of service is very quick. They have great lunch specials too. Keep a lookout, they do groupons every now and then.I went to Crazy Sushi for dinner last night for the second time.  This is a great place to go to if you are looking for some good and creative sushi in Philadelphia.  The restaurant is BYOB which is a plus.  
My boyfriend and I ordered the gyoza to start and four special rolls - Crunch Kani Roll, Ichiban Roll, M16 Roll and France Roll.  The France Roll is my favorite roll at Crazy Sushi.  All the rolls were presented together very nicely on one large plate with a few decorations.  I highly recommend making reservations for dinner on the weekends as it is usually packed.Nah! Not impressed. My daughter ordered chicken teriyaki which arrived late & was slimy. There were 6 of us and not one of us was impressed. The sushi rolls weren't great and didn't have much taste. Too many weird sauces & rolled up stuff on the top that looked like filler just wasn't appetizing. Such a bummer as we were all so excited to have an excellent sushi meal. Nope - not here.I enjoyed the sushi platter for 2 I shared with my wife and I deeply appreciate the quick service to provide rice and edemame for my starving little one. Guidance to the worthless desserts was welcome too. All in all, this place hit the spot.Delicious, friendly and knowledgeable fun young staff, very creative rolls and great prices.  Go back at least a few times a month since first discovering this place when summer ended. It has even taken me away from other locations that I have frequented in the area with delicious rolls and fresh fish tooI really want to like Crazy Sushi, especially because so many people are giving them good reviews, but I went back last weekend to use a groupon and I still wasn't impressed.  We ordered a couple specialty rolls and a basic roll.  It just seemed like the rolls were all filler and very little fish.  My friend commented on this as well.  It's a cool place and the presentation is really nice, but I'd rather have a basic presentation and better sushi.It was like any other sushi restaurant. I got the eel avocado roll. It tasted like it was supposed to.Great presentation. . Decent sushi ... the price is responsible and the atmosphere is very new aged
Its a small place so I would not bring large groups here. Overall its a solid place and worth a tryI loveddd this place! We went here with a big group - like 8 people on a Saturday around 7pm. We didn't have a reservation but they were able to quickly seat us. I had passed this place a million times walking through rittenhouse and I always thought it was a sketchy chinese/sushi place but it's actually really pretty inside. The main eating area is on the second floor but they have a handicap elevator thing so you can get up there if you are in a wheelchair or something. As a vegetarian, there are not too many things I can have but they had a few rolls, which was great! They have "crazy" presentations and it was interesting watching the chefs put them together. It's byob so if you want to drink you have to bring it. The only reason I removed a star is that they forgot my seaweed salad.I'm rarely in the mood for sushi, but when I am I go here. The sweet potato rolls are surprisingly amazing and that's the only thing I ever get.Had the take out. And all the rolls we got were awesome... can't wait to go back. The salmon roll and spider were very goodThis place was crazy in a bad way. I came here for lunch during the week and experienced several problems even though the restaurant was relatively empty. To start the wait time was excessive for both the salads and the sushi. When the sushi arrived nearly 25-30 minutes after ordering the order was incorrect and parts of the fish used were frozen. Additionally the service was terrible I wasn't even given the opportunity to talk to the waiter about the incorrect order because they 1 never came back to check and 2 didn't even look back over to our table which seemed intentional. Will not come back here again.From the outside appearance and name, you might be a little skeptical at first of Crazy Sushi, but definitely don't let that stop you from trying it! I went for the third time this past weekend and have yet to be anything but extremely pleased. The expansive menu include a ton of creative appetizers and specialty rolls. The service is quick and the wait staff is attentive and very polite. Of all of the menu items I've had, two really stand out and make me want to come back again and again.
1. Tuna pizza - slices of raw tuna atop a crispy and flavorful fried scallion pancake with a spicy mayo drizzled on top. This combines my favorite flavors of a spicy tuna roll and ups the ante with a bit of crispy fried goodness.
2. Bloomingdale roll - I've had this every time I've gone and have yet to find a roll like it elsewhere. Spicy every-fish-possible topped with a tiny bit of sweetness that makes this roll highly addictive.
3. Bagel roll - reminiscent of a philly roll but then each individual piece is lightly fried turning a typical sushi roll into something special. I love the added crunch from the frying and how the cream cheese melts a bit cutting down on its typical cold/chewy texture I'm not usually a fan of paired with raw fish.
I've also had a handful other rolls, the rock shrimp appetizer and the house salad. I've been impressed by all of them, except  the Ichiban roll which had a drop of a thick pink sauce on top of each piece that tasted way too much like fake sugary strawberry. I ended up taking the sauce off of the roll and then really enjoyed it. I think next time I go back I will order more traditional/clean rolls that don't contain too  much creaminess to balance out some of the specialty rolls. Being a BYO with a ton of interesting options, Crazy Sushi is a winner in my book.Had dinner with a large party on a Saturday. The food was just whatever, you can get better sushi just about anywhere. The biggest issue was the service. They were very rude. Constantly in our face and hovering the whole time. We were waiting about 5 minutes for the others to arrive and they kept pressuring us to order. The appetizers came out and two seconds later the food also came out. They cleared the table and took my plate as I was still eating. The told us we had to leave because there was another party waiting. We didn't even get a chance to finish our foods or order dessert since we were there for a birthday. The other issue is when we asked if there was a gluten free menu available, the waiter laughed at us and said "you can't eat 90% of the menu" ... it's raw fish how can that even be true?? He was just very rude about everything. The bathrooms were so dirty, it was worse then a porta potty. The only reason for a 2 stars instead of 1 is because I didn't get food poisoning.This place has the worst customer service of any restaurant I've been. We ordered through Eat24. The order was late and then it was wrong. They told us to come back to their store and get our correct order (the purpose of eat24 is to avoid coming to restaurant). When we get there, they straight up say "this is your fault". At this point, you would think they'd have some decency left to them. Then they tell us they are charging us more money since the rolls were incorrect! 
By the time it was settled and we got home- our sushi was cold, fishy and hard. I will never eat here again and I will never recommend this terrible place. Good riddensCrazy sushi is open for its second week.  Stopped in for lunch, and there was no one else there.  They have a pretty extensive menu, lots of options besides sushi.  They have a few different lunch specials including 3 rolls for 12.  This is $1 more than the other sushi lunch specials in the area, but no big deal.  At first glance, they have a lot of options for the 3 roll special plus soup or salad, a list of 43 different rolls.  I went with spicy tuna, Alaska, and spicy scallop, plus a salad.  The waitress came back and said spicy scallop isn't included, I said it was on the list, and she said that was a mistake, so I requested the crabmeat apple.  I got brown rice for all of them.  She arrived with the sushi, and instead of crabmeat apple she had given me apple avocado.  I pointed that out, and she took the sushi away so they could make the correct roll.  She came back and my crabmeat apple was actually imitation crabmeat apple.  That's really not what I wanted, and there was no way for me to know it was going to be the fake crab, so I just didn't eat that roll.  It should say crabstick not crabmeat.
The spicy tuna was good, not too much mayo, and my Alaska roll had a decent amount of fish.  All the fish seemed fresh.  
Bill came, it's a 75 cents up charge per roll for brown rice, but 15% off right now because of the grand opening.  I'm willing to give it another chance, but considering they just opened and should be wanting to impress customers so that they return, especially when Vic's, Machi, and Tsuki, are a few blocks away, I was underwhelmed.I lived around the corner for about a year and waited for Crazy Sushi to put up an actual storefront sign instead of a random poster for at least a couple months (at least it seemed like). I finally walked in, a year later, expecting it to be not so great.
I was wrong.
This place is like if you wanted to go to Vic's but wanted it to be more of a date / lounge-y kind of place. Seats are nice; ambiance is good. It's a very energetic place and the tables are fairly close together; don't come expecting a heart-to-heart. 
The sushi was great, lots of selections and lots of imaginative rolls. Presentation is great and really elevates the meal. Philadelphia hasn't been a place where I've been able to get great sushi, but these rolls are pretty good and the plates look extra special. I was waiting for a friend in the front, and all the waitstaff came to check on me at some point, asking if I was alright. I found that was pretty attentive and thoughtful. 
Crazy Sushi is, contrary to the name, fairly low-key: all in all, a pretty good spot to for a casual night out.I get sushi for lunch here sometimes. The sushi is not bad, just make sure they include your miso soup if you order the 2 or 3 roll special. They tend to forget.This review is based on their lunch special sushi deal. While is IS a great 'deal', as the old adage says: you get what you pay for.  Three rolls plus soup or salad for $12.00, sounds good right? Well it is except they skimp on the fish and the rolls are on the small side. The sushi is still tasty, which keeps me coming back, but sometimes I wonder just how much of a 'deal' I'm getting.  I have ordered take out from here numerous times because I like the deal and in a crunch sushi craving, it fits the bill. 
However, they aren't consistent.  Sometimes the rolls are prepared perfectly with enough fish to not make you question why you ordered from here, and other times, my roll is falling apart and I'm wondering how my Alaskan roll found its way to me sans salmon. Did I order a veggie roll? No. Just have to "Where's Waldo" your salmon sometimes? Gotcha. Lastly, delivery has taken upwards of an hour sometimes during lunch rushes. Make sure you eat a granola bar before you order.
I won't two star them because the fish is still fresh and is satisfying, but had to three star because there are so many sushi spots in the area that deserve the 4 and 5 star spots.Stopped here for lunch on the Friday of Pope weekend in Philly. I had a few sushi rolls which were all excellent. Wife had general tsaos chicken - said it was great but refused to share.Our party of 8 (with reservation) was seated as soon as we arrived and waited on immediately even though all of us haven't arrived.  Drinks were opened (it's BYOB), glasses set out and waters all ready to go.  So already I was feeling good about Crazy Sushi.  
I ordered the some kind of crazy tree roll which was salmon, white fish, and tuna wrapped in cucumber.  In my opinion, this would have been easier to eat if the roll was more vertical vs horizontal.  Since it was sliced so thin, it was hard to use my chopsticks to grasp the sushi.  Taste was a bit salad-y but it was very fresh, and the presentation was beautiful.  My other roll was an Alaskan salmon roll which was on point.  Boo ordered the France roll which features shrimp tempura - highly recommended for those who despise raw fish...and those who don't.  I was obsessed with it.
The craziest part about Crazy Sushi?  How crazy the plates look coming out.  There were bird drawings, shrubbery, jellyfish lights, cucumber islands, and tiki umbrellas accompanying our food making for obnoxious oooooing, ahhhing, and photo taking.  
Bonus - if you check in on yelp you get a free edamame!One item is enough to make me write this review:
Salmon Pizza! Get it!
Pictures & a more thorough review to come when I return - which shall be soon.Takes a great deal from me for any reviews over 3. They are very wheel chair accessible which I thought was great. Fish was average at best and the hot tea was not drinkable. It'll get the job done and the facility appears pretty clean.Fantastic sushi, beautiful presentation and excellent service. We are visiting from Los Angeles and this is the best sushi we have ever had. Hands down.We went here because of a Groupon we had purchased, and I'm glad we did because it's a bit pricier than what we're used to spending on sushi. The presentation was stunning, with some sort of lights and glasses and all kinds of decor, I felt like I was eating my sushi out of an art piece of some sort. The rolls themselves were all just okay, I wasn't blown away by the flavor of any of them. Seaweed salad was fine, nothing to write home about.Friends and I went to Crazy Sushi this past weekend and our meal was wonderful.  I had the Spicy Dancing Kani Roll and the Sakura Roll.  Both were amazing and beautifully plated.
The reason I am writing a review however is because of the experience i had today after looking at the dinner charge on my debit card.  It showed almost $30 more than my meal and tip were actually for.  I went to the restaurant today but they were not even able to locate my receipt in the system.  I left my name and number with them and they told me to come back tomorrow after they had more time to look.
They just called me back (same day) and figured out the issue.  Not only are they refunding me my money, but they also offered me a free lunch on them tomorrow.
In my mind, the sign of a great restaurant is one that makes an effort to get you back even after they made a mistake.  I will definitely be coming back, thank you, Crazy Sushi!Not too crazy about this place (pun intended). Sushi was alright. Service was subpar - either walk me over or let me choose. What the "host" did was just hand us our menu and barked us orders on which exact table to sit in case we strayed. Our soups didn't come out until after the food even though I heard the host order a waiter to get us two bowls of soups pretty much right after we ordered. When I pointed out to the waitress and host that the soups haven't arrived, the waitress looked at me with a confused look and was like, "Oh..." I could list some silver linings like relatively fast service for the food but honestly do yourself a favor and go somewhere else. This place does not deserve a four star rating.Crazy sushi is an interesting place. The sushi itself is delicious. We tried 3 special rolls, all of which were delicious and visually pleasing. The sushi here is good. It's BYOB which is great, and is supposed to add to your dining experience, but even with that, this place gave me a weird vibe. The atmosphere of the place is fine, but the staff really spoiled my experience and I had a hard time debating if I should rate 3 or 4 stars... the second we sat down, someone came over and asked if we were ready to order. I didn't even get a menu yet! In the next 5 minutes, four other staff members proceeded to see if we were ready to order. There was a big party that arrived 20-30min after we were there, so not sure if they were just trying to get all orders in before the party, but there's moving quickly and being aggressive towards customers with ordering and this was aggressive. I would go back to crazy sushi again, hoping this was a rare instance, but if the waitstaff bring the same overbearing aggressiveness, it would definitely be the last time.Would have given four stars based on quality alone, as the sushi was quite good.  I ordered the three roll lunch special for $12. The waiter with the glasses who took my order and refilled my water was very nice and attentive.  However, the waiter who brought out my food was rather rude.  There was not any soy sauce offered to me, and I felt rushed the entire time.  The second I finished my food (barely put down my chopsticks) he rushed over, grabbed my plate, and also grabbed my napkin, which pissed me off since I did not even have a chance to wipe my face.  I found that rather rude... at least ask if I am finished first! 
Of course, the check was brought out as soon as my plate was whisked away.  So I left a nice note on the back of my receipt commending the waiter with glasses on his service, and expressing my displeasure with the other waiter. 
If you can fix this problem, I would be happy to give you four stars.  ThanksOrdered here through Yelp, and it was fast and delicious (Philly roll and sweet potato roll). I was also happy with the portion size for the price.Awesome selection, amazing taste and super accommodating staff! Highly recommend. Oh and it's a BYO!! Can't beat it.I was eager to try this place. Great sushi and attentive service. I was impressed by their presentation of plates and as others have said, the decor is nice. I had a groupon but even without one I'd suggest this spot again in the future.We were in Philadelphia for vacation and I was really craving sushi, so I found Crazy Sushi here on Yelp and we headed over since it was only a ten minute walk. The employees were so kind and welcoming, they gave us a bunch of yummy, individually-wrapped candy and a kind of Japanese Rice Krispie treat. In my opinion, good customer service goes a long way, and their customer service was amazing. The food was amazing too! I got a salmon special roll, and I can't remember the name of it, but it was delicious.BYOB. This place is a blast. I always drink a bottle of wine to myself and sometimes even bring a 6 pack for after. When I come here I only have intentions of having a great time. 
The sushi is literally crazy. Blinking lights. Mini trees stuck to your plate with wasabi. They know what's up! 
I would suggest making a reservation because it is small and can fill up quickly. 
I give it four stars because the people literally try to push you out the door. They know people are drinking and they try to get you in and out as soon as they can. It can be frustrating so I just wait a little to order and wait between apps and rolls. 
All in all great place. Just don't forget the boozeCrazy sushi is crazy good! All of their rolls are great, and the house special sauce is INSANE!I've both dined in and taken out from Crazy Sushi a few times now and have always had a positive experience. Cool/trendy ambiance with a sweet and attentive waitstaff. Their menu offers so many great rolls and entrees it's hard to choose! My favorite roll so far has been the New York- lobster, salmon tempura and avocado; what more could you ask for?! And I love the sushi chef's attention to detail and presentation with all of the dishes (as you can probably see from the Yelp photos). The lunch specials are a great deal for the quality and quantity of the dishes, but you won't break the bank over dinner either. Before you dine, grab a bottle at the Wine & Spirits down the street (BYOB!) and don't forget to check-in for free edamame!The sushi here is tasty and always fresh. I order the 2 roll lunch special for $9 (used to be $8) probably once a week. Call ahead if you want to order lunch because they get super crowded because the sushi is sooo good! Would definitely recommend.I decided to try something new and ended up wishing I had just gone to Fat Salmon.  The spicy tuna roll and the white tuna tempura roll were good.  It pretty much ended there.  The seaweed roll had more "crunchy" then seaweed salad, which made it dry and flavorless.  The tornado roll, which says sesame dressing in the description, was actually covered in mayonnaise.  The presentation on the devil roll was lovely and it would have been really good, had it not been for the thick, sweet, pink sauce that it was floating on.  Blech.
And the final straw, the tuna pizza.  The tuna was so poorly cut; it retained all of it's white sinew making it impossible to separate the pieces.  This was a deal breaker for me.Solid lunch special. A bit overpriced for the quality for dinner. Love the presentation but I just dont feel the quality of some of the rolls match the presentation. There are times Ive been wowed here and other times its been meh- inconsistency in sushi places isnt my favorite. My advice is to stick with the lunch special.I came here with a groupon and my fiance split the large boat of sushi. It had a dragon roll, spicy tuna roll,  and 20 pieces of fresh sushi (nigiri). 
The sushi was incredibly fresh and tasty. They offer unique rolls on the menu and everything from the decor to the food to the service was great. 
Definitely one of the best sushi restaurants in Rittenhouse!I've been here 3 times. Twice for the fantastic lunch special and once for dinner with a groupon. Their sushi is fresh tasting and good quality. You also have the choice of brown rice if you're lookin to make your sushi healthier.
 I love coming during lunch because they have this deal where you get 3 sushi rolls, soup or salad all for 12 dollars!  I've tried the philly roll, crunchy tuna, avocado, sweet potato, pumpkin, and crab and apple roll. I liked all of them, minus the crap and apple which was just okay. Another plus is that this place is Byob!The sushi here lives up to it's name. CRAZY.  When the servers bring out the dishes, they come with elaborate decorations with lights.  The menu is pretty diverse, however the only thing I disliked was that most of the house special rolls were fried.  There were very few raw fish selections on house rolls but the ones that I did get were good.Unbelievable! The service is terrible. Aside from being waved off by the hostess for asking for a table. We then proceeded to leave as no one had even asked us how many our party was for 10 minutes. On our way out the hostess ran after us to save face only to ask us if we had a reservation and after we said no just slammed the door! Idk what kind of restaurant this mediocre sushi place thinks they are but needless to say I will NEVER be going back!Lunch special is the best special. Great for a lunch date good place to try new rolls. Everything is fresh and authentic. Great service & don't forget your apple candy on the way out.On a saturday early evening, I stopped in for dinner with my friends along with 2 bottles of wine.  The number of sushi restaurants in Philadelphia seem to be endless so this was my first time here.  We were immediately seated since we came around 4pm.  This is a fairly small sushi restaurant with tables along the walls and a sushi bar.    The inside is pretty dim as seem to be a theme in most sushi restaurants.  We started with the Kani salad and rock shrimp as our appetizer.  The rock shrimp was lightly batter with tempura with a normal sized shrimp good enough.  We ordered four rolls (2 specialty rolls and 2 regular rolls).  One of the specialty roll was the france which is basically shrimp tempura roll to some extent.  The other roll I forgot the name but it was spicy salmon with shrimp wrapped on the outside (I enjoyed it).  The other 2 regular rolls were spicy tuna and some other I can't recall.
Overall, I pretty much came here for the BYOB part and hoped that the sushi is good enough to eat.  Gladly, it satisfied my requirements but really nothing to brag about here.A friend of mine showed me pictures of the amazing presentation that Crazy Sushi is known for, so I told A to keep a lookout for any groupons from them. Low and behold, one popped up and we bought it.
We made a reservation for a Saturday night at 8pm and we were seated right away despite arriving 15 minutes early.
I ordered the #12 (Sakura $12) and #30 (Peacock $13) special rolls. The house sauce on the Sakura roll was delicious. Tangy, sweet and a hint of spice. I love rolls where you don't need to use the soy sauce and these were two of those rolls. The presentation was spectacular (think: bowl of glowing light and colorful sushi). The Peacock roll had deliciously sweet mango and a sweet sauce. It was almost like a dessert roll with just the right amount of crunch. Definitely one of the better special rolls I've ever had.
I loved the atmosphere with the ever-changing lights, but if you don't like sitting fairly close to other couples or parties, then this is not the place for you. Something I didn't mind, though. 
I would definitely return.very cheap lunch specials. 3 rolls for $13. no soup or salad, but i couldn't finish my rolls. they weren't bad. i'd come here a lot if i work nearby.Great spot for lunch.  The sushi is amazing, staff is super helpful and attentive, the place isn't crowded, and if you are lucky, they will have this weirdly cool music playing that is almost like current hip hop transformed into soothing elevator music. Don't forget to check in for the free offers!The mark of this place is their sushi presentation. They look very fancy almost like a show. The food was delicious as well. Order sushi don't order other noodles which are not their specialities. I love Salmon pizza. very very good. The place is small, and Friday night was kinda noisy.Let me start with the bad. The name and the sign need to go. Lucky for them they can kill two birds with one stone there. Ok, that's it for the bad. The food is very good, staff is great, decor is lovely (except for that sign, which is done in a font I haven't seen since I bought a custom iron on lettered t-shirt in 1976). While the food is wonderful, it is further enhanced by gorgeous presentation. The chefs seem to randomly create outstanding platescapes (I'd better trademark that before Sandra Lee starts using it). They smoke, they light up, they look like vacation pictures sometimes, you just never know. It really adds to the whole experience. This place is a gem in the area, and I think if they ever change that sign, it will be tough getting a table.Always really good food for lunch. (Have Not tried dinner yet) Service has always been fast and really friendly. At least 5 trips so far and will go back.I freakin love this place. the presentation and quality of the food are top notch. they have also been great in terms of service. 
i think i have been here 10 times.Obsessed! Delivery is so fast as well. I use grubhub and have this delivered to my office quickly and the food is great!This place was okay. Nothing special..the food was average, the service alright and the decor was pretty good...Best place for sushi at a great price! All the staff is friendly and you are bound to have a great time there no matter what day of the week it is! I am a regular here and wouldn't want it any other way!Great sushi and good price. The fish is always fresh, the presentation is impeccable. I continue to come here even though there are 5 other sushi places between where I live and Crazy sushi. The sashimi combo is my favorite and miso soup.This is a great place for a girls night out or a big birthday dinner. BYOB so thats always a plus. i came here with about 11 girls and we all got about 2 rolls and ended up each paying 22 including tip which is amazing. The presentation of the sushi here is always beautifullllll. Each one is different and the sushi is always freshly made. I'm a huge fan of the yakitori and sashimi salad here, very fresh and delicious. I have no complaints except that they need to BLAST THE AC, it gets so hot so fast.I had the dinner portion of my sister's bachelorette party held here because my coworker told me how modern and cute it was inside and how amazing the presentation was. He didn't lie! The presentation of the dishes were phenomenal. So different from the many sushi places I have been to in the city. I was going to hold the bachelorette dinner at Zama but that place is expensive. I wanted to bring the girls to a place where you didn't have to break the bank. Pricing is great for what you get. Food was good, presentation was better.
Service is another story. Do not come here with a big group. They're can't handle it. We had a party of 12. And all coming from different places so we didn't arrive at the same time. The waiters constantly kept asking where the other guests were 10 minutes into sitting down, saying they would separate the tables if they didn't show up soon. I made reservations for Crazy Sushi a month or so in advance. I understand they need to make room for the other patrons but I also cannot control my guests from getting to the restaurant in time. (Traffic, train delay, etc) I very politely told them I would try to contact the girls of their whereabouts. But the waiters' constant stares at our table and the nagging made me feel very uncomfortable and embarrassed in front of the girls at the party. I tried to enjoy myself and the wine we brought since this place is a BYOB, but I was relieved when we left.Sushi is amazing. The hot food is average. Overall definitely a top-5 spot in center city. Very cool atmosphere inside. Good for groups or a dateGreat sushi, fast service, and BYO - love this place! Went there on a Friday night with a group of 6, and the hostess directed use to the nearest liquor store to pick up wine. The sushi is really good and the presentation is cute too, will definitely be back. Don't forget the spicy mayo :o)Came here for lunch with a friend on a snowy weekday , so the restaurant wasn't very crowded. The service was superb, as the lady at the door and our two waiters were very attentive and made conversation with us. We were in time for the lunch special, which meant $4 normal rolls; my friend and I both got two rolls each, and I ordered a specialty roll for $12 on top of that. For a place that is known for its decorations, I was disappointed that saving money on lunch specials meant no fancy plate decorations. I've been here for dinner before, and you definitely pay for the sushi plate to be pretty! All three of my rolls were subpar, and was especially not impressed with my specialty roll. This place has a nice atmosphere and is BYOB though, so is a nice place to relax and catch up with friends; if you're searching for good sushi, other places would be your better bet.Service was exceptional.  We sat at the sushi bar and watched all the rolls get made. The sushi chefs were friendly and greeted us.  We sat at the sushi bar b/c we didn't make a reservation and the restaurant was jam packed.  
We had 3 rolls each and mine were: French Roll ($13), avocado and cucumber roll ($5) and spicy cooked scallop roll ($7). So good and tasty! 
My total tab was $31 (after tip and tax) and I'm so stuffed! 
TIP - BYOB and MAKE A RESERVATION.My mother in law and I were just out walking around the neighborhood when we stumbled along this hidden gem.
Once we got inside we were greeted and seated immediately,we couldn't help but notice how GORGEOUS this place is. It is so modern and feels like your in a NYC upscale club/restaurant.
We ordered and it didn't take long for the delicious food to roll out.
We will for sure be back because we are big sushi lovers!Awsome sushi, recommend the sushi for two! Good service funny waiters. Go to sushi spot on in the rittenhouse area!Had lunch here today.  It was OK for lunch.  The sushi was fresh and good.  Not spectacular.  The service was prompt.  I had the cold tofu for an appetizer, and I highly recommend staying away.  I thought it might be quality tofu as they were offering it cold on its own, but it was more like grocery store quality.  Not yummy.My g/f and I went here when experiencing a craving.  Nonetheless we were more than satisfied!  We ordered a philly roll, tokyo roll, spicy tuna roll, and split a dish of chicken pad thai.  Everything was fresh and the staff was accommodating.  I think my bill was maybe $35.00.  Great place.We found this place on Yelp after our first option nearby was out of half their menu. Upon first glance of their special rolls menu, I knew we had picked well. We got three rolls for 2 people and that was perfectly portioned--the Spicy Dancing Kani Roll, Sakura Roll, and a basic Philly Roll. 
The specialty rolls were slightly bigger than the regular Philly Roll (as expected). I highly recommend both specialty rolls and next time would opt for all specialty rolls since their menu had many more delicious options.
Ambience was casual but nice...it was apparently the date-night spot for the two tables of first (or second daters) we were seated between. 
When I'm in Philly, this is definitely on my short-list of affordable eats, and I'd happily return.came here for my birthday this weekend, loved the food loved the staff had such a good time...UNTIL we paid and the restaurant proceeded to tell us they lost our credit card and couldn't find it and then told us it was our fault. Only 45 minutes later a couple treats to call the cops they magically found it in the bathroom...super strangePleasant waitstaff.  Great presentation.  Average prices.  Same quality fish as the other spots.  BYOB like plenty of other sushi spots in Philly.  Would go again if in the area around dinner-time but would not specifically search them out in advance.What is the pink sauce?!
Feeling lazy, I went and ordered take out. The ordering process was smooth, and they quickly brought out my food. There were also a few other people ordering take out.
I ordered the Ichiban roll - salmon, masago and unagi wrapped in crunchy. I didn't really know what "crunchy" was, but I decided to take my chances anyways. As I expected, they were tempura flakes, but different to those I'm used to, these were really small / smushed flakes and seemed like it was quite old. The salmon, eel and masago themselves were fresh from what I can taste. The salmon was fatty, but still had the silver lining on it (which I kind of dislike, but since it was hidden in the roll, I wasn't too bothered). Now, what really almost made me want to gag is... the pink sauce.
What is the pink sauce?! It was a bright-ish pink color and had the consistency of mayonnaise. So, think pink colored liquid soap. That's what it looked like. The adventurous side of me decided to taste it - pretty much a sweet mayonnaise sauce. But, I just couldn't get over the color and the artificial-ness of it all, and pushed the sauce, along with most of the "crunchy" to the side.
While I like traditional sushi, I also love American sushi creations drenches in house special sauces, but crazy sushi's pink sauce was a bit more than I could handle. My search for sushi creations continues.Had a really great dinner here! First of all, from the unimpressive front of the building, I didn't expect this place to be classy at all. The inside was surprisingly nice--it had stone walls with nice lighting and comfortable booths and chairs.
They are getting 5 stars for the food, service, and ambiance. Our waitress was very friendly, cleared plates quickly, and didn't give us any attitude when we gave her our Groupon (I hate when servers do that!). The food was excellent! Everything tasted very fresh, and the salmon and avocado, eel, and spicy tuna were all great. We also ordered the New York roll which had salmon, lobster, and avocado in it. So good! The $40 for the groupon went a long way, and on top of the free edamame we got for checking in on Yelp, I basically had to waddle home. My boyfriend and I really liked this place and will definitely be back!
FYI: It's BYO, and there's a Wine and Spirits shop only a block away, so if you forget to come prepared, no big deal.One of my go-to sushi restaurants. Good sushi and selection, friendly staff, quick delivery and love that they're byob!My friend and I tried Crazy Sushi last night for the first time.
The place was easy to find and conveniently located. We both took the train in and didn't have to walk far from Suburban. 
The decor is very nice, and the restaurant is actually fairly large. 
We decided to try the vegetable tempura, which was tasty. It wasn't greasy, which is a common complaint that I have about tempura- so this was a great surprise!
The ONE bad thing is that the appetizer (tempura) came out about 5 minutes before the main meal, which is always awkward. I won't hold it against them though, because the sushi was great.
The presentation was beautiful! There were the cutest little plastic trees on the plates! I had the white tuna roll (fine, nothing out of the ordinary, but it's just a plain roll), and the magic salmon roll. It was seriously the best sushi roll I have ever had in my life. I absolutely loved it. My friend had the spicy tuna roll, which she really liked, and the spider roll, which she loved! 
I will DEFINITELY go back- I loved it! The price was fine as well. Oh, and it's BYOB.Ooh la la!  The most beautiful sushi in the world!
When it is being delivered to your table, it's almost as exciting as when you get a complimentary cake for your birthday.  If they put a candle in it, I'd probably spontaneously combust out of anticipation.
Nice atmosphere.  Easy to get in to.  BYO.  Decent prices.  I'd definitely come back.  It's a shame it doesn't get busier though.Great new sushi spot in town!  I come here for lunch with co-workers almost once a week for their awesome lunch special--such a good price for sushi that is much better quality than other places nearby.  The sushi is consistently fresh and delicious and they have yummy rolls to choose from.  It's BYOB which could make for a fun dinner with friends on the weekend. 
I had to deduct one star though, because more often than not, we end up waiting a while for the food or the check, and sometimes one person's sushi will come out a good 10 minutes before someone else's.  The wait staff are all super nice and polite, but need to work on the timing of food and checking on tables!This is the worst sushi place I've ever had in my life! Weird flavor in the soba soup. Fake tempura!! The service was really bad. I went there for my late dinner (and it's my first meal in Philadelphia) around 9:10pm, I know it's late, but it doesn't mean that the service is over. It really ruined my first night in Philadelphia! Plus, they didn't even ask me if I have finished my meal and threw the bill on the table. That was RUDE! Also, the waiters/waitress talked loudly and had there own meal just a few tables beside me........
I had to find another place to grab something after coming out of this so called 'sushi' place......
Don't go there unless you want to waste your time......Nothing special; we went for the deal. Okay for cheap-ish sushi.I have ordered their lunch special numerous times.  It's a really great price - $7 or $8 for two rolls and a salad or soup. I typically get the standard Japanese salad with ginger dressing and then some sort of white fish roll and a tuna roll. 
The rolls are well sized for a cheap lunch menu option. The ones I've order have rice on the inside and outside of the seaweed - not sure what that's called, but it helps fill me up on a relatively light meal. 
The only downside, they get super busy.  They open at 11:45 and I find if I don't call and place my pickup order right then, I have trouble getting through. I have been put on hold for fifteen minutes only to then be hung up on. I've also called them multiple times over the course of thirty minutes, only to get a busy signal each and every time.  It's worth it if you get through, but I stop trying now if it doesn't happen on the first shot.Nothing special. Service was fast like they want to kick us out.Came here for dinner last night. Crazy Sushi had been on my radar since it opened. When I saw there was a Groupon, I knew it'd be the perfect opportunity to check out the city's newest byob sushi spot. $40 worth of food goes a long way here. My sister and I ordered miso soups, the mixed tempura appetizer, 3 of the standard maki rolls, and 1 specialty roll. I wanted something with shrimp tempura in it and ultimately decided on the Aries roll (spicy salmon, shrimp tempura, and avocado). The salmon could've used more spice to it, but the roll was tasty and held together well even though it didn't come w/rice. I wasn't used to having sushi without the rice, but liked that it left more room for everything else.     
Our servers were super friendly and were on point checking on us and clearing empty plates/beer bottles. I'd come back to try more of their specialty rolls. They also offer kitchen entrees for non-sushi eaters.This place is awesome! We've been here twice with groupons and it is so delicious. The environment is nice for dates or parties, and the waiters/waitresses are super attentive. We've had the spider roll (HUGE and yummy), veggie udon, chicken teriyaki, rainbow roll, and many other rolls, and everything has always been fresh and well portioned. Their sushi is usually very artfully plated, which is nice. We wish they would put up another groupon because we would buy at least 4! Yum.If the ambiance and waitstaff weren't on point, I would have given zero stars. By far the worst sushi experience I've had to date. The fish was cut too bulky and had too much sinew exposed. I will never go back to this place.  After tasting the tuna pizza, which tasted like mayonnaise covered tuna that was cut too long, my girlfriend and I almost decided to leave.  
Like you know when you order 50$ worth of sushi and the first serving comes out and tastes terrible and turns your stomach...you know how you have the thought of grabbing your coat and bailing out the spot...I had that experience at crazy sushi tonight.  Just because you have access to good quality raw fish does not mean you should be allowed to make bad sushi...but I guess that's why it's called crazy sushi. So it makes sense to me now.Looking for a good new sushi place we went last night to check out Crazy Sushi.  Right on 19th and Chestnut, it's a good location and a great looking interior.  We started with some gyoza and vegetable tempura, both were great starters (and well priced).  
Then for the mains we got tuna avocado, shrimp tempura, and the New York roll from the specials menu.  All three were DELICIOUS.  The New York roll was absolutely fantastic, great texture and all of the fish tasted very fresh.  Not only were they great tasting, but the presentation was awesome.  The sushi chefs drew pictures with the sauces on our plates (including a crane and a some japanese characters) and the plate was garnished with flowers and a glowing cube.  As nice a presentation (or nicer) then you'd get anywhere in the city.
Desert was the fried tempura banana with ice cream which was also excellent.  Great service, amazing food, cool atmosphere, and very well priced.  We will be back to Crazy Sushi for sure!I came here just the other day because of all of the amazing reviews. The puppy love is amazing.... I think I would enjoy this place a lot more if I took the food to go or if I didn't go on a Friday night... I was very excited to go out with my boyfriend and we sit down and order an appetizer which I already mentioned was amazing. I'm not sure if we just came on the wrong night, but there were large groups of teenagers DRINKING. We quickly got the bill and paid for the appetizer as it was ridiculously loud and music being played from speakers. The manager quickly apologized to us and told them to quiet down.
I hope I can give this place another chance, maybe on a week night when there aren't groups of kids....Very affordable , me and my friend each got an appetizer , roll of sushi and fried ice cream for $43 and its also BYOBVery good food, ok environment, decent speed. Remarkable decoration, I like to eat in the sushi bar, so I can see what the chef is cooking, but you don't have to get the sport. A regular table would be fine, beside if I sit in the bar, too much stuff moving over my head, so it is best sit in a regular table.  On a Friday don't come in without a reservation, it is very pack, hard to get in.  But odd are they will allow you to get it.  The interior design is mediocre, but we here for the food, since the price is average, and also it is BYOB, so no cost to alchohol woo hoo.  For this price I think it deserves a 5 starMeh.
You get what you pay for and they do go crazy with the Kewpie Mayo here - so either avoid rolls with mayo or ask for sauces on the side.
I had seen the place (walked by) and read the other yelp reviews - but for $8 (2 maki - you can get 3 for $12) I figured I'd give it a shot.
Service was icy-cold at first (one lady was kinda mean - she was prepping a table for a large party that was not there yet and clearly did not want to stop to help another table) but then my "real" server showed up and was very sweet. Vibe is kinda icy too - with colored LEDlights that change color and rock-hard banquettes that are straight up & down and not that comfortable to sit at.  Water was brought instantly (YAY!) and green tea (which I had to ask for) was free.
I ordered a yellowtail scallion roll (had decent yellowtail but hardly any scallion in it) and a roll with salmon and grilled onions (loaded with mayo blobs on top which I scraped off - seriously, at least 3-4 tsp. of mayo.  Eew).  It was also supposed to have masago but there was NOE in there - and when I asked the (sweet) girl about it she said they don;t include masago on the lunch special.
These people are certainly cost consious - as the lettuce & dressing salad indicated (no tomato, no nothin').
I am in absolutely NO HURRY to come back here - yet - oddly enough - I ran into a friend here with another aquaintance and the LOVE it here.
Meh. Meh. Meeeeeeh.
Sorry.
Doma and Vics cost more - but are sooooo much better.
Nope.I was referred to Crazy Sushi by a coworker of mine for their lunch specials. 
2 rolls with miso soup or salad for $8 or 3 rolls with again soup or salad for $12. 
My first visit to Crazy Sushi was actually during the dinner hours and I was quite impressed. The place is relatively small but intimate, modern and very nice. The sushi is fresh, filling and delicious and to top it off the prices are more than affordable for quality sushi. On two of the four times I have been there in the past month, they have provided us a coupon for a certain dollar amount off our next visit in with our check.I ordered the lunch special and was not impressed. I ordered a tuna avocado roll and an Alaskan roll. Both rolls fell apart when I would pick them up. The tuna and salmon were slimey and did not taste fresh. Sushi is supposed to stick together and taste fresh. It just didn't seem right and I couldn't finish it. I chose the garden salad to go with it. I usually love ginger dressing and realize every sushi restaurant has a different recipe for their ginger dressing. Some have different colors and textures and flavors. Overall, I usually always love them. This was not even a dressing. The texture was similar to dry horseradish and it was bland. It was cheap for $9, but obviously this is why. I hate writing negative reviews but also hate wasting money/not enjoying my food/questioning if I will be sick even more.I've been here for a few times, and I'm in love with this place. The menu is quite impressive, and it will seriously take more than a few minutes to read through the choices.  (The huge star in the middle of the menu can be quite distracting!). If you need a good sushi lunch place, then get the lunch special. They have an awesome deal at 3 rolls for $12, which includes either soup or salad. Guess how many choices of rolls you get to choose from? 43!!! Lots of choices to choose from, and I really digged the Pepper Tuna roll and the Alaskan roll. I had the crabmeat apple roll, but didn't care much for it.
More reasons to love this place: Service is fast and friendly, and they have LOW-sodium soy sauce. 
My challenge is to try different rolls/dishes each time I go there, except the California roll. :)Delicious! Never had sushi without rice and what a great option loved it and the presentation was original. Not just pieces of sushi on a plate. Ambiance was a little loud I couldn't hear my daughter talk very well but not that big of a deal unless your on a date---UPDATED REVIEW 02/27/2014---
I've been back to Crazy Sushi probably a dozen or so times in the past 12+ months and have had a fantastic experience each and every time.
The staff is always so friendly, welcoming, accommodating, and provide all-around excellent service.  
I've tried many of their specialty rolls, and obviously have favorites among them - but I enjoy them all and find their creativity a huge plus. Seaweed salad is delicious, too!
I've taken a number of visiting friends to Crazy Sushi and everyone has always had a fantastic meal and enjoyed their overall experience.
Nothing but positive words for Crazy Sushi!
---ORIGINAL REVIEW 11/28/2012---
Crazy Sushi isn't groundbreaking or the best reasonably priced sushi around, but I had an overall very enjoyable experience and will be returning shortly.
I went on a Tuesday night and the restaurant was practically empty, which was nice, and allowed my party to enjoy our bottle of wine that we brought (BYO = huge plus.) 
I ordered a green salad (average), miso soup (could've been much warmer), and two sushi rolls: an Eel Avocado Roll and the Spicy Tuna roll. Both rolls were delicious and everyone at our table received their rolls presented in a different and exciting arrangement. Our rolls came out quickly and tasted fresh.
The service was very nice. The wait staff checked in frequently to make sure we were doing ok (probably because the restaurant was so empty, but it was still appreciated.) Also, the current promotion was another plus: if you spend more than $30, you receive $5 off, and if you spend more than $50, you receive $10 off your bill. 
Next time I go, I might be more adventurous and try a special roll or something different, but I was content with my meal and the overall experience.I was hesitant to try this place from the get-go because I'm somewhat of a sushi purist.  I just like solid fresh fish good sushi rice and maybe some well roasted seaweed to be happy, and MAYBE a well fried shrimp tempura too.  Hearing a name like CRAZY SUSHI, I kinda figured I was in for an eccentric experience.  And boy was my gut right!
Walking in it feels like your average trying to be hip sushi place, however hearing the waiters speak mainland chinese, I knew the authenticity ended right about there.  We ordered our rolls (my friends going with their crazy special rolls) I opted for the sushi combo.  After that, the show started.  I've never seen such over the top presentation of sushi. Which is ironic because the main idea of sushi is simplicity and balance...THERE WAS NONE OF THAT ON THE PLATE.  I was a little frustrated too because there were more inedible presentation elements than edible pieces on my plate.  I had an ice sculpture, a wooden boat, 3 LED ice cubes and something that resembled Easter basket straw on the plate with my 12 small pieces of sushi.  Service was also sparse and quick, as this place seems to aim to turn over tables ASAP.  I can only assume the prices are so high because of the CC location, but you definitely don't get what you pay for.
If you're looking for CRAZY presentation, and CRAZY expensive and CRAZY small portions at CRAZY high prices.  You've got it all here in a one stop shop.Went here for a birthday dinner.
Ordered the sashmi platter and three of their fancy rolls. sashmi was excellent. I will say to avoid their special rolls with the "house special sauce."  Tastes like a sweet relish.
Otherwise the atmosphere is great and trendy. Staff is friendly.The food was good but it is very tight and narrow in there during lunch.  Obviously the lunch service is very busy, but it is also a lot slower.  I would try Mandarin palace during lunch instead.GOOD NEWS: The service was wonderful, the place is very attractive, the prices are reasonable. BAD NEWS: The sushi and cooked food is very mediocre-not bad, but certainly not great. The sashimi was presented beautifully, but the fish sliced thick and of Mall quality. The teriyaki chicken my husband had was not bad, but had little flavor. Had a Groupon, so it was worthwhile, but would not rush back.Fairly new place on the Rittenhouse Square area.  There are tons of small sushi places all over this city, most of which are alright.  Honestly, we tried this place because of one menu item, the tuna pizza.  This item had become a favorite after trying it at Morimoto, and this is a very respectable version, for half the Morimoto price.
Other food items included various sushi rolls, the best of which was the spider roll (soft shell crab).  Mmmmmmm.  
Definitely a repeat visit location, next time I'll remember its a byob.Just in town for 2 nights and saw this place recommended, just around the corner from my hotel.
I ordered veggie tempura, and sashimi (tuna, salmon, unagi).
The tuna was awful - 2 nice size pieces but clearly over the top in freshness - I hope I am not sick tonight.
When I complained I just received a empathetic smile.........!!!
The salmon, unagi and veggies were good but I can't get the amine taste of the tuna out of my mind and stomach.Food is very good. Very fresh. Plates arrive with the most beautiful presentation, very artistic, done with great care.
Always gone during the day and it wasn't very busy. Was seated right away.
The low rate is based on the service. It wasn't terrible, it was just completely without polish or refinements. Didn't match the elegant food at all. Dragging feet, snappy replies, not very attentive for an empty restaurant, plates kinda slammed on the table. Teaching and training some basic etiquette in service is greatly needed.
Elegant food with fast food service...The fish is very fresh, the rolls are well made and beautifully presented, and the service very friendly. I have been here twice over several months and the food has been amazing both times.The sushi was delivered so I was skeptical. The sushi was amazing we ordered 6 cut rolls they were all really good.I absolutely love this place! I tend to come in or order their 3 roll lunch special for delivery. Three rolls with soup or salad for $12? You can't beat it!! 
They're also BYOB if you're coming for dinner, or having a fun lunch :)I was there for dinner, I thought the portions were small and the salmon not very fresh.
Service was fine.
I was expecting more from the food because of the positive reviews per Yelp.
(It's an  gets an extra star because it's BYO)