Every time I go to Beau Monde it's either raining or snowing or about to do one or the other, which is perfect because I like to pretend I'm dining in Paris instead of South Street and it makes the charade that much easier.
That said, my daughter and I sat in the lovely nook the day of the first snowfall of the season and dined on a ham & cheese crepe as well as one filled with strawberries and toasted coconut. The savory choice was good, but the sweet one was simply amazing. It was topped with whipped creme and was warm and gooey. 
In addition to the extensive choices (I love to have it my way) they were also playing The Shins and Wilco, which earns an extra star. Yeah Beau Monde!Great brunch....crepes are awesome..had about a 20 min wait on a friday..Omlettes are stuffed . Go there hungry an you will roll outBreakfast, lunch, dinner or dessert crepe - I have loved them all.  Love their Brittany style, square crepe made crispy with buckwheat flour.  The service is always friendly and being there in the winter with the fireplace roaring makes for a lovely date night.  I wish I could quit the bananas foster dessert crepe, but I can't or won't.Best crepes I've ever had. The a la carte menu is great, so many good options for making your own.  The House Suggestions are nice when you simply can't decide on your own.  Service was pleasant and fast.  Atmosphere is cute, romantic and french.
The best part is that you can either be very frugal by choosing veggies, or go all out and order the expensive stuff. Lots of variety.I have only been living in the area since September, but as of now this is by far my favorite restaurant. Have only been for dinner, and each time has been incredibly delicious. Ambiance is pretty cool, but if you don't get a window seat then you might be pressed for luck in the seating department.
This is a very minor issue, and the food more than makes up for it. Menu can be confusing to first timers. The top is a list of appetizers, which I always ignore. The middle is divided into two sections: dinner/savory crepes (yes, it's a crepery, but they do have a few regular entrees) and dessert/sweet crepes. They list ingredients (e.g. mushrooms, eggplant, chicken; mixed berries; nutella, ice cream), of which you can make any combination. The bottom of the menu offers suggested combos (if you're overwhelmed by the options and are afraid to do the math involved, stick to the combos).If you're feeling creative, mix and match to make your own delicious crepe invention.
My recommendations: savory - chicken, mushroom, broccoli, goat cheese; scallops or shrimp, mushroom, broccoli, tomatoes (ask for mushroom sauce instead of seafood sauce) / sweet - nutella, mixed berries, vanilla ice cream
Service is fine, nothing extraordinary but doesn't detract. Can be pricey with drinks and multiple ingredients. Dinner for two (and dessert) is usually at least $50, and that's probably on the conservative side.
Enjoy!My sister and I went for dinner yesterday, it was very quiet. I guess this place is only popular for breakfast and brunch, dinner crepes are not as appealing. I got the ratatouille because of the Disney movie, it was kind of bland. The portions were not filling, we were still hungry afterwards. I would like to give this place another try, perhaps for brunch or something.Great decor and ambiance. I came here with a group, but definitely recommend it for a romantic night out. THe cheese plate appetizer was beautifully set up  Tried the chocolate crepe with coconut and coffee ice cream and it was flavorful without being too sweet. Next time I'd love to try one of their savory options!Came here on a Sunday afternoon around 1:30 pm.  There wasn't much of a wait (10 minutes if that).  I got the salad special with figs and arugula.  It was good.  My fiance and I split the ham and cheese crepe and a build your own crepe with dulce de leche and apples.  It was ok but we haven't returned and feel no need to either.There's no doubt about it - the crepes here are delicious! The menu contains a wide variety of both sweet and savory crepes to match any taste, or you can pick from a full list of fresh ingredients and make your own. I tend toward sweet, so I ordered one with apples, almonds and honey - delicious!
My only caution is that, because it's so popular, the restaurant itself gets pretty loud. I was there with a group of 10, but I could only hear the people directly next to me. The service is also noticeably slow, again most likely due to the sheer number of other tables the staff attend to at this busy spot. I would have preferred a place where I could at least converse with the other members of my own party, but what can you do. Just prepare for a leisurely meal with a small group if you go!I spent a semester in Paris and got street crepes at least once a week; these do not even begin to compare. But we're in Philly so let's be reasonable.
I started going to this place in 2004 and it's been a go-to restaurant when I want something a little fancy and have the cash to splurge. Unfortunately, the prices have been substantially jacked up since 2004, so I don't go as often.
My usual is the mushrooms, swiss and toasted almonds crepe. Girlfriend gets the creamed spinach, chicken, tomato and swiss (chicken doesn't add much to the flavor so she gets it without when we're trying to be thrifty).  Both are tried and true and very delicious. The french onion soup is also very good.
If we have money and room in our bellies to spare, we usually split a sweet crepe. All the sweet crepes I've tried have been excellent, though my favorite is the classic Nutella Banana.
I've also had some bad crepes here. I thought the Shrimp, Spinach, Roasted Leeks & Seafood Sauce was much too fishy (and I like fish). Also be careful when you create your own - it's sometimes best to ask the waitress for a suggestion (they're usually very helpful).
I had the scallops, tomato and herb butter crepe last time. The scallops were overcooked and rubbery; I ate the rest but picked over what I paid $20 for. Luckily, when the waitress took my plate and saw that I clearly did not care for them, she said that she also thinks they're too well-done, and took the crepe off the bill completely. 
All in all, Beau Monde is really nice for a date, the food is pretty reliably good (presentation is beautiful), and the service is excellent.Absolutely delicious. Great service and amazing food. Good portions and good prices. I will be definitely coming back and bringing friends over. If you are looking for good French crepes this is the place to go.I've been coming to Beau Monde for years but this was the first time I tried their brunch menu.  Very good.    Had mimosas as well.What's up Philly!!!!! It's your boy again!!!!! Ok who's up for a french breakfast. Just a little change of pace & place lol. Just like always we ( wifey ) were out in Philly get'n our hustle on ( Uber ) when we decided to try this french cuisine spot. We didn't really here much about it but it looked cozy & warm. Now we've never been to France but l would have to say the decor gave us the feeling like we we're dining in the European country. Now crepes isn't nothing new to us but we wanted to taste an authentic crepe or something as close as possible without actually traveling to France. Now they gave you a choice between sweet & savory & we choose savory. I had shrimp, spinach & sauteed onions stuffed crepe & hers was stuffed with scrambled eggs & all types of veggies topped with fresh mash avocado. We also tried there french onion soup, ginger beer & rich hot chocolate ( So good ) The staff was very friendly a the service was great. The ceiling was high & the floor was a beautiful wide plank hardwood. There was a bar that sat in the right hand corner & a unique fireplace that sat in the middle of the restaurant.( That was nice). My dish was just ok it was a little bland but my wifes dish was excellent. But overall the meals were good & definitely filling. Now we will definitely come back to try something different because the service & staff was really great. So if your ever around 6th & South st give them a try.Amazing food, drinks, and service.  Not the cheapest place to have lunch and a drink, but not outrageous, and worth every penny :)One of the best restaurants i have ever visited.  We went for dinner  - it was absolutely amazing - from the dinner crepes (mushroom crepe, and then the shrimp crepe), wine and dessert! I'm not a huge fan of dessert, and usually skip it especially when i am full but we tried the nutella crepe with hazelnut ice cream and it was delicious. Loved everything. Wish i lived in Philly just for this restaurant.Having just got back from Paris last month I was craving a good Parisian experience and Beau Monde has been on my list forever so I decided to finally wander in and check it out.
The decor is simple and similar to a lot of places I visited in Paris. It's warm and inviting and our waitress was as well. She admitted that she was from the south and preferred "Southern BBQ" to French cooking but she was attentive throughout our meal so we tipped her well despite her lack of recommendations.
We started out with the French Onion soup which was Spot On! It had just the right amount of everything and was the perfect temperature unlike most pub versions of the French favorite. We also split a Crepe with Shrimp, Seafood Sauce, and Mixed Vegetables which was very well cooked and well presented but it was a very small portion.
We decided there was definitely room for dessert so we also indulged in a Banana, Nutella, Hazelnut ice cream Crepe which was yummy but I would have liked a lot more Ice cream (or maybe that's the American in me I suppose).
I would love to give this place 4 stars but with the portions small and the bill on the higher side I have to stay at 3 for now. Maybe I'll change my mind when I come back for brunch.
Overall a good experience and I'll definitely be back to try brunch!So I stopped by this crepe place because it was the closest one where I was at the moment. My friends and I had shared the plain crepe with berries, and the Crepe Suzette. I really liked how our waitress had the crepe Suzette and brûléed our crepe for us to see! It was really cool and a great experience. The chantilly cream was really good also. Only downside was that the prices seemed a bit high, but I would visit again.Wonderful, quirky exterior that really sets the mood for the restaurant, especially since it is affiliated with the L'etage cabaret bar across the street. I came here for brunch with a large group and ordered the chicken fricassee sunny eggs & creme fraiche buckwheat crepe. It was deliciously creamy and savory, and the crepe itself was quality. Everyone else ordered a different crepe, both savory and sweet ones, and seemed to enjoy theirs as well and finished them all. However, the service was a bit slow for Sunday noon.Crepes! Really good ones.. with mimosas.. lots of them!
My friend had a savory crepe which was totally out of the world.
My sweet crepe (i got a citrus berry crepe) wasn't bad at all too.
The cocktails were really good. We had mimosa, bloody marys and summer in paris.
Also, the service and ambiance was much appreciated.
All in all, great experience.Amazing food. Prices can be high for some but overall a great place to go.Excellent choice, calm, romantic atmosphere. 
Crepes were decadent!! 
I tried the Nutella crepe with vanilla ice cream. Also tried the escargot and the goat cheese pizza,  both were pretty good.Favorite date spot in the city. Intimate, upscale casually cool, great food, and cocktails. 
I've been coming here for 20 years since my parents brought me as a teen. Somehow it has remained consistently good over all these years. The Coq au Vin feels like home.
(Don't bring your kids and ruin it for the adults. I wish my parents didn't.)Had brunch herre a bit ago w/ a couple of mates. Sweet place literally and figurally. I like the set up alot, but cuz it was a nice warm day we sat outside on the little porch area.  The bar did look like a place I wouldn't mind grabbing a drink and hanging out at though. My ham, egg and swiss buckwheat crepe was tasty.. nice and light and my nutella, bananna and hazelnut ice cream was so good "I would... (and I am ripping off a quote from 30 rock creator and star and former SNL castmate Tina Fey) ..stick my dick in it," if I would not probably be banned from Beau Monde.  I sampled my friend's ratatouille crepe and that was also quite good an so was her bloody mary. Her soup was really good but I don't quite remember what was in it beside artichoke, because when she asked what the soup de jour was I kept on quoting dumb and dumber lines to myself. My other friend's esgargot was really mushy though so that would be a pass in my book, but overall good times at la Beau Monde.This place is fantastic, the food is great and not just for crepes. The duck salad is very good. But you must try the sweet crepes for desert. My favorite is the mixed berries with lemon curd. 
You should make reservations as this place can get very crowded.Short and simple:  the absolute best crepes I have ever eaten and excellent device to top it!My daughter wanted to try crepes and Beau Monde just happened to be in the right place at the right time. 
We were in the area because my daughter wanted to go to South Street. Hubs and I were VERY disappointed at how South Street has changed so much since the 80s and 90s. It used to be art galleries and fashion. Now it just seems like 8 different versions of Five Below
Hennyway - Beau Monde was a welcome oasis from the "cheapness" of the current South Street area.
The service was amazing...to the point that my 12-year old ordered the chocolate/Grand Marnier crepes and someone came out from the kitchen to inform us that GM is a liquor...and did we know that? I told her that we DID know that, and understood the booze would be "cooked off" in the flambe process. I appreciate the diligence!
I only have one suggestion: Hubs and I split the berry/lemon curd/lemon sorbet crepes (the portions are HUGE - Hubs and I had to help our daughter finish hers). The lemon curd could have been more than just a dollop on top of the crepes? I'm thinking it would have been even better to have the lemon curd mixed with the berries inside the crepes?
Hennyway - I haven't been to the area in 20 years,and probably won't for another 5 years...but this place is awesome!Had the pleasure of dining at Beau Monde recently for dinner (not sure why it shows as only a place for breakfast & brunch??).  The seafood bisque was a delight and the crepe with scallops had the most wonderful sauce--yummm!  Unfortunately those two filled me up so there was no room left for one of the enticing sweet crepes. Guess I'll have to make a return visit and start with the sweet! Service was excellent as well. It probably is good for my figure that I live far away from this place because I'm sure I'd be there regularly if I didn't.Romantic ambiance perfect for a date or brunch with friends.
We arrived amidst Sunday brunch and got to sit at the bar by the window (views, sun light and personalized bar service)
We oh ordered crepes... obviously!Yes the prices are kinda steep. Yes it's a little out of the way from University city. But you just can't beat sitting in a small, warm restaurant near the window, watching the snow fall, eating fluffy, rich and delicious crepes and sipping on cocktails to warm up after. Sound perfect? It was. 
My friend and I stumbled in here after getting caught in a little more snow than we expected. We ran to the restaurant and were so happy to be inside that we didn't notice that it was pretty packed on a Saturday. We asked the waitress for the wait for a party of 2 and she accommodated us in nearly no time at all! Thankful to just be inside from being so cold, this hospitality and great service made our great experience even better. 
Food: We decided on one sweet and one savory crepe. We made our own for both (I recommend this, considering how steep some of the prices are for the pre-made crepes). We got an egg, mushroom and mushroom sauce crepe and a nutella, strawberry and banana crepe. The egg, mushroom and mushroom sauce crepe was great -- the crepe was light, soft and the mushroom sauce pulled all the flavors together. The dessert crepe was even better, if that's possible. They added powdered sugar and a small swirl of whipped cream (flavored whip cream..what do you call that? it was almondy and delicious, whatever it was) to our plate, which was a nice addition. The crepe was softer than the savory crepe and the nutella amount was just enough -- melted perfectly with the warm bananas and strawberries. MMM definitely one of the best dessert crepes I've eaten. 
Tips:  
+Come here on a cold day, get a table by the fire, eat and be merry and then go to the bar across the street and warm up with some wine :)We loved the crepe out of this place!
For starters, try their French Onion soup.  It has a sweeter taste to it and it's wonderful.
The savory crepe with andouille sausage, sunny-side eggs, goat cheese, and caramelized tomato sauce was amazing.  We'd also recommend the scallop and seafood sauce crepe.  
As for the sweet crepes, you really can't go wrong.  The apples, goat cheese, honey, and creme fraiche was delicious.  The Suzette is also a great option (and entertaining).  
If you're in the mode for a dessert cocktail, they have an amazing coffee liqueur drink available.  I can't remember the name of it though.
Overall our dinner was amazing and the service was great!I love love love this place.  I do not know of any better crepes in Philadelphia, unless someone can refer me.  I've been here a number of times in the last five years, and the food is very consistently good.
The crepes can be built upon order and increase in price as more ingredients are added.  I.E., the prices vary based on what you order.  There is a wide range of meats, cheeses, veg, sauces, etc that can become part of the crepe and the ingredients are all very fresh and high quality in my experience.
I've tried a number or combination of ingredients for savory crepes such as egg/feta/spinach, broccoli/cheddar/tomato sauce, mushroom sauce/ratatouille/swiss cheese, etc.  Their sauces are particularly good.  I've also tried a couple of sweet crepes, which I like because they have the option of adding ice cream.  
I've had crepes from street vendors in Paris, and Le Beau Monde's crepes are of a different variety.  Le Beau Monde's crepes seem to have more variety than traditional crepes and the savory crepe itself seems slightly different.  I think the major difference is that Le Beau Monde's crepes seem to be more filling and rich.  I think of traditional crepes as being light and sweet whereas I think of Le Beau Monde's crepes as more filling and decadent.NOOOOOOOO! DON'T DO IT!!!
If I were French I would be offended by the positive ratings this overrated restaurant has received! 
Ugh, come on! Has ANYONE had a real crepe? Puh-lease. Don't settle for this place, go to a lunch truck on Temple or Drexel Campus to get something better and not to mention cheaper! (I haven't tried UPenn's crepes but Im SURE they're better!) 
This place is over priced. Portions are small. It's trying too hard to be a chic restaurant when really it should relax... how about playing some good music? That would make me forget how much I'm paying for your crappy food. I mean the least you could do is play French music not American top 40. 
Please, try other places for crepes, don't get brain washed by the good reviews.The beef borgonion crepe is amazing. I've had it twice and both times it was really good.This place is off south street, on a corner not very noticeable.
When me and the lady first walked into this place we felt as if the staff didn't take us seriously as patrons.
when we were seated it took a good while before the waitress came to our table to ask us what we would like to drink. It is here that i'd like to note:
Their Drink selection is pretty good and very unique. not to bad.
anyways... back to the waitress, i felt as if i walked into a cabaret club the way she was dressed. 
it wasn't very appropriate and me and the lady felt uncomfortable.
Another Side Note:
Not very Appropriate place for kids.
Ok! so... the lady orders a nutella blackberry with blueberry. and i order a nutella strawberry with blackberry crepe, and a scoop of ice cream on the side.
Now! crepes are delicate things that have to be cooked carefully and be cared for. it can not be over bearing because they are pastries. 
as they bring out our crepes, My Lady receives her crepe as she ordered and mine comes out... well not my order.
Side Note: She repeated our orders to us 3 times before she left our table. so how can you get it wrong!!!
i don't like causing a commotion so i just went with it. my ice cream was the best part of the meal. it was the only thing Separate from the crepe. 
The crepe was overbearing had too much fake strawberry preservatives was soggy and tasted like crap. thinking about it now still makes me angry.
so in the end i don't suggest anyone going here unless you really want a bad crepe or a free cabaret show. 
go to the reading market and visit profi's creperie for the true taste of a crepe and its much much cheaper!My husband took me to this place as a little surprise. Delicious delicious delicious. The ambience was very nice. Service was great. I really feel like the crepe that I made should be on the menu! I got mushrooms with mushroom sauce, roasted leeks, goat cheese, with lemon butter on top. I literally savored every bite. On the pricier end but if you're going for a nice night out its so worth it!Came here for brunch on Sunday 8/10, read the great reviews online and were hungry. 
I ordered the chicken satay to start, it was in this Thai peanut sauce which was pretty amazing, followed that up with a banana, Nutella crepe with hazelnut ice cream! The combo of flavors were perfect for my pallet. 
Since vacationing in Paris and the south of France two months ago, these crepes came close to the quality over there. Would def recommend this place if you are ever in PhillyMy friend had the beet and goat cheese salad and I had envy of  a beet and goat cheese salad.
Crepes are good, not as good as France or Japan you fools who think they are. Actually Profi's in Reading Terminal is better and cheaper. Here you are paying for South Street and ambiance. 
Probably will not return unless someone reallllly wanted to goSoooo I may or may not have made my friend walk 2.6 miles to come here. But I told her yelp recommended it so she knew the trip would be worthwhile.
And it was. The crepes were absolutely to die for. In typical fashion, we wanted to try as many dishes as possible without feeling the need to explode. Thank you, sharing. They even put our half crepes on separate plates, making partition effortless yet plate clutter kind of an issue.
One savory and one sweet is definitely the way to go.  We enjoyed a Cajun Gumbo (shrimp, okra and rice in a spicy cajun sauce) and a brown sugar/toasted almond crepe both prepared and presented with precision and beauty.
Docking a star on account of the "meh" service. It took 20 minutes for our server to deliver menus and service was generally slow throughout our dining experience (coffee refills, getting the check etc etc). I believe the neglect stemmed from our outdoor seating arrangements, but this really shouldn't be an excuse.
I still would have upped that mileage to 3.6, though.A gem of a place... Authentic French crepes... You will never have a crepe this good... The savory and sweet crepes are to die for... When it's nice out they have good outside seating... This is a place you can call your special place...Definitely not one of the most popular spots in Philly, but a GREAT find! Besides the food being magnificent (definitely the closest to Parisian crepes that I've found), the ambiance is perfect for a romantic date (although I've had plenty of girls night out here too). The lighting is soft and the music low so you can actually hear each other. The tables aren't too close together so it feel private. The selection of crepes is enormous and there are choices from sweet to savory. If you aren't a crepe fan, don't worry, there is a large menu selection of other dishes, although I can't comment on them because all I've had is crepes. However, my friends who have tried them rave about them almost as much as I do the crepes. Prices are also very reasonable...apps and dinner for four with drinks came to $25 a person. Would recommend this place to anyone!On a trip to Philadelphia, my boyfriend and I passed this on our way back to our hotel. We liked the name & the style, so we decided to look up the menu and we went. He got a chicken, cheddar and broccoli dinner crepe, I got a mushroom, egg and cheddar dinner crepe, and we split an apples and brown sugar dessert crepe. All this, with two beers and a coffee, was only about $42, and it was a lot of food-- I took home about 1/3 of my crepe! And the crepes were delishhh, especially the mushroom sauce on mine.
The service was wonderful and fast; our waitress (Amie?) was super friendly and nice (as were most people we experience in Philly) and even the busboy had a recommendation for dessert. The waitress was even nice to the dummy next to us who couldn't understand the "build your own crepe" menu and messed up his own order-- then blamed her! It was a tad dark, but the atmosphere was nice (I'd say a good date place).
All in all, a great place!Had a reservation but did not seat us until 20 mins later and sat walk-ins before me. That was the minus star. Other than that the crepes were amazing - hazelnut ice cream, banana and brown sugar. Waitstaff was efficient, on point and helpful.Going out to eat is about living in the moment, and for brunch moments this Has to be my favorite spot. Try to come hungry though as the portion sizes seem to be more American than French. Interior looks like the love-child of Japan and France but pulls it off masterfully. Servers have always been attentive, given great recommendations, and not been pestering or overbearing in any way. Management presence is almost nonexistent; always a good sign. It's a well put together menu with some great salads, wines, beers (including French dry ciders woooo), and appetizers (their escargot is fantastic). Never had room to sample the desserts--some day. Even their outside seating area, though sparse, is nice. 
Overall the focus of this place is its terrific mix of sweet and savory crepes. Everything else just accentuates this strength. My only suggestion would be to overhaul the cheese program (little expensive and nothing is listed) and to disassociate yourselves from l'etage (shudder).Amazing, thin and light crepes. Perfectly fluffy texture, and amazing varieties for the filling. You can build your own or go with a pre-selected combination of flavors. Sweet and savory are both incredible, and you honestly can't go wrong with any crepe here.
-1 for Beau Monde because the prices are slightly higher than expected, but I guess that comes with the amazing dining experience. Service was on point, and the ambiance was extremely cute and quaint. Would definitely recommend for crepe lovers!This is one of my favorite places to take my wife for dinner. The ambiance is so great (they have a big, stone fireplace that creates a pretty rustic feel) and the staff is pleasant. In the warmer months, we like to eat outside.
We really enjoy the cheese plate appetizer. It's served with a nice variety of cheeses, along with some fruit. Crepes comprise the majority of the menu. The menu is segmented into sweet and savory sections. I invariably order off of the savory section (I like their andouille sausage) and the wife orders from the sweet section (she loves that it's like eating dessert for dinner - i.e. dessert followed by more dessert).
They have a decent beer selection, too. I think the last time I was there I got a Chimay Blue.
I really recommend checking out Beau Monde.Delicious! I wish there was a creperie  this good in D.C.
I've eaten here with a group of girlfriends and come with my boyfriend for a romantic dinner...this space is well suited to either. The decor and ambiance are lovely, and it's definitely a place to linger over your meal. And linger you will.
Their savory crepes run the gamut from basic (cheese) to unusual (coq a vin, seafood, etc). All of the fillings are piled into a buckwheat crepe and presented to you on huge plate. Don't be fooled--you can have crepes for dinner here, and walk away more then satisfied.
The sweet crepes are also beyond delicious, with fillings including all manner of fresh fruit, ice cream, creme anglais, Nutella, you name it. Consuming a meal and dessert crepe in one sitting requires an empty stomach and a big appetite--and it's completely worth it.
Oh yes, and they bring you coffee with cream in an adorable cow-shaped pitcher. What's not to love?I ordered a chicken & broccoli crepe. It came out plain on a dish with no sauce over it or any garnish. Just a medium sized square crepe. Biting into, it was really liquidy. Not enough of cheese and there was literally no salt/pepper seasoning. Just boiled broccoli and bland chicken with NO FLAVOR. So disappointed and I can't believe I spent nearly $20 after tip for a mediocre dish. I'd recommend you skip this place if you're looking for flavor. The ambiance was cool though.Came here with a large group for a bridal shower brunch. It's a very cute place with the feel of a Parisian cafe. I split a savory and a sweet crepe with a friend. I had the egg, swiss cheese, and ham first. A simple crepe filled with deliciousness in each bite. For my sweet crepe I got one with pears, chestnut cream, and chocolate. All I can say is wow... It was a great trio of flavors bound to make anyone happy.Amazing brunch place!! If you like crepes, this a fantastic place to go. Their menu will leave you speechless because the options are endless but I've never had a bad crepe there. At my most recent visit, I tried the goat cheese mousse. In one word - PHENOMENAL. Really. It's THAT good. Get it. The Coq A Vin and salmon and artichoke crepes are great and worth mentioning. Their dessert crepes are to die for as well. This place is a gem. Don't forget to order your mimosas!Wow this place exceeded my expectations.
So I'm one of those people that doesn't really eat bread. or cheese. or most Frenchy-foody things. (Judge me if you want but I'm ma do me.)
It was with apprehension that walked to a celebration brunch at Beau Monde, expecting crepes would be the only option and I would be forced to spend $18 to eat only the middle parts. 
But behold! Contrary to the crepe-only brunch menu a la website, Beau Monde has salads! soups! Even omelettes! Not on the menu, so inquire. (At first I ordered the salad du jour, which involved quail eggs, asparagus and potatoes, but switched to an egg white omelette when I heard my gluten-free friend order it.  The dressing for the salad is divine. The omelette an appropriate size.)
My food fear vanished and at once I was in full-fledged enjoyment along with 10 other women at our long table. 
Not that I wasn't taken with the place upon entering. The warm golden hues of this French stay-cation wrap you in the joie de vivre and you are subsumed in plaisir parisienne.Dessert crepes were pretty good here, although thicker than I would have liked. What surprised me the most was that each one was $12+. I would expect over $12 for a lunch or dinner crepe, but for dessert they should have been priced at $6-8.I planned a birthday dinner here for 11 people and they were so gracious, even when I changed the party number multiple times and even when people came an hour late. They were patient and very accommodating (the bartender even charged my camera battery behind the bar for me!). Our waitress, Shaun (sp?) was THE cutest thing; so sweet, helpful and absolutely adorable. She answered every question, fulfilled every request and patiently took all the pictures. 
The food came out pretty fast and everyone couldn't stop moaning about how delicious it was. I made my own combo of cajun gumbo and spinach - whatever was in that sauce was to die for. Some had a struggle finishing theirs. For dessert my friends and I each contributed something we wanted; nutella, caramel, coffee ice cream and fresh berries. It was a scrumptious gooey mess that finished the meal perfectly. Sure its a little pricey but you definitely get what you pay for!
Oh and did I mention that they had chianti? Restaurants never have chianti. I couldn't have asked for a better dinner for my birthday.I didn't think crepes could be filling - after all, the French are notoriously non-obese, and it's simply not possible to become full unless eating a foie-gras burger and duck fat french fries.
Lies.
Beau Monde did it...with a buckwheat crepe so delicate it's a wonder the leeks and mushrooms didn't burst through its soft skin. Skippy with the fillings, Beau Monde was not. 
And for dessert, it might be wise to enjoy the slightly sour succulence of a white sugar and lemon crepe, which is sugared, and lemoned just enough so that you can taste the light-wheat-sweetness that composes the crepe itself.I've passed by Beau Monde several times before but never gone in because it seemed slightly more expensive than I was looking for each time (has the appearance of a generical fancy French place). I ended up coming with friends to get a drink and appetizer before meeting with a larger group for dinner, and we all felt like we'd stumbled upon gold.
The place may seem expensive depending on your expectations going in, but I was pleasantly surprised to see how many $3-5 options there were. So my friends and I shared a couple drinks, a salad du jour, and a baked pear crepe (for which we requested an addition of blue cheese). The salad was incredible - it included a rich pumpkin and was extremely well balanced overall. The crepe was also delectable, and the addition of blue cheese turned out to be a brilliant request. 
The only reason I'm giving 4 stars is that I haven't had a full meal here yet, and our experience may not be representative of what others are seeking, but for what we were looking for (something light and tasty to tide us over), we really could not have stumbled into a more perfect place.Mmmmm!!  Can't go wrong w/the crepes here.  I had the traditional ham & egg crepe and the banana w/nutella chocolate crepe.  Nothing really stood out here, but crepes are good in general and what I had were solid good crepes like the ones I had in France back then.We stopped by Beau Monde on New Years Day for a late brunch after calling ahead for a table. Upon arrival, It was just a few minutes wait until we were seated.  The dining area is very cozy, elegant, and inviting with a fireplace front and center.  The crepe menu is pretty straightforward - sweet or savory.  For brunch as always, I go for savory, as did my boyfriend.  The menu presents some suggested combinations, as well as a list of ingredients to choose from to create your own crepe. We both decided to create our own crepes, as some of the suggested options were a bit on the pricey side for brunch.  I had the feta, tomato, and creamed spinach and my boyfriend ordered a crepe with ratatouille, tomato and swiss cheese.  The portions were larger than we expected and the crepes quite filling and delicious - both of our ingredient choices worked well.  As is the trouble with create-your-own menus, I could see how it would be possible to create a funky, less than desirable crepe combination. Next time I definitely want to try one of the 'house recommendation' crepes.  If you are looking for something other than a crepe here, I definitely recommend the seared tuna salad.  
Also of note...
- Service was decent
- The bloody marys, while delicious are small
- L'Etage upstairs has decent beer on tap 
One of the more unique brunch experiences in Philly.  I'll definitely return.A lovely atmosphere complete with a wood burning fireplace. We really wanted to like this place. However the coq au vin tasted like it could have come out of a can.  Over cooked stew with mushy veggies and gravy.   The French onion soup was ok, but we have had much better and it was overpriced. We did not try the sweet crepes and perhaps they would be better.   Too bad. I wished it had been better.Did a birthday brunch, got there on a Sunday 11am and was able to put in a reservation for 11:30am. Sat at the bar til then, got a blood orange mamosa. It was good but not $9 good. The waitress was great to point out the popular savory and sweet crepes. I got a side of bacon too, it was 3 slices for $3.. Any crepe is totally worth the $11-$18 and will fill you up. The place was very warm and friendly, saw a bunch of families with toddlers. I will definitely be going back to try more crepes.Went there for Sunday brunch yesterday and sat out on the porch.  The location was great, easy to get too, not too loud.  I ordered a cafe latte which was absolutely delicious. My BF ordered a large orange juice that seemed to be pretty small for a large but it was good.  The apple, almond, caramel, vanilla ice cream crepe was to die for! I would definitely go here for brunch again :)Coq Au Vin...and another all-veggie one...followed by their cherry crepe with creme fraiche.  We shared of course, mmm Food Foreplay.
Great ambiance, was too warm to dine outside.. but we loved it. The only way to improve the place? If this was a BYO!
Perfect food, very savory, and attentive service. Its close to Ghetto South Street sure, but there are other places to visit post-dinner (Chicks, Brauhaus). Check it out, a good night for sure.Ok, I love this place despite the prices and a sprinkle of attitude from the wait staff.  My latest visit was really my first with a toddler and I think that they are not going to go out of their way to make babies/kiddos welcome.  Also, considering the price of lunch (soup and salad) I would expect to be pretty full but wasn't.   
All that being said I would still suggest enjoying a lunch on their well appointed patios.  The enclosure safely enclosed my wandering toddler, the service ended up to be quite pleasant and the sweet potato soup was wonderful.Beau Monde is an excellent place for crepe and drinks. I can't speak to their other offerings but the many crepe fillings are delicious. The restaurant is consistent in delivery of good food. We've eaten at Beau Monde several times. Its a particulary good destination for brunch - just seems to be made for this meal.Beau Monde is an excellent creperie on the edge of the bella vista section of Philadelphia. The food is just as excellent as the location. First, I shared two crepes. Eating them was easy, but the hardest part was finding ingredients that blend well together. My only complaint about this restaurant is that, while there are numerous savory fillings from which to choose, there isn't a great diversity in the type of ingredients work well together. We ordered a crepe with ratatouille and andouille sausage, and a dessert crepe with banana, ice cream and caramel. Both were executed excellently and had wonderful flavors. Beyond that, the space was beautifully arranged and fairly spacious. I would happily go back monthly.extremely overpriced for crepes that don't even compare to some offerings at the various Philly college campuses. 
the food was decent in terms of taste, but that's not really the reason for the bad review. 
i dined here with a couple of folks and our party size was 5. normally for parties of this size, it is NOT customary to include gratuity on the check - this was not the case when i dined here. the server included a 20% gratuity for really mediocre service. ok i get that the economy is bad and you may be getting stiffed more often, but this sort of behavior is unacceptable. party sizes of 5 do not typically get gratuity added, nor is gratuity ever 20% when it does get added (most places leave it at 18%). the random male server (who cares what his name was) must've known his service was pretty bad to add this to the check rather than miss out  - here's a note: maybe if you improved your attitude you would get better tips. 
passCool place and interesting cocktails but this place gets packed. Tables are way to close together and there's very little walking room. Expect to get bumped into and for it to be very, very loud. We ate basically in silence (and very quickly) so we could just get out of there.I did the "Build Your Own Crepe" and got what I wanted. A basic crepe with egg, spinach, cheese and tip cost me around $18. This is a cute place, well lit with candles and a romantic ambiance; however, it runs a bit pricey for the amount of food and quality of crepes you're getting. 
I recommend coming here for dessert only.I so badly wanted this to be a 5 star destination!  The decor reminded me of New Orleans (my hometown) and I had been looking forward to going to Beau Monde ever since my co-worker mentioned it.  So, we went on a nice night and my husband and I sat outside.  It felt so perfect especially after our glass of wine.  I ordered a Ratatouille crepe (thought I'd be different) and he got one with prosciutto.  Both were good.  We opted to share dessert........the Nutella crepe (it is supposed to be with bananas but we got them on the side). FYI...my husband is a Nutella freak.  We haven't been buying it lately because he has  been cutting back and he's known to eat right out of the container until it is gone.  Anyway, so we were really anticipating this dessert crepe. He takes one bite and immediately knows that it is not really Nutella but some other chocolate hazelnut product.  I offered him the rest of my wine to keep him from freaking out on the server (it worked) but I heard about it the whole walk home.  Ok, the fact that it wasn't authentic Nutella I can actually forgive my problem was that it was stingily smeared on the inside and that I cannot forgive.  Bottom line is that for the price Beau Monde can afford to be a little more generous.I came to Beau Monde and got the lunch special which included a french onion soup and my choice of crepe. The crepe itself was really tasty it met all criteria a crepe is supposed to meet; thin and crunchy, however the buckwheat flavor through me off. I understand that the buckwheat crepe is a healthier option than the traditional flour based crepe, but theres nothing better than having savory fillings with a slightly sweet crepe. I have not tried their sweet crepes as yet. I will definitely be back soon.Beau Monde just does everything right. 
If you're looking for a fairly casual but nice brunch, come in the day time where it's bright and laid back. And if you're looking for a great dinner date place that shows a bit of character, taste, and class, BM is still your place. 
Food is fantastic. A step above what you think of when you think "crepe". I suggest getting a savory crepe like Andouille Sausage for your entree and following up by having one of their fantastic sweet crepes.A BRUNCH PLACE THAT TAKES RESERVATIONS!!! I took all of my bridesmaids there to have a brunch so they could all meet each other and it was a big hit. They mostly just serve crepes, which was fun and different although I wish there was more options. It was a beautiful French-inspired atmosphere. :)Staff is nice, however the place is a fancy plate place, we left hungry and it was extremely over priced.I got smoked salmon artichoke hearts with eggs crepes  and it was absolutely delicious. Everyone loved what they ordered and it was not crowded at all for a Saturday morning. Unlike other overly sweet hot chocolate, they use dark chocolate and it was so good that I had to get another cup. Overall very satisfying experience.By far the best crepes I have ever had. I ordered one from the specials menu and it included egg, goat cheese, mushrooms, andouille , and some other deliciousness. I usually have quite a large appetite and I had some trouble trying to finish this thing. Blood Orange Mimosas were also amazing. I would definitely recommend this place to anyone looking for a tasty brunch spot in Philly!What a wonderful experience
Philly seems to have more than its share of French/Belgium eateries which suits me just fine.  I liked that Beau Monde hits all the necessary high notes without any of the drudgery of taking itself too seriously.
The restaurant is wide and spacious with repeating gold panels in a classy Parisian-style pattern.  Plenty of outdoor seating which we declined as they sit at the crux of a busy intersection one block off of South Street.  Plenty of windows and a very friendly waitstaff.
You are coming to this restaurant for savory and sweet crepes.  If you're in the mood for something else plan on asking them to wrap it into a crepe.  Our group had four savory crepes for Sunday brunch.  Each was a mini-masterpiece.  My savory buckwheat crepe was filled with andouille sausage, fresh mushrooms and two fried eggs.  My brother had his made with goat cheese, chicken, leeks, olives, and sun dried tomatoes.  Magnifique!  The sweet apple crepe covered in powdered sugar is how every meal should end. Oh, and terrific coffee.
Overall an excellent experience and very good value.  Great for a lazy Sunday brunch with friends and family.  Afterwards you can go to South Street to take in the spectacle.My mom's favorite girls'-day-out place for lunch. It is a little expensive, but you can't beat the French cafe atmosphere. We both had cheddar, broccoli, and chicken crepes. There was a lunch special in which those crepes came with a house salad or  French onion soup. I asked for the soup of the day, which on the menu is the same price as the onion soup, but they wouldn't substitute the SOTD for the onion soup. Weird, so that was my 1-star-off rating.OH MY GOD THIS PLACE WAS HEAVEN!!!
I'm obsessed with Best Thing I Ever Ate so when we planned a day trip to Philly, I figured we would try this place.  Boyfriend likes crepes, I like anything sweet and tasty so sure why not.
I didn't even know until the show that crepes are not just desserts, you can put "lunch" or "dinner" in a crepe as well!  It took us way too long to decide but we decided on a sweet and savory to split and went with the Ted Allen crepe of mushrooms, swiss cheese and almonds and made our own sweet crepe of cherry compote and dark chocolate.
I could eat chocolate and sweets until the end of time and even though the sweet crepe was awesome, the savory one was to die for.  If I could have one a day, I would!  The balance of the mushroom/mushroom sauce flavoring with the strong swiss cheese taste was fantastic and the almonds gave it this delicious little crunch to balance out the other flavors as well.
Unfortunately I don't remember our waitresses name but she was super cute and sweet and very patient with our indecisiveness!
Oh and beers are about $3.50 a piece and coming from New York, you can't go wrong with that!  The whole meal was super affordable which was also a nice surprise.
Beau Monde - you are on my go to stop whenever I come to Philly!One of the finest, and least expensive, brunches I've ever had.  The bloody marys are tasty as hell too.The first time I was ever at Beau Monde was about 9 years ago and after going the other day I pleased to say that nothing has changed!
My husband and I sat outside on a lovely, warm February afternoon last Friday. We were seated immediately, but my husband wasn't too pleased when he said thank you to the host and host just...what's the word.. grunted? I thought it was no big deal as the looked like they were getting slammed due to the nice weather. 
Our served came out about 5 minutes later and was very sweet. We ordered a pâté platter to begin, I ordered the mixed berry sweet crêpe with crème anglaise and my husband ordered the smoked salmon and braised leek savory crêpe with crème fraiche. I also ordered a glass of pinot grigio.
I think my only half-complaint would be that it took about 10 minutes to bring me my glass of wine. But having said that we were in no rush and it was a BIG glass of wine for only $6.50, just what I needed after my work week. The pâté followed in a timely manner and there were three different kinds served with fresh bread, whole grain mustard, olives and cornichons (gherkins). All were excellent and served at the correct temperature (not too cold yay!). We especially enjoyed the chicken liver mousse and pâté maison, but the duck and pistachio was very good as well. I would like to see the pâtés presented differently though, they were all in loaf form(where oh where in the city can I find rillettes?), but I'm just being nit picky.
Crêpes followed (again thank you to our served who asked in the middle of our pâté if we wanted them now or later. Very nice pick-up as we did not specify this at the beginning.) Well my crêpe  was just bliss... a island of crispy crêpe filled with fresh berries in a small sea of PERFECT crème anglaise. Pro tip: If you do not like a lot of crème anglaise make sure you specify that. I like it the way the serve it (i.e. A LOT) but I could understand how someone could not. My husbands crêpe was wonderful as well, just the perfect amount of saltiness which is sometimes hard to achieve when working with smoked salmon.
All in all, unless there is huge change in the wrong direction, I will always come back.Went for valentines day.  We had a limited menu that had the price jacked up a good 20%.  NOT impressed.  The food was not worth the base price, let alone the added premium.  Will not be back.I always thought having a "Crepe" as a meal was kinda wierd. I just never understood it, so I was iffy coming to this place.
The place very cute and quaint. Staff was super nice and service was great. For dinner you get to choose your own crepe w/whatever meats, sauces, veggies you wanted in it, or you can order on of their specialties. My bf and I split one because we knew we couldnt pass up a dessert crepe after our entrees. We went w/the grilled chicken ratatouille. The dish was great, warm  crepe filled w/chicken and topped w/ratatouille sauce and veggies. Super light but very good.
For dessert we got the warm glazed pear crepe w/nutella and a scoop of vanilla sherbert.... O.M.G! This was to die for!! The pear topped w/a lil bit of ice cream was the perfect combination. We still talk about this crepe til this day. haha
Like the website says, this is a great 2nd date spot.. and no joke, it really is.I went to Beau Monde for a late brunch on a Sunday in Philadelphia, and it was quite busy, but had a wonderful home-y feeling to the decor. The servers were very polite and super attentive to our table in the corner. 
The coffee comes with this very cute porcelain cow which holds the cream. I would order coffee just to play with the cow! It's super cute, and really gave the place a fun and relaxed feel. 
We ordered the fruit and cheese plate for an appetizer, which was beautiful and so good! Albeit slightly pricey at $18. The fruit was cut into very thin slices and arranged into flower shapes. We got 3 different types of cheese, ranging from mild to a sharp cheddar which provided a wide range of tastes. The plate also comes with a nicely warmed baguette. 
For our crepes we ordered 1 sweet and 1 savory crepe. The portion sizes were huge(!) and the food was definitely high quality. The savory crepe was one of their brunch creations - and included salmon, dill and some vegetables. The sweet crepe we created and had nutella, bananas and apples with a nice scoop of ice cream. I felt that my savory crepe was actually a little on the salty side, and given the size of the crepe, had me drinking a lot of water in the process. The sweet crepe was delicious, and the hazelnut ice cream on top was divine. 
Overall a great place, but would ask them to hold the salt on some of the savory crepes! Great atmosphere, and definitely try that fruit and cheese plate! It's one of those dishes that comes out and everyone wants to take a picture of it!This was a pleasant sunny Autumn dAy filled with a tasty blueberry crepe. It was like desert. 
My only beef was that my waitress was wearing cat hair all over her shirt and sweater. Distracting to the point I didn't want her at the table. I have a cat so I understand they shed. But geezzzFor more ten years, whenever close friends and I get together for a special dinner, more often than not, we end up at Beau Monde. The food is always amazing- scallop crepes with seafood sauce and tomatoes is a long time favorite- but it's much more than that. They have a staff that is unmatched, knowledge, friendly, and fun. Last night was no exception. Starting out at the bar for cocktail then moving to a table for dinner it was a cozy and intimate experience. Tough to come by with six people in center city.  Our server, Shawn, was exceptional. Navigating through our chitchat to suggest wine pairings and entrées, our meal was perfection. Finding a place that satisfies both meat eaters and vegetarians is pretty difficult, but Beau Monde is always a success.  If you live in or around the city and enjoy great food in a unique and warm atmosphere, run do not walk to this fantastic place. I guarantee it will become your new  favorite.Without a doubt, my single favorite restaurant in Philadelphia.
As somebody who's spent a decent chunk of my life in Brittany where Beau Monde's savory crepes originated, I was really shocked to find a place in the states - much less right in Philadelphia - that paid enough attention to detail to reproduce them accurately.  The dinner crepes are dark and hearty, the dessert crepes are light and satisfying, and everything on their menu - including their selection of ciders - is delicious.
The service is very fast, and the price is very reasonable given the amount of food you get and how filling it is.  The dining room is fairly dark and things tend to stay rather quiet, even on a busy night, which makes the atmosphere more "romantic" than "energetic."
I tend to stay away from nightly specials, but I haven't been disappointed when I strayed from the menu.  I've been unable to duplicate an extraordinary dinner galette with leeks, proscuitto, and parmesan that they presented on one lucky night.  Their apple cider Manhattan turned me on to a whole new line of drinks.
Highly, highly recommended.My biggest weakness is crepes. 
Stumbled into Beau Monde by chance and will definitely go back if not for the fact that i live in San Francisco!! 
Had their Coq au Vin crepe and it was to die for along with the nutella crepe. 
Must say that the waitress that attended to us was the best i've ever had. She was super attentive, sweet, polite and was willing to do almost anything for us. She was gracious enough to MAKE SURE to split our order into 2 plates even tho the restaurant was crazy busy. (we are small eaters)
Anyway, it was an excellent experience and i can't wait to visit again. Damn you Beau Monde for spoiling me! Care to open one in SF?OMG. I can not say how much I love this place. I have been here 20 times and have never been unhappy with anything. From the big fire going when it's cold outside, to the service and lovely food. It  is a little pricey. But everything is so good they could double the prices and I would return. The servers have obviously been well trained. Although they look a bit alternative, they are the best! They watch and make sure everything is perfect without being annoying. I always leave this restaurant on Cloud 9!!!!Have been going to this place for over 10 years. Great crepes! Unfortunately service has declined. Was there yesterday and was ignored by our waitress for most of the time. Was disappointed as this is my favorite Creperie in the city.I can't get over how fabulous Beau Monde is... Just had a sweet crepe with Cherry Compote, Creme Anglaise, and Vanilla Ice Cream yesterday afternoon, while my friend enjoyed a savory crepe with the Shrimp and Seafood Sauce special. As always, the crepes were mind-blowing.Came here for my 2nd anniversary with my bf for breakfast. The restaurant filled up pretty fast and we were there at opening, so definitely recommend reservations whenever you can. We both ordered off the brunch suggestions and had the smoked salmon and the smoked trout. Starters were the pear salad and french onion soup. Everything was very tasty and the portions are huge. I gave it 4 stars because our server was a bit slower than I would have liked. The prices left a little to be desired. We spent nearly $70 for two for BREAKFAST.LOVE!  I have been coming here for 5+ years and have never had a bad experience.  The food is amazing time after time.  It is actually the first place I take people from out of town and they have all left raving.
The cocktails are incredible and they definitely have the best bloody mary in the city!
100%!A pricey brunch but definitely worth it. We built two of our own, and they were delicious. Two crepes were more than enough, but we didn't want to stop eating because it was so good. You can't go wrong with any of their fillings. Everything tastes fresh and flavorful. The caramelized tomato sauce was my favorite, and I would recommend it on anything. The restaurant itself is a relaxing and classy brunch spot. The neighborhood is peaceful, so sitting outside was relaxing and perfect for a lazy sunday.So, i finally brunched at Beau Monde...and it was delicious.  Showed up with a friend slightly post-prime brunch time (about 1 o'clock) and only had to wait about 10 minutes, which was just fine, as the bar is quite cozy.  Love the space, so charming and very reminiscent of favorite brunch spots in other locales.  I had the salmon with creme fraiche crepe...oh my god, so rich and satisfying.  thus, i am unable to vouch (or de-vouch?) for the sweet crepes as I just couldn't force it. Next time...Still amazing in 2016! Ive actually been coming to this place before the first time I reviewed it and its never changed and has always remained consistent. The food is amazing and the place is immaculately clean.
This time we ordered off the brunch/valentines menu which was a first. I had the BLT with the salad and a french onion soup. My sweetheart had the Croque Madame with the roasted taters and the taters were awesome. Yeah I stole some. Later, we had the apple crepe and it was awesome as usual. 
Waitress was cool and not pushy at all and she was compensated for that.
I will always be back.Gotta love a good crepe. Creperies seem to be a dime a dozen in cities with an artist neighborhood, however when one can do savory crepes right, you have to sit up and take notice.
I had a nice crepe with chicken and a great salsa verde. Try to sit outside if it is nice, they have a raised platform for the outdoor seating area. 
The service is excellent too, they were always coming around to check in on us even though we were outside.
Prices aren't bad but for some of the ingredients I was surprised that they were a dollar or two more than I would have expected, but trust me they are good crepes.I came here for a late brunch yesterday aiming to get an outdoor seat, but alas the wait was too long so we accepted a seat inside.  I was starving.  
After we ordered, our drinks came out in a timely fashion, but I wish I could say the same for our food.  It took over an hour for our crepes to come out.  Our waitress did come over at one point to explain that the kitchen is backed up and asked if we wanted any bread while we waited.  I did appreciate that, but when our food finally did arrive....mine wasn't what I ordered.  I just ate it because I didn't want to wait another hour for a crepe.  At the end of the meal, our waitress didn't apologize for the wait or mention our inconveniences any further.  Plus my coffee was never refilled.  Maybe I'm asking for too much, but I have a pretty high threshold of tolerance for people in the service industry, and this was sub par.  
That being said, the food was good even if it wasn't what I ordered.  I've had dinner here as well ( along time ago, before I started yelping), and that also was very good.  
I would come back since I think the poor service was an isolated situation.  I've already settled that score in the server's tip.  (14%...take that!!)I absolutely love Beau Monde. The crepes are all around lovely, whether they're a meal or dessert. I forget exactly what i had the last time I was here, but it involved cheese and mushrooms and was so savory and delicious. As an appetizer I chose the cheese plate, and was extremely satisfied with that as well. The cheeses were all delicious and different from each other, which is exactly what I was hoping for. To top it off, I had a dessert crepe with chocolate ice cream and berries. While tart, it was not overwhelming. All the portions are huge (at least for my stomach), but that doesn't mean I don't try to stuff it all in!
The atmosphere is quite romantic, and I would assume a great place for a date. It is on the expensive side, but the portions and quality that I've experienced surely makes it worth it.Love , love, LOVE Beau Monde, best crepes ever.  I have been there for brunch a few times and everytime I leave loving it and full.  The combinations can sound a little wierd(Blueberry, egg and maple syrup) but so good.  I wish I could eat there everyday.Incredible food!!  I was very pleasantly surprised by the deliciousness of my food here.  The place, I believe, is full of small tables.  When we went, it was pretty much full and with it being full, somehow the acoustics made it very loud in there.  Not a problem though.  I was hungry when we went and was surprised how filling my dinner crepe was.  Can't wait to go back!Have been here for drinks, brunch, and dinner/dessert  Outstanding every time.  The food is excellent and the service is top notch (Libby is the best!).  The outdoor tables are perfect on a nice day, and the inside dining area is charming, fun, and comfortable.As an avid crepe fan, it's been hard to find a crepe place that comes close to the ones I had in Montmarte last summer. This place definitely is as good as it gets in terms of crepes in Philadelphia, of all places. Depending on how hungry you are, if you're with 1 other person it's possible to share a regular crepe and then a dessert crepe. Most times we come for Sunday Brunch and between the two of us get a breakfast crepe each, and share a dessert crepe (with ice cream, of course). It's also nice that when you're sharing a dish, they cut up the crepe and serve it individually. The service is decent, the waitstaff are all pretty nice but do get rather busy from time to time. Overall though, it's definitely worth a stop for some great crepes.Walked in on a Saturday around 1pm with baby at hand- place was half empty, we wanted to sit and wait inside as we were told patio table would be 15 mins. Hostess (supposedly also the manager) told us she can't run two tabs so we would have to stand outside and wait in the meanwhile half the tables were empty in there...... she did not even think to give us an option to sit without running a tab. too bad someone does not know how to run a business- I would think running two tabs is better than none and I would not let this lady run my restaurant! We were so upset we left to a wonderful French bistro across the street with a yummy brunch menu. I could see that policy make sense when the place is packed but otherwise it is simply dumb to loose clients that way. We used to like this place... won't be there again and don't recommend to anyone expecting decent client service.Very very good brunch spot. We had a party of 5 and only had to wait 10 minutes without a reservation!
I got (and loved) the chicken fricasse with sunny side up eggs and creme fraiche. It was delicious. We also got the sausage, swiss cheese and mushrooms brunch special, and it was great too. The coq au vin and cajun gumbo were good too but if you're brunching, I'd highly recommend the first two. We also got a nutella and strawberry crepe - hard to go wrong there!I was hosting a baby shower in the city and came across creperie beau monde! The decor was beautiful and setting up the event with management was so easy. The food was delicious and the wait staff was on point. Everyone had a wonderful time and I can't wait to come back, especially for the desserts and drinks :)Mmm... beau monde crepes bring back des beau memoirs from school days. A more upscale brunch choice for students, but wonderfully elegant experience - delicate savory and sweet crepes that are fairly authentic. I would recommende splitting one salty and one sweet with your neighbor, as both are unique in their preparation and flavor. 
Top your meal off with a glass of mimosa after your Saturday night and it could be a great way to start Sunday!I hate to be the naysayer, but the crepes I had at my friend's birthday were just not worth the 5 star reviews here, let alone a 3 star review, unfortunately. I had the Mushrooms, Swiss Cheese, and Almonds, and I could barely taste anything but the overwhelming cheese and the bread. We also really got the 'upsell' from the waitress, repeatedly being asked to order dessert and ordering more veggies, etc.  To be honest, I've had crepes that were 1/3 of the price and more delicious and satisfying. Perhaps I just went on an off day, but I didn't enjoy my meal whatsoever.Ate outside, the environnement was great, staff very pro. Good vibes, very charming place. The food was correct not exceptionnel. Enjoy !Let me start off by saying that I'm not crazy about crepes. I get hungry in an hour whenever I eat one. However, I always wanted to try out Beau Monde because everyone has been raging about how good their crepes are, and the Yelp reviews were just so crazy! 
Well..good thing I tried it out for brunch on a Sunday! I had reservations but got there 30mins late b/c it was hard to find parking. We did have to wait 15minutes b/c our table was taken, but it wasn't so bad. The decor at Beau Monde is antique, yet modern too. It's very cozy and beautiful. It can get a little loud because I had 2 tables with a big party singing happy birthday, but I guess this means that Beau Monde is a nice place to celebrate bdays with elegant French food. 
I made my own crepe-Salmon that comes with leek and something, and i added spinach to it. First of all, they will really load it with salmon inside so you'll def get your moneys worth out of it. This crepe definitely filled me up for more than hour! I recommend this combo. I asked for an Americano as well and they were gladly able to make it, even tho it wasn't on the menu.  My friend got crepe with stewed chicken inside (don't know the exact name) and she loved it. When I tried a bite of hers, you will definitely taste the full wine taste from the chicken which is how they make it. My friend got the bloody mary which was also very good and made stronger than some other places. 
Of course we had to get dessert, which we made out own combo. We asked for mixed berries, toasted almonds, and hazelnut icr cream. The mixed berries come out grilled or something because they are warm. We told out waitress we are splitting the crepe, and she brought it out on 2 plates, very clean and clever. 
The bill came out to be expensive for a brunch meal, but it was worth the experience and i will definitely come back for some other tries. It's a great place to come with friends, a date or your family.YUM! Exceeded my expectations. Went with bf before show at TLA and it was definitely an indulgence. We started by sharing the escargot (holy garlic deliciousness!) and the grilled prawn romaine salad (a special for the night). Salad was good but... nothing special. 
We didn't intend to but we split our entrees as I enjoyed his coq au vin crepe more than my grilled garlic with leeks, goat cheese, and lemon. And Vice Versa for his crepe.  Both were delicious but I just preferred the taste of the coq au vin-by the end I didn't even eat the crepe, just scooped out the insides. The goat cheese in my crepe made the crepe extra special. 
We finished by sharing the Nutella and Banana Crepe with Hazlenut icecream. If I had to get one thing again or recommend one item, it would be this crepe. 
We sat outside and got the view of the South St. shenanigans and people cruising around either for fun or for parking. However, it was very intimate and definetely a great date spot. Friendly service. A little pricey but we left feeling full and happy- which is all that matters.This is my go to for brunch when I don't want a wait. Because, yes, there are a ton of fantastic brunch places in Philly. But when I'm hungry, I'm rarely up for an hour wait. 
Beau Monde's crepes are inventive and absolutely delicious. I've have both sweet and savory, and have loved them all. The crepes are large enough to really fill you up, or can even be split if you get a side as well.
Seriously. Try this place out.Fantastic. Lovely room and decor, great, friendly service, amazing crepes. The tomato/feta/olive/spinach crepe was superb; for dessert, the chestnut butter crepe with maple was stunning.Does anyone remember that episode of Friends where Joey was at that girl's apartment and he realized that he'd been there before?  And then he got kind of offended that the girl didn't remember having sex with him?  And then he realized that he'd actually had sex with her roommate?
Okay, well that happened to me this weekend, dear yelpers.  Except the sex part was replaced with eating/drinking and the girl roommates were replaced with L'Etage and Beau Monde.  
Many years ago, I visited a friend Philadelphia for her birthday and she threw herself a raucous party at L'Etage.  And I loved it there.  Then last weekend I was back in Philadelphia visiting another friend and we went to Beau Monde for brunch.  Guess what?  I loved it there, too.  Turns out that Beau Monde is the sexy, French sister of L'Etage, serving up some seriously tasty crepes.  And I don't even like crepes that much!  But damn, I had one with smoked trout, roasted leeks, and creamed spinach and it was so good, so indulgent.  Although I found the place to be a tad noisy, I kind of loved it and I'd highly recommend it for a tasty brunch.  
My story ends as we're walking out of the restaurant and I see the L'Etage sign on the window above Beau Monde and I said out loud, "Now I remember... I tapped that ass once before."
Thanks for the material, Joey Tribiani.Awesome crepe restaurant.  The restaurant is very open and cozy (especially when there's a fireplace smack in the middle of the place).  I went during the cold, 36 degree weekend and me and my party were seated right next to the fireplace.  It's the little things.  The service was good and quick.  The presentation of the food is really good.  You can tell detail is important here.  Even the cup of milk/cream for the coffee is interesting - instead of a normal cup, it was brought in a cup that's shaped as a cougar.  Made me go "Huh".  I like that.
They have tons of different options for your crepes.  I ended up building my own: ham, goat cheese, and scrambled eggs.  It was really delicious.  The crepe was packed just right and was a decently-sized portion.  I ordered a side of crispy, awesome bacon and this breakfast was complete.  Coffee was good, too.
Next time I'm in Philly, I'll be back at Beau Monde for sure.The pluses: You can always get a table;  there's a huge wait-staff so you can always flag someone down; decent brunch; the crepes are good.
The negatives: the service is hit or miss depite the massive staff; the wine and spirits have a 300% markup; the specials run double the regular menu items;  and, they'll automatically add a 20% tip to the bill for a party of five.
Conclusion: The place is empty on a Saturday night due to the pricey but average food and hit or miss service. Avoid.I don't like crepes but some friends wanted to meet up here for dinner. The only times I've had crepes were from cheap eateries/carts in Europe and those tainted my tasted buds. The crepe "skin" always had some sour/strange flavor I can't describe.
The food menu was a bit overwhelming as it was similar to "build a crepe" with recommendations on the bottom. One side listed "Savory" or "salty" crepes made with buckwheat and the other, their sweet crepes made with wheat.  I browsed the wine list because the menu was bumming me out. The bottles of wine here are fairly priced, most of them in the $40 range. The ambience and décor was nice: dim lighting, wooden floors, light music, full bar, the sound of flowing conversations and a mini tree on every table (yes, tree). 
For the appetizer we got the escargot: 6 little snails drenched in toasted garlic and oil. Once you're done with the escargot, the garlic oil is great to use as a dip for the bread. 
By recommendation of the waitress, I got a buckwheat crepe with roasted vegetables, goat cheese, tomato sauce and chicken. The crepes were huge, probably enough for two. It was crispy on the outside and flavorful on the inside. No strange flavors I couldn't describe. One friend dived right into a sweet/dessert crepe as her dinner: Nutella, chocolate and coconut sorbet. My friends were all deep in conversation and my mind was fading between them and my quest to conquer the biggest and best crepe I've ever had. I have a one track mind.Had late lunch at CBM 12/16/17 based on recommendation by Alton Brown of the Food Network.  OMG... amazing crepes!   Had the Grilled Chicken Breast, Leeks, Olives, Goat Cheese & Lemon Butter crepe, the Chicken Fricassee crepe from the brunch menu, and the Banana, Nutella & Hazelnut Gelato crepe for dessert.  Would get all three again, but also would like to try everything else on the menu.  We had not had crepes in many years, and used to make them ourselves.  Believe we're going to dust off our crepe pan and make them again after being inspired by CBM and their creativity.There's no need for a lengthy review here-so yummy you must try!
my favorite is the mushroom/almond/swiss crepe. And any of the dessert crepes are amazing. A little pricey but it's a one of a kind place.Amazeballs!!! 
Stumbled upon this place looking for a lunch spot before I catch my flight home. Lo and behold I used yelp and this place had great reviews. 
We got a seats outside since the weather was nice out and what better way to spend the afternoon than amazing food while people watching.
The menu was pretty extensive on choices for crepes from more the salty side vs sweet like dessert kind.  I opted for the scallops crepe and added spinach.  It was pure heaven!!! Yummmmm!!! Obviously the size of the crepe was pretty big and my lil ass couldn't finish it.  I def had left overs to take home.
Lunch wouldn't be complete with out dessert! duhhhhhh.  We went with the most popular of banana and nutella w ice cream crepe!
IT WAS HUGEEE AND def a size portion you should split with a friend!!! 
You cant go wrong! Check this place out :)My favorite part of Beau Monde is when I eat the crepe.Beau Monde is a neighborhood treasure. It's pretty and polished enough for romantic dates, welcoming enough for big families and out-of-town friends, casual enough for (well-behaved) children to develop their Fancy Restaurant manners or just relax with a sippy cup and placemat crayons while the adults have brunch. The food is perfectly pitched to be sophisticated enough for foodies but approachable enough that it shouldn't intimidate conservative eaters and people who are new to upscale dining (college-age me would have found this place a godsend as I was trying to learn the unspoken rules of "city dining").
The cheese plate exemplifies Beau Monde's approach. You get a selection of three cheeses, all thoughtfully chosen and well balanced, but generally pretty affordable and approachable. They're plated with artistically cut pears and apples, a scattering of grapes and dried cranberries, and a quality basic baguette. The presentation is pretty and sophisticated, but the substance isn't too challenging or intimidating (no black garlic honey or truffle-lavender pate here!).
Every neighborhood should be so lucky as to have a gem like Beau Monde. This isn't ultra-swanky or cutting-edge fine dining, and it's not trying to be. What it's going for -- and what it does perfectly -- is to provide a comfortable but classy place where you can have a low-key dinner with friends, bring your parents who adamantly don't like "fancy stuff" along with your in-laws who just as adamantly *do,* or try out a first date when you're not quite sure what to expect and want to have all your bases covered. For all those things, Beau Monde is a stellar choice.Food was good. Especially the dessert crepes. The service was HORRIBLE!  There was 6 of us. It took over 2.5 hours to eat.  On top of it all because there were 6 of us we were automatically charged gratuity. The worst part about it was that she chrage 60% gratuity. WE overpaid, she did refund some of our money back, but definately not enough. My advice is be careful with your check.A very awesome spot, we got great seats (hard to do for large parties), the ambiance was great and the food was delicious. 
Definitely a spot to try if you have never been there.Pricey but worth it! Tried several of sweet and savory crepes and all were delicious! Especially the ratatouille!Horrible service by Brittany. Plates were mixed up, she forgot to bring some orders, we had to wait a long time for our orders to be taken, and the place was empty! It was great food but we definitely left not happy at all.This place was delicious! First time that I've tried a savory crepe and loved it! I also loved the cheese sampling with fruit appetizer. The appetizer was served with 3 types of cheeses and as well with sliced up pear, apple, strawberries and grapes. 
Before coming here, I wasn't fond of savory crepes but this restaurant changed my mind. I got the duck crepe entrée, and it was amazing. It turned my crepe world around. The service here was also friendly, when they forgot to add the egg to his crepe, they came back and give him 2 eggs instead of 1!
After coming here, I'm more open to trying savory crepes. I'm not surprised at all by all the good experiences here. Definitely drop by if you are in the area. This place is great for a night out or a date.Came here for the first time with my mom and 13 year old sister. They've been here before and they said i need to come immediately (my mom apparently comes to eat here 4x a month!) 
So anyways..... our waitress was Lynnea and she was super nice, awesome and hospitable! And gave great suggestions and made everything sound so tasty. And everything was absolutely delicious!
The ambiance is quaint and cute and i highly recommend coming here for brunch. SOOOOOOO many crepe options it's overwhelming but in a good way, and if you a good server (like Lynnea) then you are guided through and it's a treat!I met with a friend one Saturday morning (I think it was in late October) for us to have brunch here. The hostess had such relaxed behavior when I met her at the door. Our waiter also had an amiable attitude, and he never took too long to answer us if we called him. Overall, we had very satisfactory service. The ambience in this restaurant too definitely added to our experience. The colors can definitely calm down any tense guest. Also, we had a window seat, so the sun shone on us while eating (I love sunlight).
I must agree with the other positive reviews about the quality of the crepes here. My friend and I found our crepes just most scrumptious. I usually inhale my food for some reason. When our crepes arrived though, the beautiful presentation plus the divine aroma of our meals forced me to slam on the brakes and make sure I enjoyed my meal. Our meals were absolutely perfect (you know the food tastes great when conversation turns limited). At the end, my friend ordered a hot fudge sundae for dessert (I know, a bit early, but who cares?). I tried a spoonful, and it tasted the way a classic sundae should.
As my birthday approaches rapidly, I need to consider locations to eat. I definitely would not mind coming here with a small group to celebrate.The Crepe I had was DELICIOUS- and not too filling like most brunch places are.  It had poached eggs, tomatos, onions, peppers, maybe some cheese inside, and a big blob of guacamole on top.  Sounds a little odd, perhaps, but it was really tasty.  
Our one complaint was the waitress wasn't too attentive... long periods of leaving us alone.  But, we weren't in a hurry so it wasn't that big of a deal.  
Bonus points because you can drink here... bring on the Mimosas and Bloody Marys.Best onion soup ever! We ordered three different kind of crepes, the result? Amazing!!! This place has a cozy ambience that invites you to take your moment and enjoy your meal slowly. Great service by the way, and they really enjoy working here. We will come back for sure!Excellent crepes!   Reminds me of when I lived in France.    Close to a great antique shop and a pay parking lot is just one block down the street.I had the grilled vegetable crepe and on a rating from 1 to 10 I would give it a 6.  I had never had crepes served in that style before so it was a new experience.  If I visit again I would add a few extras in the crepe to layer more flavors. 
   The coffee was fantastic.  The ceramic container for the milk to pour into your coffee was a white porcelain cow and the milk poured from a tiny hole in his mouth.  A fabulous item to have on the table as a conversation piece.  
  My friends had the snails and they seemed pleased.  They compared the texture to a mushroom, however they did not comment on the taste. 
  I loved the interior decoration for its romantic style.       It was a bit noisy so anyone who likes a quiet dinner would not be happy there.  I went during the evening hours so maybe it would be a little less noisy during brunch.This place deserves an amazing review. Anyone who thinks to make crepes as delicious as these is a genius!
Savory or sweet- it's your choice. My grandma came here with me and he a huge sweet tooth so she had chocolate filled with coffee ice cream topping! I had one with goat cheese and braised pears!
I literally went back and forth from one to another to yet another combination! I can not wait to go back here!
Brunch, lunch, dinner- anytime!
This would be a great place to take a girl on a date- you'll look like you have amazing taste and are creative. Impressive to say the least!This is the best creperie in Philly. Although on the pricey side, it is well worth it. Your taste buds will thank you. Complex flavors, masterpiece crepes, whether you go savory or sweet, delicious. 
I went in the early fall, and it was perfect weather for enjoying crepes in outdoor seating during lunch. I would definitely go back for special occasions, first dates, etc.Words cannot describe how absolutely perfect these crepes are! Probably the best you will get outside of France. Everytime I am in Philly I must stop in this place. The savory crepes are very good as well as their dessert crepes. In-fact they're so damn good I don't mind dropping almost 20 bucks for just one!
Do make it a priority to eat in this place immediately.This place is magical.
Last Sunday i came here twice, firstly for a post brunch happy hour with a coworker and secondly for a late supper avec mon petit ami. 
My little post brunch happy hour was a really nice way to calm down from a hectic shift. (je suis une serveuse) I started with a delicious gin bloody mary crafted by a wonderfully chill Libby at the bar. After sipping on that spicy concoction i moved onto a kir royale and to finish my own personal happy hour off with a snifter of Grand Marnier to accompany my flambeed Gran Marnier crepe with house whipped cream. Did i mention it was flambeed at the bar? Pretty cool for a pyro like me, my only wish is that Libby would have let me do it :)  
My second trip was with the bf after the sun dipped below the horizon. He was in somewhat of a crabby mood and i thought I'd take him for some crepes. He'd never been inside nor had a crepe in his life. Whaat? He really liked the decor; I'm also a fan but as a somewhat seasoned Beau- Monder seeing it through the eyes of a Beau Monde virgin is always nice. From the velvet curtains when you first walk in to the beautiful gold leaf wall panels to the warm, crackly fire this place is sexy at night. Yet comfy. like your favorite sleepwear. and that's a total compliment.   
Anyway, our server was very helpful, didn't mind doing plate shares for the salad we ordered (with delicious grilled pear and decadent bleu fromage!) or for our crepe (which was still beautifully plated and practically garnished).  
I really don't know how to conclude this review other than a contented sigh at the memory of last Sunday. 
Ahhhhhhh...This has become a regular spot every time I visit philly. I almost couldn't resist coming here twice in one weekend AGAIN. My absolute favorites would definitely be butter&sugar or just plain nutella. One of those plus a side of potatoes and bacon and VOILA. The perfect breakfast. So simple and delicious!Now, I enjoy a crepe. Who doesn't? But I seriously didn't know what I was in for. Beau Monde take crepes to another level. It's like crepes on crack. Just simply crack crepes. 
Though the menu offered a number of amazing brunch crepe options, when I heard the brunch special, I had to do the dew.
Some sort of pulled pork w/ chipotle and cotilla combo. EFFING FANTASTIC. Filling and delicious beyond imagination.
And yet, everyone else's crepes were equally bad-ass. Seriously. Who the hell knew?I was really excited about Beau Monde, as it came highly recommended.  However, I was disappointed the moment I walked in as the hostess was unfriendly.  I don't think she even smiled or greeted us properly.  I tried to be open-minded and not be too quick to let that set the tone for the rest of my meal.  But it also took a while for someone to come and take our order.  The check also took a while.  It wasn't even that busy.  Late Sunday afternoon.  I expected much better.  It felt like the staff was being negligent.  The only good thing I have to say is that the crepe I had was okay and the decor was nice.I took my girlfreind here for her birthday; she's a huge fan of anything French, particularly the cabaret. Unfortunately we went on a night when there were no performances, but we still checked out the upstairs venue. 
We had a reservation and arrived a few minutes early. After being seated, we asked for another minute to review the menu before selecting what we wanted to order. Our waitress didn't return for another 10 minutes, but we were busy talking and taking in the atmosphere. 
We ordered Chicken Satay as an appetizer, which was delicious. We also had some drinks, which were priced reasonably, considering the area! My lady friend ordered the Coq Au vin while I ordered the Beef Bourguignon, we shared all the items. The crepes were delicious, the beef tasted as if it had been slow cooked, it was very tender, and with delicious sauces in both crepes. I think I liked the Coq Au Vin more though, the chicken was scrumptious. We both agreed it was a great meal, very nice interior decor, and good staff service. 
The only downside to this visit at Beau Monde was that both myself and my girlfriend became very sick later on in the night. Our stomachs did not handle whatever it was we ate. We had a long day prior to eating here, and I typically fast during the entire day, so this dinner was actually the first thing I had eaten that day. Prior to both of us getting sick, we were talking about returning to Beau Monde soon, but after the incident, we are unsure. 
It could have been one of the meats we ate was rare, meaning both lightly cooked and not a common occurrence. I will likely return to give Beau Monde another chance.A great reason to visit Philly!
We're from Baltimore and we would make the 2 hour drive just to have crepes at Beau Monde when we were craving them...they really are THAT good. 
You have to have one savory crepe and one sweet crepe.  But you have to prepare for it because they are very large portions.  The Grand Marinier Crepe is one of my favorite sweet crepes.
The prices are very reasonable and it is very convenient to South Street. So after you have stuffed yourself with crepes, you can walk it off shopping.The crepes here are so delicious! I personally tried three:
Savory crepe:
Coq Au Vin, Swiss cheese, herb butter: Pretty good and hearty
Sweet crepes:
Nutella, Banana, and Hazelnut Ice Cream: My favorite! I mean how can you go wrong with Nutella.
White Chocolate, Dulce de Leche, and Toasted Almonds: My friend's creation, and very sweet. But still yummy.
I'll be back!Best Crepes I've ever had. I'm all about sweet crepes and love Banana Nutella crepes (I add strawberries). Coffee is good. I can't say much about the rest of the menu since I don't like to stray from perfection. I've heard good things about the dessert menu though I go there for breakfast and the sweet crepe is enough "dessert" for me in the morning so I haven't tried it yet but I plan to!Beau Monde was my first love in Philly. I've been going there since I was a sophomore in high school. Ten years later, they still have the best crepes I've had outside of France. Unfortunately they still also have the most inattentive service I've ever experienced...
Beau Monde has a great selection of both sweet and savory crepes. I can never pick between the two, so I usually split one of each with a friend. Their buckwheat batter is unlike any other crepe place. They crisp it up really nicely and it has a nutty flavor that goes well with both sweet and savory fillings. There's a good amount of House Recommendations, but if you don't like any of those combinations, you can make your own, which is what I typically do. I'm a fan of their ratatouille filling, although it was a bit heavy on rosemary last time. 
The prices at Beau Monde ($10-$25 per crepe, depending on the types of ingredients) may seem high compared to other crepe trucks or small creperies, but the price is worth the quantity of food they serve. I can never finish my entire crepe because of how filling it is. 
I recently took two of my friends, who were visiting Philly, to brunch at Beau Monde. I was expecting a good hour wait given that it was prime brunch time on a Sunday, but to my surprise the restaurant was practically empty! My friends were very pleased with the food. The service, not so much. But what matters is, now, whenever they go to another creperie, they long for Beau Monde. 
During this last visit, I noticed that the interior at Beau Monde looks like a has-been. The once glamorous wallpaper, accented with gold hand-painted flowers, is fading; the velvet curtains are starting to look patchy. It feels like the owners have really let go.
The crepes at Beau Monde definitely deserve 5 stars, but the service and the decor need a revamp desperately. I would recommend going here if you have a large group because the space is huge compared to many others in Philly, and apparently it's not popular as it once was.Beau Monde has delicious Crepes, beautiful salads, and this wonderful little "Summer in Paris" cocktail that I love. It really is overpriced, though. The food, however, is consistently great, and the atmosphere and decor are divine.Dessert/ Drinks: 4.0 stars
We went to Beau Monde for drinks and dessert.  We had a classic crepe-- Nutella + Bananas + Hazelnut Ice Cream.  If you aren't a regular 'crepe eater', I would highly recommend starting with this dessert.  It'll have you coming back for more.  I look forward to trying Beau Monde for dinner soon.
As far as drinks-- I am a huge fan of 'Dark and Stormy'(s) [Rum and Ginger Beer].  Their Dark and Stormy was on point.  The Blueberry Mojito was fantastic too.
Location: 3.0 stars
In a good little spot but a little off the beaten path at 6th and Bainbridge.
Service: 4.0 stars
Price: 3.5 stars
Ambiance: 4.0 stars
A very well decorated and classically french style restaurant.  With L'Etage upstairs, you get a great night in one spot.
Overall: 4.0 stars
Definitely recommend going to Beau Monde for a pre-party and then up to L'Etage [Lounge with dance floor and more good drinks].  I'm excited to try Beau Monde for dinner or lunch on a sunny day.French bistro across the street wasnt open yet,  so we came here for an early dinner. So glad we did!  Outstanding quality dinner plus the desert and service were excellent! Warning - the crepes are huge!Great bfast spot in a super location.  Avoid all the Rittenhouse attitude.  Crepes + bloody Maries.  Done.  Way recommended.We've been here a few times and we have never been disappointed with their food. I loved the sausage and Ratatouille Crepe, simply delicious. The desert crepe was mouth-watering as well.
Lunch during the weekdays is a great value. You get an appetizer and a full-size crepe for a lower price than a normal crepe during the weekend.The first time I ever went to Beau Monde was over a year ago and I immediately fell in love! The metallic wall paper and overall french like feel that they're trying to create definitely works! I went back last night and it was just as delicious as I remembered. I ordered the chicken, spinach, and cheese crepe and the nutella, banana, and ice cream crepe for dessert. I felt like I was in heaven eating both! The only down fall is that if you want to create your own crepe you have to be tactful (if you're on a budget) or willing to splurge because each individual item is an additional cost added onto the base cost of $2.50. I figure that at some point in my life I'll go back and get some scallops thrown in there, which I believe is an extra $12.00 but I'm just no ready to shell out the big bucks on a crepe yet. The service is great and they definitely are on their A game without being overbearing. Beau Monde is definitely a great spot for crepe lovers!The food was great! The menu has lots to choose from. Wish I had the money & time to try everything.I. Love. Beau Monde! Never before have I experienced such delicious savory and sweet items in the same restaurant and I will continue to come here for years to come. The Beef Bourguignon really melts in your mouth and the Coq Au Vin was fantastic as well. The Ratatouille with Andouille Sausage just tastes like pizza; the Smoked Salmon is my favorite by far. I highly recommend the Spinach and Arugula salad for those of you who would like an abundance of beets (yum!). And for dessert, try the Banana and Nutella crepe with Hazelnut Ice Cream. It is fabulous.Great filled Breton creeps make for a first class brunch. Pretty good Bloody Mary's as wellDelicious smoked salmon crepe with poached eggs for brunch!  The coffee was delicious and we sat for awhile and didn't feel rushed!Beau Monde definitely lived up to its hype and our expectations. Excellent selection of savoury and sweet crepes - the biggest issue we had was not being able to sample everything that was offered!
I had the mushrooms, swiss cheese and scrambled egg crepe. The mushrooms + mushroom sauce was ah-amazing. My friends had the chicken and creamed spinach crepe, and the lemon curd and mixed berries crepes. All the crepes were cooked just right, soft and flavorful. While the price may seem more than usual for crepes, Beau Monde's crepes are just such wonderful value-for-money treats that the prices were completely worth it.
Excellent, excellent crepes - two very enthusiastic thumbs ups!I came here for lunch just because it had outdoor seating and I could keep an eye on my bike. I will go back for dinner because I really enjoyed the food and service. There are two types of crepes - savory and sweet. The savory crepes are made of buckwheat and the sweet ones are made of wheat. I had one of each at lunch even though I was full after my first (savory) crepe and had a long ride ahead of me. Beau Monde offers a savory and sweet crepe in every price range, from reasonable (6 bucks) to ridiculous (20 bucks). The crepes come out square, which was interesting, and scrumptious. What arrives on the plate from the waiter looks underwhelming, but one bite opens up the delight on the inside. The only downside is how hard the crepes are to share because they're so floppy and creamy. And, speaking of creamy, Beau Monde uses real Chantilly creme on their sweets. Just dreamy!Amazing. Had the savory egg and ham crepe with tomatoes, and my bf had the banana Nutella crepe. Big portions and delicious. Parking was also pretty easy to find.The breakfast menu doesn't have the most variety but it is very good. It's such a cute place and the crepes are delicious. 
They also have awesome events above the dine in.Ooo la la!
Lots of tasty crepes for both dinner and dessert! I don't think anyone in our party of 11 had the same thing, and everyone loved their choice!
I ordered one thing for dessert and got another. So sad. I tell the waitress, she whisks away my wrong order. I excuse myself from the table to use the restroom. Upon my return, there's my new (and very delicious, very correct) strawberry and nutella crepe waiting for me!
Sure it's a little on the pricey side, but it's not unreasonable and it's fun to splurge every now and then...especially on a special occasion.Very adorable looking brunch joint from the outside, however the decor lacked a little on the inside.  The waiters and waitresses were also dressed as french servers, which put a nice little flair to the restaurant.  Yet the restaurant felt like it was trying too hard to be a cute french cafe.  
I had the Smoked Salmon and Artichoke Crepe which was pretty good.  Can't say smoked salmon and artichokes are the best of combinations, but I certainly enjoyed it.  Perhaps next time I'll try a savory crepe.  
Prices were a bit steep for my typical brunch.  The crepe alone was $17, which would be acceptable for New York, but Philly?  And this crepe was on the more reasonable side of the menu...$26 dollars for a crepe only to get pizza afterwards since it wasn't filling. Won't be doing that again.Great place. I have dined here several times and I love more and more. I always start with their French onion soup and move on to the crepes. And finish up with an amazing desert crepe. The staff is friendly and always on top of your needs.Honestly this place deserves 3 stars but its just not my style. I am sorry but I need more then crepes. I ordered the cajun crepe and it wasn't good at all, it wasn't bad just blah. I did share a banana and nutella crepe that was good but i still wasn't satisfied. There beer list was disapointing also. Once again its not my thing, i need more.I went here with two friends of mine.  I had a special savory crepe that had smoked salmon and some other stuff in it.  I wasn't really thrilled with the taste of it.  The crepe tasted a bit burned and I couldn't really taste the salmon for the rest of the stuff in there.  The lemon curd dessert crepe was a little burnt as well.I loved this restaurant so much after having dinner there I returned the next day for lunch. The atmosphere is very baroque and arty with good music. The food was awesome. I had a braised duck breast salad for dinner.  My boyfriend had the Seafood crepe and we shared the coconut ice cream and honey on a dessert crepe. 
If you're looking for a nice place to take a date I would recommend Beaumonde's. Their service was great and the wait staff change your silverware and napkins each time you get a dish. 
Another reason why I like this restaurant is because of it's location. My boyfriend and I wanted to get away from the busy and crowded restaurants on South street so we wandered into the neighborhood streets and there was this elegant restaurant with little lights and a more appealing crowd of patrons so we decided to give it a try. We loved it!Charming bistro like restaurant with outdoor seating and a full bar. The crepes are on the pricey side but are well prepared with fresh ingredients. The only issue I had, besides the high price, was the roasted leeks I had in my crepe. They weren't roasted at all but sautéed. The minor flaws aside, Beau Monde is a perfect spot for Sunday brunch.Food: 4.5
Decor: 4.5
Ambiance: 4.5
Service: 3.5
Value: 4
One of the best and most unique dining experiences in the city. Love the atmosphere of this place, and the crepes are top notch, with a ton of variety available. Will return again and again.My mom and I are huge fans of Alton Brown. We also love dessert crepes. 
2 days before our trip to Philadelphia, I was watching "The Best Thing I Ever Ate: Under Wraps" and Alton's pick was the crepes from Beau Monde. -- It was a sign!
I took my mom here for brunch on Mother's Day. The bistro has a vintage feel; it was lovely and perfect for the occasion.
HIGHLIGHTS & NOTES:
1) If you like pate, get the Pate Plate! It's 3 types of pates (black truffle mousse, duck l'orange & pate de campagne) served with various types of olives and sliced french bread. Each pate was deliciously rich and each kept their own distinct flavor and texture. I LOVED this and would come back again for it!
2) You can't go wrong with any of the dessert crepes, but skip the Chestnut Cream topping. It costs $2.75 and was barely there and didn't taste like anything! Disappointment!
3) My mom caught a glimpse into the kitchen and saw that the french bread was purchased from Whole Foods! Eep!Pricey for a crepe, but I feel that you're also paying for a great ambiance. Romantic, but not too fancy that you feel obligated to come dressed up. I got the smoked trout, leek, and creme fraiche crepe, and it was by far the most luxurious combination of ingredients (kind of like an upgrade to the smoked salmon and cream cheese combo). They also use actual buckwheat, which I like, because it gives the crepe a crisp, nutty flavor.Have been a repeat patron for the last five years or more.  The atmosphere is great, the food is even better, and it's definitely a place I would and do recommend for different types of occasions.  During my most recent visit, the only (literally) downside was the amount of time it took for the staff to take my party's order.  The wait for service, however, was not lacking.Excellent service, cozy ambiance, and delicious crepes (although slightly overpriced). Good place for a date, or a meal with close friends. Intimate atmosphere. I will definitely be going back!!I need to tell this story to put my review into context. When I was in high school, I campaigned to (successfully) become President of French Club. Mind you, I took Spanish and knew not a word of French. But I wanted to use our resources to come to the city every year for dinner at Beau Monde. And it was always fantastic.
Fast forward almost ten (cringe) years later, and the fire in my heart still burns ferociously. Beau Monde may actually be my favorite brunch spot (I'm not crazy about most breakfast foods, so I prefer something a bit unconventional). And I'll tell you my secret on the economical way to do it! Go with one other person. Split a brunch crepe (or dinner crepe, if it's that time of day). Split a dessert crepe. Definitely have some coffee, because the cow cream dispensers are the CUTEST objects of all time. You will be so full, so happy, and have a bill of $40-50. You are welcome. Now go forward Y COME SUS CREPES!! (I never learned a word of French.)This place is off the chain!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! If you got a big apetite or an itybity one it don't make not matter folks! You just walk on in the door od Beau Monde and the friendly waiting staff'll take good care of ya! They got a full bar, and they got crepes! Big as texas they are! My advice would be to order the preset one's but you can also create your own. Give it a try and see what happens! (most likely magic)Crepes are consistently good. They help steer you in the right direction when making your own. Had issue with our reservations, made on open table. Hostest implied I was lying about having a reservation. Eventually we were seated, but it made for an awkard 5 minutes.I've been to Beau Monde numerous times and I have never been disappointed. I finally made it for brunch this past weekend, only to have my feelings about this place solidified. 
In my opinion, I'd put this on the list of top 10 date restaurants in Philly. I've had quite a few first dates there and despite the difference in feelings on my suitor, the romantic vibe of this place never changes. Be warmed now, the lights are very dim so bring your glasses. 
I've never had a disappointing meal. EVER. The one time I ventured out of my crepe comfort zone and got a salad (made with cacti!), I loved every last bite of it. You can't go wrong, sweet or savory. This past Sunday, I couldn't decide between the two, so my friend ordered the blueberry and scrambled egg crepe (we thought it was odd at first) and I ordered the salmon and artichoke with poached egg. The sweet crepe was great, despite our hesitation to order it. It tasted like french toast. The savory crepe was awesome as well, I was very generous with the side of bernaise sauce that accompanied it. Oh, and do yourself a favor (if you're a coffee lover), get a cappuccino. Your visit will be complete. I also saw a lot of people ordering bloody mary's, as much as I wanted to try one, I was with a friend who just announced her pregnancy so I felt it'd be like rubbing bacon in a newly vegan face (assuming everyone loves bacon as much as I do). However, next brunch I'm on it!Typically come here for cocktails so can't comment on the food. The bar however is elegant and refined, in fact, the entire restaurant is very sophisticated.  Sage paint with gold accents, white marble tile floor, vintage overhead lamps - stylish setting. Small bar tucked in the corner seats maybe 8-10 and if you can secure a seat by the window, you can enjoy a somewhat secluded private space. Usually stick with the classics Martinis, Manhattans and there's a buzz that keeps things lively - and the room provides an elegant backdrop.  Always enjoy coming here.My first time trying a savory crêpe.  I started with a simple salad, just greens and a mustard vinaigrette dressing, the dressing was very good.  My life partner started with the beau monde pizza.  The pizza was a crispy crêpe with tomato, spinach leeks and cheese.  It was tasty, the crêpe made for a good thin crust.  
For dinner I had the andouille sausage, ratatouille and caramelized tomato sauce crêpe.  It was delicious, but I was jealous of my friend's crêpe what had egg in it.  I think next time I would order the same crêpe, but substitute the tomato sauce for egg.  
I also tried the bananas, toasted coconut, dulce de leche & coconut sorbet sweet crêpe.  Bananas and crêpes are made for one another, and this was no exception, the warm bananas and cold sweet sorbet was melted together into a gooey, delicious mess. 
I do wish they offered french press coffee here.  The coffee was good, but this is just the place to pour your own dark roast.
As others have said, this would make a great date spot, as it is dark and intimate.  The place is generally quiet as well.i really wanted to love this place, i really tried, even to justify it in my head. but it was just okay.
so i started with the butternut squash soup which set high expectations for the crepes that me and my friend ordered. it was steaming hot (crucial), creamy but not overwhelmingly so, and perfectly delicious.
we then waited quite awhile for our crepes, which eventually arrived at our table lukewarm at best. i had a nutella and banana crepe which was good, but a little heavy on the nutella. my friend ordered a brunch crepe (i think it was mushroom sausage cheese and a fried egg, the first one on the brunch menu) that was perplexing. i think it wouldve been much better if hot.
i guess the biggest problem we had was that it was damn EXPENSIVE for crepes. a $20 crepe should verge on orgasmic, and we were less than impressed. the soup was really nice and the coffee was awesome, but that didnt really make up for it. this place is supposed to be a creperie, no?
also.. my friend told me to point this out: zombie waitresses?Have been here many times and recommended it to many friends.  Has reservations for lunch today with my family to celebrate a graduation.  Got there early but the doors were open so we went in.  Rudely greeted at the front door but that was not the problem.  THEY WERE PAINTING THE WINDOW FRAMES.  THE SMELL WAS HORRIBLE - ACTUALLY CHOCKING.  Made a comment and the hostess said Oh we are painting all the windows -  My reservations were made thru Open Table days ago.  This was not a great situation and an impossible situation.  WE went across the street to the bar on the corner.  It even smelled a little in there.  Did i mention that our party contained two young boys who were looking forward to "pancakes"  
Called the Health department - hoped they shut them downLike others have said, def split a savory and a sweet crepe with someone. I really liked the ratatouille and sausage crepe. The atmosphere is great and menu has plenty of options. It's about $15 for some of the cheaper crepes but some are like $24 or a little higher. But the food is simply delightful!I made the mistake of getting the most basic brunch special (eggs sunny side up, mushrooms, andouille sausage and loootssss of cheese). Everything was cooked perfectly, especially the mushrooms -- they had just the right texture. Given the simplicity, I suppose I was thrown off by the final price ($100 for four people). Fortunately, for my anger-prone self, the meal was a treat.
If you're into creepily watching people while stuffing yourself with fine food, then you must eat outside here. Bella Vista's full o' beautiful people.Great atmosphere and the crepes are DELICIOUS! Cozy and laid back. Nice place for friends to hang out or a romantic spot for couples.The interior is warm and romantic and slightly bohemian. They have a fireplace. The food is always delicious and classy. It's a perfect place for a nice date or a private celebration. And it's a half block away from my house, so every time I eat food here I ask myself "why don't you come here more??" 
And then my bills comes, and I just paid $20 for a crepe, and I'm still kinda hungry. I'm not saying it's not worth it, but it does leave you feeling a little bit silly.Went here for Brunch on Sunday 4/2/16 for the first time and was a great experience.   The entire staff (from the host to the server) were very friendly and more than willing to share their recommendations for good food options.   The food was really good.  My only recommendation is in my opinion, they reconsider their pricing - as it seemed about 20% higher from similar establishments with a similar offering.I love crepes, and this restaurant has so many good ones. But I will get there in a minute. I will star first with the appetizers. The escargots are delicious, not too garlicky or too buttery, just right. Their salads are also very good, having had the grilled pear one, loved it (I am a sucker for anything with pears on it). Soups are another good option, specially during winter weather.
The crepes. So many to choose from. We tried the grilled marinated chicken and the ratatouille. Both very good. We missed on the sweet ones, so we definitely have to go back just for that.
Good service. Nice French style decor. Will go back at some point.Probably my favorite place in Philly. The wait staff is friendly and the food is delicious. What more could I say? You can tell that the owners of this place really care about their business. The employees are continually happy and kind and the restaurant is always clean and beautiful.This restaurant has the best Bloody Mary  in Philly. The spices on the rim of the glass give it a nice finish too.A great neighborhood spot with terrific ambience. The service was so friendly I felt like family. You will never think of crepes the same way again. I particularly liked the andouille sausage, ratatouille and caramelized tomato sauce savory crepe.  But leave room for the sweet crepes, perhaps the best desert in all of Philadelphia.One of my neighboirhood favorites! You can't really go wrong here, always consistent and delicious. Some of my favorite savory crepes are the Coq au Vin, Beef Bourguignon, Mushroom and Cheese & of course the sweet crepes too! I usually get one of each, but I am lucky I always go wioth someone that shares everything with me. Favorite sweet crepes (I haven't tried them all yet..), Banana, Nutella & Hazelnut Ice Cream & Pears, Chestnut Cream & Chocolate.  I also highly recommend the Seared Tuna salad, chock full of tuna, scallops, & shrimp, mmm.
Gorgeous decor, very romantic and relaxing. They always have fresh flowers int eh bathroom too. If you are there later in the night, check out the lounge upstairs, L'etage! There is something interesting going on up there just about all of the time, and if there isn't something going on the atmosphere and beer selection are enough of a reason to visit.Have gone here on and off for years and years. Never been disappointed. Nothing astonishingly good but to be consistently good for so long in Philadelphia is astonishing. Great salads, and the savory crepe are just as good as the sweet, not always the case at other crappy crepe places. sorry no accents on crepe. Decor is elegant and wonderfully french. Fairly quiet considering only one block from South St.A totally yummy experience with regard to food and ambiance. 
On my last visit, we came to get brunch.  I know they have a set brunch time, we showed up a little after that.  Had a nice little appropriate-for-breakfast cocktail, tasty and refilled by the waitress as soon as she saw we were getting low.  The crepes themselves were delicious.  Neither I nor my companion ordered from their menu of set crepes, although some looked good, I had one with goat cheese and greens and mushrooms which I thoroughly enjoyed.  
When we ordered, the waitress asked if we would like bacon for the table.  Bacon for the table!  What a brilliant idea!  So simple, so impossible to resist.  Of course we got some, crispy and salty bacony perfection.
We split a sweet crepe for dessert, one something chocolaty and fruity with chestnut cream.  We couldn't taste the chestnut cream at all, unfortunately, but this is completely forgivable.  I finished my meal with some of the best espresso in Philly.  I am very picky about this.  Believe me when I say it was great.
On past visits, I have enjoyed other crepes, wine, and their cheese and fruit plate, which has a collection of completely approachable and delicious cheeses.  Always a good experience.I adore this beautiful restaurant! I like to make crepes, myself and have so often been disappointed by the quality of the crepes at even posh and expensive creperies that I seldom visit them anymore. It has usually been the case that I have come away frustrated with the knowledge that I could have made a much better crepe at home. Well, that is not the case with Beau Monde! Their crepes are fantastic--they are buckwheat (unexpected), full of flavor and have an ideal texture. The menu sets prices for individual stuffings or toppings, allowing one to design one's own crepe, if one so desires. Quite frankly, it is difficult to go wrong! Because of this flexibility, one is able to eat lunch, breakfast or dessert there for a very reasonable sum, if one is being frugal. It is also possible, of course, to design an extravagant crepe for a special occasion. Besides that, the atmosphere of the restaurant is quite elegant--the walls are painted with paneled frescoes, for instance, and the lighting is always flattering. Every time I have visited, the service has been wonderful and the entire experience has made me feel quite satisfied and even a tidbit glamorous.This place is awesome. It's a French restaurant that serves the majority of staple dishes -- like coq au vin (one of my favorites, I believe it means chicken with wine -- wrapped up in a crepe!!! At first, I was suspicious of the gimmick, but it really works. I didn't find the French onion soup, which departs from the usual gruyere cheese approach, that great. I felt I was drinking broth with a floating cheeseball. But the crepes more than make up for it.
You can also mix and match from an elaborate selection of toppings for dessert. (Of course you're having crepe, dummy. Would you order only French Fries at Roscoe's Chicken and Waffles?!?!) I had some chocolate thing that came to me on literal fire!!!!! Love the theater of it all, and it really added to the atmosphere.
The only minus is that some of the tables are scrunched way too closely together. This not only means you'll be overhearing potentially awkward first Tinder dates, but you may also be in the situation I was in: backed next to a moody guy who kept expressing his irritation that "our chairs were touching,' even if there was nothing I could do about it. I hate people who scapegoat others for problems rather than try to fix them. (Eventually, he did try -- by moving to another end of his table.)I had an amazing French experience here.  Truly outstanding and authentic cuisine at a reasonable price.  I had ravioli like I've never had before.  The escargot was served 3 different and outstanding ways, traditional with butter and garlic, with bone marrow and with a mustard sauce.  The service was completely over the top excellent.This cafe is a gem! The crêpes are build your own style which is super fun. I really enjoyed sitting out on the patio in the quite neighborhood where the restaurant is located. One last thing, I must mention how scrumptiously hot my waiter was....the fact that he was French on top of being adorable made me wish for the days before my wedding vows!! Hehe! So please ladies enjoy the crêpes and make sure that cute waiter is well tipped for me! Oh and the restaurant was superb once again!Excellent food, accompanied by a nice beer list. I am giving this place a good review, because this is a nice, European style bistro restaurant that has been willing to embrace the craft beer culture and offer good beers in addition to wines. Most upscale restaurants usually have the worst beer lists.
Food is good and affordable; well-made and interesting; medium sized portions.  Standard crepe fillings done well!
Draught offerings are somewhat standard - Eurolagers accompanied by one or two craft offerings.
Bottle list is much better - combines some standard offerings with european classics and good American craft offerings.
Because this is a creperie, the beer focus is appropriately focused on Belgians, lambics, and other stylistically similar beers.This place is A-okay! The crepes are good/yummy and the atmosphere is enjoyable but, in my humble opinion, the food is highly over priced.
I've had many delicious crepes for less than $10 and these were comparable in quality (if not a tad bit dry) for over $15 for even just 1-2 ingredients depending on what you got.
Also I went on a day that was 90+ degrees outside and it felt really hot inside the restaurant I'm not sure if they had air conditioning or not but if so it was set pretty low and the heat might have dampened my experience. 
The crepe i got was carmalized tomato and smoked salmon which was pretty good and a pretty big serving - I would definitely go back and have it again were it not so pricey. 
Recommended if you want a brunch that isn't too crowded and don't mind paying a bit extra! Worth a try.This place is sentimental since it was my first place with my BF as friends. It was great place for lunch and had a old french style. The crepes were light and with a crisp and the dessert crepes was amazing anything caramel and chocolate is good. They also had great coffee.Went here on a Wednesday night for a girls night out. There was maybe one just other table occupied! The bartender is super sweet and helpful. The server was really great too. Service makes the whole experience so much better! 
The food was outstanding, specially the dessert crepes! Will definitely be going back there.
For 5 alcoholic drinks, 1 non alcoholic drink, 1 appetizer, 1 soup, 4 savory crepes, and 1 sweet crepe we paid $160 before gratuity - which is awesome price wise!! The food was so tasty, I ate more than I should have hahaI visited here on a nice day. Only few tables were filled with customers. The server brought me a cup of water with pink lip gloss on it. The server never came and asked me for about an hour. I had to ask the busboy to call for the server for the check! I don't know if it is just my server or not but.. wow!! I feel awful.It's a great room moodwise.  Pretty and decidedly French.  They are a creperie so remember that.  I went for my birthday and had their steak au poivre and was disappointed by the thin creamless sauce.   I have always thought a brandy cream pepper sauce is the core of the dish but i could be wrong - but wrong or not I was disappointed.   I also think they used black peppercorns instead of green and the result was a pepperoff the charts flavor.  It was too much (and I like habaneros!) Everything else was great - the apps, the cheese plate etc.  and once in a while they have a potatoe leek soup finished with herb butter and truffle oil that is the best soup I have even tasted anywhere!Not sure why reviews are so high range. I think it's definitely overpriced in comparison to other crepes I have had. It's delicious however doesn't worth the price tho.