The first taste of Cuba Libre I took was last year at the Atlantic City location.  For those familiar with the prices, quality, and menu items, this one is the same, aside from what is on the menu.  For this reason, I recommend planning accordingly by 1. Making a reservation, and 2. looking up the menu beforehand.
One tip:  Unlike Atlantic City, this location is smaller, yet it does have an upstairs.  With this said, there is a single unisex bathroom next to the bar and the other is upstairs.  I'm not taking off a star for this, although you will wait on a busy night.
We reserved our table for 7 PM which in restaurant lore is a practically untouchable hour.  Our time saver was the parking lot across the street.  
Anyone who has ever been to any Cuba Libre *knows* that (certain) entrees are large enough for sharing.  Our party decided on the small plates over the entrees to accommodate later plans in the area.  We had the following:
Grilled octopus, spring rolls, Guava ribs, and Yuca fries.  Despite the next available table being 10 PM, our food was served within 20 minutes of our order. 
The Yuca fries include a cilantro aioli which is a great accompaniment and aren't served so piping hot that you can't enjoy the taste. Highly recommend!  The spring rolls are stuffed with salami and other meats, although there are only two on this plate for $8.  I was looking forward to the grilled octopus which was updated from a previous dish with eggplant salad to a mango/tomato salad.  Our waitress was gracious enough to suggest the eggplant since she could tell I was not a fan of the new version.  And last but not least, the Guava ribs.  These completely blew me away. You can see in the picture how plump they are which reminded me of the ribs Victory makes with Golden Monkey sauce.  I have found the rival to those and whatever they make the sauce with besides Guava, I hope they keep doing.
All in all, our table was impressed with the selections.  Out of how filling, the ribs are the most, even if you want to take them home to savor.  Next time my party comes here, we're returning for the dancing later on ;)Went here to dance and have a few drinks. Place was crowded fine no problem it's a saturday, but the bartender up stairs was aweful. She was more interested in dancing more than serving, waited 15 mins to order a drink and she totally ignored us. We left, couldn't get a single drink order equals bad bartenders l, I would say get a new one for upstairs and get rid of the dancing queen she's costing your place money or hire jack tapper to fix the placeStepping into the center of this restaurant feels like entering into the middle of a jungle. The atmosphere here is pretty fantastic. Trellises, vines, and wonderful lighting really set the scene for a great dining experience.
I visited Cuba Libre last weekend for brunch with a group of ten. Our server, Melissa, was sweet and helpful as can be. The service through the entire meal was impeccable, even though we were a large, chatty, and distracted table. Plates came out with wonderful timing, and we never felt rushed. Every plate was a hit. I wasn't starving, so I opted for just two: the crab cake with poached egg (perfect: crispy, savory, doused with an amazing oozing yolk), and guacamole (oddly sweet with chunks of pineapple and nicely crunchy plantains). The girls next to me both had baby octopus as one of their dishes and said that they were great. 
Olde City is an area that I generally avoid...but Cuba Libre brunch was a pleasant surprise!Accommodating to all special requests. Awesome service, chill environment. I was able to sit beside my husband and customize my paella. We love this place in Atlantic city and this location def lives up to its reputation.The restaurant definitely doubles as a dance club. The main dining area is located on the dance floor surrounded by the second floor balcony. The decor is fantastic and I could just imagine hearing the Latin music beats. The waiters and waitresses were all extremely friendly, attentive and helpful to our large group as we celebrated a friend's birthday.
The guacamole, served with long banana chips, had a unique tropical flavor. It was extremely good with a slight sweetness from perhaps mango. I would rate the specific dish that I had, but they change the menu about every 6 months. The food is good although I feel like it lacked proper seasoning, the pulled beef was cooked well and was tender. And if you feel like you can't make a decision, the tapas will definitely fill you up and give you a good selection of food.I don't remember  lot about my meal but the sinful mango butter that they serve with the complementary bread was devine.  On weekends get the last table sitting and stay till the place turns into a dance club (=good mojitos and salsa dancing.)Took the family here for mother's day brunch.  The atmosphere/ambience is great!  It gave you a relaxing feel while dining here.  We started off ordering the breakfast breads as an appetizer.  Mmm all the breads that came out were delicious as with the fruit spread and mango butter.  I had a Cafe Cuba Libre to drink as well, which is Cuban coffee with coconut milk and spiked with rum.  That was tasty as well.  The meal I ordered was the Cuban sandwich which was one of the tastiest Cuban's I have had.  I'm not a fan of pickles, but when they're in a Cuban, I like them...and this Cuban was fantastic.  Definitely check this place out!Went on Saturday night.  Be prepared to spend $18 on parking. Drinks were good and about 10-12 each.
The Cuban sandwich was good. Worth 19.50? Not really.  My girlfriend got some tapas dishes. Those were not great. Very bleh. Plus they were all fried.  She was very disappointed. Also, the chips and 3 dips had soo few chips that barely used half the dip, then charged 3 bucks more for 4 more CHIPS.  
Our table was also next to 2 bathrooms and the kitchen on the first floor. I overheard some people who worked there talking about our tables who said they shouldn't be there.  No kidding we watched everyone who went to the bathroom.  Very romantic view....Lol. I get it was busy but don't add tables outside the bathroom to compensate.this is what's wrong w/ sweet drinks..its sweet and it hides the alcohol flavors in your cocktail and you feel like you're just inhaling liquid candy..
ok, perhaps i'm exaggerating a little bit..
i didn't inhale liquid candy
i just..
consumed 2 glasses of classic mojitos in less than 10 minutes.
oh wait. no no, that's my friend...
i was good and ate my ribs for the first 5 minutes. THEN i finished my two glasses of mojitos in...15 minutes.. see how i'm good @ pacing myself? 
as for the service, our bartender was friendly & sweet and obviously made a great drink. but they wouldn't seat us in the patio/ dining room because we weren't having dinner...
uh...excuse me..who has dinner @ 3pm?!?!
either way. good food. good drinks. but someone should tell that lady that eating dinner @ 3 in the afternoon is just ridiculous...Not from philly. Walking by, checked yelp and decided to trust the reviews. Good move. 
Try the meatballs - awesome. 
Empanadas - tasty but just a bit bready
Sausage - outstanding
Bread with mango butter - omg
Mojitos- peach is ok, raspberry is wicked
Recommend the place. Ryan the server is very willing to help and suggest.I'm going to start out this review by saying don't drink the mojitos because if you have one, you might end up drinking at least twenty.
Needless to say, Cuba Libre has the BEST mojitos I've ever had. Albeit, I'm not a huge drinker and therefore not experienced in fancy shmancy drinks but I can never have just one mojito here. I get at LEAST one mango, one passionfruit, and one pomegranate mojito each visit. At least. But I try not to come here often for that reason--my wallet couldn't handle it. The place is kinda pricey, especially considering it's a chain, and the portion sizes aren't significant.
Now the food. Soooo good! Appetizer wise, they have plantain chips served with a mango guacamole that I need to get every time. Need. It's so good. There's also this warm bread with a cinnamon/sugar/butter spread (something like that?) that's also delicious. The need to bottle that spread and sell it on the grocery stores. I would definitely stock my cabinets with it.
The last two times I was there I ordered the Shrimp con Mojo entree. Absolutely delicious. The flavors hit your tongue at just the right spot and blend together so nicely. 
Overall, the ambiance and decor is nice. It could have been cheesy, but I think it looks pretty good. Two floors with a bar on each. Only docked a star for price. Everything else is top notch, including the excellent waitstaff. Good place for date night (and mojitos!)Absolutely the best Mojitos in the city... unfortunately it is hit or miss as to whether they are strong or weak.  Still, the atmosphere more than makes up for the occasional weak drink and pushes Cuba Libre into 4-star territory.I think they are trying to turn a new leaf because we went for their unlimited pequenos brunch and it was great! It was a slow morning but our waitress was still attentive and the manager asked us how we were doing. All the food that came out were great, and it was an extensive menu. We will definitely bring more people next time to sample more food. The reason why it wasn't perfect is because any additions seemed overpriced. $2.75 for a small soda? $8 for one piece of tres leche? That's alright. I'll be back with my crew on another weekend.
Recommended dishes: churros are to die for, skirt steak, spinach/manchego balls, eggs benedictI went to Cuba Libre for an event sponsored by my college for our Senior Week. For four years, I'd been hearing rumors about the world famous mojitos and salsa dancing, but never made it down to 2nd and Market until four days before I graduated.
I wasn't disappointed. Cuba Libre's decor has a fantastic, weathered 1940s Havana vibe with its lazily whirring paddle fans, large potted palms and cracked plaster walls. The upstairs bar includes an iron balcony, which looks over the main dining area that is cleared out at night to become a makeshift dance floor as a live DJ spins Latin music. I normally don't dance - I'm a white girl from Connecticut, there's only so much I can do - but even I couldn't resist. Thank God it was a Thursday night and a partially closed event, because if there had been real salsa professionals there, I would have been against the wall like a seventh grader at a semi-formal. 
God bless the bartenders, because the mojito is one of the most labor-intensive drinks out there. I'm a bit of a mojito snob, but I wasn't disappointed - the classic mojito ($9) was delicious, but for a real treat, go for the pomegranate mojito ($11). Pricey, yes, but absolutely refreshing and delicious.
I can't speak for the food, as we sampled one of the special events menus, but the passed hors d'oeuvres - I'm not a foodie, but I remember the empanadas, beef skewers, fried crab, and miniature mozzarella and spinach panini were all delicious and flavorful, and if they were any indication of the quality of Cuba Libre's regular dinner menu, then I might just have to move back to Philadelphia.Liked the food ( paella diss), but did not like how the bar was set up for seating. Odd.Had a wonderful time here for my friends birthday! Food was amazing, service was fantastic. They brought out free homemade ice cream with a candle for my friend without us asking! At the end of the meal, I called the manager over to thank him for a great time. Loved the atmosphere, felt like we were at a restaurant outside the city... No doubt.Great food, awesome atmosphere (you feel like you're in tropical Havana). 
The brunch menu claims each person should order 3-4, this is a joke. My boyfriend and I ordered 5 orders total and had way too much. I recommend 1-2 orders per person (good for your belt and your wallet).
Eggs benedict were terrific, outdoor/patio seating was perfect ambience for a May spring day with a mimosa.Was here on a Friday with a 5:30 reservation and the place was nearly empty, though perhaps this was due to the rain. Because of my chronic and incurable tendency to over-order stemming from indecisiveness, we saw the the "15 Tastes of Cuba" tasting menu as a  great remedy. Except not so much, as it turns out. I was unimpressed with the bread and mango butter. They must have greased the bread already and it just had a bitter, oily taste in my mouth. The first appetizer was plantain and taro chips with 3 different dips. The red salsa really just tasted like something from Tostito's, disappointing. There were more doughy, fried appetizers than I cared for including the empanadas and papa rellenas. Neither was very good, had way too much dough going on and the fillings were unimpressive. Things picked up a little with the entree tasters. The mahi mahi was accompanied by squid ink rice with actual pieces of squid in there, appreciated that. The shrimp was fresh and firm. The skirt steak was not overcooked but still quite chewy due to the cut. While a vast improvement to the appetizer round, the entrees were still not exactly anything to write to Yelp about. The sides were plain white rice, fried plantains (yet again), and some very basic beans. The portion of the sides were huge compared to the entrees we were getting, not sure what that is about. The dessert round included a dense flan and an unremarkable tres leche cake with chocolate mousse on top. The chocolate mousse tasted like store-bought chocolate pudding.
Additionally, since we had dinner reservations, we were not allowed to participate in happy hour discounts, meaning, six dollar corona bottle. We also ordered a half pitcher of sangria, blanco. Tasted fine, though it was practically fruit juice with just white wine and fresco and some diced up fruit. Smokin' Betty's has a great white sangria that's got much more kick with vodka, gin and brandy joining the party.
Despite the fact that the bar and restaurant never filled up even to the 40% mark, we had to wait between each round for a at least enough time for me to realize I was having to wait for mediocre food. Our waitress seemed unhappy and had the look of annoyance clearly written on her face. I would have easily tolerated attitude had the food been good but that department was disappointing too. Finally, though I do appreciate them coming to clean the table between the appetizer and the main course, I would have preferred a crumb scraper instead of the nasty rag she ran across the table in front of us. That was extremely unappetizing.This was my second trip to Cuba Libre. My first was to the one in Atlantic City. I found the one in Center City to be similar.
We went for Restaurant Week, so the deal was real good. There were four of us, so we split 8 different apps, since we get two each with the Restaurant Week deal. Everything we ordered was tasty.
I had pork for the entree and it was real good. Others at the table got the chicken and ravioli dishes. Everyone liked what they ordered.
The desert was okay too.
My only gripe is they have a policy where that either everyone at the table can order from the Restaurant Week menu or no one can. I find this to be a ridiculous policy. If you come with a party of 4 and one person is not feeling the Restaurant Week menu, the other 3 should not be screwed out of it.I am not sure why this place is not rated higher. It really is one of the better restaurants in Philly and is not THAT expensive. 
I am not that much of a drinker but their mojitos are so good that you just HAVE to get one. Dangerous though because you can barely taste the alcohol. Make sure you have a DD because it will be tough to resist having more mojitos.
I happen to love plantains, so anyplace that offers them to me without trying to be overly fancy about it gets my vote. The sweet plantains at Cuba Libre are exactly that. The Shrimp and Corn fandido was so good that my wife used her knife to scrape out every last bit from the earthen dish it was served in. 
The only downside was that their Empanadas were not that great. Good, just not as flavourful as everything else.This place was great! We did the tapas and had a variety of four different meals. The shrimp con queso app was great! Also the pineapple mojito is highly recommended!!!Great atmosphere, pretty good service, and okay food.
The chef definitely has some creativity (which is a must if you want to roll with Steven Starr), but the taste seems more like a sell out to the pop music of the food industry rather than a really good restaurant with excellent food. The one time I went my friends and I tried out the special 15 item tasting course since I thought that would provide a general feel for what the restaurant offers because of the variety in the offer. Well I was wrong.
The aesthetics to the dishes were well executed. There was even dry ice smoking out from under one of the dishes! But where it failed was the taste. One item was good, which I forget, but most of everything else tasted like the food one of my friend's mom cooks...  You want to be polite and say it tastes good, but really it was just ehhh, and that's how I felt towards the server.
Maybe I was just getting what I paid for. 15 really small plates (actually just three courses subdivided by plate into three smaller courses, but really it was just three courses) for $42 is pretty good... I think? Until next time, all I have to say is it's Cuba Libre, like most of its other Starr counterparts, is more about the hype than the taste.I liked it.  I didn't love it as much as I enjoyed Branzino the previous evening but I liked it.  The Sangria was very nice.  I am sorry I didn't try the mojitos but the Sangria drank like Kool-Aid, I could have enjoyed an entire pitcher by myself.
The bread is heavenly.  
Between the two entrees I'd have to say that the Sea Bass was excllent but the other dish was not as good.
I love the way they've decorated the place.
I didn't care for the restaurant staff on their headsets walking around communicating that table 51 is free, table 62 is on dessert, table 44 has taken the third bite of their appetizer.  I already know that Philadelphia is less formal than New York City (and I'm okay with that) but you have to draw the line somewhere.
To repeat, the Sangria is a thumbs up, the bread was great, the Sea Bass was a winner and I love what they've done with the space...So...here I am in Philly and I end up in Cuban restaurant!  Why is that odd?  Well I live in south Florida and there are Cuban restaurants all over. Not only am I at a Cuban restaurant, but I am at a Cuban restaurant that is a chain. 
I want to say I LOVED IT!  Service was amazing. The hostesses were super friendly and our server was attentive and didn't rush us out the door. 
We started with with blanco sangria. It was very good.  We had the pineapple guacamole, which was served with long strips of fried plantains. I never had pineapple in my guacamole and the server assured me it was one of their best sellers. Well we all loved it!  I was also concerned about how spicy it would be with roasted jalapeño...our server said it was not and she didn't lie. It was perfect. 
I eat veganish. Our server told us our options and even those dishes that didn't mention meat she made sure we knew. We shared the grilled vegetable paella. It was amazing. The veggies were all cooked perfectly. The veggies were plentiful and it was not a rice overload.  She mentioned that the rice was cooked with veggie broth and margarine. 
We also had yucca fries...nice and creamy inside. We had a spinach and cheese ball...I didn't like it but my friend devoured it. Different strokes for different folks.  Malaga Fritters. YUM!
We ended with the banana bread dessert...I highly recommend!  I decided to try a cafe con leche with coconut milk and it as...odd, but I appreciate that they made it for me. 
All in all it was a very good experience and I would definitely come back.I'm giving this five stars because of the awesome bartender. He made me and my bf some of the best cocktails we ever had. Think his name was Keenan...  For food i would go with the seafood soup and fritters. The empanadas were ok. Definitely would come back for those drinks :)The staging of the place outshines the food. that said, the sweet plaintains were yummy if simple, and the tamarind ketchup was very good.Big fan. Ate dinner here for restaurant week a couple years ago and it was PHENOMINAL even though I couldnt pronouce anything on the menu. Thank god the staff is enthusiatic and more than willing to help. :p Came back to see if they still had them crazy wonderful yucca balls and try some fancy rum cocktails... they didnt :( but we gots yucca fries instead (which are exceptionaaaal btw), fantastic spinach manchego croquette thingies and a pisco sour! Which is a great cocktail. And hard to find. 
Vikki is a wonderful bartender, helped me and my boy nativgate their huge cocktail menu and was super friendly. And! They took out the upstairs tables at night and we danced like crazy loons to great music most the night. 
However I recommend against the Zombie cocktail, it was absolutely delicious, but very very dangerous. Overall... Awesome. And a great atmosphere. Dining in a cartels house never felt so safe.Beautiful decor. Knowledgable staff. Mango butter completes me. Excellent aroz con pollo (rice & chicken) and grilled skirt steak.The Decor is amazing !!!!! But if i wanted nice decor I'd go to a furniture show room not a restaurant !!! As a Caribbean girl i know my afro-latin flavors even if they are not executed  well  and I know when someone is a at least or should I say at most attempting to make a Caribbean dish especially a Cuban dish come on its just tons of garlic and cumin for crying out loud very simple and affordable. With that said there is NO excuse for my Ropa Vieja  to taste like beef stew  ( GROSS) !!!!!!! My Husband Fried Vaca to be Bland !!! and My Best friends Fish .....not  fresh ?????!!! ( That's another story BAD fish don't order any Fish at this establishment  its not Fresh !!!!! UUHHGGG )
if you want a nice Drink and good atmosphere this is the spot but PLEASE DON'T EAT HERE it is not Cuban Food.I'm leaving this review as I leave the place, we have come here several times because it's the only decent place in Philly for Latin environment. We always follow the dresscode but honestly they exceeded themselves by not letting us in after my boyfriend was wearing really nice pants, shirt but he was wearing red shoes which according to them looked like "too much" like sneakers. Excuse me but the fact that you don't know how to recognize an expensive shoe from a common running sneaker is your problem, not mine. I'm really dissapointed of this place but I guess what they don't lack in clientele they lack in taste.Wish I could give this place 0 stars. I've been here at least five times before and tonight they refused to let me in because they "didn't like" my ID. Glad that their system for checking IDs is a flashlight and a questionable man. I am 23 years old and have been here multiple times but won't be back again. Thanks for ruining my night and my friends birthday Cuba Libre!!!I haven't eaten here but I have had drinks here. I for sure have had better for much cheaper. The mojito felt like drinking lemonade but for a price which felt like an arm and a leg worth. The quantity was less, the glass was wrong, the bartender was rude, the rum wasn't cuban and the cocktails hardly had any alcohol in them.
Pass on those mojitos because they are over rated.The two stars are for the drinks. Their mojitos are delicious. Their food is no good. It's not fresh and it has no flavor. The service isn't good either.Went for my sisters birthday. Great service, food, and atmosphere. Highly recommend. Vive Cuba Libre!Amazing place. Came here for the first time with my girlfriend on a Friday night and we loved it! Food was spectacular, service was great, and ambiance was amazing.
Must haves:
-Shrimp Ceviche... GOOD LORD! Best ceviche I've ever had. My gf doesn't like ceviche nor does she like avocados but she tried it and agreed that it was good. Was the "best shrimp she's ever eaten."
-Vaca Frita... If you like beef, don't leave this place without ordering this.
-Churrasco a la Cubana... wasn't as good as the Vaca Frita, but was still delicious!
Will definitely come back when I visit Philly again.Mojitos were a little watered down - i'm not going to lie. The impromptu salsa/merigue/whatever the hell it was performance by the employees was amusing. Good spot for a drink- haven't tried their dinner though.
Much more lively and entertaining than some places in the neighborhood *cough (like continental across the street)Cuba Libre is like a Cuban Disney World. All the decor and music are completely over the top. Being that I have never actually been to Cuba I can not tell you if its all authentic, but my best guess is, as fun as the atmosphere is it is not. None the less the food is absoloutely delicious. Both brunch and dinner are great, with deep flavors and generous portions. When it comes to drinks they are known for their mojitos. This drink is one thing I am actually knowledgable about, and Cuba Libre dissapoints. Don't get me wrong they are a waay good but, its not hard to make a tasty drink when it is 5 parts mixer and sugar and one part alcohol. For $$$ it is a let down, I want more substance in my drink. None the less Cuba Libre is a sure shot great meal in a fun not so authentic Cuban Disney World.This restaurant is ok. We had the vaca frita and churrasco. The vaca frita was a little too lemony for me. The sides were ehhh... black beans and rice. Nothing out of the ordinary. The churrasco steak was good. It was tender and juicy. The best part of the meal was the tres leeches. The chocolate part on the top of the cake was phenomenal. I would come back just for some cake.Cuba Libre has a truly impressive drink selection. The mojitos and caipirinhas are amazing. While the drinks are a bit expensive ($9-11), the food is reasonably priced and the portions are generous. The Chef's Tasting Menu is a particularly good deal - 15 courses for $34. 
Also, the bread and mango butter and incredible. They are an appetizer in and of themselves.He says:  We came here for our second anniversary for a special dinner.  We'd definitely come back.  While the prices aren't especially cheap, the food is quite good, and the portions really filled us up.  My highlights of the meal were the Soup of the Dead (I don't remember the exact name, but it ended in Muerte), the mango butter & bread, and the guava ribs.  Additionally, the flight of the Cuba Libre rum was quite good, and a great way to try some nice aged rums.  
Some minor negatives: The table was too long - I would have needed to play college football to pass the salt.  Additionally, our waitress looked aloof and a bit dismissive.  I know we're just a party of two, but it would be nice if we didn't seem like an inconvenience to you as we attempt to purchase expensive drinks.  With that said, the dudes who actually bring the food were pretty awesome.  They stopped by easily three times as much and seemed to know a lot about the food.
She says:  A really neat restaurant to visit for some dishes you probably couldn't find elsewhere (at least, if you don't eat this type of cuisine that often).  I also loved the soup -- it was filled with succulent seafood (scallops, mussels, crabmeat, etc.).  We followed some of the Yelper recommendations and tried the 15-item tasting.  My faves were:
Appetizers: Mango butter + bread, guava ribs, shrimp ceviche
Sides (perhaps the tastiest portion of the meal!): Pilaf, mustard greens
Entree: Steak; shrimp with guacamole was also OK
Dessert: Flan, chocolate souffle.
The drinks were all fabulous, including a coffee I ordered at the end (simple Cafe Cubano/Americano).Went for a late afternoon lunch and mojito. Pretty good spices on a chicken dish and just a warm, seductive atmosphere for fun salsa dancing. Though must admit, feet a little sore from the explorations in the city that day to want to try to dance salsa that night.This place is so beautiful! I like the atmosphere and our waitress was great. I ordered a passion fruit mojito and it was really sweet and smooth, I loved it. We ordered the pineapple guacamole with plantain chips and it was SO GOOD! The chips were not chewy at all and the guacamole was delicious. We also ordered the chicken empanadas and although pricey at 2 for $12, and they were small, they were sooo good! I thought they would be bigger. I ordered the arroz con pollo and it was good! It wasn't amazing, though. I expected more of a POW! flavor in it for the high price. My date ordered the citrus chicken and it was great with some added salt! It was a small portion for the price...especially for a grown man, but it was good. I've never had Cuban food before tonight, and I'm glad I tried it out here! I am satisfied. I would probably come back here for happy hour to spend a little less and get a little more.Many times going to Philadelphia, I would pass by Cuba Libre wondering if that huge crowd in front of the place would equate to a totally awesome place to eat. On my last trip to the city, I planned brunch there, and wow. It was amazing.
I had made reservations the night prior, and showing up the next day was a piece of cake. We were seated immediately at our table. It was a group of 6 people as well. The decor of Cuba Libre makes you feel as if you are somewhere in Cuba enjoying a wonderful brunch. Too bad the weather wasn't Cuba-esque.
Now to the food, the mojitos were wonderful. This was my first mojito so I didn't have anything to base it on, but if I had mojitos like this all the time, I would be in heaven. 
For a little appetizer I had the torrejas which is a high-end version of french toast. It was filled with mascarpone cheese, and topped with hazelnuts and almonds. I think I can eat 3 of those for breakfast, it was so good. I still crave it.
My main course was a bit close to home, but it still was very good. I had the "Pollo Uno, Dos, y Tres" which was chicken breast, chicken sausage, and 2 eggs. That hit the spot, I was very satisfied with my brunch experience.
I was very satisfied with Cuba Libre, and I wouldn't mind stopping by again. I'd always use reservations to be safe though, you don't know when there will be an influx of people trying to get in. Play it safe, use the reservations - and get the mojitos.I've never eaten here before, but I did come for their bar and Cuban night club. It was so much fun! The drinks are not expensive, and you can either watch the people dancing or tear up the dance floor yourself! The inside is just amazing. They did a great job of decorating to make you feel like you're in Cuba, without being too tacky at all!
Every half hour or 20 minutes or so, they clear the dance floor and a professional Cuban dancing couple comes out and dances to a song. They even change their costumes for each dance!! It's beautiful and very entertaining.
Love this place and will be back soon!We ended up only ordering yucca fries and mojitos at the bar.  I've never seen Cuban food at those prices--I'm used to paying $6-7 for ropa vieja.  Great atmosphere.  The yucca fries were tasty but definitely a new twist on the version I've gotten at every other restaurant.  I didn't like the aioli; they never asked us if we'd prefer the mojo sauce.  The mojitos were not strong but tasted delicious.  We had to stop drinking them not because of the buzz but because they aren't cheap.Ordered the Ravioli filled with brisket.  If you're looking for something different and extremely good, look no further.  This was outstanding.  Loved the atmosphere, especially with it being freezing cold outside.  Felt like I was chilling in an island Beach paradise.  Will definitely be back and bring my friends.Damn expensive! Came here with some colleagues, one of which was from Puerto Rico and claimed he had found a PR restaurant. Cuban is close enough for both of us and his wife was Cuban, so it should be all good. It is a pretty nice restaurant with a decent amount of space. Good atmosphere, not too fancy, but definitely nice. Very, very expensive though still.
As far as the menu is concerned, they had most of the staples. Lechon asado, arroz con pollo, mofongo, maduros, tostones, ropa vieja, etc. No pasteles though, which was the biggest disappointment of the night since i didn't get any this Christmas either. They did have a vegetarian version with some kind of african vegetable mix thing. They also had non-authentic offerings like salmon and paella and things. I ordered the lechon asado ($22), wifey got the arroz con pollo ($18!), we got three empanada (tres amigos ($13), and some maduros ($5). I also ordered a Presidented for $6 or $8 I think. I'm not really into mojitos, but everyone else was getting the different flavored ones which I'm sure were an arm and a leg as well. 
The empanadas came out, one pork, one chicken, and one beef. The beef and pork were excellent. The chicken was pretty good as well, but reminded me room much of a chicken pot pie. They were really small (especially the mini chicken one) and for the price?! The maduros were fried well. They were not too mushy or sweet, but were appropriately firm. They might have been fried slightly too long, but were pretty good. 
The lechon asado was decent, good flavor, came in a pie crust type thing. Pretty good portion too. It was very tender and not too bad at all. Wifey got the arroz con pollo, which she thought had way too much tomato flavor too it. I agree that it was a little strong, but she is pretty much used to my version that I have tailored to her tastes (i.e., less tomato). Good, strong sofrito flavor and they used chorizo in it too. not the mexican kind though like all of our fellow cali diners thought, but the portugese kind. The rice was good, not too sticky or mushy and good flavor. Wifey wasn't impressed because she had to add salt and said that my version is much better. I'm flattered : )
They lose major points for being so damn expensive. Also, I hate when restaurants do this, but they have a pretty white waitstaff that cannot pronounce any of the dishes. It was embarrassing trying to watch this kid struggle through "arroz con pollo". Meanwhile, they have an almost entirely bilingual, hispanic busboy and food running crew that would actually speak spanish with me. Don't get me wrong, my Spanish is not very good, but it is a Cuba restaurant, at least pronounce the spanish names right. Our waiter couldn't even nail the restaurant name. 
I have just stepped off of my soap box. 
All in all, the service was very slow and not very competent. The bussers were very attentive to refill water and take plates, but the waiter just wasn't on point. He took literally 30 minutes to bring us the check and then almost another hour (literally) to reconfigure all of the separate checks (party of 12). Not a math major apparently, but we still had fun in the mean time. We left a good tip for the inconvenience, but he should've been able to get it together faster than that. The restaurant wasn't that busy. 
Wouldn't be back, mostly because of the price, but also because the food just didn't really blow me away. I've had much better cuban food in Puerto Vallarta Mexico of all places.Still really good. Lechón Asado is a favorite dish of mine. The service can be hit or miss but the food makes up for it. The pineapple mojitos are fabulous!This was the first time I went out for Cuban food and it was GREAT! Total fan of this space- beautiful beautiful decor, low lights, great staff. Everything I ate was terrific. A little pricey, so save it for a special occasion or rare night out if you are more on the thrifty side, but believe me, it's worth it once in a while.Really nicely decorated cuban restaurant in Philly.  It was funny going all the way to Philly and having cuban food.  They even had a Ybor style cuban which was hilarious seeing we are only 15 minutes from Ybor.  I had the chicken and rice dish which was good.  I loved how they served it on a platter that was placed on Cuban newspaper.  Very cute.  I told them I didn't get that kind of presentation at the Columbia.Cuba Libre used to play the best salsa music in the city, in my opinion.  Stopped by a few months ago, after being out of the salsa scene for 3 years.  What a disappointment!  In one hour, not a single salsa song was played, though there was plenty of grinding bachata, some reggaeton and Mexican folk music.  Tons of barely 21 year olds and, as usual, the place got so packed, that people could barely move to dance, let alone salsa (if one had actually played).  My friend and I left and went to Tierra Colombiana....had a better time there, though still a very young crowd.  Still looking for a place with some 40+ age people.The mango butter and bread is a dream come true. The appetizers were great, wouldn't say the entrees were the best I've had (as a pescetarian) but it was pretty good, the mojitos were great. The vibe was amazing. If you're above 21 I would say say for the salsa dancing post 11.4 friends and I went to Cuba Libre for New Year's Eve and had the Chef's dinner ($95/person). The menu included Filet Mignon and when we attempted to order the steak and request the temperature, our waitress Amanda told us that the chef was only making the steaks Medium and we could not request any other temperatures. We very politely asked why it didn't say "Medium-only" on the menu especially if we were paying $95/person. Amanda then very rudely yelled "YOU ARE GETTING MEDIUM-ONLY" and stormed off, completely unprovoked. the waitress Amanda never returned to our table, but she continued to serve the tables around us. She should be fired and I would have given this review 1-star if it weren't for the bartender Vickie (sp?) and manager Ja-mel Vereen. They were both very helpful after the Amanda fiasco and we owe them everything for turning a sour New Year's Eve experience into a great time.We started with the Guac which was fantastic, but the meal went downhill from there. The seafood soup some out with closed mussels and a fishy taste (not the good fishy).  The Cuban sandwich was just okay, was not hot when it came out, and honestly I've had better from a food truck.  For the price I can't say it was worth it.Was just there tonight with some friends and had a great time.  We shared the Plato Cha Cha to get a little of everything.  Naturally, plantain chips come with pretty much everything and they are very tasty.  The mango in the guacamole was different and very good, quite refreshing.  Oh, and the mango butter was AWESOME!
I had the Ropa Vieja as my main course and it did not disappoint.  The brisket was tender and flavorful and came with rice and a tomato type sauce.  Can't remember what the rest of my party ordered, but they were very pleased with their meal as well.  
Dessert was also great.  I got the Torta Mentirita which was a rum cake served with a coca-cola sauce and lime sorbet....basically a rum and coke in dessert form.  Also enjoyed some chocolate coffee which was the best...better than Starbucks!   
I also can't forget the mojitos.  I had the Blueberry Mojito and the Sandito (Watermelon) Mojito and both were delicious.  My friend ordered the pomegranate mojito which also was amazing!
Great meal!I had previously rated this establishment lower but after giving feedback to management, I was very impressed by how they handled it. They were appropriately apologetic and took the right steps to make this situation right.Cuba Libre is a great place to go for drinks and nibbles following a matinee at the Arden.  It has a nice atmosphere and great service.  Also, if you show your ticket stub they will give you free dessert.I like it but dont love it. Drinks are over priced. Food isn't that pricey though...but it's good...not great!SmGreat small plates! showed up in bike gear with my daughter and sat on the patio, had a great impromptu brunch. Awesome seafood soup, really blew me away. Tremendous. Aaaand reasonably priced. Plus they didn't turn me away for being underdressed.I had set the bar high with Cuba Libre. So many people had raved about their drinks and food that I thought Desi Arnaz was going to jump out behind a pillar, bust into a song and dance routine, and serve me some damn plaintains. 
We went on Friday pre-Philly art crawl to commandeer the troops, enjoy some mojitos and apps, and then partake in some culture. My mojitos must have been laced with some watered down nonsense because I tasted no alcohol. I felt duped and disappointed!
The redeeming factor was the apps. I took the lead as I often do and ordered the black bean hummus, sweet corn cakes, yucca fries, fried plaintains, and wings. All were delicious. Ok let me bactrack...the mango butter and the bread almost got me pregnant behind my old high school. If you don't know Tracey Morgan schtick, you possibly might not get that joke.
However, my belly was a-roaring afterwards and I had a migraine out of nowhere. I felt like the guy in that Lily Allen video "Smile" except I wasn't beaten up, robbed, drugged, etc. I don't know if it was the food or not but it *almost* ruined my night.
Would I go back? Sure, I want to get some entrees, ask for more alcohol in my drinks, and get some mango butter in.my.belly.Came here multiple times for birthdays and just for plain old good cuban food. Food is pricey, but so worth it! The spinach and manchego cheese puffs are my fave appetizer! I only wished the mixed drinks were stronger. Drinks cost $10+ dollars, but it seems like the bartender skimps on the alcohol!Good food, good service, just on the slow side.  While our apps and drinks were speedy to come out, our entrées were not which led to a 2+ hour dinner.  When one's dining experience is distracted by whether you can return to your car before the ever-efficient PPA can ticket you, every minute counts.I'll keep it short since I'm sure I'll have more to write about in the future cause I'm definitely coming back. 
Finally got the chance to check this place out and I was really craving home cooking and this place had it all. Inside, really intimate with palm trees and dimly lit tables. My date and I had the Yuca Frita which came in a little deep fryer and dip. Ropa Vieja was also delicious and I suggest to an extra side of rice and beans because it's definitely worth sharing. The check comes in a little cigar box which i thought was funny and very classy. At around 10:30 they start removing the tables and you can hang around in the bar and wait because at 11:30 the entire place turns into a dancing club, music was a mix of salsa, bachata and some pop stuff. Really had a great time and no pros dancing salsa here so easy for beginners to come and dance!Cuba Libre might be one of those perfect-for-all-occasions places. You wanna go out dancing with the girls or with your special man friend? Yeah, go here. You wanna take your parents out for a nice meal? Yeah, go here. You wanna impress your clients? Yeah, go here. You wanna get sh*tfaced with friends? Yeah, go here.
It's hard to find fault with Cuba Libre. The food is amazing, whether you're in the mood for an entree, or sharing a bunch of small plates with the table. The drinks are delicious and/or potent and reasonably priced. The staff if friendly, knowledgeable and *fast* I'm always impressed at how quickly the food comes out. 
It's funny, reading some of the reviews beforehand, I didn't know what to expect. It seems like one of those places you either love or hate. No middle of the road feelings on this one.I came in late on a Thursday night, the staff was friendly, the food was amazing they even let us dance in the back of the restaurant. The mango butter is to die for, i even bought some to take home. Will surly be going back again.Wonderful food and service, this was our first time here at Cuba Libre.
Our dinners were especially delicious and the service was excellent. 
The Shrimp Ceviche was unique and not what I expected since it was covered in a spicy red sauce. It was still delicious and interesting, although I do like the lime, cilantro version better.
I ordered whole fish with rice, black beans and the fried sweet plantains. My husband had a meat dish (don't remember the details exactly) but I do remember that he loved his dinner. He also had the amazing mojito which had to be one of the best, according to him.
Our waitress was very personable. She came often to check on our meal and made excellent suggestions.
Overall, it was an excellent experience!Stopped in for a late weekday lunch and had incredibly delicious small plates:  seafood rapido lunch (3 items), plus fried plantains, bbq ribs, taro root dumplings, and flan for dessert.  We don't recall the Spanish names for everything, but go and try lots of different small plates.  Seriously well-prepared, nicely plated and presented, amazing sauces and flavors, incredible ambiance and stellar service by our wonderful waiter who patiently described many dishes and brought extras, the charming food server, and the host/manager (?) who helped make our lunch a wonderful experience.  We loved Cuba Libre and wish we had one in our own hometown!  Go and Enjoy!the food here is spectacular.  best place in philly for salsa dancing.Having been to Cuba, the food at this restaurant was actually better than the food I had in Havana. Loved the Cuban sandwich I ordered. If I had to pick a negative, the sauce serving to dip my sandwich in could have been bigger. But, other than that, this place was on point! They also bring your receipt out in a Cuban cigar box which is pretty cool. I'd definitely come back whenever I'm in the mood for Cuban food.In the summer time, I take respite from the beer drinking weather of the fall and winter, and move on to the summer beverages like Mojitos and other delicious potables. And when I have a desire to mix that with some great tasting Cuban food, I head down to Cuba Libre's Old City location. The atomsphere, food, and nearby nightlife make this an exciting place to dine in before a night out, or a Sunday brunch.
Atmosphere - Cuba Libre's location here is adorned with old world Cuban influences, from the distressed and brightly painted interior, with lots of tropical plants and fans, to it's cigar box receipt delivery after your meal. They really try to paint a picture of what life would be like in a Cuban bar or at the very least, a Miami beach bar while you're dining. The entryway opens fully on a warm summer night for table dining outside, but provides a cool place to eat in for those hot summer days with some great AC. Behind the bar, various forms of rum wait to be mixed in with some delicious beverages.
Waitstaff - I've been to Cuba Libre many times, and the servers we've had have all been very good about recommending drinks, providing great customer service in a busy location. My most recent trip for a Sunday brunch, our waitress did a good job at keeping the drinks flowing, but could have used more staggering of meals for the brunch.
Food - The drinks here are exceptional! If for no other reason, visit Cuba Libre and request a Black Cherry Rum mojito. Fantastic cherry flavor with mint is the perfect summer libation in my opinion, even better when you can get them at Happy Hour. For dinner, my go to meal is the Empanadas, which they have a mix of chicken, pork, cheese, and others. Other diners highly recommend the Chicarrones de la Casa, a mix of various cuban meats, and don't forget to try the house made bread and mango butter, I could eat that alone on a night with many drinks as well. For the brunch, recently had the pancacaes, a version of Cuban pancakes which were amazing with the mango butter again, french toast with a good cinnamon compote for tasting, and waffles with fried plantains which were also amazing. Apologize for the spelling here, but trust me, the food is really good, if not spelled easily.
Intangibles - Every time I've been there, we've had a manager or high level staff member ask us how our meal was. After saying how great it would be to come for lunch, they hooked us up with free mojito coupons! Cuba Libre definitely knows how to treat the customer here, and if you're not sure where to eat down here, you could do really well coming here. The one thing I will say since this has a tapas menu is that portions are a bit hit or miss, you can get a lot or a little depending on what you order.
Overall - Before summer is over, make sure to try out Cuba Libre on a warm night and enjoy some of their food. If you have a sweet tooth, you're only a block and a half from the Franklin Fountain, right near other bars if you still want to drink, and three parking lots for a block or two walk (also really close to the Ritz if you're going to see a movie, good stop for after movie drinks). Looking forward to my next trip and next mojito really soon.I came here for the first time and I was impressed. The atmosphere was so fun and cute. The food was really good and the drinks were too. It's kinda pricey and the portions are a little small. The service was good. Overall, I'd go back again. My server even said they turn it into a night club on weekends after 11 so I'd love to go then. There's also a parking lot right across from the building so it's very convenient and easy to findThe food was really really good, but I am only rating this with three stars because of the service. We saw or waiter maybe twice. We had to flag down other waiters so we could get a water refill. My fork was super dirty and we asked for a new one but never got it. I had to go to the back where the waiters where so we could pay because we where waiting for someone to pick the check up for awhile. The servings where a bit on the smaller side and on the pricey side. But the food is good.Two friends and I headed to Cuba Libre in search of proper mojitos after aborting the Philly Mojito March. I hadn't been to Cuba Libre in many years but was hoping it was still as good as I remembered. It wasn't. It was even better. We were welcomed and seated promptly, and greeted by our server, Becca. She took pity on us after hearing about the terrible mojitos we'd been served and took the time to go over the drink menu thoroughly and recommend her favorites. She explained how they don't use simple syrup, but instead use a machine to press fresh sugar cane into juice. My grilled pineapple mojitos (you can get them with extra rum if you like) were perfect. My companions also enjoyed their passion fruit mojitos and sangria. 
While waiting for our order she brought us warm Cuban bread with mango cinnamon butter. Can you say yum? For our entrees we had ropa vieja, empanadas and seafood soup. Each bite was better than the last, and the portions were reasonable. We had to go with the tres leches for dessert, along with a Cafe Cubano (with a shot of rum, of course). 
The atmosphere and service were impeccable. We relaxed over a leisurely meal and Becca was attentive but not hovering. Cuba Libre really helped us turn around our day. I can't believe I stayed away so long, but I'll be back soon.First off, the white sangrias are AMAZING. The decor of the place is so cool- very safari-esque.
The menu selection is awesome. So many of their items looked absolutely delicious. A girlfriend and I decided on the shrimp ceviche and pork belly tapas as starters to share. Both were amazing. The shrimps in the ceviche were huge and very plump (the ceviche is a little spicy) and the pork belly was rich and fatty- just how I like it. The slaw that comes with the pork belly was also delicious. 
The complimentary bread and mango butter is indescribable. I would buy a whole jar of that mango butter. It's so creamy and rich! Definitely a huge bonus. 
For my main entree, I ordered the arroz con pollo, and was a little disappointed that it was sort of like a fried rice type dish. It was very salty and sort of underwhelming. The chicken was very tender, but I don't think I would pay $22 for that dish again. My friend loved her vaca frita (her second time ordering that dish).
The portions are large for the entrees, and I will definitely be returning. Just not ordering the same entree :)I've never been a big fan of Cuba Libre. While I like the ambience and think the mojitos there are great, I've never really cared for the food. Whenever I came, it was to placate a date. My favorite item was always the Cubano sandwich, which they do nicely. 
So on Thursday night, GF and I went there to hear the Salsa band Cintron. WE decided to stay for dinner. The waitress sucked. She was cold, distant, and worked doggedly to steer us to pricier menu items. They didn't offer the Cubano as a sandwich any longer on the dinner menu. I guess they don't want to let you get away with spending anything less than $25 bucks for an entree.  We opted for an appetizer and some small plates. While the visual presentation was great, the food was underwhelming- and did I mention overpriced?
So for a round of drinks, an appetizer, and a couple small plates, the bill came to $90 when you figure in the tip (which she really didn't earn).
I realize this is Old City, but that's ridiculous. There are countless places in the city where you can have a much more satisfying meal for far less. GF commented that we would have had a better meal at a diner. 
Overpriced and not worth it.
Incidentally, though, Cintron was great. Best part of the evening.Wish I could give this place a great review but the service was so terrible it off set the food being awesome. The bartender never asked if we even wanted drinks so I stuck with water when I was ready to order a mojito. The patrons next to me had to tell the bartender to take my food order (I should have just walked out). Food came they gave my friend flatware and I had to flag he guy down to get some for myself?  I mean come on. Am I supposed to pulled pork and a poached egg with my hands?Came here with 6 other people at around 6PM.  We ordered the tropical chips & trio of dips as well as the crab guacamole.  Both were just satisfactory.  The bread and butter (mango&cinnamon flavored) was great.  Our waitress then took a while to return and get our entree orders.  My group ordered the Arroz con pollo (looked like a stew), Citrus Chicken (sauce looked tasty), Vacio Steak Argentino w/ Tostones (was recommended as the go-to item on the menu), Churrasco a la Cubana (large portion), Lechon Asado (this was my dish-really liked the tangy sour orange mojo on the pork).  Would definitely return to sample more drinks and to try their Cuban sandwich.  The final bill was a bit steep for our liking though.Very good interior decor, dim light and Cuban tropical style building with music. Had a dinner here with my friends. I ordered a scallops ceviche (appertizer) and a BBQ pork ribs (starter), saving up a bit of stomach for a later drink nearby. The scallop ceviche features a rather strong exotic flavor with fresh small scallops, fit for awakening the appetite. I would strongly, strongly recommend the BBQ pork ribs to everyone coming here. The meat was tender and the rib bone crisp, thoroughly submerged in the sweet and sour sauce they use for the ribs. The flavor just exploded when I put it into my mouth. And as a starter the dish featured four fat, meaty ribs, quite enough to fill the stomach. My friends had entrees. They said those dishes were good but they appeared to be a bit overpriced for the portion. Service was quick and friendly.We went for Sunday Brunch. I noticed online there was a 3 course 14.95 Cuban Brunch Get-away which you should ask the waiter for the menu because I don't they reveal it otherwise. Boy was this a deal! First course I had the churros and guava jam...which the churros were FRESHLY made and had just enough cinnamon and sugar. The guava jam was unique which I also spread on the bread. Yes the mango butter was good. If you're in a salty mood the black bean soup was good too, you can taste the ham stock. At my table, my husband had the chorizo omelette which came with a side of salad and he picked the plantains which he enjoyed very much. My friend had the crab omelette with a side of home fries and yuca hashbrown. I had the ropa vieja. The portions were supple and more than enough I had to take mine home. I am definitely coming back for brunch to try the other omelettes. We each had the cuban cafe with coconut milk. VERY VERY YUMMY.They're very rude. I was trying to get in with my friend and they told him that he couldn't get in with his shoes that clearly didn't look like sneakers. When I told him that we we're there for a friends birthday, they rudely told us that we had to go home.cool decor.  good food. good drinks. a little pricey, but its in the trendy area of old city, so it should be expected.  
I've always received good service and enjoyed my dinners.  The place gets crowded but I don't think I've ever had reservations and yet i've always been seated within 1 drink while waiting at the bar.  
i've had people ask me whether the food is actually good or if you are swayed by the decor and ambiance.  quite frankly, i don't care...i think the food is good, if i'm claiming medicore food is good because the atmosphere is cool then I'm OK with that.  I have always left feeling like I had a good meal at a fun spot.  
It's not cheap but not ridiculous.  I think entrees are in the $18-$30 range.  The drink prices can add up quick if you aren't careful.This was a great place to grab some apps and drinks. We stopped in for a bit and the cocktails were really good. We also had a few items off the tapas menu and they were good too.Boy o boy, how I miss the mojitos here. First order of business when we arrived, I ordered a pitcher of the passion fruit mojito. Still very good. Fresh, sweet, tangy with a hint of mint. Excellent as always.
Ceviche Mixto - the portion for this is a bit small but pretty tasty.
We came during restaurant week so we also tried the menu for restaurant week.
Bread was served with a mango and cinnamon butter. On the sweeter side but very good.
Chicken and papaya is good. It has a hint of zesty flavor to it. Crispy tangy papaya and chicken was very tender.
Baby octopus salad had olives, charizo and something starchy that I didn't know what it was. This dish had a smokey and refreshing taste to it.
Arroz con pollo is very tasty. Chicken, bell peppers, red onions, asparagus added a unique flavor to this Latin dish.
Ahi tuna - this was order medium and it was over cooked. It was served with a verse sauce and mash potatoes on top. Overall, the flavor to this dish is good but overlooked.
Dulce de leche rice pudding was companies with macaroons top with some jelly in the center. The pudding had whipped cream and roasted coconut sprinkle. It was yummy.
The flan was good too. It was on the firm side and a little dryer then what I am use to but also very good.
I also order the tres Leche cake. This made me super happy. I bet you can probably imagine the smile on my face. Served in a tin canister with whip cream, a chocolate whip cream and a marcino cherry on top and sprinkled powder sugar. Boy o boy, I was a happy camper.
I also ordered two more drinks: mango mojito and a coconut mojito. Mango was good. Coconut was even better. It was like a dessert drink. I'd come back for more drinks.
Our server Vanessa was great. She recommended the coconut and I should have asked if they had a to go cup. Lol. Would order one of those to drink on the way home. Great food and drinks. Ambience is old world Latin style. Very dark and dim inside.Good menu and good food, though I think a bit overpriced for what they offer. Great drinks, especially mojitos. The service could be better but if you point out whatever issue you might have, they do make sure to take care of it.
In my opinion a great place for lunch and/or drinks.Beautiful Cuban restaurant in old city, Philadelphia. 
The decor transports you into the heart of Cuba  
I spent a few minutes to soak in the ambience and the atmosphere. I can't say the same about the food though. We'd been to Cuba Libre for brunch a couple of times before and we were impressed. Lunch was average at best. The plantain chips, guacamole and the pollo empanadas were simple, not impressive. 
The tapas were very similar. Elegant presentation but quite ordinary in taste. This is no run of the mill restaurant, which is also why we expected much more from this restaurant. It doesn't hurt to try it out once for yourself.The food was authentic and the Latin dancing provides plenty of people watching but $10.50 for a rum and coke?  Come on!Stopped in with another couple after a show at the Arden. Our friends had never been there before and loved it. Keenan,  our bartender was awesome. Attentive, personable, and helping us make some great drink selections.Two stars because the music and atmosphere here is a lot of fun. The gentlemen at the door were nice too. Otherwise I had a very poor experience. I am standing at the bar and watched the bartender pour our rum and cokes. He put a drop of rum and all ice and Coke. When I questioned him about the drink he stated that I am too drunk to taste the rum in it and dismissed me. This was my one and only drink of the evening, so needless to say I was slightly offended. I have worked in the food and drink industry for years and always made sure my customers were happy. If this is the way they treat their customers we will not be returning and we will spread the word.Cube Libre was a pleasant surprise in Olde City, Philadelphia.  The food was very good: we started off with a Ropa Vieja Arepa, which was amazing.  I then had the Ropa Vieja entree, which came with fluffy steamed rice...the tomato-based beef stew was great and full of flavor (although, it could have used just a little less salt).  The rice was plain, but a good way to clean the palate since there was so much flavor in the stew.  The dish also arrived with plantains that were cooked to perfection and were just the right amount of sweet.  The ambiance is lively and the decor gives a sense of Cuba at night.  I would definitely recommend this restaurant to anyone in Philly or those who are visiting.  It's located in a nice and safe area lined with other restaurants and bars, so it's a great place to have an evening out on the town.Bought an online cert for Cuba Libre yesterday, and used it the very same night! So I'm addicted to online deals. So what? It gets me to try new places, which in turn means more Yelp-tastic reviews for you. 
Overview: 4 solid stars for our particular experience, which was the "15 Tastes of Cuba" chef's tasting menu. Many flavors and dishes were spot-on authentic, and some we would leave behind. Great drinks, service, and atmosphere. 
Deats:
Starting with drinks, my friend and I both ordered Caipirinhas. She had the Mixed Berry, and I had the Ginger Lime. They were tasty, but a little chunky for my taste. After that, she got a pomegranate Mojito, which was the best mojito she's ever had. I got a Rum Flight, which I enjoyed thoroughly. 
Now the important stuff: the food!  Dinner was served in 15 small plates, starting with appetizers:
*Plantain, Malanga, and Yuca chips with Black Bean Hummus, Mushroom rilette, and smoked marlin salad.  We liked the Black Bean Hummus best, and the Malanga. The plantains weren't as crispy as we'd like. My friend loved the Marlin salad. 
The Citrus Marinated Scallops were awesomely fresh, with just the right amount of grapefruit. The House Emapanda we thought overly doughy with bland filling.  The Guava BBQ ribs were cooked perfectly, but too much sauce overpowered the dish. Our favorite app were the Fritters with taro, garlic and culantro. Seriously good. 
There were 3 Entrees, served on a long rectangular plate. The Vaca Frita, or "fried cow" was my friend's favorite, and she said it was extremely authentic. I did not care for it; to me it was as if someone put beef jerky in a blender. The more tender pieces were almost chuck-roast-esque. The Mango BBQ Shrimp was my favorite, although my friend thought it too sweet.  Served with chunks of avocado, I thought it was light and delicious. The Mahi-Mahi filet on "forbidden" black rice was ok, but rather bland given all the large flavors of the evening. The mahi was a little dry. 
Sides included Friend Plantains (can't go wrong with these. I would have happily had this for dessert) and Black Beans and Rice, which we really enjoyed.
The desserts: a flan, bread pudding, and small cookie were all well prepared and presented, but were not alluring to my particular sweet tooth. My friend said the flan was pretty darn good. Not as good as her grandmother's, but pretty darn good. 
Note: Our adorable server, Carl, was experiencing his very first dinner shift. He was very attentive and careful, and excited to tell us about each course. Ask for him. 
Atmosphere: I LOVE Cuba Libre's ambiance. Makes me happy.  Makes me feel like I'm not in 'just any' restaurant in Philly.  It has the ability to transport me to a different place, albeit temporarily.  For that, I am grateful.Beautifully decorated, courteous staff, good food, great overall experience.Delicious food you eat in silence because it is *that* good. Very fun and lively night life. Delicious drinks. It only loses a star for the weird tasting pineapple guacamole.
We went here last night to celebrate a special event. We arrived at 8:30 pm, about an hour earlier than our reservation. We wanted to stay for when it converted to a nightclub at 11/11:30 so it would have been better to come later since the food came out quick and we  were done eating at 9:30 with about 1.5-2 hours until dancing time. In any event we started with plantain chips and guacamole. I'm not sure if we got an off batch but this was just strange. Huge chunks of pineapple stirred in which I think along with the lime juice made for an overly acidic kind of funky taste. The chips were yummy and we kept trying it hoping it would grow on us but it never did. 
For our mains, we wanted to keep the meat consumption low so one of us ordered vaca frita which was skirt steak with crispy edges, sauteed onions and it came with rice and beans. The other ordered a side of rice and beans and maduros. We split the meat and maduros. The restaurant recommended mixing the rice and beans with the meat because they said the acid taste in the meat was too overwhelming but we are glad we kept it separate. Neither one of us found it overwhelming at all.  We experienced a flavor explosion which each bite of steak which was perfectly crispy and tender. The citrus sauce that was a perfect complement. The rice beans and maduros were well executed and delicious. The cinnamon mango butter and bread was also yummy.
I got a nojito-first passion fruit and later when we were dancing-mango. Truly yummy and delicious even with no alcohol. I didn't feel like I was missing out at all.
We made our way to the bar to wait for the dancing to open up and when it did, it was plain fun. Great music selection although it started to get a little too crowded at 12:30. We stayed until about 1 am but it was a evening well spent. The only other issue was there was a waiter/employee who we kept encountering who was clearly suffering from some kind of severe abdominal distress because we kept walking into his fart cloud. That was unpleasant but we hope he feels better and avoids eating whatever led to the putrid odor.
We will definitely return.The first time I dined here was during "brunch" I met some friends here for a quick drink/ light bite . I was very annoyed that since I wasn't doing the unlimited brunch I couldn't order anything a la carte. I wasn't in the mood to spend 30+ dollars on one dish so i drank my calories that day and vowed i probably wouldn't be back .
Fast forward to a few weeks ago when I attended a rehersal dinner here . Service was ok .. The timing of dishes wasn't the best so others were waiting for entrees but all and all a good meal.
Apps were served family style my favorite or the night was the  corn dip and shrimp app. 
My fish entree was cooked to perfection and was very flavorful.
Dinner left a better impression than brunch so I may wait until I'm really hungry and try the unlimited tapas brunch .
They make a great cane mojitoWent here on a Friday around 7 with three of my friends. The atmosphere was relaxing and it wasn't too crowded. Had three different menus presented to us--the regular menu, drinks menu and the Cuban Cookout menu (a summer special). Ordered the Sweet Tea Mojito which was a great blend of alcohol and sweet tea--I've been to a lot of places where it was either too sweet or too strong. Tried my friend's Mango Mojito which was pretty good as well! While we were waiting for our entrees, the server brought in bread with mango butter--so delicious, although the bread was a little greasy. For the entree, I ordered the Cuban sandwich which was tasty and filling. Next time I'd probably try to go here during happy hour to try more of their tasty mojitos!Had the mimosa rojo. It was a nice change from the traditional but nothing special. I had the chorizo potato omelet which was on point. They call it fluffy and are they right!!! The cheesy potatoey texture mixed with  the perfect seasoning played like a symphony on my taste buds. This was my first time visit but it is definitely not my last! The only reason for the 4 stars and not the five is because I at at the bar for about 10 minutes while the bar tenders kept passing by without saying anything, not making drinks. I will chalk this up to them being busy and just an oversight.i love this place.  i've had my brithday here among other things.  great mojitos and other tropical drinks.  great salsa dancing.  one problem is that it gets really crowded on the weekend nights and there is usually a line to get in.The Restaurant has rooms that are decorated very authentic. I made reservations on line for 7:30. The place was not that busy. Plenty of empty tables downstairs. Yet the hostess took us upstairs in a side corner room with nothing to see but a plain wall. The table next to this one was empty and was by a window, I asked if we could move to that one and she said yes. Being that the Restaurant was not that busy for a Friday night, I should had known why. The drinks were ok but nothing extraordinary. But the food was disappointing. I ordered the pargo(fish) dish. Portion was small for the price, on top of that,  semi warm, and the taste was not all that. My wife had the lechón. Pretty straight forward, Cuban classic, again Two very small portions, with a yuca paste and coleslaw. Very disappointed with the food experience. The service was very good. The waitress was very nice and consistent. Had not been here for a few years, now I remembered why. For authentic or tasty Cuban food this is not the place. Plus when leaving the restaurant, the tables in the better areas of restaurant were still empty. Why put customers in remote areas , when main areas are empty, makes no sense.This is a fantastic Cuban restaurant! I had such a great time here. We were a big party of 10+ people and were seated upstairs at a long table. We ordered tons of people, practically everything on the menu from the mixed appetizers including the excellent BBQ ribs. I had the Pescado de Oriente (Whole boneless fillet of Australian sea bass a la plancha, "Chino-Cubano" fried rice and baby sprout salad. Sweet chile-citrus and ajinjoli sauce) which was BEYOND WONDERFUL. It was, as the description said, a WHOLE boneless sea bass fish grilled and spiced and cooked to perfection. The Chino-Cubano fried rice was also perfect and the sauce was divine. I loved every single bite and I cleaned my plate which almost never happens.
The mojitos left something to be desired although my companions raved about the Cuban style coffee with coconut milk which I didn't try since I can't  tolerate dairy well. I tried the rum soaked cake which has an extremely pungent rum taste with a sweet aftertaste. Very authentic. In general, the entire meal from start to finish was about $50 per person which was very generous considering we had tons of liquor, appetizers, entrees and desserts. 
Later on, there was salsa dancing in the main lobby downstairs and some couples were really good! The weather was balmy, the doors were open, and the whole place seemed like some plantation owners' mini mansion in Cuba. Wonderful atmosphere and food - wish they had 'em like here in New York!This place has very good authentic Cuban food.  The Cuban Sandwich is fantastic as is their black been soup.   Lots of good varieties of margaritas and mojitos as well.   The ambience and decor is unique.The food is excellent and the waitresses are really hot! The decor inside makes you feel like you are sitting on the sidewalk in the middle of Cuba, which is awesome, considering you are in the middle of Philadelphia. On Friday and Saturday nights they do salsa dancing and it draws a fun crowd.Cuba  Libre....mmmm...mmm...mmm!!  The food is great and the drinks were too!  Try the mojitos...you can't go wrong!  The menu selection is pretty good but I have to confess I don't recall much of it.  The atmosphere and ambiance are what really attract me to this place, truly a diamond in the not-so-rough. I will be back again .Though Cuba Libre is typically out of the price range for a college student, this place was worth it.I seldom base a review on a single dish, but the fish stew is rather transcendent. This is the first time I've been here in years, 
Back in Philly after three years away, and this was a favorite place for happy hour back in the day when I used to work in Center City.
I was excited that my Father in law mentioned you as one of his favorites. We came for lunch during restaurant week.
Man that fish stew was awesome. 
The ham and cheese croquettes were way salty to begin with, and then salted. Poor decision there.
But that was it for bad. Service was great, and croquettes? I should have ordered something more complicated. 
Will be back. Next time I might not be with my father in law and have responsibilities, so keep the rum flowing.Love the ambiance of this place. The quality of food to cost ratio is a bit pricey; however, the aesthetic atmosphere definitely makes up for the loss.I've been here twice at the Philly location.  Once for happy hour and once for dinner.  
Their menu is heavy on the fried food, so if you're not in the mood for that and don't want to pay for one of the more expensive entrees, you should go elsewhere.
The happy hour menu has a lot to choose from and an awesome option where you get one of each tapa for like $32.... great way to try their food and do dinner for less money!
When we went for dinner it was the week before Christmas so there was a holiday office party happening on the lower level that made the noise level way too loud for friends trying to catch up over dinner.  We also had told them we were celebrating a birthday and they didn't do anything for our friend and we had to watch as other tables were given decorated dessert.  Minor thing, but still.
The mixed grill platter is AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!  My husband and I shared it and it was very worth it.  Our friends did the chefs tasting and we want to go back and do that as well - it was presented beautifully and they loved everything.
Mojitos are great and definitely worth getting a pitcher and probably an extra shot of rum.This review is purely on drinks and atmosphere. I did not try the food here.
Drinks: Are you kidding me? Either they are just good at mojitos or cuban drinks or was not my day. Ordered a Pisco Sour (contains pisco, white eggs, lime juice, bitter and ice), what I got was something between orange juice, lime and no alcohol! C'mon! Then, stayed for the Sat night dance time, all of the drinks ordered (Jack & Coke, Long Island Ice Tea and Tequila w/cranberry juice) were watered! After three/four drinks, I just realized I wasted my money.
Atmosphere: I get it, it is the only place with music to dance (variety of Latin, Hip Hop, Top 40s and so) that has no cover and let anyone in. Music was good though, crowd... not really.Decent.
Guac was disappointing.
The Empanadas, Baby Octopus and the Cheese/Spinach Puffs were delicious. Well made drinks tooI dined at Cuba Libre for the first time over the weekend.  I had been here once before for drinks - the coconut mojito is ridiculous!  The space itself is incredible.  You feel like you are dining in Cuba - something you'd see if Disney opened a Cuban restaurant at the World Showcase in Epcot.
There were six of us.  We ordered a bunch of tapas, which make up half the menu so there was plenty to choose from.  They did have some vegan options - though the waiter seemed a little rushed/annoyed when I asked him for a rundown of the vegan options on the menu.  I hate to be a pain, but you never know where butter or eggs can pop up so I'm hesitant to rely solely on the menu description. 
It was a fun experience.  Something different!  I especially enjoyed the guacamole (I'd recommend it over the dip trio - the hummus was quite salty).  However, some of the tapas were a lot smaller than I expected for the price.  $13 for four small spareribs seems pretty steep, though I did hear they were very good.
We stayed for coffee and dessert which ended up being the highlight of the evening.  I ordered the Café Cuba Libre (coffee and coconut milk).  I am not a big coffee drinker, but wow!   Dare I say best coffee I've ever had?!  I was up half the night, but it was so worth it!  My sister ordered the chocolate torte.  Everyone else was too full for dessert until they saw her reaction to the first bite - then everyone else had to try!  Apparently it was amazing.
Overall it was a very nice night out.  I'm sure I'll be back, but only when I'm up for splurging.My review is based solely on the Mango Mojito...  Make sure you ask Keenan or Sean to make it for you...      Only complaint is the glass is too small!!Had drinks and brunch here several times, excellent food, drinks and service. Friendly staff and bartenders. Highly recommend itTo be honest, I almost gave it one star as it better fit the description of "Eek! Methinks not" than "Meh. I've experienced better" but I didn't feel right about giving Cuba Libre a single star, it probably deserves more like 1.5, so I rounded up. 
I also need to preface the following review by saying that I went for Restaurant Week brunch. Now I know that they are not primarily a brunch spot and I know the argument that Restaurant Week is not fitting for a review of an establishment but I personally disagree with both arguments. If you can't do brunch well, don't offer it and if you plan on half-assing Restaurant Week, don't participate - those are the restaurants decisions and so my review is based on the experience that Cuba Libre offered me. 
The specialty brunch menu appeared really wonderful online and so I was really excited to try this new take on Restaurant Week. My friend and I started with two cups of coffee. The coffee was watery and hugely disappointing. I see from past reviews this is a common problem here. 
For the starter we both ordered the Chicharrones de Pollo. The entire dish was extremely heavy and greasy and covered in some sort of thick "sauce". The chicken was not the most appetizing and I found it to be lower grade chicken than I tend to eat. Both of us took a few bites and then let the rest be taken away. 
Our entrees were different but both were disappointing. I ordered the Huevos en Cazuela which is described as a "casserole of eggs, olive oil smashed potatoes, chorizo sausage, Monterey Jack cheese and roasted tomato chipotle salsa". The dollop of roasted tomato chipotle salsa on the top was the only highlight and it wasn't much to write home about. The rest of the dish can better be described as overly cooked to the point of two glassy and hardened eggs (which I had to fold off they were so hard and disgusting), small spam like meat substances with one or two chorizo pieces thrown in and a burnt bottom and strange smell in a 2x4 inch casserole dish. My friend went with the Miami Frita (aka Cuban burger). She said the meat was OK but the rest of the dish was disappointing. 
We both ended the meal with the churro's. I found them to also be very greasy and heavy (and not in the way you would obviously expect but in a twice fried and left on the counter kind of way) and I didn't love the thin sour chocolate that accompanied the dish (but this could be personal preference). 
In the end, I came to a restaurant for extremely sub-par food and will never return again. Oh and I should probably mention that the service was pretty mediocre. Maybe they did deserve one star...I 've been to both Cuba Libre...in Atlantic City and in Philly...both nice, the once in AC had a live show with dancers which was fun...the drinks I felt were too juicy...a mojito is supposed to have a little kick, but didn't...even after three....the mango butter is sooogood...I also tried the black been humus which was okay too....food was good also...but not the best cuban food I've had.I decided to try Cuba Libre for my birthday after a recommendation from a friend. I was having a bit of a sour night to begin with because several of members of my party had cancelled and/or were very late for my reservation.
The staff were more than understanding of the situation and delivered A+ customer service. I talked on the phone with the hostess and they were able to seat my party once we all arrived. 
Our waitress was friendly and more than helpful when it came to explaining parts of the menu, recommending tapas and cocktails. My table chose from a selection of tapas- Guacamole, Chiccharones, Cuban Sandwich Spring Rolls, Empanadas, Steamed Mussels and Spinach and Manchego Bunuelos. The guacamole is delicious and the pineapple and jalapenos add just the right amount of sweet and heat. Another favorite were the mussels. My table were fighting over who would get to finish the delicious lobster broth! I could eat the broth alone- it is that good. The complementary bread with mango butter is also a favorite. We kept asking for more!
The overall atmosphere was great! The music and decor transport you straight to Cuba! I will be visiting again!Likes:
-bread served with sweet butter--LOVED!!
-arepa appetizer
-split-level, vibrant old cuban ambiance
Dislikes:
-ropa vieja: this beef dish came out a bit too wet for my liking and was drenched in tomato. I have never seen ropa vieja come out so soupy
-vaca frita: the beef was served in cubes instead of shredded
-Waitress spoke poorer Spanish than what I remember from high school!
Cute place, but in terms of quality and authenticity, look elsewhere. I suppose that's the problem with chains.This place is terrible. 
The mojitos are way too sweet and watered down. 
The food was meh at best. The bread good (I mean what doesn't butter make good?), the mango butter was very good as well. The mariquitas and dips were the best part of the meal!
My fish was fishy and nasty. No one else raved about the food. 
I will say the maduros were great. 
2 drinks each, shared apps and meals was $60 each. NOT WORTH IT. Even the cafe con leche was lame and watered down. 
Serivce absolutely terrible.My bf and I decided to try Cuba Libre last Saturday night after reading all the positive reviews here on Yelp. Unfortunately, I cannot write a review about the food because apparently, one has to wear wingtips to eat a pernil sandwich. Their jerk of a doorman gave us attitude about their "dress code"... no sneakers allowed. Mind you, he only told us this after we told him we didnt have a reservation but had spoken to the hostess who gave us a 30 min wait time for our table. I did get a chance to peek inside and saw many patrons wearing sandals and other very casual attire. I guess my dress and my bf's button down were not enough to nosh on some friggin' tostones.Went here for dinner with my wife last night and it was not as expected. 
Parts of the menu have drifted far apart from typical Cuban cuisine. Comparing these to Miami Cuban fare, CL is not what I expected for food.  The tapas menu definitely various items were NOT typical Cuban. From too spicy to outright bland. The table next to us complained about how salty the arroz con pollo was. Overall the food rating is give 1 star. 
The drink menu was comprehensive, tentative on typical Caribbean choices but bizarre combinations for mojito. Why dress up a mojito when the Authentic Mojito done right will always prevail. We changed our drinks after the first round to pisco sour which was surprisingly good. For drinks I will give it 3 stars.  
For after hours entertainment I found it odd that patrons were rushed or made to understand that the tables would need to be relinquished by 10:30. I get it that the dance floor and where people eat and vice versa but there was an older couple obviously enjoying their meal while tables around them were being carried out to make room for dance floor and they were not happy. 
Forget the bottle service. A quick adventure through their website proved to be unfruitful. Things are not clear and they certainly didn't call back. One of the managers came by to explain the process and said a bottle would be a mínimo of 200 however the service menu had a pitcher of mojito for 50 dollars and he said it wouldn't be considered a bottle??  After all there was only two of us. 
The DJ was eh. Music is music. Why announce the DJ name after every two songs is annoying. But CL turned to kiddie land. Lots of younger folks some that had drunk heavily prior to showing up, stumbling through the dance floor which made it impossible to dance. So for the value of entertainment I give it one star just because it can't be zero. 
Two stars is generous and they could learn from Cuban cuisine fail safe dishes from Miami counterparts.My husband had such a nice afternoon just sitting outside and taking in the air and the locals. The decor is AMAZING. You absolutely feel like you are in Cuba. They've done a wonderful job. 
The hostess was gracious and seated is exactly where we wanted and the waiter was very knowledgeable. The recommended getting an Agua Fresca and ($5) and adding a shot of rum ($1). I liked the Guarapincoco with white rum- very pina colada- like. The Cava Mojito
was also a nice light choice. 
We ordered from the brunch menu- all tapas style. We had the pork belly, which was excellent, really well cooked. I just wish for $8 we got more than 3 small slices. I even bamboozled the waiter into getting me some empanadas, which were not on the menu. He said he would check with the kitchen and we had excellent beef empanadas with olives and raisins. Now that's service. 
Would absolutely love to come back here for dinner or just drinks with friends.Great place to take a date for some Latin dancing.  I've never had the food at this place but I hope to try it one day I've only been for Latin dancing on Saturday nights. It's always packed!This place is good, real good.  
I loved the mango butter that starts the meal, with the grilled bread.  The staff is very, very attentive.  The cocktails are suburb.  I'm not a fan of mojitos, but I figured that since I'm at a Cuban restaurant, that I should give them another shot.  I was pleasantly surprised... not that I'm, now, a mojito fan, but I definitely thought it was good.
The empanadas... oh, the empanadas... try them all, you'll like them all.
At the conclusion of your meal, your check comes neatly tucked away in a cigar box... clever for a Cuban place.  I like it, it's discreet.  
Oh, I almost forgot to mention that the inside of this place looks like you're sitting streetside, or in a courtyard in Havana.  I like it!input attitude of the staff is rude and disrespectful to the public. I agree that the right of admission is reserved , but there are ways formed politely . Not an idiot revision everyone ajajo above as if people were trash. man what he deserved was to split the quele face. I just observe your attitude and did not like . people deserve respect . a place apart is that their music is not America , it's my little foot and old music , hip hop is pure dspuesPassion fruit mojitos, the black bean soup, the seafood soup, the pineapple guac, all of it was delicious! I'd come again for sure.This review is based solely on one visit ... Sunday all you can eat brunch!!!!  Three girls + ordered almost 70% of the menu == very happy Sunday.  The rum coffee my friend ordered is still something we talk about.
Caution - you must decide to consume 2,000+ calorie menu without any remorse.  Or else don't bother. :)
(Salute to my great grandmother from Cuba!)Service was the best part of our entire experience, drinks not so much. Our waiter was very friendly and attentive (we had a large party so it was very impressive). 
Everyone ordered a mojito but all we tasted was sugar, hardly any alcohol. Multiple people ordered the mango mojito and one person's turned out much darker in color and thinker and tasted like straight juice. We asked them to take it back and get a new one but it was the same as the last.
They finally told us it was because they ran out of mango liquor and used mango puree instead...what they SHOULD have done was told us that they had run out and offered a different flavor or told us the alternative. The waiter was kind enough the comp that drink. 
My section started off with the pineapple guac which was very tasty but a bit too sour from the pineapple. I ordered the Vacio steak which was hard to chew and overcooked (asked for medium). Others ordered the tapas which seemed to have been the best "entree" and the sandwiches were good as well. Perhaps stick with the non-beef entrees and venture out to the tapas where you can try multiple items.I came here since my friend wanted to check it out. We didn't come for dinner but for the after restaurant party. The music was okay but the DJ was horrible he didn't know how to mix and played old hits.
I doubt I would come back for the club part but maybe come and try the food.After being inundated with southern hip hop Friday nite I started looking for a spot with some music I could actually step to. Cuba Libre seemed like the best bet plus their menu looked real good. 
Well, I made reservations for 11 pm, which ended up being a good thing since my friend & I bypassed the line outside. After 11 pm the restaurant converts into a little club. I wasn't hungry at all so we just drank & danced. They have a ton of mojitos, rums, caipirinhas, and a few piscos, so you have lots of options to satisfy your alcoholism. 
The only issues were major though. I think most people would rather hear music instead of some DJ talking every 3 minutes. I was wondering if I was really at a Jamaican block party especially since you couldn't understand anything the DJ was saying. The other issue was the AC or lack thereof on the upper dance floor. The restaurant area was nice and cool while the dance floor was stuffy with the fans off. Huh? 
I'd still come back to try the food and more drinks though.This place has amaaazing food.   I haven't been to Philly in over 5 years and I still dream about this place...I went here for lunch on Labor Day and was pleasantly surprised. The mojitos are what they're known for. I had a mango mojito which was very tasty, not a lot of alcohol but very sweet and good! I loveee the yucca fries, probably the best ones I've ever had. I had the Del Mar which included the Seafood Soup (that I can eat all day), mahi mahi over black rice with squid (nicely seasoned. The rice is soooo tasty) and shrimp ceviche (perfect combo of sweet and tangy) all for $16.
Service:
Service was ok, the waitress didn't explain the menu so at first we didn't know that it's tapas style and you get three meals. 
We also had the chips and various dips as an appetizer which were good, but we were charged $3 for more chips without letting us know it would be more. 
I would definitely return if I visit Philly again, but probably for dinner.First thought when looking at this place was that it seemed like a novelty restaurant that relies on the atmosphere for business rather than its food, we were way off! The warm ambiance and open dining space instantly puts you in a good mood. The Lechon Asado and Ropa Vieja dishes were made to perfection, which we finished despite being full. As others have mentioned, the mango butter IS delicious and a must. Enjoyable experience, wish we could have been there for a salsa night!Food and drinks were really good! The bread with the mango butter was unreal and unexpected.  The guac with the plantain chips was a super cool/ delicious new twist for eating this traditional dish. My boyfriend and I each got steak and they were done to perfection. The flavors were amazing, and we were so stuffed and had no room for dessert. The decor and ambiance is really nice and fun, and makes you feel like you're dining in Cuba.I finally found parking right outside of the restaurant and decided to have lunch......very nice atmosphere...we ate al freso on this beautiful day....our waiter Brennan....was very knowledgeable about all the items on the menu and was very helpful with suggestions for us newbies.....I had the Bento Box and bf had the Del Mar...Both awsone choices, great flavor. ......our drinks were not to our liking....well definitely return!The food and service was exemplary to say to least! I went for the brunch and all I'm saying is, "take your time"! I was more than satisfied with the food portions! Great food, great time, highly recommended!!!My wife and I spent the New Years at Cuba Libre with some friends. I know places tend to get crowded during the holidays, but it didn't seem like they prepared for the amount of people that showed up.  The music was way off balance (quite a bit of distortion feed back from the high volume). They have  a few tables on the first floor located between the two bathrooms and the kitchen door.   Needless to say, that's not an ideal location to put tables.  The lines to use the restrooms were backed up to where the people were eating.  And to top it off, the toilet in one of them didn't flush.  It would help if they designated genders for restrooms too. This way you don't have men and women waiting for the same restroom. 
There weren't enough bartenders for the occasion, so they all had to rush to serve in a timely manner and so my drinks weren't all that great.
The music being played wasn't all that great either, but the salsa music at the end was great!  They should have started with that!!!
They also need a new system for the coat check!I had a late lunch at Cuba Libre today.
I ordered the lunch Cuban bento box and was pleasantly surprised by the size of the portions. It is now dinner time and I don't feel hungry yet.
Today with the lunch bento box, I had guacamole (with roasted pineapple) and plantain chips, a burger sliders, an empanadas, and a 3-leche small cake for dessert.  All of this for $16!
The place is very cute and you immediately feel transported to Cuba. They also have a big, open bay window and some music (not too loud, which is perfect)!
I am not putting 5 stars because I found the dishes a little bit too salty for my taste.I usually don't write reviews,but my experience at Cuba libre was not good at all. The guacamole tasted so bad. It was old and not fresh at all. The scallops ceviche was so small for that price. We ordered a churrasco as the main course. It was so expensive and the portion was a joke! We love going to restaurants, but if you really want to offer great dining experience please listen to guests comments in how to improve in general.Sat down at 430. Restaurant pretty empty, we were the only new table. Hostess gave us menus. Waiters walked by and ignored us over and over, no water, no one asked if we wanted a drink or anything. We walked out after ten minutes of being ignored. It was not busy in there. No one asked us why we were leaving including the hostess we walked right by. Guess they didn't want our business. They won't get another shot at it.Some friends and I went here for brunch on a Saturday afternoon. We sat outside since the weather was gorgeous out. We ordered some champagne mojitos for the table which were amazing and very refreshing. One of the people at the restaurant said they get their sugar cane from the Dominican Republic everyday. They served us pressed Cuban bread with mango butter which was absolutely melt in your mouth goodness with a hint of fuzziness (because of the mango). I had ordered the Mahi Mahi flatbread which was more like a thin flatbread with argula, tomatoes, a good portion of Mahi Mahi that was lightly breaded and fried(not greasy at all) topped with avocado and chipotle sauce. The Mahi Mahi was very moist and everything really complimented each other on the plate. A friend ordered the Torreja, which was so delicious, but that dish is very sweet, so not for amateurs who can't take the sweet! My other friend ordered the veggie flatbread which was more like a flatbread pizza but pretty tasty, nonetheless. We had ordered the guacamole as an appetizer but it never came, but aside from that the service was good and the people were nice. I've never had my water glass filled so many times, but with the heat..I'm definitely glad it was! Also, the Cafe Cuba Libre was amazing. I wonder if they make it iced? I'm sure that would be pretty good too and nice for a warmer day. I think this place is a great place to chill with friends have some drinks or cafe in the late afternooon or for brunch. One of the workers said that at night they clear the tables and it becomes a full out salsa club. I guess Cuba Libre is a place to go day or night!Yet another wonderful experience with the girlfriend at a lovely ethnic place. The mojitos are delicious, and something of a speciality there. They have a whole menu of mojitos. I had the watermelon one, and loved it. 
The atmosphere is unmistakably Cuban, from the palm leaves and nautical themes, to the cigar boxes that your check arrives in.
Would go again.The food here is good but nothing amazing or spectacular.  I don't find it to be authentic Cuban because it's a little more bland than caribbean food.  I had the mofongo which was a little dry and the skirt steak which was pretty good.  
Mojitos are awesome but are better during dinner than they are after hours during the club.  I feel like they are super watered down after hours.
Happy Hour is really nice.  The caripihinas (sp?) are DISGUSTING. The sangria is basic - it tastes more like grape juice than anything.  I suggest to stick with the mojitos.
I also frequent Cuba Libre at night when it is a dance club.  It's my go-to spot in Phila when I'm looking to dance salsa and bachata.  I'm not a huge fan of some of the music selection and am looking for a new place to frequent.  
**The location of this place is awesome though.  Smack right in the middle of Olde City and easy to bar hop.When I'm in the mood for some salsa music, I do two things: 1)Get a refresher lesson at Brasil's and 2)Go dancing at Cuba Libre. Lucky for me they are about a block's walk away from one another in the jungle that is Old City. There's never a cover, so it's usually packed though!
It's definitely a lot of fun; if you're looking for a good time and happen to be near Old City, I'd definitely check it out!Went here last night and I really enjoyed myself the music was good I felt like I was dancing most of the night n that never happens the drinks were affordable I didn't feel like I got ripped off bc the drinks were really good U can tell the bartender took their time with each drinkWhether for their weekend all you can eat brunch or for their weekend night salsa dancing, I enjoy this place. Food is delicious and the music is lively.
Edit: went here for a large party brunch after my wedding and all of our guests loved it! Staff was pleasant to work with and were flexible on the short notice. Awesome!I was here for a friend's birthday dinner, and they had vegan options which I enjoyed.
I'm not very familiar with Cuban food but the food was good. However the portions were incredibly small. 
Also since I was here for a friend's birthday (which we didn't mention to our waiter or hostess) the server brought out a cake with a candle (which we didn't order) which was nice, until they charged us for it!
Overall the atmosphere was nice but that isn't enough to get me to come back here.I had low expectations about the food here; don't know why.  Maybe it's the somewhat cheesy decor, maybe the fairly limited menu.  Maybe it was the flavorless, mushy "Cuban bread" with the far too sweet mango butter that landed on the table. 
The entrees though, are solid 4 star winners. Everyone in my small party thought their meal was fantastic.  Was it "Cuban"? Probably not. But who cares? What that food is, is very good.Before I begin, let me preface this by stating that I have eaten at the Orlando establishment and a member of my party ate at your Atlantic City establishment.  My girlfriend and I made reservations to dine there to begin her birthday celebration.  Our party of 3 arrived promptly for our 6:30 reservation, and we were seated upstairs. Kat; I believe that was her name, was our server for the evening.  She promptly brought us water and proceeded to take our drink orders. We received our drinks and after a few moments later Kat returned to take our dinner order.  After taking our order, we realized that the table next to us, which were seated after us, had received their appetizers and we still as of that moment didn't even receive bread for our table.  When we were able to tell our server, she stated that the bread does not come from the kitchen but another area.  When we did receive our bread, the bread was cold and the mango butter was partially melted. This told me that the bread had been sitting for some time.  At this time we noticed our server talking to a manager; we later learned his name was Gabriel, but he never once approached our table.
When our meals arrived, my girlfriend and I were both not satisfied with our meals.  I ordered the Vaca Frita and felt that the food had no taste or seasoning.  When I explained this to our server, she asked me if I wanted to substitute my meal for something else.  I explained to her that my appetite had now waned and if I ordered something different my party would be waiting for me to finish.  Our server left our table and was approached by the manager Gabriel.  After talking to him for a few moments, she returned to the table with a menu and began to show me different things on the menu that I could order.  I explained to her again that I did not want anything else from the menu.  My girlfriend ordered El Pollo del Solar and felt it was a bit watery.  At that point in time we asked to speak to a manager.  During our conversations with Kat, we noticed Gabriel off to the side watching our table but not interceding or introducing himself.  It wasn't until our server went to talk to him that he actually approached our table.  
After introducing himself, we began to explain what our problems where with our meal and our service.  When my girlfriend explained to him how her meal tasted, he begin to explain the process of how the food was prepared and that she should have asked for it to be made differently if that is what she wanted.  At this point in time it appeared as if Gabriel was being patronizing.  He was leaning over one of the empty chairs, hands clasped, with an empty look on his face.  After talking to him for a few minutes more, my girlfriend  stated "I don't want to talk to you anymore, can you just bring us the bill."  At this point in time Gabriel responded "Well if I can say one more thing, person to person...." Which prompted her to tell him to remove himself from our table.  I asked Kat to bring us our bill and asked to speak to another manager.  The manager I spoke to; Franco McGarrit, and I discussed the situation and he should be lauded for his handling of it.   
Overall, my experience at this location was marred by inconsistent service from a pitiable manager with lackluster communication and people skill.  A dining experience that was flawed by a couple of minor incidents was magnified into a contemptible experience mainly from the actions of Gabriel.  Franco was able to lighten the situation some, but our party's whole experience was not what one would expect from your company.I want it very clear for the record.  I am not a fan of Mojitos, UNTIL I came to Cuba Libre.  The drinks themselves look like works of art.  Everyone was drinking them, and it is one of their specialties so I said why not and ordered one since believe it or not, you aren't supposed to ask a stranger if you can taste their Mojito.  Crazy.
I am so glad I ordered a Mojito.  It was insane!  Liquid ecstasy.  One quickly turned into two, before I went to my next spot.  They are super tangy and not overly minty, which is why I tend not to like them.  I still will not order them, but I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THE MOJITOS even to those who don't like them.  If you love limey or tart drinks this is on point.  I'm still blown away.  I wish I could have stayed here longer and drink myself sloppy on them.
In terms of ambiance, the bar is cute and dark.  It got packed very quickly. I loved the honesty of the bartender who criticized customers who ordered flavored Mojitos.  He doesn't recommend them at all.  My kind of man!  And I got to see true Philadelphia mafia men with their big bulky body guards and "interesting" looking women.  Good times.Mango butter! The bread came kind of slow, and my friend made fun of me for asking about bread while we were waiting. "Is this Olive Garden?!" But I saw bread on other peoples table and I was hungry!
I don't even care about the rest of the meal because that mango butter was delicious! Can we have more bread? Seconds? Thirds?
We went for the restaurant week and I got the pork knuckle with polenta. So filling!! Was still tasty the next day when I reheated the leftovers in a toaster oven. I was so filled off the bread / mango butter that I didn't have room for the macaroons that came with the rice pudding dessert, so I brought that home too. They even individually packaged it for us!
The space is beautiful, makes me feel like I'm in vacation. Apparently, the restaurant turns into a salsa club late at night. 
And I end this review with... Mango butter!! I will be back for you!!Don't get me wrong, Great food and atmosphere. Came here for my birthday. Wait staff treated us very nicely. However the man kept bringing appetizers that we didn't order and we assumed it was on the house or something. Also gave us bottled Fiji water and would only recommend the most expensive items. Ended up with a 600$ bill due to all the 'not so free' appetizers that he kept dumping on our table. I Had a good time but felt taken advantage of, don't go here if you're on a budget. Food was overpriced, save yourself the time and go to El Vez for cheaper food that tastes better.I had been here before at night for drinks and dancing and it was pretty fun. However, this review is mostly about the brunch, which is an absolute must.
Tapas style, very good to share. Everything was delicious. Drinks were also amazing. I recommend the white wine sangria and the watermelon mimosa. 
The place is really cool inside, very interesting decoration and looks great on a sunny day. The staff was also extremely nice, in fact, they gave us free drinks because we were too close to another table (which I hadn't really noticed until the manager pointed it out). 
Prices were extremely decent for how good the food was. They recommend 3-4 plates per person but we shared 3 total with my girlfriend and were completely satisfied so it was a pretty cheap eat.Yum, yum, yum! Delicious Cuban food and mojitos. We didn't have reservations but were seated almost immediately (upstairs). I'd recommend reservations for a better table, but dining here was still enjoyable.Now this is what I call little Cuba in the heart of Philly! The murals are amazing! The music was on point! And the drinks and it's price tag was exceptional. No complaints at all. They even gave us these little glow necklaces that was pretty cool. 
I think what made it even better was that the DJ played what he wanted without being interrupted by a drunk woman who wants a random bachata song. He was safe in a balcony that no one can get too! Trust me we tried!Only got take out for lunch. The cubanno salad was exceptional. Though I did not get one myself my friend loved the mojitos. I look forward to returning for diner soon.I was in Philly on business and tried this restaurant on a recommendation from a stranger and I was extremely impressed with the whole experience. We were a party of 12 and we sat on the second floor. I found the restaurant to be decorated quite creatively and this provided an amazing atmosphere for dining. Our server was very nice and very knowledgeable about the menu.  My mango mojito was just superb and the food was as equally delicious. At the end of the meal the waitress accommodated our request for separate checks without batting an eyelash.So. This is my second time eating here... It's been a while. Anyway, the food was really effin' good. I can't complain about my baked Juevos and Chorizo thinger at all. The portion was good; it was piping hot and had a ton of flavour. My girlfriend though... The portions she received were just comical. She got the Juevos Benedict on a crab cake. They came out on small cookie sized crab cakes. Seriously, it was like 5 bites.
On to the drinks. Coffee was great. The Cuban Mary was nice and spicy but weak in terms of booze. And 8 bucks is a lot to ask for a bloody mary that comes in such a small cup. Then again, I didn't come here thinking it was going to be a bargain.
Dessert. Yeah, we got dessert at brunch. So what of it?
We had the bread pudding topped with hazelnut crunches, whipped cream, and this awesome fruit (maybe apricots?)
The staff kinda sucked. She forgot to bring us their signature bread and mango butter. Also, I felt like we were profiled from the time we walked in. Maybe it was the t-shirt I had on. Who knows?
4 stars for the food, 3 stars for the service, and 2 stars for the value (price to portion index)
Overall: 3 stars. And I would certainly come back.Pros: 
Extensive rum menu
Chicken empanadas are delicious
Shrimp cocktail is also quite good
Tasting menu is a good value
Cons:
Overly sweet drinks, and I generally like sweet drinks
Moros y cristianos was so salty as to be inedible
Maduros weren't ripe, just spongy and flavorlessWent here for Restaurant Week. Had a fantastic meal, topped off by some heavenly flan, which I normally don't like. The pulpo was also very good. Took a risk and loved it.We split three tapas - empanadas, marinated mushrooms, and guacamole with plantain chips and all were great. Their mojitos are excellent as well.C-A-L-I-E-N-T-E.
No comprendes?
No problemo.
You don't need to speak Spanish to get a little taste of Havana in this Philadelphia hot spot.  Guantanamo-esque decor meets metropolitan chic to create an amazing venue.
From salsa dancing to ridiculous quantities of rum and other island specialties, Cuba Libre is not for the boring or lazy.  Be prepared to sweat dancing up a storm!They are suppose to be known for their Mojitos but mine was really tasteless.  Mojito is my drink so I was excited to seek them out but was really disappointed...we went only for a drink before a dinner reservation elsewhere.  There was barely any mint or lime juice.  It was basically rum and tonic.  Won't go back.  Maybe the bartender was having a bad day but I've had better ones at a sports bar.Stopped by for brunch with the parents not too long ago.  Was pretty upset compared to the last time I came here.  The menu appared much, much smaller and the food was so-so.
They served appetizers of cuban bread with mango butter.  This may have been the best part of the meal cause that mango butter is pretty delish.
My entree was the corn pancakes with fried chicken strips.  It was served with a rum syrup.  This dish really didn't do much for me.  Just felt lacking.
Maybe this place changed since I last came?  or maybe I just shouldn't come here for brunch?Definitely a fan of this place. Have been there twice but I already can't wait to go back. They have dancing on Friday/Saturday nights and amazing mojitos. The first time I went was for lunch during the week. I had the Cuban bento box which was 12 bucks I believe and had SO MUCH food ! It came with empandas, a reuben, guacamole with banana chips, rice, and a small desert (I believe it was a flan? don't quote me on that). Everything was really good and super flavorful. The second time I went was on a Saturday night and it was super packed! It has 2 levels and both had so many people. There was a DJ and live salsa dancers that night which got everyone super amped up to get dancing. They play all different types of latin music like bachata, reggaeton, salsa, merengue, etc. Lots of single people too if you're looking :PVisiting Philly for the weekend. Did a search for restaurants near our hotel, and found Cuba Libre. Such a great decision! The decor was awesome, the service was great and the food and drinks were out of this world. We have drinks, appetizers, dinner and then coffees. Everything was amazing! Highly recommend.So, my Cuban friends in West LA say that Versailles is not the best Cuban restaurant out there.  I figured since I was on the east coast, I would see if the Cuban food is better.  I saw this place during my walking exploration of Philly.  I was walking from Christ Church toward Efreth's Alley and saw this cute restaurant.  I later Yelped it and saw it had good marks.  I was very satisfied at Cuba Libre.  The decor is awesome, it felt like I was in Havana. There are hugh skylights that allow a lot of light in, so makes it as though you are sitting outside.  I ordered a mojito as a reward for a long day at work.  I loved it!!! Usually people back home make mojitos too sweet which can ruin the drink.  This mojito had just enough sweetness and was very refreshing.  Most of the items on the menu were expensive and didn't come with beans, rice, or maduros.  All those are extras.  Thus, I settled for the cubano sandwich with plantain chips.  This a damn good sandwich and chips that put even Portos to shame. The meat was savory and the bread was crunchy, but soft on the inside.  I could resist dessert since they had tres leches cake using banana flavored milk.  I couldn't resist the cuban coffee either with steamed coconut milk.  I was definitely satisfied my meal and again, wished we had this restaurant back home.  The staff was friendly, again they didn't make me feel awkward that I was dining alone. So far my eating experience in Philly has been awesome!!  And I determined that Philly Yelpers know good food!I just love this place. When the temp is nice outside get a seat close to the windows. the atmosphere inside really makes you feel like you are in Cuba, or what I imagine it to be. The service has always been prompt and professional. Enjoy the Sangria.Walked by several times and finally stopped in for dinner.  Was seated upstairs which was much better than first floor.  Second floor Has own restrooms and bar for quick attentive service.
Waiter was nice and more than willing to explain the menu and offer suggestions.  Even though friendly with ideas, it almost came across as leaning toward up sales of menu items.  
Never had Cuban food so it was great to try a new cuisine.  Started off with chips and three salsas which were good, different flavors but okay.  
Entire ordered the Churrasco a la Cubana, very tasty and must order with side avocado.  After main course, waiter asked if we wanted dessert and declined due to large portion, waiter seemed to shut down and was done with nice personality and realized the up sales were over with.  Waiter brought the check and was out of there...big group of ladies sat down next to our table and he perked up.  Then the up sales began.
Overall, it was a nice to stop and try but must goto Cuba for authentic experience.Came here for lunch and had the $15 Bento box, which was pretty good. The service was great, and the atmosphere and decor were also really nice. I had the mojito too, which was good but kinda pricey. 
Can't wait to come back and try this place for dinner though.Had a reservation for 9 people on Saturday night. We arrived right on time and were seated immediately. The atmosphere was lively. Our server Aaron was fantastic. He was attentive, accommodating, and patient ( 9 people, a gluten allergy, & some language barriers) He was great! Fun Cocktail selection, obviously good Rum and the food was delicious!I like this place for unexpected reasons. Most would go to this place on Friday or Saturday night for the lively scene. I really enjoy this place for Sunday brunch - it feels as if you're escaping to a tropical island. Upstairs bar is a nice area from which you can take in the whole scene.Went here on a Friday night- it was superrr busy. We barely were able to get seats at the bar. We ordered coconut crab fritters and malanga fritters. We also got a mojito and mule del sol. Everything tasted really delicious! The mojito tasted really good, but the mule del sol was almost undrinkable. I love ginger, but it was just wayyy too gingery. Really didn't taste good at all.Came here for Sunday brunch. In a nutshell, if you are hungry, opt for the buffet for $26pp. It's a great way to try tons of different tapas-style brunch dishes, and ensure that you leave stuffed.
There were some hits, but there were also some misses. Not bad overall.
- Churros con chocolate - the first one we ordered was served cold. It was only okay. The second one we ordered was piping hot and we asked for a side of dulce de leche which made the second round of churros amazing.
- Crab cake benedict croqueta - tasted like there was more potato than crab and was also bordering warm/room temp.
- French toast a la Cubana - this was one of my favorites. I could have eaten an entire plate of these.
- Malanga fritters - very flavorful; great spices.
- Guacamole Cubano - good but not enough plantain chips in the chip:guac ratio.
- Yuca fries - I found these to be a little bland, even with the dipping sauce. Pass.
- Papas rellenas - not really a fan of the manchego crema.. Malanga fritters trump these guys.
- Pork belly - this was good! Def try this if you like pork belly.
- Steamed mussels - also very good, but I was disappointed to find a few dead mussels in the pot.
The drinks were a little pricey IMO.. We spent $52 on food but over $25 on non-alcoholic drinks... How is that possible?!?
- Guarapinacoco - couldn't really taste the guarapo - it just tasted like a piña colada to me.
- Cafe Cuba Libre - great coconut scent.
Our server, Amy, was very nice and she followed up every now and then to change our plates. I appreciated that. The decor inside also makes you feel like you're not in Philly - so it's worth a trip to try out the different tapas and the ambience.The pro's: I loved the atmosphere, unique drink menu and the guacamole was delish ... And my food was good. I got the chicken.
The cons: our server seemed to be panicked the entire time. We waited several minutes for water, our bread came out over the food...my main issues:  my fiancées Cuban was cold on the inside. We sent it back (and by the time it came back I was almost done eating)... And the sandwich was hard as a rock... It clearly had been microwaved bc the bread was so chewy it was inedible.  My fiancé had to replace the bread from the breadbasket with his sandwich bread. The waitress didn't check in or acknowledge the issue enough in my opinion. At least throw in a dessert next time?
I'll give this place 3 stars bc my meal was good and the guacamole was delish. But I'm tempted to give it 2 stars...Best crab guacamole I've ever had! I got the Cuban sandwich which was also equally delicious.Been here before just never reviewed.   Went out last night and had to get my favorite meal the vaca Frita which is a shredded skirt steak with traditional rice and black beans.  Amazing.  The mango butter they serve with the bread is out of this world I wish they sold it in jars, trust me I have searched far and wide for anything like it and can't find it so we just keep going back.  When I was I college they have really fun salsa dancing at night I think it was Tuesday or Wednesday nights great time.  Desert we had the chocolate cake with blueberry compote another great selection. Definitely recommend for amazing Cuban food and great location in old city.I was really looking forward to Cuba Libre - after reading what other yelpers had to say about it.  I was kinda disappointed.
Our reservations were for 9pm.  We arrived at about 8:45, thinking we'd saddle up at the bar and have one of the famous mojitos before dinner.  Unfortunately, they didn't seat us until 9:45.  Maybe it wouldn't have been such a big deal if we weren't STARVING.  Anytime you have to wait for more than 30 minutes for a reservation is unacceptable in my opinion, and at that point some sort of customer service should kick in.  No apology, no offering to buy us a drink at the bar since we had to wait for so long.  And we were not the only people who had to wait - at 8:45 a girl who had a reservation for 8:00 was told it would be 30 more minutes.  Again, no apology.  I got the feeling they regularly overbooked.
The atmosphere IS great.  They did a really good job of making the interior look like old Havana (that is, before Havana became completely delapidated) without overdoing it on the cheese factor.  I loved the latin music and the potted palms.  
The meal.  Well, it was good.  Not GREAT, but good.  I had the Fire and Ice ceviche, per Chris L.'s recommendation and I thought it was very good.  My husband had the crab cake, which was also good and very different - which is what he was looking for, he didn't want the typical Maryland style crab cake.  
Our entrees were good, not great.  I had the Churrasco skirt steak, which was cooked perfectly.  I was a little confused as to why it came with both mashed potatoes AND yucca fries, but whatevs.  My husband had the special, which was purported to be jerked skirt steak.  It was very tasty, but neither of us detected any "jerk."  It tasted like it was just salted and peppered.  Since he loves jerk, he was a little disappointed.
Our waiter was very nice and in the beginning, very attentive.  But as time for the salsa performance drew nearer, we saw him less and less.  Once the dancing started, he was completely AWOL.  We sat with empty cups of coffee and no bill for what seemed like forever.  Once we got the bill, it was another eternity before he came back to ring the card.  This might have been fine under different circumstances, as we were seated right next to the dancing and so had a nice time people watching - but at this point we were both a little miffed and tired and just wanted to leave.  
If I ever take up salsa dancing, I will definitely hit up Cuba Libre again.  But otherwise...not so much.Best.  Brunch.  Ever.
I had fresh mango juice, and the best waffles ever, filled and topped with mango & pineapple. It was *delicious*!!  The syrup was delish and that mango butter is to die for!  The boyfriend had the tortilla espanola (an omelette) which was very interesting but good.  It came with a side of some very very tasty potatoes. Yum Yum.
I really cannot wait to return here for brunch again!
The setup of the place is pretty neat too...you may be in the middle of a big grimy east coast city, but 2 steps into Cuba Libre and you'd never know it.
We did get dinner here a couple years back, and I remember not being too happy with it (except for the mango butter that comes with your bread, I've never forgotten how amazing that was!), however we're going to try it again soon.  For some reason the dinner menu looks more appealing now than it did before...This rating is for poor service. I didn't eat there. I came in from another city for a special occasion, so in all the travel was unable commit to a reservation. We arrived at 9:15pm on a Friday and we're told that they're fully committed to their reservations for the night, but we can eat at the bar. The restaurant's outdoor seating is totally empty and at least 30% of the restaurant's indoor seating appears empty. It is totally unacceptable to simply repeat to us that you're fully committed, but we can eat at the bar. The bar was nearly full, who wants to eat all that heavy Cuban food with other people on top of them? Advice: Get better table management, most places would at least say they could put us on a waiting list if someone does not show up. People cancel or skip reservations all the time.Add Cuba Libre to your list for Brunch.  This restaurant creates a little touch of Havana on 2nd Street, spilling onto a sidewalk cafe in warm weather.  The Brunch Menu includes many of their lunch and dinner favorites as well as some Cuban takes on egg dishes and breakfast breads.  The Tortilla de Cangrejo, a three egg omelet, is filled with lump crabmeat, asparagus and Manchego cheese.  Toped with a spicy cheese hollandaise, it comes with sides of fresh fruit and home fries.  The French toast is stuffed with mascarpone cheese and rolled in crushed nuts.  A large crepe is spread with dulce de leche and filled with roasted apples.  Cuban coffee and toast complete a meal worth getting up and out for on any Saturday or Sunday.Stumbled on to this gem on a walk through the streets of Philly.  Traditional cuban-american fare.  Very cute atmosphere.  I am sure it's an oasis in the winter.  We tried the Crab Cake Benedict Croqueta, Tostones, Yucca Fries and tapas.  Nice place and good service.Pros:
1. Gorgeous tropical interior
2. Good mix of Latin music
3. No cover
4. Parking available across the street
5. Mixed young crowd (20s-30s)
Cons:
1. Measured Drinks (aka lacking alcohol)
2. Pricey drinks (mixed drinks $12 - $15)
3. Gets really crowded, no room for fancy salsa spinning
4. Only 1 unisex bathroom in the whole place
Because it's between here and Brasilles a block away for good Latin dancing, I come here often. Brasilles has more serious dancing, but zero ambiance. So what do you do? Go next door to that karaoke bar, get dirt cheap drinks (or 2 jager bombs in a row like I do), pee, and come back in FOR FREE to dance. Plus this is a great place for either if your single or on a date because the crowd is so mixed. You will see a lot of white people trying to bust a move, unlike the pros in Brasilles, but hey....everyone has to learn somewhere.Scene and hype, yes.  Delivery, eh.  There are places nearby and near enough that I'd go to before here.  If you want to see and be seen, why not.  Otherwise, it's alright.  Not great, not horrible.  2.5 stars.I love this place. I had visited a few years ago on business and when my wife and I visited Philly over the fourth of July for a wedding I had to stop again. We decided to have brunch and although I liked dinner better my grilled pineapple mojito was delicious. Brunch was unique in that you picked a whole bunch of small items and you shared amongst the table. They had an option for all you could eat for $25.00 but we saved some money and our waste lines by choosing only the things we really wanted to try. We were very full after wards still. The torrejas (Cuban like french toast) was awesome, as well was the breakfast styled ropa vieja with hash. We had a chorizo omelet that was on the spicy side of things and also had tostones with a delicious garlic sauce. I will defiantly be coming back here and I recommend this place to anyone going to Philadelphia.I would rate this place 3.5 stars.
Came here for lunch and I gotta say that the mojitos are soo good but way too strong for me (I can't handle anything, my husband had it).  They make them with pure sugar cane juice which makes them extra good, but they don't come cheap. I think it was about $13 for the mojito. 
We started off with the fire and ice ceviche which was good but really tiny.  It was quite expensive as well. I think about $15. Not worth the price.
I ordered the Plato Miramar salad which was: house smoked tuna, mojito-cured salmon, smoked duck breast, Serrano ham, queso blanco, sweet grape tomatoes, caper berries and marinated asparagus. Watercress and romaine salad, Spanish sherry vinaigrette.  This salad was good but a bit too salty because of all the meats and the caper berries. 
My husband ordered the good ole EL Cubano sandwich. The sandwich was delicious. After having a few bites of this, I wish I had ordered this instead. Kinda pricey at $12 though.
Over all the service was excellent, the food was good, but nothing too exciting, and kinda over priced.I would give them ZERO(0) stars if I could. They refused to let my two gay friends in because they were wearing fresh pair of sneakers (limited edition) along with designer clothes. It is important to note that this was after our other female friend was let in with sneakers. The bouncer informed us they were looking for a "specific look." I have reason to believe his excuse is because we are gay and people of color. The bouncer then proceeded to say that Philly is in the top 5 cities in the US and their policy is the same as New York, and he knew because he has "family there."  I proceeded to tell them that I am from New York and nice sneakers are allowed. Additionally, my other friend is from Las Vegas and would be allowed with those shoes if he was in Vegas. While we respect a dress code if necessary, this dress code is unfairly enforced and seems to be homophobic and racist.Me and Cuba go back, but I abandoned him for awhile like an ex boyfriend or somethin.  It wasn't that I had a bad experience, it's just the first date was not that memorable, ya know?...so you keep it moving
So after trying the same happy hour spot over and over, and over-yea :-/, I needed to try something new.
I went here recently with an old high school friend and sipped on a mango ginger martini.  Told the bartender that I like to taste my liquor a lil and he hooked me up :-).   Man I hope I don't start getting bartenders in trouble by always saying "they hook me up".  Anyway, the martini was slightly sweet and good.   
I also ordered the guacamole which had mango chunks in it and was served with plantain chips on top.  While everything was good, and the presentation was pretty, they should serve this dish on a plate bigger than a teacup saucer as it was a little hard to eat.  The guava pulled pork sandwich was smashin!  Bangin flavor!  I'm all about flavor!
I topped off the night with a mojito which was sadly disappointing! This is CUBA Liibre right?  Hmmmm.....I mean I just have had better. I need that mint, rum, and sugar flavor to really shine in this drink!  Oh well, at least my tummy was satisfied and I still had my buzz on from that martini :-)I was living in Philadelphia's riverfront when Cuba Libre first opened up and it was a blessing to the neighborhood.  The neighborhood loved it, the tourists loved it, the beautiful people loved it.  Then it got big and pretentious and it forgot its neighbors.  Now it has transitioned into a mature restaurant, still with quality, but showing the mediocrity of a tired establishment.  After a two year absence since I moved to DC, I went there and was pleased with some of its food, but virtually nothing else.  It has gone a long way down from the outstanding restaurant I remember five years ago.
First of all:  I'm Cuban.  I know my Cuban food.  I can cook very good Cuban food, save for the tediously prepared food items such as "tostones" (or patacones in other Latin American countries), and the basic staples such as white rice that don't take any art in its manufacture.  So as a result, I'm probably a little bit more critical, but that's because I know Cuban food quite well.  I also know that a Cuban restaurant should have a much more welcoming attitude.
What stroke my bad side was that the staff didn't seem to care.  The espresso machine was down and all I was able to get was dish-water quality American coffee.  Frankly, that's inexcusable at a Cuban restaurant.  Get a backup.  Get those little Italian stovetop machine my mom used to use.  Whatever.  A Cuban meal without Cuban coffee is like a German meal without schnitzel, or a French dinner without a Claret. The "guanábana" (soursop) juice was obviously a Goya $1.99 can of nectar with water added.  
We arrived at 1020 and were literally ignored outside of the restaurant until 1030.  Not even an acknowledgement.  At 1030, the maitre d' opened the door and ushered us in.  We sat outside and had an attentive waiter who fortunately made up for the increasing shortcomings of the place.
Even though we were the first people there, we still waited a good half hour before being served the main course.  Meanwhile, we asked for the bread basket and there was no Cuban bread in it.  There were two soggy "churros" (fried sweet dough sticks) two slices of whole wheat bread, and a dry corn-bread lookalike.  Our meals finally came out.  I had the potato, chorizo and egg cazuela, which was insipid although hearty.  My other half had the tortilla with Serrano ham and that was acceptable.
Frankly, I was saddened by this last visit to Cuba Libre.  I remember the restaurant as a wonderful experience.  I brought my 89-year old Cuban aunt and cousin there several years ago and it was almost an emotional experience for them, with the decor of Habana Vieja, and the great and food and service that the restaurant featured.  Unfortunately, Cuba Libre hasn't aged well and the experience was a shadow of what it used to be.Great food, bad service. My friend made the reservation, and they got her name wrong. Wouldn't let me sit even after my friend called to tell them that I was included in the reservation.
We waited 20 minutes to be seated even though we arrived on time for our reservation.
The food was great though! It was rich and very tasty. The shrimp ceviche was absolutely amazing.My favorite in the city (Besides Morimoto)!! So so so good. Weak in the knees good! Try the Lechon Asado, it's unreal and falls apart. It's Incredible. The mojitos are insanely good. Just GO! MmmmmmmPhiladelphia has a gem of a Cuban restaurant in Cuba Libre.  My wife and I, walked past this joint after having a few wind-down beverages.  We decided to give it a go, for diner. Well, no disappointments. Knowledgeable staff, attentive service and a relaxing décor. 
Their menu selection is spot on. We had the Octopus Salad and Guava ribs for apps, and for Diner I had the Lechon Asado and my wife chose the Ropa Vieja.  Great eating experience!  We'll see you next time were in Philadelphia.Absolutely loved this restaurant.  
We got the empanada app and then split the 4 tapas apps as our meal.   The empanada was a little over cooked but still tasted good.  Everything else was perfect.   I really enjoyed it and the service was great, my gas never hit empty.  Also they bring you the bill in a cigar box which is really cool.I went at night when the place is a club, there was great music and a more spacious area upstairs with places to sit. They played some reggeton, bachata, and top 40 like drake. Love the decor! It's meant to look like you're outside in Cuba even thought the whole thing is inside.Circumstances beyond my control, I keep coming here. Despite the fact I'm really not a big fan of the food, happy hours, entertainment, or the service. So lets start a list:
Food:
A-Ok of 3 stars is a bit high in my opinion, as the food is generally stale. Or for the most part doesn't have the zing that true Cuban dishes have. Now I've never been to Cuba itself, but I would say Miami is close enough. This place doesn't have that.
Happy Hours:
This is ok, as I like their Mojito. Granted I never met a Mojito I didn't like, but I am a total drinking snob. I believe that no good alcohol should ever be mixed, ice should not go beyond 1/5th of the glass, and should be sipped not shotted. However, their Mojito is what got me in to Mojitos. So good for it here!
Entertainment:
The decor in this place is beautiful, and with a lower level open patio out in to Olde City, its probably the only classy place for salsa in Philadelphia. The upstairs is great too but its for everyone whose afraid to dance, but want to watch people dance. While there is a hidden room for hip-hop and pop music on the left as you go up the stairs. Each place with their own bar. 
Service:
Ok this is the 1 star part, their service is absolutely horrible. I usually don't complain about service, but this place is just absolutely horrid. Though through no fault of the wait staff but mis-management of the resources. All restaurants know that with a price range, dining style, and set up like Cuba Libre you need to maintain a certain Staff-to-Customer ratio. Instead this place decides to do something completely ridiculous and minimize the staff as much as possible for some reason. It takes 15 minutes to get a drink from the bar, while the poor bartender is running around like roadrunner. The waitress has to run up and down stairs with appetizers, snacks, drinks, entrees, while navigating through the bar crowd. Finally the layout is horrible as the nicest seats in the house in the back and upstairs is also the same location where a line of people squirming around and holding on for dear life not to pee in their pants are lined up.What  a attitude! The bar tenders didn't care about we were drinking or eating. That just wanna clean and make cheap drinks but make you pay way more! Not worth it! And hello is a Latin place but they are quite the racist against their own people!also yes there is a dress code but if you are their friend that rule doesn't apply .Had a beautiful date night with the wife during Valentine's Day weekend. Old City isn't particularly known for its great parking and the cold winter evening made valet service especially appealing. It was worth it, no doubt. The restaurant was full and buzzing with diners, as to be expected. The place had a nice overall vibe, although you could say the decor was a little over done. Perhaps almost like a theme restaurant than a classy spot. 
I'd like to thank our waitress, Amy, who's apparently a staple of Cuba Libre. Her service was professional and informed and we were well taken care of. We started or meal with the Brushetta Tostones and Crab Fritter appetizers, both of which were great. We were then treated to their bread basket and mango butter. For our entrees we had the Churrasco and Seafood Paella which were delicious, although it took a bit longer than expected for our food to arrive. We weren't complaining though, the apps and bread had us busy till then. 
I've been told their lunch and weekend brunch are also very good. Will have to try it sometime.Had a good time there last night. Loved the guys who brought the food to the table :) not sure if I should call them waiters coz they didn't take the order themselves :)Love love love this place!
My hubs took me here as a treat.  We ordered the menu where you get to taste everything...and loved everything!
The sizing and timing was perfect.  The service was awesome.GREAT PLACE! Very authentic. Up scale so dress nice to go there. Friday nights after 10:00pm I think... they clear out the bottom floor and salsa begins. Great place to take a date. Nothing but good things to say.My first time trying Cuban food. I ordered the tapas and was pleasantly surprised. He ordered the chicken and rice bowl (I forgot the name - Arros pollo something) - he really enjoyed his meal. We also ordered drinks - mojito and white sangria. Both were delicious. I absolutely love the decor! I was mesmerized most of my meal by the interior decoration. Would definitely return to try more options!Does it make me a snob that I was disappointed to find out this place was a small chain based out of the Eastern Seaboard? The vibe at the Philly location is really great: open-aired, high-ceilinged with relaxing music and a dressy-casual feel. However, there's a disconnect - for me, at least - between the food, the atmosphere, and the bill. I'm not the kind of person to complain about prices - acknowledge them, maybe - but rarely question. The portions here are small and there's little concept of a "meal." It's more of a tapas place, it seems, and yet, there isn't much chance of turning the tapas into a reasonable meal (barring the piqueos brunch). 
To me, one of the benifits of having a smaller chain is that you can consolidate a menu and restructure pricing to draw crowds. Cuba Libre, on the surface, looks like a local, higher-end place. The food's definitely quality, but a single cuban sandwich with a side was $20+. It was a good sandwich; what it was not was a $20 sandwich. What is? Cuba Libre is worth a visit, and I would especially encourage people to try to go for the tapas. My only reservation is...if you're going to spend this kind of money, why not go somewhere truly local, where you know you're paying for a menu that you can't find anywhere else? Alma de Cuba, Amada, and even Tinto Wine Bar would be worthwhile for some great food. El Vez, of course, too.The service was pretty bad. They placed us towards the back when there were plenty of tables in the middle area where we would want to sit. They said they were 'reserved' but nobody sat in those tables the whole 2.5 hours we were there. So we were right next to the kitchen and bathrooms. Plus the table right behind us they placed a homeless woman there that spilled everything everywhere. It was horrible for the price we paid to eat there. The waitress took forever to give us the check after we said no to desserts. 
We're a minority so it makes me think that they were racist somehow and placed us all the way towards the back when there's clearly tables in the middle. 
All in all service was horrible, food was a little too pricey for the service they gave us and sitting us next to a homeless lady with all her bags. Don't get me wrong, it's a nice gesture but it's ridiculous for the price we paid for the meal. 
Only good thing was the food was pretty good.Great location and atmosphere. We went for Sunday brunch and had great Cuban food and drinks. The Cuban coffee with coconut cream was great and so were the mohitos. Many great Cuban options on the menu.