Hands down the best Philly Cheesesteaks. Save yourself a trip downtown and treat yourself to some Dalessandro'sOur first cheesecake in the city...not bad but not the best. They put their cheese wiz on top of the bread first, then the meat etc which leaves the meat on top dry and not much flavor to it. On the west coast we have phillys best and the put their cheese atop the meat which is the best!Lives up to the hype. Worth the trip out of the city.the absolute best cheesesteak in philadelphia. have been for years. i still will make the hour drive just for the cheesesteaksBy far one of the better cheesesteak places in Philly. I think I may have found my favorite one thus far, but need to explore a whole lot more.I've had about 5 different steaks in Philly, including Genos, Pats, Jims. 
This is by far the best. I've had the regular steak,  the chicken steak and the Buffalo chicken steak.  All are great.  I prefer the chicken with provolone. Very courteous staff, always nice even when there's a line 20 people  deep. Seating is limited and the restaurant is very narrow. There is some seating outside, but you cannot order it to go and take it out there.Really good food. The cheesesteaks are worth the wait. Very crowded, so I recommend ordering "to-go" and eating elsewhere. On nice days, eating outside looks like fun. Good experience overall.Prob my favorite in Philly. Whiz wit. 
Super fast, reasonable price, nothing else to say.Been going to D'Als since high school, maybe even before that. Always on my list of places to hit up when I'm back in Philly.I feel this place is over rated. $60 for a family to eat cheesesteak was crazy.  We got our order and it was wrong, you had to yell to order, people were getting yelled at to come inside and shut the door. It was nuts. When we got our food we didn't get anything that we ordered and couldn't ask for what we needed because  it was chaos. Ginos  is better.  Def. Wont be back.Fantastic cheesesteaks. Simply the best I have ever had. I literally drive up from DC just to eat a cheesesteak.After talking to friends and reading all the reviews in Philly for cheesteaks, I determined that Gino's and Pat's while big names, were not big hits with the locals any longer and especially not cheesteak afficianados. I was told his is the place!  Once I arrived it was clear this WAS the place.  While standing in line, I heard two guys talking about Gino and Pat's and I asked them "Is this place better than Gino's and Pat's" and with a stern Philly stared and answer he looked at me and said "100%!"   That was all I needed.
You wait in line (which does move at a decent pace (expect to wait 10-15 minutes to get your food) and order at the counter. You better be ready to order as you yell out what you want and get asked a few questions and then move to the back of the place to wait for your name to be called.  Some guy said "Where is the other gal who works the counter" and you heard in a loud voice with a thick accent from Philly "SIR, SHE HAS NOT GONE PEE IN HOURS HERE SO ONCE SHE IS DONE SHE WILL BE BACK".  ROFLMAO!!!!
These were defintely some of the best cheesesteaks I have had, and one of the key components is the bread.  Without the bread I am not sure I would of said it was 5 stars but the bread put it over the top.  The meat wasn't as seasoned as I would of liked but it was incredibly tender with zero fat, and everything else with it made it top notch for me.
I shared a Mushroom Steak and a Cheesteak loaded with everything including "Sauce" which is a red sauce, almost like pizza sauce and the entire combination was fantastic.  Apparently the history here from my local friends said it was sold a few times years ago and went down hill as they tried doing things different. Then it sold again and the new owners brought it back to its simple self and created the buzz and line again that makes Dalessandro's a local place everyone says is fantastic.
5 starsI thought this place was solid, but the lack of moisture in my cheese steak left me a little disappointed.  I recognize this place is a classic, and I went on a busy Sunday night (holiday weekend), but I feel restaurateurs should put out their best, or slow down in order to make it happen.
I ordered a cheese steak with provolone, fried onions, mayo, and banana peppers.  All toppings, including cheese were light, which meant lack of cheesiness and overall moisture.  The flavor of the meat and type of bread were on point.  The other people I went with felt similarly.  Maybe I should have got wiz...  I'd go back.
I also think the tables against the window need to be moved... because nobody could use the chairs with that many people in there.  They could benefit from some innovation on that front!Favorite to-go cheesesteak place! The smell of cheesesteak just travels along the whole block. Can get super crowded during certain times of the day but worth it! Not overly cheesy and never fails to make me do a happy dance inside! Free sides, love the banana peppers. Easy parking spots around. Cash Only.I've tried most of the major Cheesesteak places in the area.  Pat's, Geno's, Jim's, John's Roast Pork, Mama's, and so on and so forth.  You get the picture.  
In my mind, none of them are as good as Dalessandro's in Roxborough.  Everything about their steak is great - large amount of meat, perfect bun, right amount of cheese (only complaint is that whiz is not an option).  In addition, if you like peppers you won't find a larger selection than you will here.
One other note, they are not open on Sunday's, so you yunkers will have to make due with either Chubby's or the slightly inferior (but still good) new-kid-on-the-block Duff's Steaks.My favorite cheesesteak place by far. The food is delicious, the staff is so sweet and they put care into every cheesesteak they make. Whenever I have family that comes out of town, they ask to go to Dalessandros! We love it here!!I lost a bet during undergrad at Carnegie Mellon  (in Pittsburgh, PA) and I had to drive all the way to Philladelphia in Roxboro where he's from and bring back cheesesteaks from Dalessandro's.  Homeboy even had a methodology on how to bring back the ingrediants separated from the bun.   Well of course I ate one when I got there and it was one of the best I've had.  It's all about whatever kind of bread it is.This was the 2nd best cheesesteak I've ever had in my life and the best I've tried in Philly thus far. Similar to other popular steak shops, this place was hot, crowded and cash only. I can deal with crowds and heat but I hate carrying cash on me, so despite the quality of the sandwiches I cannot provide a 5 star rating. Aside from that, the ladies who take your orders and serve the food are much more sympathetic to the plight of a newbie than the impatient steak purveyors who staff their competitors throughout the city. I recommend Dalessandro's to anyone looking for a good authentic Philly cheesesteak especially if you are an out of towner or a cheesesteak ordering process novice.I come here every time I'm in Philly and it is better than any cheese steak I've had in the city (including the famous guys). Call ahead so you can shout out your name when you arrive (there is always a line so this is better than trying to order when you get there). I get whiz with grilled onions. Trust me, you will not regret it.Just doesn't get any better than this.  Although I'm no longer living in Philly, when I cross into Philly from Delaware, it's one of my favorite places to visit.  Great cheesesteaks!!delicious no matter how you order.  very busy every time I'm here.
I always bring back orders from people in new York.From visiting from utah... was recommended by my wife who used to live here and must say I would put this at the top of my favorite things to eat.Dalessandro's was recently voted the best cheesesteak in Philadelphia, and with GREAT reason. Their cheesesteaks are perfect - they're not too greasy (like a lot of the South Philly cheesesteak places), have amazing cheese, and fresh, soft bread. My boyfriend and I always get their provolone steaks with onions, and it's always a treat to look forward to!Soft warm heroes filled with thinly sliced meat and melted cheese mixed in with the juice of the cooked meat not grease. Peppers in containers on the counter. A little bit of heaven in a hoagie. Every time I am in the area or once a month I make it a mission to drive out to this place just for one of their cheese steaks pats and ginos has nothing on this place. Just another small hole in the walls that basically just make one thing and they make it well. Keep it going Dalessandro's. You all keep serving them up I will keep packing them in."Cheesesteak with fried onions, mushrooms and American cheese." Just keep repeating those words and you will not regret it! Tried it with provolone once and it just wasn't the same. I did not like cheesesteaks until I had D'alessandro's, mainly because other places use tough rubbery slices while D's uses tender juice soaked minced meat. The shop is small but has 3-4 patio tables outside, other than that you'd have to take it to go. Drove down here twice in 1 month, well worth it!After visiting Philly so many times I have finally experienced the best cheesesteak ever. The sharp provolone was awesome and the cherry peppers are my new thing.  I would back again and again, alot of people were there but the wait was quick and the staff and customers  were super friendly.This was our first time visiting Dalessandro's as it was highly recommended by family and friends. As not being from the area, it was a bit of a ordeal to get there as there was a lot of traffic and road construction going on and Dalessandro's is a bit out of the way and not quite in the touristy area of Philly. 
However, the sandwich's were delicious! They opened at 11:00 on we arrived about noon and there was a line out of the door! It's a very small place with a few seats at the counter and the rest was pretty much standing room only. We inched out way in and stood in line,  as there was quite a lot going on inside, a lot of yelling coming from the speakers with announcements of orders that were ready to be picked up. After standing in line for a few minutes there was lady behind the counter shouting to step to the right to place your order - we were standing in the wrong line. It would be useful if there were signs hanging from the ceiling to indicate the line for ordering is on your right, and the line to your left is for picking up orders. 
Please be sure to know what you want before your order, they seemed to be a bit agitated when I asked what type of toppings they offered, and be sure to have cash, as they do not accept credit or debit cards. They do have an ATM near the door which was convenient, but I do not like paying the extra ATM fees. . . 
We ordered 2 Philly cheese steaks and 2 chicken cheese steak's to go. The sandwhichs are PACKED with meat and were very satisfying, we were full for the entire day! I would also like to mention that they do not sell french fries. There is a restaurant across the street that sold cheese steaks as well and I ran across the street and picked up and order of fries to go. 
I highly recommend stopping by if you're ever in Philly!And down simply the best cheesesteak in Philadelphia and make sure you go a little early because it's always packed door-to-door for lunchGreat steaks, great atmosphere. This place sets the bar for cheesesteaks. After a day of hiking at Wissahickon... my friend and I were starving. I had driven by Dalessandro's many times and it was always packed, today was no exception.
We could smell the aroma of steaks and onions as we walked up to the door, inside smelled event better. I had a cheesesteak with onions and my friend had the same thing but with mushrooms... and two birch beers. 
The steaks were great... cheese was melted to perfection.
Great place... I'll definitely go back.This is my first time eating a Philly cheesesteak from Philly. For the price, I thought that it was super worth it because I could barely finish it. You're allowed to add as many toppings as you want without extra charge which is pretty cool (I just looked at all of them and asked for all of them lol). I wish that the cheese was more evenly distributed among the meat, but it was delicious nonetheless. The store was very old school as well, reminded me of like an old diner. Nice experience.Love the service I received.  Place is jam packed.  Good food.  Try the Italian hoagie and the cheesesteak, pepper or mushroom.  Take out recommended for immediate consumption since you may not get a seat.Knocked one star off due to service. This place gets PACKED, so the staff is high strung and not very nice. I understand they are trying to run an efficient business but getting yelled at wasn't fun. Their system is you line up to order, you yell your order (which they may give you an attitude for if you're from another town and don't order "the right way"), then you wait until they call your name, and you come up and pay (cash only). 
The cheesesteaks are very good. They chop the meat really small, bathe the hoagie roll in whiz and then another spoonful on top of the meat. Overall, if you're looking for a good cheesesteak, this is a great place to get it and take it home. If you're looking for a good eating experience, look elsewhere.First time here for me. Ordered the chicken cheesesteak. Honestly, best I ever had! The chicken was finely chopped, hoagie roll perfect temperature and texture. The right amount of American cheese and fried onions. I would recommend calling your order in for pickup. This restaurant is really crowded and quite a hectic environment. If you plan on dining in I would highly recommend sitting outside. Also, this is a cash only restaurant. They offer ATM to use. A fee of $1.50 will be added to your withdrawal transaction.Cheesesteaks are very good. But the customer service is non existent. They don't have a bathroom for customers and you aren't allowed to take condiments with you to their outside seating. 
The guy who took our order acted as if he couldn't care less if I was helped or not.Awesome cheesesteaks. Awesome hoagies too. One of the best cheesesteaks in philly, esp if you like chopped steak as oppose to the flank. Seating is limited, but you can sit inside which is nice. They also have beers and fountain soda which you can get free refills on. Another underrated feature is the parking. Real easy to park unlike the other places in the city. Cash only is probably the only negative, but all the best steak joints are cash only.Best cheesesteak in Philly. I grew up on these. Great grilled onions. I have since tried Pat's (pretty good), Geno's (lame), and Jim's and all the rest. No comparison.This is by far the best place to get a cheesesteak in Philly. They are well organized, quick, and tasty. The lady that checked me out knew me by name after my second time there. You can tell they have their regulars because they say hello by name to many people as they walk in. Always crowded during peek times but so worth it. Cash only..keep an extra $20 on you incase you happen to pass by. They do have an ATM just incase!Don't believe the hype.  Depending on how long the meat sat pre-made on the grill, you can get some steaks that are dry or sometimes a steak that just soaks the roll making it a soggy mess.
Instead, try Barry's, which is just a few blocks away.  They deliver a much more consistently juicy and flavorful steak.Food: 3.5/5.0
Service: 2.5/5.0
Value: 3.5/5.0
Decor: 2.0/5.0
Overall: 3.5/5.0
Frankly have no idea why this place has such a high rating.  They serve a decent steak but I almost didn't even hand out that 4th Yelp star.  For those using Yelp to inform a cross-Philly cheesesteak tour, let me warn you not to come with expectations too high.  Do try it still, if it's not too far out of the way.My family would get cheesesteaks from here growing up, but I hated cheesesteaks, so I would always get hoagies and a black cherry wishniak.  My school ruined cheesesteaks by only offering that horrible Whiz cheese and I foolishly thought all cheesesteaks came like that.  Once I realized that real cheese and not plastic could be on those things, I made the change and it's a damn good cheesesteak.  I would put it in the top five in Philly, but not the top three...  I tend to go there before or after Philly sporting events.  I've called in, eaten there, and just ordered while in line and waited.  There isn't a lot of room to sit or wait, but it's worth it.  I still get the black cherry soda, even though they also sell beer.  Parking can be hard to find, but try and you'll find it.I've been eating these cheessteaks ever  since I can remember!  The BEST Philly has to offer  ...  forget Geno's or any of the other big name joints, HERE is where you want to eat a Philly cheesesteak!!!!!I went to Deli's on Saturday and was very, very impressed! I hadn't been there in some time and had heard some reports that they "weren't the same" since new ownership took over. I grew up on these sandwiches and can honestly  tell you that they were as good as I ever remembered them being.A really good cheesesteak in a mom-and-pop environment. Not the best I've ever had, but everyone has their favorite. 
At this point, you've probably already decided on going... just do it.We couldn't come to philly without trying a steak and so this was one of the spots we tried. The flavor of the steak itself was great. Small and a lot of people when we arrived but the wait wasn't too bad. Definitely recommend. Cash only is the only bad thing I can say about it since I rarely carry cashI'm not going to say this place is the shizzit and be all end all of cheesesteaks.  But much prefered to those tourist traps in more crowded  downtown.
Personally do not  like the heavily chopped up meat and like my onions in slices, not chunks.  But sandwich had a nice flavor, was huge.  Sat outside at a table.  I had only steak, onions, L, T and mayo. Could have used more mayo.
Inside was crowded, crowded, crowded.  Very popular place.  CASH only but ATM right inside.
Street parking was EASY.  Was a visitor to Philadelphia for an afternoon but this was not a destination dine for me.  Just happened to be near the part of town I was visiting.
Would go again if I were local but if I were on a cheesesteak road trip would want to try somewhere else.This place is the perfect example of how a good (make that...Great) sandwich shop should be run.  I've been here quite a few times, and every single time, I'm nothing less than totally impressed!
The cheesesteak is great, but that's already been established.  The reason I'm updating my old review is that I have to compliment the people who work here. They're just so nice and very polite. It's like eating at a sandwich shop where your own mother is the lady bringing you your food.    Hmmm....
Okay...maybe not your mother (my mom wouldn't make me a sandwich if I was starving to death)...but how about a very nice aunt, who you don't see very often, who you were always a favorite of when you were growing up. That works.  That's how it is ordering a sandwich from this place - the service just blows away any other steak shop in the city.Ask a non-Philadelphian where to go in Philly to get a cheesesteak, they'll tell you to hit Pat's or Geno's. Wrong. Sometimes they'll say try Jim's. Wrong! Well, alright, Jim's is decent.
Someone who knows the landscape should send you here. It's off the beaten path, but totally worth it. Dallesandro's provides the right meat (diced variety, if that matters to you ) and bread combination. Meat is plentiful, as it should be, but not TOO abundant to overwhelm. Many toppings are available - I tend to go standard with onions (perfectly caramelized), but a friend always gets his with marinara, which is amazing. Addition of beer in the past few years was a major upgrade - but for all interested, this is a good place to get your Black Cherry Wishniak fix, somewhat hard to come by!
If you come at major mealtimes, expect to wait - lunch and dinnertime during the week can take upwards of 30min-1hr. Come on a Saturday, where you'll get in and eating quickly at most times. Service is always honest and quick, as you'd expect from a small place. So sad that this type of sandwich can't be replicated in Boston, but one of these will cover my fix for months.I came here running away from the two rivals near downtown . I don't regret the decision because the cheesesteak was .  I know that there are a lot of places that serve philly cheesteak around Philadelphia, but if you have one day to visit and choose one, like my situation , I recommend this one. Note: I have not try any other place in Philadelphia, so it is up to you .On my quest to find the best cheesesteak, Dalessandro's hit the tip top of my list. They were super busy but the waitstaff shined and made sure we got what we needed.Quick and friendly service. Super crowded but the food came out so fast! Our waitress was very friendly and made sure we had everything we needed. Very crowded but they're quick! And the sandwiches are huge and deliciously served hot!!We are routine customers at this place.  We first discovered it a year ago, shortly after moving to Philly.  It was more convenience than anything else that pulled us in (right near our house and open late), but after spending the last year eating Philly Steaks, I can definitely say that this is one of the best places to go for a cheese steak.  This is quality food!  The only downside?  They don't make fries.I was told by the local that this is the best philly cheesesteak in Philadelphia.  When we walked in,  it was busy and had a long line just to order.  But they were very efficient. In fact,  they hire three ladies just to take order.  We were asked what we wanted to add on to the cheesesteak.  It took about 10 minutes to get the cheesesteak.  The lady at the register was rude, as if they are the only restaurant in town with philly cheesesteak.  It ends up the cheesesteak doesn't have enough cheese and a bit dry, no enough cheese.  I personally prefer Pat. This is not that good,  a little disappointed.The best cheesesteaks in Roxburgh. Even tho it gets packed some days it's worth the wait. They pack so much meat on their rolls,their onions are cooked perfectly,the sandwich is thick & you taste every flavor in one bite. It's a great place to go to with friends when you're craving a bite to eat at night.Not too greasy, not too dry and the roll was really fresh! If Goldilocks ate cheesesteaks instead of porridge she would have said Dalessandro's was JUST RIGHT! 
We sat at the counter for a 3pm Sunday cheesesteak break. I ordered a plain steak with American cheese.  Dining partner ordered the same plus fried onions. Friendly waitresses and much better than the tourist traps. Wish this was closer to Center City!Came all the way from Alaska. This place was yummy!!!! Try it out you won't be disappointed. The staff is friendly, a little short on seating, but overall great food!In Philly out from LA, and asked around a few times about where to get the best Cheese steaks. Everyone mention this place and they were right! Got a cheese steak with grilled mushrooms and onions, wiz, mayo, hot and sweet peppers, and sharp provolone. It was a religious experienceStaff did a great job. The server was attentive and kind.
The meat itself has no flavor. Between the tasteless juices of the meat and the whiz on the roll the sandwich was super saturated. All I can really say is that it didn't taste awful, it is filling, and it is CHEAP $. But there are definitely better cheesesteaks out there. 
The space is tight. Not good for more than two people to try to eat in. The air conditioner dripped water on me and my food the whole time I sat at the counter. I'm usually a good sport but this place was pretty "meh" in more ways than one. 
Wish I enjoyed it more.took a drive down to philly with a client from NY for a meeting with another client (he's from montenegro and sometimes sounds like borat when he talks.  he thought i was taking him to get "cheesecake" and said he prefers tiramisu.  lol!) who's never had a cheesesteak in his life!  
we each got a cheesesteak w/ provolone, onions and peppers.  side of cheese whiz for extra fatty (why go half ass?  if you're gonna clog your arteries you better do it right!) deliciousness.  make sure to rub the hot pepper spread on every bite.  good God the hot pepper spread is AWESOME.  
we did the unthinkable and ordered a 3rd and split it.  afterwards we stopped by a cigar shop to pickup some romeo y julieta stogies for the ride back.  beautiful day, excellent meal all washed down by a cold one (nothing beats a cold one during lunch.  it's ALWAYS a good idea) and a nice DR cigar to boot.  what an awesome day!A friend from the area recommended this place to my wife & I after a trip to the Philly Zoo.  No frills spot on the corner right across from another steak spot.  Small inside, a wraparound lunch counter or a few tables outside. Nothing to write home about.  The bottom line, you do not have to be fancy when you are making cheesesteaks this good!  Fresh soft sub roll with piled on rib-eye steak, provolone, onions & mushrooms (just my preference) with the in-house peppers that they display on the counter. The staff were friendly, attentive and made you feel at home. In fact, we met a guy from NYC whose kid lives in the neighborhood and he said he has made the place a religion.  Roxborough, you have yourself a jewel! The only down side is the size of the place and it's in a residential neighborhood, so parking may sometimes be an issue.  If you're doing take-out, no worries.  Stop in and see them.  You will not be sorry!In my hunt for the best cheesesteak, I would have to say that Dalessandro's holds the number one spot right now. Even though its location is out of the city scene, it's completely worth the drive. No grease dripping from the bottom of the sandwich. I repeat: NO GREASE. The space is small, but it adds to the strong neighborhood loyalty vibe.
Every single time I go to Philly, I make an effort to come out to this place. I absolutely love it and cannot say enough good things about their sandwiches.The best Philly Cheesesteak in the Philadelphia area.  
The decor is basic - nothing special. The game will be on and you'll hear everyone talking in the place. 
But the food is good.Go!!!  the steaks are perfect -- hopefully you get there when the line is not out the door.  The meat is perfectly cooked, the cheese of your choice is in perfect proportion.  Add a yuengling and you have a perfectly indulgent meal.  Don't fall victim to the tourist locales -- D'Alessandros is where it's at.Best cheesesteak in the city, IMHO.  Great tuna hoagie, too.    Always friendly people taking your orders, even though it's sometimes a crush to get to the counter.  Hey, we are Philadelphians, we know how to elbow our way through a crowd.   It's to bad I live so close.  I'm getting a cheeseteak gut.I give it a 3.5 probably. It's pretty good, just not the best like I've been told. The bread is decent, a little soft for my taste. The onions are great, steak could be chopped a little less and I didn't like the fact all the ketchup and mayo was at the bottom of the sandwich. It's unorganized in there with how they have the line, you have to go to the front to order and then everybody is in the back waiting all crowded.
I say it's worth it if you're in the area but there's probably something comparable in quality if you live in a different neighborhood.A pokemon gym AND great cheesesteaks?!?! HEAVEN. This place is tiny and we happened to catch it right after the lunch rush. We split a regular sized cheesesteak with sweet peppers, "fried" onions, mushrooms and marinara on the side. I was BLOWN AWAY. Im so glad I didn't go to Pats or Genos. When I unwrapped my 2lb sandwich, I had tears in my eyes. The bread was perfect. Not soaking in grease and held up so well despite the mountain of meat, cheese, and toppings. I can't wait to go back. And to catch the polywhirl across the street. 
P.S. No bathroom but they have a sink to wash your hands. Some outdoor seating. Beer served.Sooooo good! One of the best cheesesteak places in Philly. Parking also wasn't too bad which is also a bonus.Absolute best of the best.  
I had the good fortune of finding this gem when attended school nearby in the 90s, so this was my first-ever experience with a cheesesteak and I've not had better since.  
It was always great fun to bring friends and family from out of town to Dalessandro's and I recently introduced it to my children, as well.
Something about the way their meat is so finely shredded, mixed in with the cheese and densely packed makes me crave it, but I no longer live in the area.  WAAAAAA! 
I love the old-school, unchanged sign and interior.  Do note, if you have never been, that seating first-come-first-served, is only at the counter or outside and very limited.Lived in Philly for 19 years and this is my favorite cheesesteak. Forget the places down south that get all the fame, this is where it's atBest steak and hoagie place in Philly... customer service is great!!! The only downside is parking...Delicious authentic Philly cheese steaks! This place is a throw back to before we were inundated with chain restaurant food. The food is made fresh right in front of you and made just the way you want it. The staff is friendly and the service is fast.Had a cheesestake provolone with fried onions. Super tasty, couldn't tell if it was the meat or the cheese that had that extra kick of flavor that isn't there in the famous competitors of S. Philly.
Happy that I am local to the area to get it when there isn't a line. I drive by on weekends when it wraps around the store front. 
Super tight inside, but everyone was very polite. Not a place that would kick you out for ordering wrong :PThe philly cheese steak left much to be desired. Meat and mushrooms seemed to be lacking in flavor. Where was my cheese? I'll take harlem chopped cheeses over this place any day. -Jaded New YorkerRoy's Top 5 Things to Know:
1. Cheese Steaks are $8.25. They have a variety of sauces, cheeses and toppings. They've even got chicken cheese steaks.
2. Cheese Steaks are large, just half of one is good for one person so you can easily split one.
3. Most importantly, they're real good, the steak is so tender that it almost taste like ground beef. They put just enough cheese on it and the fried onions, ugh to die for. I drove all the way from NYC and it was well worth it.
4. I'm an out of towner and I usually just follow the gps for cheese steak places and I've ended up in some shady neighborhoods, this one isn't shady whatsoever so you don't need to worry about that.
5. Park right on Wendover Street instead of illegal parking in front since so many people frequent this spot in late night.Great steaks. Yummy bread and steaks have a wonderful flavor. If you are new here this place can be a bit intimidating. It's tiny and always crowded and their is a ton of yelling. Take your time to look at the menu to decide what you want. Be very decisive when you get to the cashier. Step out of the way when others are ordering. Listen carefully for your name!One of the BEST cheesesteaks I have ever eaten!
Since I'm not from Philly, getting a cheesesteak is a must whenever I visit the city! I've been to Pat's, Geno's, Tony Luke's, Jim's and John's Roast Pork and there are some viable contenders in that list for my favorite, but Dalessandro's just took that spot on my most recent trip to the city of Brotherly Love.
First off, Dalessandro's just doesn't seem like it gets the love it deserves. Pat's and Geno's always steal the headlines and Tony's Luke's is a distant 3rd amongst tourists, but nowhere in NY did I ever hear about the 'famed' Dalessandro's. Since I had been to the other popular Philly cheesesteak restaurants, I thought I'd do my research this time and try a new cheesesteak restaurant in town. Repeatly, Dalessandro's came up on top 10 lists so it was a no brainer to give it a try. It sounded like a spot that locals preferred over the others.
When we arrived, I noticed Dalessandro's was located in a very suburban area of Philly. I was glad to see that there was plenty of street parking around the corner outside of the houses that lined the block too. It was about 12:30pm on a Friday when we stepped in and, as expected, there was a small line. The restaurant was very small, tight and crowded. There was bar seating to the right of the entrance, for those sitting in to eat, and a TV on the wall. As I approached the counter, the woman asked if we had ordered yet and we asked for some time, for which she said 'Take your time'. This friendly hospitality was a recurring theme throughout our experience inside.
Once we were ready to order, the woman took down our order and asked if we wanted to sit in or take out. Although we chose to initially take out, we ended up sitting in because there were some seats open. We told another woman who was serving the people sitting in that we wanted to change our order to be a sit-in. She happily changed our order for us. I can't understate that woman's friendly demeanor and the great service she provided. It definitely made our experience that much better.
As for the cheesesteaks, we ordered 2 mushroom cheesesteaks with onions - 1 with whiz and 1 with provolone. The steak meat was all grounded up, which was fine with me. There was a ton of meat in both cheesesteaks and the cheeses were melted on perfectly. Mushrooms were also scattered throughout the cheesesteak as well. Everything about the cheesesteaks were perfect, especially the flavor of the meat and all of the ingredients combined. It was hard to say which one was my favorite, but I'm a huge cheese whiz fan so that probably was the one that did it for me. That's not to say in any way that the steak with provolone was not amazing because it absolutely was! It was just a matter of preference for me. 
It's unfortunate that Delassandro's doesn't get the publicity of Pat's or Geno's. Not only did they serve amazing cheesesteaks, but the service and hospitality was excellent!When I think Philly cheese steak. This one is by far the best I've eaten and the line is there to prove it.  The steak is chopped very fine, but it is jam packed with flavor!!  The chicken cheese steak was okay, but why come here for chicken?!First time here. Steak was delicious and service was great.  There was a little wait, but that's to be expected at a place that makes outstanding steaks.Best place in philly for chicken cheesesteaks HANDS DOWN! I've been coming here since I was 7 years old (I'm 28 now). Even when I wasn't living in philly full time I would always come back. It's one of the few places that the food actually tastes exactly the same way it did when I was a kid. That consistency is the main reason why I love the place. The waitresses are super nice and friendly. It can be kind of difficult to maneuver around when it gets busy. I suggest calling ahead for to go orders or coming at a non busy time to sit down and have the full experience. Again, best place in Philly for a chicken cheesesteak!The best steaks in Roxborough! Be prepared to wait at least 10 mins but you won't be disappointed! Everytime I'm in Rox I visit Deli'sTHE BEST cheesesteak in Philadelphia. I have been eating there since 1984 and it remains unchanged--a top quality sandwich with high quality meat and a delicious roll. The only negative is that there is always a line out the door but it does move very quickly. I always eat at the counter and have never had to wait more than 15 minutes for a seat. In my opinion, they are underrated and have never been given the credit they deserve.What is there to say. The menu is limited, so is the space in this diner, but my gosh the cheesesteaks give you everything that you need. I freaking love it. My first true Philly cheesesteak after I was advised that Pats and Genos were way overrated, and I have to say that I hope you get the change to eat here too. I love that it's wholesome cheesesteaks in a no frills environment. You can see that the locals love it, and thankfully I love it too.It's good. It's best one I've had so far in Philly. Parking is tough- not gonna lie. The person who takes your order is sometimes doing this from across the room as you yell and confirm order back and forth. I like that they aren't pretentious about the fact that I like mayo and ketchup on my steak. All in all it adds up to a fun and worthwhile experienceYou can't go wrong with a cheesesteak in Philly. If you're in town, got to check out this place. I had the cheesesteak with onions and cheese whiz. Sandwich was huge and had plenty  of meat in it. They use ground meat but it doesn't take way from the heavenly experience. Bought an extra one to take back to NYC and after a day, the sandwich was still delicious. Take me back there now!Just great! The way the cheese (the isn't whiz!) is melted over the steak makes it perfect.
The way to go: Call Ahead, but remember it wont be cold and waiting for you. They put your ticket to the front of the line when you show up. Order double cheese and fried onion.Truly one of the best steak and cheeses in philly. I'm from MD and everytime I come to philly I always make sure to stop by here. I always get the cheese steak with wiz on top of it. Cash only thoWe were on a road trip through Canada & the USA. Despite other reviews I read, we tried this place. 
We ordered 2 cheese steak w/ mushrooms, onion, ketchup and mayonaise to go. Our first time eating Philly cheese steak and it was GOOD! The cheesesteaks are really large.I dunno how I feel about this place. The food was ok... but not like some of the reviews made it sound. We were expecting to die for authentic Philly cheesesteak sandwiches. My husband liked it though. We both had mushroom cheese steak sandwiches, one with ketchup and the other marinara sauce. The one with marinara was mush by the time I got half way through. The service is terrible. You get yelled at the whole time your in there, and herded around like cattle. There is even a sign that refers to the cashier (whom I am assuming is the owner) as being the wicked witch and her order takers as her little demons/minions. I understand needing to be stern if your busy, but it was just plain rude. I think a more efficient way to deal with that amount of people would be to either expand a little or think about putting speakers outside so people can actually hear their name being called, and ask people to wait outside once they order. If you are ok with being yelled at and ok food then you are good to go!
Also it was about $24 for two sandwiches and two drinks. Cash only. ATM on site.The steaks are so good... I wish I could eat one every other day. Don't get scared if you see that it's packed. They move pretty quick. There is also seating inside and outside(weather permitting). They also have beer. My husband happy about that. Great place go give them a try....No frills, they're not in business to make friends. It's possible but not probable. The service is prompt which is why they don't waste time being too nice. The sandwiches are the best in the tri-state area and I've been eating here for 30 years!!!Thanks for proving to this fan of Midwestern cheesteaks that Philadelphia really does do them best..Delassandro's has one of the best cheesesteaks in town. For a cool $9.25, you can get one piping hot steak with whiz, and peppers & onions. This place is no fuss--if you want to be served, you have to sit at the counter. Otherwise, all sandwiches are to go (or to eat at the three outside tables). 
Bonus: there's an ATM for those of us who always forget to carry cash (guilty)!Amazing local spot..  great authentic cheese steaks.
Small, always packed, fast pace environment, not enough places to seat and eat. But who cares if all you want is great food.Top-notch steak sandwiches and beers a la carte. I guess, though, that beers are always a la carte. Would be outstanding if they had a bathroom and some fries, but still one of the better steak spots in the city. Some people love the tomato sauce (or gravy, as I call it), but I say F that. Rip into some whiz wit.It's a good thing I don't live near Dalessandros. Otherwise I would spend all my money for their cheesesteaks.  Love the tomato sauce and pickled hot peppers!Great cheesesteak, reasonable price and good service. Crowded small space is what is expected for this type of place. Orders are filled quickly, but the cheesesteaks are cooked fresh. Makes no sense to go to a hamburger joint to get something pulled from a warming drawer. It's also nice to be able to find parking nearby. We tried the famous places downtown first, but impossible to park and since we were heading pack to Jefferson University, we went back here, third time in 2 years visiting. Place continues to offer good food and service. If we lived around here, we might become weekly regulars.This is one of the better cheesesteaks in Philadelphia...at minimum in the Top 5. I wouldn't go as far as to call it the "best" for a number of reasons, but it's damn good and here is why:
1. Tasty meat & proper use of cheese
2. Great variety of hot peppers at the counter (real hot peppers, not just the green ones that aren't really hot. I'm talking about crushed red peppers etc.)
3. Great bread
My only complaint is the bread is a bit too soft and the cheesesteak falls apart too easily. In other words, I'm not complaining about the taste, I'm complaining that the taste isn't really portable. If I have time to sit at the counter, I'm eating here.I have the memory of a great cheesesteak in my head from the past, and I'm curious if it really was as good as I remember. Going on the recommendations of locals, I've given Dalessandro's multiple visits and it's a good, solid cheesesteak. Luckily I've never experienced a terrible line and have only ever done takeout. Cheesesteak is good, hot, fresh, with a roll that holds up without being too firm. One thing I keep trying to find is a place that mixes in the chopped, sautéed onions in with the steak, but I find most places just place them on top. If you're looking for a consistently good cheesesteak, definitely check it out.I'm gona stuff my face and slap my belly. I don't care about any diet or someone telling me to only eat half. It's going down and I'm gona fraking enjoy it like an dog that's caught its own tail foot the first time.  The meat is so tender, it must be prime.Best cheesesteaks in town. The meat is chopped fine and it's always fresh. They have great customer service and everyone is always nice.I ordered a cheesesteak but barely see or taste cheese inside. Where is it? Me and my family drove from nj just coz of reviews. Very disappointed. Didn't beats my expectation!  At last, I prefer slice of meat not finely chopped meat.I see that most people have given mediocre reviews because of how crowded it is, the line out the door, the chaos etc. I expect that when walking into any good cheesesteak spot or burger joint. They don't advertise a quiet place to enjoy a neat cheesesteak, they advertise good cheesesteaks and although you don't get a good cheesesteak... you get the best in Philly. I'm a regular there, so my waitress clears a spot for us at the counter and is always extremely polite and attentive. I typically get a cheesesteak with light onions and cheese whiz... you have to go with the whiz. American and provolone are good but the perfect Philly cheesesteak has whiz on it. Whiz, onions, maybe mushrooms, pickles if you are addicted as I am and a Stella or soda... that's the perfect cheesesteak. 
Two very enthusiastic thumbs up!Not my first choice for a Philly cheesesteak, but not bad. Their standard offering includes a generous amount of meat, but what I consider a slightly stingy amount of cheese. Might want to consider ordering it with extra whiz. 
A little disappointing that they don't have cheese fries here. But they do have beer - unlike Pat's or Geno's. That's not a bad trade-off.My favorite cheesesteak period. I have been too countless other cheesesteak places around Philadelphia and elsewhere, but none come close to Dalessandro's. The steaks are insanely delicious and the staff are very friendly. If you're looking for a great cheesesteak don't hesitate to go here.Just really good steak.  Forget about those other places in philly,  this is where you get one of the best cheese steaks in philly!Sorry I don't see it here. It was good years ago but they changed. It's a dated building. They do have out side sitting. I'll give them that. Steak was gray and to finely chopped. No parking. There are better places then this.I liked it.  Didn't love it like Mama's in Bala, but they were pretty good steaks.  Grabbed a fee for the family , and they went just fine.Noisy, crowded, fish market style ordering system. Once safely on the other side the sandwich is everything you could hope for. I topped my pepper cheese steak with crushed pepper, fried onions and cheese whiz. The crushed pepper adds sour acidic flavor that balances out the savory flavor of the meat and cheese. Overall great place to cross off the Philly during your visit.I've tried plenty of cheesesteaks and have heard of this place for years. Finally had the time and made the trip to Roxborough to see what all the fuss was about. Parked on the street and went inside. The place is bright and clean. I ordered a cheesesteak with sharp provolone cheese, fried onions, salt, pepper and catchup. With a soda the cost was $11. The lady who took my order was very nice and friendly. The wait for the sandwich was only a few minutes. I was thoroughly impressed. This is now my new  favorite place for cheesesteaks.Recommended by two Lyft drivers and it lived up to their recommendations. It is a little further from downtown than others, but worth it. Try it on your way to/from the arboretum. You'll see why it was voted best cheesesteak recently.The meat and cheese meld together beautifully on this steak.  Everything from the roll to the flavor of the meat is great.  The fried onions could use a bit more flavor or caramelizing.  I wish they cooked the onions into the meat but they wont even upon request.  You can only get them on top of the steak at the end.Always a win. Always. It's almost always overflowing with people. Do not, I repeat, do not let the crowds deter you. It is completely worth the wait. Hands down Delly's is not only a neighborhood favorite, but best in the city for sure. Definitely make the trip!Hard to find if you're not familiar with the area.  Very small, everyone bumps into each other trying to get food.  I ordered the cheesesteak with provolone no other added features like lettuce, tomatoes, etc.  As a result the sandwich was dry and hard to swallow.   It was huge, enough to feed 2  ppl.  
I was unhappy because the meat was overly chopped almost pureed.  They put all the cheese together in one lump in the middle.  When you set the sandwich aside to eat the rest for later, the cheese hardens in the center resembling playdoe.  I didn't like it.  Would not order here again.A 3 star only because it was nothing special... In Philly there are literally hundreds of steak places and this rates in comparison. Service at order station ehh.. prices are fair.. steaks are finely minced meat with the usual fare of toppings you see around.I have grown up on Dalessandro's Steaks. Service is prompt efficient the place is clean and friendly. Usually can find a seat at the counter or at the outside tables after a brief wait. Locals always know the best time to go to avoid the Manayunk crowd. I Always get mushroom -cheesesteak- sauce- fried onions scoop the roll -and I am rarely disappointed. BUT....the problem is when you dont eat them there. Take out cheeseteaks suck.  By the time the sandwiches are wrapped in that awful foil and taken home they are mushy...just like take out  cheesesteaks all over the world. I have even tried them without mushrooms and without sauce but the problem remains.( And what mook can eat a cheesesteak without sauce? ) Once I actually took in a styrofoam container , unwrapped my steak , put it in the container (kept slightly ajar)  and drove 10 minutes home. The steak was much better. Maybe there is something to be said for nasty styrofoam when eating cheesesteaks. Wish someone could invent a way to get the product home and keep the roll crusty and not soggy. The owner of Tony Roni's pizza told me always to open the box of pizza a crack so the pizza steam doesn't make the pizza soggy. It works! Maybe they should wrap cheesesteaks like tacos.. keep one end open.  Where are all you science geeks? Can't you invent a solution to this problem of historic significance?Food is good. Service is ok depending on when you go. Street parking is a little hard because it's residential. Pack patience.I loved this place.  It's small, personable, relatively fast and reasonably priced.  I would have never found this place if it hadn't been for the friend I was visiting, and of all the cheesesteaks she took me for during my visit, this was easily my favorite ... even if I did burn the roof of my mouth and a spot on my lip.
Most orders should be to go, and sitting inside is a chore, but outside was pleasant even in late Sept.This is not one of those crappy, rude, obscure-ordering-technique-needed cheesesteak places. No, this place is home-y. There is a little confusion about what cheeses they have because they aren't listed on the menu, but you're always safe with whiz in my opinion! I had one with onions and cheese whiz. I was starving so I ate the whole thing. Just like my headline reads, "The quality of the meat was outstanding!" I love when I get a cheesesteak or a burger and there aren't any strange chewy or hard parts in it. I love when the meat is flavorful. That's what happened at Dalessandro's one Sunday afternoon. Every component of this sandwich was great. I recommend this place all the way. For cheesesteak spots, I'm willing to bet this is as good as it gets in terms of flavor and experience. I hope to try their chicken cheesesteak soon.don't see what all the fuss is about. ate there today, got gristle in my steak, paid $9.00 for it. and threw half away! ps- cash only!A family favorite Cheesesteak spot and easily my father's #1 choice. 
Meat: Finely, finely chopped steak is what you get, and that's what you should look for in a good cheesesteak.
Cheese: I'm usually a fan of Cheese Wiz because it's harder for an average cheesesteak to mess it up since it covers the sandwich well as a liquid and doesn't vary in taste to much. Dalessandro's is no average cheesesteak however, and the provolone cheese has a nice sharpness to it that doesn't overpower. Also the cheese has a good cover and isn't isolated at the bottom of the sandwich.
Onions: Bug and well-cooked; no complaints here!
Roll: Nice and soft; does it's job keeping everything in there
Bottom Line: One of the best (if not THE best) cheesesteaks in Philly.Best cheesesteak in the city without a doubt.  Super fine cut steak, generously packed, incredible rolls.  Can't go wrong with any style but I'd highly recommend getting one with extra American cheese, onions and a side of their pepper spread, which would be my Death Row last meal.  Staff there is incredibly friendly too, always feel great when I visit there.I am an expert on cheesesteaks. What makes me an expert? Eating sixty years worth of Philly cheesesteaks (and I'm still a 34 waist). So when I say that Dale's is the best, I mean it's WAY better. Start with the roll. No factory bread roll. A nice piece of roll. The meat is finely-sliced, juicy and no grizzle. Good, fresh, non-pungent onions. The pizza sauce is flavorful. And it's BIG. Finally, there are a zillion different kinds of peppers. Whole cherry, banana, sweet, relish, Granny peppers, jalapena, and "roaches" (dried HOT black chili). And they have lots of different beers. And fresh desserts to go. Try a cheesesteak with sauce and fried onions. You can get different cheeses (American, provolone, or "whiz"), but I stick with the default, American. Try the peppers. Don't be scared off by the roaches. They are delicious, but they ARE hot! The Granny peppers are Italian long hots or jalapenas, fried in oil - Yum!On our way back from D.C. my girlfriend and I decided to stop in Philadelphia for a cheesesteak. After combing through Yelp review after Yelp review looking for the best cheesesteak in town we stumbled upon this not so hidden gem. 
Once you walk into this small moderately crowded restaurant, you know you're in the right place. I myself enjoyed the ambiance of this fast paced restaurant, the pushing and squeezing trying to get your hands on this grand daddy of a cheesesteak. The snippy staff and the shouting of orders tied right into the atmosphere of it all. 
We ended up ordering a cheesesteak with whiz, fried onions and mushrooms, and a cheesesteak with American, fried onions and mushrooms for later seeing as we wouldn't be back in town for a while lol 
The moment I took my first bite I knew this restaurant would become a staple every time I stopped in Philadelphia. This is hands down THE BEST CHEESESTEAK I have EVER had. The steak was cooked to perfection with melty cheese stuffed into a soft fluffy roll. When you take a bite meat and onions come toppling out. Talk about bang for your buck, our order for 2 steaks, a bottle of water and a bag of chips came to about $21. 
If you love cheese steak and want your mind blown this is the place for you. Finding parking is a little tricky And there is limited seating in and outside of the restaurant but it's so good that I would stand to eat it if I had to.THE BEST PHILLY CHEESESTEAK! Pats and Genoes are not the place to go. Once you come here you'll see there is no where else to go.Hands down the best mom 'n' pop, fast-food/street food place I've been in quite awhile. The basic set-up inside is perfect for a combo to-go and sit-down crowd. Three stools were waiting at the counter for me and my posse to split the cheesesteak. While waiting for the main course, we got beers and started into them. 
Dogfish Head is a small, local Delaware brewery, and I had the chicory stout. There was also a yuengling and Fin du Monde. Craft beers while eating a cheesesteak indoors- yes!
The cheesesteak was the better than the other three I tasted... The meat was ground, and there was more cheese. The bread could have been slightly improved, but overall the best cheesesteak of the day. (Also tried Pat's, Geno's and Tony Luke's).The BEST cheesesteak in Philadelphia must try ever time I visit Philly I try it more than once. You know what it is the best sandwich I ever ate.We got a cheesesteak and an Italian hoagie last time we were here, and they were so delicious that we couldn't stop to do a review. 
The cheesesteak is amazing. AMAZING.
And the provolone on the Italian was to die for. 
Bring cash and expect to have to deal with a little pushing and jostling to get your food, but after the first bite you won't really care what it took to get there.An absolute must if your feet are in Philly!!! Be prepared for a crowded room and know exactly what you want when you get to the counter.The staff behind the registers are jedi's at taking orders and I hope they are well paid! This is where real Philly eats and the steaks are AMAZING!!!I don't think this place needs another good review ... But nonetheless, here it comes.
I have been going to this place since I was a little kid. My parents would get a hankering for a late night cheesesteak and they'd strap us in the cars in our pjs and take the drive from the burbs to Manayunk for a Dalessandro's cheesesteak. I'd steal bites of there's but never have one of my own, now an adult, I get my own cheesesteaks and they never disappoint. It took some encouraging but I finally got it with sauce and that is the way to go at Dalessandro's, compliments the melty cheese perfectly! 
So get it with sauce or go home, and be prepared for a heavy steak that'll make your mouth water and make you want to drag your kids out of bed at night just for a cheesesteak.Recently moved to the Germantown area and came across this place on yelp. Came here to order a steak and it was really good. Steak is chopped very fine. It is good quality meat they use. The rolls are soft and fresh. Place gets super packed and its a tight squeeze with everyone inside the store. Staff is very friendly. You can call ahead for your order. I thought when I got there it would be ready but they do not make your order till you get there. What happens is when you call ahead they make your order when you arrive and you basically get bumped up above the other walk-in orders. I would recommend this place to others. Great local spot if you want a real Philly cheesesteak. Leave Pat's and Geno's for the for the tourist. Real Philly people come to local spots like this. Only bummer which is why I knocked off a star is because its cash only. Who carries cash anymore. They do hV an ATM inside if you don't have any cash.Perfect philly cheesesteak, come here every time I get a chance to come visit the city. The service is quick, portions are beyond generous and I couldn't ask for anything better. love this place!The cheesesteak was amazing, but the people are even better.  I was so smitten by the sandwich that I somehow managed to leave my computer bag behind as I hit the road back home to New York City.  Someone turned it in and they were nice enough to send it to me... I even had to fight with them to get them to accept any payment for their trouble.  Great food, great people, great place!  I will definitely be back any time I'm in Philadelphia.This place serves the best cheese steaks around.  Just enjoyed a cheese steak with sauce and fried onions and a cream soda a couple weeks ago.  The cheese melting into the meat and onions with that soft roll is undoubtedly one of the world's best comfort foods.  I enjoy a good cheese steak hoagie from here too.  And just to not leave out the importance of the staff, Carol is an amazing gem who makes the experience all the better.  She shares her knowledge of the food and passes the numerous kinds of peppers that enhance any of their sandwiches.   Five stars forever.Can't go wrong with a traditional cheesesteak here, but the buffalo chicken cheesesteak with blue cheese is a 10/10.I have nothing to say that hasn't already been said. This is the standard for cheesesteaks in Philly.Came here after a quick Google search of the best cheesesteaks Philly has to offer.  Having only had NYC cheesesteaks I came in with some high expectations, which were answered! 
It's a smaller restaurant that looks like an old school diner with enough indoor seating for 15 and a few outdoor tables. Prepare to bump elbows with the locals if you do sit inside for the full experience.  People that ordered out also waiting inside for their orders while staring hungrily at the people dining in.  Everyone seemed to get their orders withing 20 minutes even when it was crowded.
I ordered the cheesesteak with grilled onions and crushed peppers.  The bread was still soft at 7:30pm and tasty.  The steak was soft, tasty and melded well with cheese which was not too overbearing.  The crushed peppers are pickled and add a great contrast to the heavier steak and cheese.  They are spicy so beware! It's a heavy sandwich; towards the end I was getting full and the flavor was getting homogenous.  
Overall, worlds above the NYC deli cheesesteaks in terms of flavor (and around the same price).  For the price, definitely worth it. I'd recommend anyone coming through the area to eat here.Small menu. Know what you want. Busy place. Friendly workers.  Try the soup of the day, in season.I'm visiting from out of town from NC and thought I get a cheesesteak since I'm in Philly and saw that this place had tons of good reviews. I was excited to devour this sandwich but found that it doesn't have any flavor. I had to drench it in ketchup to make it half way decent to eat. It really wasn't as good as I expected.Steam table "steak."  Meat was sintered, not sliced, and off the steam table.  I might have had a worse cheesesteak but can't remember when.  Even food trucks do a better job but of course they fry up the meat to order.  Roll was OK.Taste: 3
Creativity/Authenticity: 3
Atmosphere: 3
Service: 3.5
Bang for your buck: 4
So let me start by saying the hype with sandwiches and who created them first is real and hype is usually over hype. First i cant compare any philly cheese sandwich to this place because i haven't had any cheese steak in philly besides dalessandros but i can say this is not the best philly cheese I've had and that being said jersey mikes makes a better cheese steak... Now Dalessandros does have amazing bread and the meat is good but everything lacked flavor, the onions and peppers and meat had no seasoning no flavor, without the extra sharp cheese the sandwich would be very bland. The atmosphere of this place is cool, busy and packed but i was able to walk in order and sit right down at the counter so i got lucky. Service here is alright the first waitress took my order but wasn't very helpful for a first timer just gave me a menu and told me figure it out but cant be too hard to get a cheese steak right? price here is ok, cheese steak, and a soda for 10 bucks kinda pricey but hey this place was packed so cant be too expensive. Overall i will def be going around philly looking for a cheese steak i hear Jims is really good.The best with Mamas for me and the lil lady that handles the money and orders is the sweetest...she's like a super friendly, loving neighbor... And the steaks are EXCELLENT!!!!I used to be a Pat's guy. But gotta say after being pointed to this place, I have found a new favorite. I'll keep searching for the best cheesesteak but this place has set the bar pretty high. Call ahead so you don't have to wait too long to enjoy the cheesy goodnessInitially didn't want a cheesesteak but my friend told me this was the best cheese steak in Philly..he wasn't lying!!! OMG!!! LOVED IT!!!  5**!!After searching online for "the best cheesesteaks in philly" this one came up. I've lived in philly most of my life, have eaten a ton of steaks in my lifetime.. and I would have to agree, definitely one of the best cheesteaks I've EVER had!
Although they cost more than most priced at $10 each, you definitely get what you pay for... quality plus a more than ample portion, the steaks are huge and filled with tons of meat, I was actually full after a little more than half! 
Downfalls, this place is always packed with a line out the door and long wait times, we waited for at least 30 mins. They don't take phone orders so you have to order in then wait for your name to be called out. HEADS UP, THEY ONLY TAKE CASH!
With all things considered, won't visit often because of the wait. But will come once in a while when I'm in the mood for an exceptional steak.These steaks chopped to perfection and smothered generously in America Cheese never disappoint. Dalessandros Cheesesteaks is this Philly girls #2 spot for Philly's finest. Like most cheesesteak shops in Philly - Cash Only (ATM on site). No need to go up to counter if you are "dinning" in - Seating is limited but available & staff does wait on you. Wide variety of various bottle sodas and beers on hand. Fixings galore for your cheesesteaks but listen... This cheesesteak stands on its on. A lover of onions myself even goes without.Never had a bad steak from DeLessandro's. The negative is the size of the place. Most of the time I feel like I'm in a can of sardines. 
Tip: want to avoid the touching, the claustrophobic nightmare, and the wait,  call the order in first.I am on mission  to try all the cheese steaks spots in Philadelphia and this is by far the best!!!!! I have tried Genos(not a fan) and I tried ishkabibble( it's good ) but this place is amazing . I gonna try more spots so let's see if I can find betterMy boyfriend and I took and impromptu trip up north last week...he's from Delaware and while we were there he promised me an authentic Philly Cheese steak! Apparently cheese steaks are serious business  up north so everyone had their own opinions of where we should go to get the best steak...but we are Yelpers and of course we turned to this site to help us find the best cheese steak in Philly...and we found it at Dalessandro's!!
I must've have looked like a visitor when I walked into the place because the ladies behind the counter were more than happy to sit me down and explain the menu to me!! I was a little nervous about not knowing exactly what I wanted when I got there because I had read reviews of other places and I was afraid that my head would be chopped off if I walked on all dazed and confused while I tried to order.
Anyway..hands down this was the best steak I have ever had and I am only an every once in a while beef eater...I wish I would've ordered it with a little more cheese...but it was so good with the mushrooms, onions, sweet peppers...and yes even a little ketchup on it! Awesome...awesome....I'm looking forward to visiting this spot the next time I take another trip up north!Great cheese steaks. It's always busy but so worth the wait and the staff there makes thou feel like homeBest steak I've had in Philly. They also have pretty good hoagies. They are almost always busy, but it doesn't take long to get your order or get a seat (at the counter inside or tables outside). 
They are cash only, but there is an atm inside. Definitely not enough of an issue to lose a star.I wish I could give this joint 10 stars.   Best cheesesteak in Philly.  Pat's = hype, Geno's = glam, Jim's = not bad...Dalessandro's = MONEY!  The aged provolone is the best that just compliments the meat and importantly the roll.  Roxborough has it going on with this gem.  The service is friendly and quick.  Whenever I'm rolling through on 76, I stop off just for Dalessandro's.  Totally worth it.As a transplant, I had been searching for a good steak in Philly and have finally found it! Thank you for my delicious mushroom, peppers, provolone, and mayo steak!Ordering was understandably rushed as there was a line out the door. The storefront was completely packed and service was as fast as any other take out. My main concern was how well the cheesesteak would hold up on my 30 min ride home (add an additional 10 because I had to stop at cvs). 45 minutes later and my cheesesteak was as fresh it could've been. I was pleasantly surprised not to unwrap a soggy mess. The cheesesteak was larger than most at that price point and it was filled to the brim my meat and toppings. The only real complaint is that I felt that just maybe it could use some seasoning. Garlic powder, salt, pepper ... something.Great cheesesteaks.  In my top 5 list of chessesteaks (1.  John's Roast Pork, 2. Chink's (Joe's), 3.  Dalessandro's, 4.  White House, 5.  Steve's Prince of Steaks).  Try to get a counter seat and enjoy the great cheesesteak.  If they are too crowded, go across the street and try a Chubby's, they are decent but not quite Dalessandro's.  The turkey hoagies are also very good at Dalessandros.I've tried a lot of Cheese steaks in my time. And let me tell you that there is no place better than Dalessandro's. The meat is always cooked to perfection and never dry. The staff is amazing and does a great job of getting the mass of people in and out in a timely manner. Anytime I have friends/family come to visit I always bring them here for a real authentic steak sandwich.Best steak sandwiches you can buy.  Packed with meat and the best toppings.  They also sell beer so it's a perfect stop on the way to and from philly to avoid 76 west traffic.Hands DOWN my favorite cheesesteak in Philly! Rolls are awesome, generous amount of meat and cheese. They have a variety of other hoagies/sandwiches too. But haven't tried them. I can't get past the cheesesteak!It was my first time to try Philly cheese stake ,, very awesome. Friendly Workers as well.I would have to give them the full star treatment. They build a steak the way a Philly cheesesteak should be made. The sandwich is full of quality steak, the cheese is blended well into the meat, the onions aren't over cooked, and the toppings, in this case pickles, are great quality. 
I read about the south philly places, genos and pats?? This place kills them!! No contest.This place is awesome.  Even though the D family aren't the owners anymore, they still carry on the tradition well.I've been to Pats and Gino's, but Dalessandros is better than both those. I purchased 4 sandwiches to go $34, not bad considering the size of the sandwich, the amount of meat and the qualty and taste. The steak actually tasted like steak. I got wiz wit and wiz witout. They gave me a small container of chopped hot peppers and a few whole ones with my order. My buddy also got the Dalessandro special, $10 for the sandwich, the special came with a Stella Artois. Good deal on a huge tasty cheesesteak. The staff was very friendly and efficient. You can eat at the counter or take out like we did. Cash only but they have an in store ATM. This place is the real deal for authentic Philly cheesesteak sandwiches.Please don't talk to me about Pat's or Geno's. Have a cheesesteak at the counter and you'll never go anywhere else againWhat can I say? If you want a great Philly cheese steak, and you're in the Manayunk/Roxborough, Germantown, Mt. Airy area; this is definitely the place. I'm only giving them 4 stars because they don't offer side orders/fries.I used to live really close to Dalessandro's and ate there weekly. I'm convinced that there isn't a better Philly cheesesteak in existence. It gets really crowded, but it's well worth the wait. I always ordered mine with provolone AND whiz. Do it. It's amazing. And the fried onions and banana peppers are really important, too. I recommend sitting outside if all the seats are taken inside (which is usually the case). Don't try to eat this in your car. It's way too messy and the bread gets soggy. This place ruined all other Philly cheesesteaks for me. I refuse to eat one from anywhere else. When I visit Philadelphia again, this is going to be my first stop.Yum!! It was worth the drive and wait in the pouring rain. Wait time was reasonable - less than 15 min from order time, just uncomfortably close standing with other guests while waiting. Ate in our car while it was hot. Only thing that would make it better would be enjoying with a beer!This place is fantastic. The steaks are great, and the staff is always friendly. Sit at the counter! Wish they had fries, but I'm willing to overlook that for the best cheesesteak in Philly.Best steak sandwiches, of course, forever.  But, no fries :-(Busy, crowded, loud and awesome!  Screw Pat's, screw Gino's go here and avoid all that nonsense and get a MUCH better sandwich.Up north side of the city the make the best cheessteaks. Usually the customer service is good.Don't be put off by the long lines out the door. This really is the best cheesesteak in Philly!The best cheesesteak in Philly. It is tasty, full of meat, and served with no silly bells or whistles,  as a steak should be.Why do people like this place?? I pass it almost everyday, and it is packed! I've gone twice with my family, and we all hate it! I was born and raised in Philly, and of course, I love cheesesteaks or chicken cheesesteaks. Both cheesesteaks I've had from here are gross. The place is too crowded, and there's people pressed against you. I feel bad for the people sitting inside. It always smells terrible. I would hate working there, and going home smelling like that! 
The location is terrible. Parking is on the street, and there's always people running across the middle of Henry Ave- a big street!! People are always crossing in the dark, and you have to be careful not to hit them! I would advise Dalessandro's to get a parking lot!Dalessandro's is definitely on my top 3 best cheesesteak places in Philly. For those that are traveling from afar, please note that this is in Roxborough, near Manayunk. The meat to cheese ratio here is perfect, my only complaints would be 2 things:
1. Bread. Needs to be more fresh. Stale last time I was here
2. Condiments neeeeeed to be readily available. There was no seating left inside so I sat outside but there were no condiments readily available outside such as Geno's or Pat's etc. I went inside and there was ONE bottle of ketchup, hot sauce nowhere to be found. The ONE bottle of ketchup was unfortunately cradled under a big man's hand that was in a food coma soooo I had my cheesesteak plain which just made my experience go down.
Other than that... keep doing what you're doing.Amazing, amazing cheesesteak! We were looking for an authentic (not touristy) place to grab a bite and this delivered. As others have said no frills, just great food. Limited seating inside, so be warned! I had to give 5 stars though because it was THAT GOOD!Oh. My. God. This cheesesteak is divine. And gargantuan. Like holy cow huge. The smell inside is absolutely intoxicating. The bread is so soft and wonderful and holds all of the amazing flavors of the perfectly seasoned steak. I got mine with grilled onions, mushrooms, cheese wiz and American cheese because one can never have enough cheese. I can't even properly express how good this sandwich was. I would be here every week if I lived in the area! They know what they're doing and they're definitely doing it right. The place was packed out the door but the line moves quickly so DO NOT let it deter you. I think this just may be the best cheesesteak I've ever had!!This is how a cheesesteak is supposed to taste. Not Genos. Not Pats. Not Steves. 
Delessandros's is definitely the best cheesesteak joint in Philly!My favorite cheesesteak place so far in Philadelphia, and I have been searching quite a bit. On one night out in Manayunk, my friends and I asked 2 separate people where their favorite cheessteak place was and both recommended this place. I've been here a couple times and it never has disappointed me.
Great price for a large juicy cheese steak. The onions and peppers are what makes it so good. So far, it has the best flavor of any other I've eaten. The staff usually seem overwhelmed, but are fairly friendly. The place is small, but it does give you that Philadelphia small diner feel. So far, this is my go to cheesesteak place I take my friends when they visit!There is no doubt in my mind that this is the best cheesesteak in the country.  We recently went on a taste tour and went pretty far out of our way to try these steaks.
NO DOUBT this is #1 for us ... with Jim's a distant 2nd.They're slipping. My order was wrong. I wanted a cheesesteak with fried onions and sweet peppers. What I received was a green pepper and onion sandwich with a smidgen of steak and a ton of grease. I live too far to take it back. I'll skip them for awhile. There's too many other shops to try closer to home.Quality steak + great rolls = arguably best cheesesteak anywhere. Try the hot cherry pepper mixture. Adds a nice mixture of spice to the cheesesteak as well.Steak is great you don't even need the cheese. If you get the hoagie cheesesteak, there is ketchup in it... too much for my liking. The staff is kinda rude. The place is constantly busy which is a good sign. It is also cash only, but there is an ATM in there.First time here ordered a regular cheesesteak sub. It was ok not the best. The bread you can tell wasn't the freshest. Not so friendly staff. 
They only accept cash but they do have an ATM inside that charges a fee of $1.50Best cheese steaks and more in Philly hands down. The bread, the steak, the condiments on the side.. Best hot pepper selection too. These steaks never miss. Melt in your mouth!Amazing cheesesteaks! Always fresh, hot, and tasty. Super convenient place to pick up beer with dinner also.Absolutely love this place. They never fail. The fried onions the crushed pepper flakes. Uh it it's too die for honestly.I tried Dalessandro's because of their high yelp ratings, but I was significantly underwhelmed. They were extremely busy and the line was out of the door, ordering was complete chaos, and the people taking the orders were not that polite. I waited patiently to receive my cheesesteak only to find that there was not one bit of seasoning on the meat. The cheesesteak had everything I would normally want by way of toppings, but it had absolutely no flavor. Needless to say, I was quite disappointed with the whole experience.I made the trek here because all philly natives said go to this spot and not genos or pats, well say no more. It is definietly something that isn't easy to get to without a car or uber so just be prepared.i got the cheesesteak with the banana peppers and grilled onions and provolone. It was very tasty the one thing I liked is that it wasn't as greasy as I expected the meat had great flavor and it was a huge serving.  They have outdoor seating and a small inside so be prepared to take it to go or sir in the park and eatNot bad, pretty good cheese steaks. I went here with 3 other friends and two of them their food,but weren't impressed that its among the best in Philly. Being 4 1/2 stars on Yelp, you expect it to be that good. Were from out of town and wanted the best Philly had to offer. I wasn't disappointed myself, it was good food but I feel the opinions of my friends count, because not everyone will have the same taste for things. Aside from this, one of the servers was having an attitude problem(chubby white female server) and the older lady cook kind of snuffed at her. Pretty much bickering and snapping at each other in front of customers. Not something people care to see, but at the same time not exactly a "classy" place. The other servers had great attitudes though and very friendly.Five stars because it's the best cheese steak spot in the cheese steak capital.  I had my doubts about Dalessandros after rumors of an ownership change, but the quality has not dropped off.  The restaurant is crowded, it might be hard to find a seat, and it's not a spot to visit for the ambiance, but they have everything required for an outstanding steak spot.
The service is efficient, the wait is never too long despite the crowds and there is a solid variety of beverages.  On to the good stuff - the meat is cooked just right, with heaping portions balanced perfectly in the roll, the cheese is mixed in, not just tossed on top (I avoid the cliche whiz), and extras like veggies are cooked well and mixed in, not just pulled from a pre-made pile and tossed on.  You'll occasionally suffer through an overly soggy bun, but this is inevitable and part of the fun.  One of my favorite parts of the spot is their massive selection of peppers for everyone which are in contains scattered around the restaurant.Im not saying it was bad but I had a cheese steak and it was bland. I tried this place and got a cheese steak hoagie with fried onions, lettuce and mayo and from the restaurant to my car the bread got so soggy and it tasted bland. So a few days later after others went I decided to try it again. This time I got a cheese steak with fried onions and salt and pepper. Thinking this would kick the flavor up but no it was still bland. I won't be going back. The staff is friendly though and the place is clean just not too flavorful for my taste.best cheesesteak in philly with NORMAL hours (JRP)... for fan's of chopped beefGreat, friendly service and the best cheesesteak I have had....ever.  Didn't get the whiz but I did get provolone and cheddar cheese and crushed red peppers....soooo good.  I will frequent again.  You know the food at a spot is good when the line travels outside the restaurant..  Glad I made this choice to try it.Yummy! Cheesesteaks are delicious. The meat is great and so are he rolls. I inhaled mine. The service was also good and fast on a busy Friday night. I sat at the counter and thought it was great. One of the best in the city, that's for sure. I will definitely be back.Best cheesesteak in philly. They use shaved prime rib which makes all the difference. I highly recommend grabbing counter seats if they are available. Eating it there adds to the overall experience. This place is a true gem and one of the best things philly has to offer.my. favorite. cheesesteak. in. Philadelphia. period. 
Dalessandro's will have my vote for best cheesesteak anytime. I can enjoy sitting at the counter, getting take out, or sitting at one of the crappy tables inside.  it's not about how big the place is.  it's not about how fancy the place is.  it's not about big neon signs.  its not even about french fries.  it's about the steak, man. 
delicious, fresh soft but slighty crisp on the outside buns, melty cheese (whatever you choose- provolone, whiz, american, you name it!), real thinly chopped steak, any toppings or onions, or whatever you want.  This is the place to go, hands down. 
Took my dad and sister here for a taste of the best cheesesteak in Philly and they agreed it was the best they had had. Counter service is top notch. Best i have had.  And they have a wide variety of beverages to choose from.  Street parking, and they always get your order right, and mine has always been correct. so, thumbs up Dalessandro's.  Keep on makin' steak.Dalessandro's has the best cheesesteaks in Roxborough, and among the best in Philadelphia.  The huge pile of meat and onions makes the place smell like a fat guy's wet dream, and you can order a beer to drink while you wait for your sandwich.  The place is always crowded so be prepared for a bit of a struggle - but it's worth it. 
It's cheesesteaks.  You know what they are so I'm not going to waste time explaining beyond stating that Dalessandro's makes the best.  
Good craft beer selection so you don't have to swill on Bud or Coors Light.Massive Cheesesteak and quick service!! Came from DC and ate a cheesesteak with extra cheese(american) and onions and devoured it.  Grabbed another cheesesteak to go this time with provolone and siracha... MONEY!I had my first cheesesteak since moving to Philadelphia from here last night and it was really good. Very overwhelming inside - very much a local place and not a touristy place. Everyone seemed to know what they wanted to order when they get up to the counter. I didn't and asked for a menu, and the girl behind the counter was nice about it...then took the order of ppl behind me til I was ready. You pay one you get your food, and the wait was about 20mins. Cash only. The place is small, so most of the ppl inside weren't in line ordering, they were waiting for their food. My cheesesteak was very good. Stayed warm in the foil til I got home (about a 15min drive). Tip: if you don't tell them you want it on your sandwich, they don't put it on. I'll definitely come back though. Very much so worth it.This place has been sold so many times since its hay day they don't even try to make a good steak... Why should they.. People just people keep returning like zombies.The best cheesesteak we had in Philly. This place was highly recommended by many friends and locals of Philly. The place is in a neighborhood and you will have to find street parking but it wasn't too bad. The place is small and gets crowded but the line goes quick. Walk your way up to the front to order and you pay when you get your order. There are a few picnic tables outside and a small bar area but overall seating is limited. They only accept cash but have an ATM instead. Drink refills are $1.00. The cheesesteaks are large enough to share between two people. I shared a cheesesteak with onions and green peppers. I felt like there could have been more cheese but overall it tasted juicy and flavorful and the bread was nice and soft. If you do prefer a little more cheese just order it with extra or you can ask for it on the side.Sorry tony lukes you were once my favorite place to grab a cheesesteak. This place is my new favorite. This is the most delicious cheesesteak I have ever had. I had one with wiz and onions and it just oozed with gooey delicious greatness and they have a grand selection of beer common and also uncommon beers I have never heard of. Staff is extremely friendly and accommodating and your food is ready in a very timely manner. My only gripe is they take cash only but overall my highest cheesesteak recommendation!!!