Alright. I called and asked about operating hours and the girl on the phone was so sweet and offered to make a reservation for us! Already better service than any other restaurant. 
Upon walking in the restaurant was beautiful. Bar was amazing. The whole vibe was raw and warm at the same time. 
We go upstairs and two servers took care of us. Not rushed. Casual but polite. Our server gave us a ran down and he was legitimately a really cool guy. 
We ordered 
DanDan Noodles- these were good. Every place has their spin on it. These were tossed table side. I would say it was heavy on the peanut flavor and the noodles weren't as "bite to the tooth" or "al dente" as I personally like. Still good. HUGE portions. 
Sichuan Cold Noodles- I am just a cold noodle fan. I like cold noodles in general. These were great! Loved the Sichuan chili oil sauce. Great crunch. Just delicious. 
Scallion Pancakes- very Taiwanese. These were the epitome of Taiwanese pancakes. 
Pork braised rice bowl. This was $1.95. Yup. In a regular bowl. It was so inexpensive and so good. The pork belly was tender and soft and everything you can dream of. 
Garlic Pork- I love myself pork belly. I must try garlic pork everywhere I go. This is the dish that allows me to see if I like the place or not. It was delicious here. Great garlic flavor. The sauce was done right. 
Wonton in Chili Oil- delicious! Top 3 wontons. The sauce was perfect. Hints of vinegar. The wontons had good filling. Me personally would have like the skin to be a bit thicker but that's a personal preference. 
Dinner for 2 was a success. Great job guys. Thank you to our server was being amazing.You must go! Except going back to cheaper, typical Chinese takeout will make your eyes rain tears of regret. Almost everything was perfect. I don't usually like Wonton Soup but i was seduced their delicate wontons and clean simple but flavorful broth. Excellent scallion pancakes, Dan Dan noodles, spring rolls, and three cup chicken (a little in the sweeter side for some). Skip the black peppercorn entree unless you like heart burn and acid reflux, huge portion w. overpowering sauce. Excellent service.This place was recommend to me by my brother. So we drove up from Maryland just see exactly what he was raving all about. I must say I was not disappointed. We walk right in and was seated. We got the Dan Dan noodle and the Dry Pot ( I think that was the name) but both were good. Must warn you of the spice level. I thought medium would be somewhat warm but it was very spicy so if you can't handle spicy food try just the regular spice level. Would definitely come back.Loved it! Had my friends bday party here. They were very compliant with our requests for lighting and cutting our cake. They had great food. We ordered the scallion pancakes, dan dan noodles and the 3 pot chicken. Was enough food for 4 people. The dan dan noodles had a spicy peanut sauce which was delicious! Definitely would go back!I live in NYC and was here for the opening weekend and am generally here at least twice a month. 
The food is great and incredibly cheap. Minced pork over rice is $1.75....
Design wise, the place clearly didn't retain an architecture but it's generally fine and unobtrusive. 
The service is great and if you go during lunch on a weekday, you may be expected to wait 15 min or so for a table. Otherwise, their table turnover is quite fast (within a couple minutes).Pretty good Chinese. The spicy dishes are no joke! The dry pepper chicken really hurt my stomach after eating because I'm not used to spice like that. The black bean chicken was great and we would get that again. The fried rice tasted on the healthier side but still great. Pot stickers to start were average ( mine taste the same from a grocery store ). I'd probably return to Jane G's for my Chinese.I would recommend the Three Cup Chicken; a dish that's not too oily or drenched in sauce. The service is absolutely horrendous; very rude servers.I'm a huge fan of Dan Dan. There are plenty of Asian spots around the city but this is my favorite. i love the pot stickers but the best thing that I like are the noodles at happy hour for $5 they give you a delicious bowl of Dan Dan noodles big enough to share with a friend. I love that they are warm and savory going in, and then spicy in the finish. So delish! But the thing I love most is going there on Wednesday for happy hour, (4:30 - 6:30) is the bartender Nate! I've known him for years and he is a master mixologist. He can make you any drink you want and it will be perfect every time! He's very personable and always has a great story. I can eat and drink from home, but I come to Dan Dan for the excellent food, great service and the wonderful hospitality from Nate.This is Han Dynasty for the uninitiated, perhaps even the timid.
From the rumor mill, it's been said that this restaurant came as a result of a family feud (Han and his sister?) - and thus Dan Dan and also Han's namesake famous noodle dish came to be.  I think we can live in a city where Han Dynasty and Dan Dan can coexist.
Han Dynasty is the traditionalist, more authentic with a kick, while Dan Dan is (can I say it?), more Americanized.  
Perfect quick lunch spot in a conveniently modern space, with service to match.  Three dishes to split for two and you are more than fine, and perhaps even stuffed.  
My standard: Dan Dan (duh), bok choy, and a protein to go with (have your pick).
Can't lose.Nice dishes. Good heat. We all felt not enough veggies.  Shrimp w garlic scallions and bok Chou was very healthy portion. My brother had duck and loved it. Hot pot very aromatic. Great!!!!!!!!!!!!! Service!!!!!!!!!!!!!all to be commended. Well done!Quite simply, perfect. I was aiming for a quick tasty noontime meal, and as a longtime fanboy of the handy nasty empire, I couldn't resist stepping off 16th for a seat at the bar where I was very well looked after by Mark. I am sure they're sick of the comparison to HD, but my lunch at Dan Dan exceeded every expectation. Sooo glad I got there at 11:58AM (seats aplenty seats galore) because by 12:02PM, there was barely breathing room. Okay, so it was full, but not a mosh pit, and I had no troubles with elbow room or close talkers. I decided on Cumin chicken (~$9 for a lunch portion) and dumplings in chili oil. Small gripe about paying a few extra bucks for brown vs white rice, but the brown rice was a generous nutty perfectly cooked portion, so maybe the extra $ was okay.
The Cumin chicken was dreamy, perfectly portioned to satisfy, but not overfill. Lots of complex spicy depth to the seasonings with a good amount of thinly sliced chicken breast served with crisp fresh veggies. The dumplings in chili oil had wrappers that were not too thick or too paper thin, in a complex spicy broth with the usual sprinkle of sesame seeds and just the right amount of oil. Overall heat level in both dishes was right on the mark - complex and flavorful with enough heat to warm you up and get your nose running, but not at all unpleasant or overdone. Looking forward to a return visit sooner rather than later... Def need to dive deeper into the menu!Went to Dan Dan last night for dinner and it was very good. 
We started off with the chicken potstickers and they were delicious! There are 6 in an order, lightly fried served with a sweet sauce. The dumpling wrapper is very light and we loved them! 
Next we had a Beef Lo Mein and Dry Pot Chicken.  The beef Lo Mein was ok, a little bland but still good. The Dry Pot Chicken was good but we expected more spice since it was rated 5 dots on the menu. I found that if you mixed it up or really soaked it in the chili oil that is in the bottom of the wok, it enhanced the flavor.
Servers were attentive and gave us extra rice. We also thought the food all has a slight sweetness to it. 
The only problem we had was that in between our appetizer and meal, it took a long time. All of the tables around us (who ordered after) received their food but we still hadn't. Our server explained that the kitchen lost our check but it was being made right away. The manager was very apologetic so that was nice. 
Overall, DanDan is very good but I would still pick Han Dynasty over DanDan. Would definitely go back again!I have returned to Dan Dan a few times now and finally was able to bring my boyfriend along. We both loved the food and he even got me to try food that I never liked to eat as a kid! Dan Dan remains one of my favorite spots in the city!I liked it. But nothing stands out as something that I really want to go again. 
Pros: Dan Dan noodles, Spicy Tofu/Fish (Large able to feed 3 people)
Free tea! (You have to ask)There's a buzz def hanging in the air around Dan Dan in the heart of Center City Philly and everyone I know who has been there just likes it. The Philadelphia Inquirer restaurant critic recently rated their signature Dan Dan noodles as only average.  Say what??  They're not average!....they have an excellent consistency and are very tasty with a spicy kick.  I love the Dan Dan noodles at Han Dynasty and I like these as well.  The ground floor bar area is cool and the popular dining room is upstairs.  Service was very friendly.  So with its prime location near 16th and Walnut Streets, Dan Dan Noodles is a good bet wherever you're eventually heading to in Center City.I've had this restaurant on my radar for a while now because I always walk past it when I'm shopping in Philly. I came in at 9:00 pm on a Saturday and it was a little crowded but there wasn't a wait, so that was great. The hostess, waitress, and other staff were very nice and accommodating. They made conversation which is always a plus. 
The reason I'm giving this place a 4 star review is because of the scallion pancakes I ordered. The sauce that it came with was perfect! It had just enough sweetness and it was a little tangy. However, the scallion pancakes weren't so perfect. They were dripping oil, which ruined the appetizer. They should be light and crispy, not greasy.
That was the only not-so-great thing about Dan Dan in my experience.  
On the other hand, The entree was the bomb. I ordered the Dry Pot Chicken and it was SO spicy. I love love love spicy food and this certainly satisfies my craving. The heat creeped up on me with each bite. The chicken was succulent and tender, and the other vegetables were a nice addition to the dish. It also came with a complimentary side of rice. I will definitely be back at Dan Dan for lunch!I took a take out with chicken soup and Eggplant w. Garlic sauce as entree. They forgot the rice!!!!
I called and they said you can come pick it up then!
I'm not going to go to pick up something they forgot. They didn't offer to deliver it!! Also eggplant tasted really bad!!!! Not going there EVER again!!!Love this place, particularly for its dan dan noodles and for its Taiwanese menu! Basically the only option (and totally authentic) for Taiwanese food. The owners and managers are very friendly and will come check up on you when wait times get long.My boyfriend and I ordered take out as a special movie and Szechuan date at the end of a long week. While no doubt the pork belly was delicious, there was a piece of broken glass in the food that I cut my gum on. I reached out to the restaurant through their website as I wanted to quietly let them know about the issue but they never responded.I enjoy the Taiwanese salt and pepper chicken! Very authentic Taiwanese dishes, especially since I'm from Taiwan. The hot, spicy Szechuan beef noodles is good too.No thanks!  I'll be sticking to Han dynasty!  This place is poorly run and managed!  Was passed over for a table and waited 1.5 hours (with Pregnant friend) until I was told they would not be able to seat us. Hostess lied to my face and told they had called our cell phone to be seated, but she did not. If you open a Resturant it would be nice to accommodate a party of 4. This place is just set up with two tops, so be prepared to wait a Hell of a long time if you have a party larger than 2. I'm sure the food is decent, but I won't be coming back.  I'd rather spend my money at a place that treats people right. (FYI, they paid for publicity with Philly Mag).I was impressed with Dan Dan, and it has definitely topped Han Dynasty in my mind. Not only is it in a more central location, but the portion size was unexpectedly huge, and the spice levels didn't make me want to cry my eyes out. I think this is a more approachable Szechuan meal, and one that I will make a regular stop for myself!
The portion of Dan Dan noodles was huge! And we had the three cups chicken and pork dumplings - way too much food for two people. I recommend sharing an entree and an appetizer, and you will be all set and pleasantly stuffed.Went there tonight and had an outstanding dinner at the bar.  Great service by the bar tender as we ordered for us.  First had then signature DanDan noodles and WoW!!!! Looks like normal noodles with some sauce.  Boy was I surprised.  Outstanding flavor with a nice little bite. Then he ordered the chicken with a side order of rice.  Spiced and great flavor.   Then we had pot sticker, shrimp .  Great sauce to accommodate the pop stickers.  Was headed to have seafood but has an great meal for a great price..seems like the owners took the best from han dynasty and improved upon it. Not to say Han dynasty isn't good already, but dan dan adds a little something extra. The hot pepper fish with the green peppercorn blew my mind. It had to be the best hot pepper fish I've ever had. And that's a bold statement. The dumplings weren't anything special, but the 3 cup chicken was delicious. Everything was flavorful. Currently byob so enjoy it while it lasts!Dan dan noodles are my favorite quick thing. Had the 3 cup chicken and garlic eggplant last time also and all of it was amazing ! Really good service and pretty quick usually.personally chengdu noodle with chilly  oil is to die for. I thought it is better than DanDan noodle here which is too sweet for me. 
Chicken (cold appetizer ) is good but wonton in chilly oil is not that good. The hot sauce is used for every dish so they all taste similar.
But for a huge fun for noodle it is a good place to check out.
It is not the way Szechuan cuisine should be. But anyway the taste is fine.We often go to this restaurant. It's amazing. They have plenty of options for vegetarians. Don't miss their Cumin Dish -fried tofu. 
However, I tried the PanDan drink which wasn't impressive.Consistently delicious food, with fast service to boot.  Always fresh tasting and never greasy.  I have been here a number of times for lunch, and would recommend getting here at 11:45AM the latest, or after 1PM.  It gets packed quickly and for a reasonWe went on a Sunday night after a movie, and were surprised at how busy it was at 8:30pm. Overall it was A-OK. Dan dan noodles were great, crispy cucumbers, excellent tofu dishes, as well as chicken. But, and I don't really want to say it, my husband and I most likely will go to Han Dynasty next time. The ambiance at Dan Dan isn't great- it's bright, chairs are hard, tables are tight, and the food is so similar to Han Dynasty. Why not just go to a place with a little more personality and comfort? 
That being said, maybe it's better during the day for lunch when expectations are different.First time to Dandan but not the last! We enjoyed scallion pancakes, dumplings in chili oil, Dandan noodles, spicy crispy cucumbers, cumin lamb, Napa cabbage soup with chestnuts, lychee fish, and fried mushrooms. It was delicious and FAST! The service was friendly and efficient. I recommend making a reservation because they just opened and they serve excellent food!Excellent food. We ordered Fried rice, spring rolls, & Dan Dan noodles. Cute small restaurant.We stayed at the Warwick hotel and checked in late. Dan Dan was open and looked good so we thought to order take out.  SO GLAD WE DID.  The service was great, our order was ready within 15 minutes and we devoured everything we ordered. Their sauces were amazing!!! Must try.I went there their first week and got the Dan Dan Noodles and Wontons in Chili Oil.  I loved them both a lot more than the one i got at Han Dynasty.  The noodles comes in a large bowl so that alone was able to fill me up and truthfully that is the only dish I'll ever want to order from there.  There is no more room for anything but dan dan noodles when I go there except maybe a wonton in chili oil. . .I went to Dan Dan this afternoon. I took away a order of chicken fried dumplings. They taste so great. Very fresh, kind of juicy. High quality.  And the location is right on shopping street. The environment is very nice, very cute.The dan dan noodles are spicy and good, and the fried spicy chicken is too. A great and upscale Chinese place outside of Chinatown. Definitely try the Taiwanese dishes. For example we also had the taiwanese sausage (with thin slices of raw garlic, which is how the dish is normally served but a great detail that the restaurant knew). Usually at home we like to make the sausages a little crispy and the service was very accommodating. 
The space is a bit cramped with the big bar on the bottom, but they make it work with a second floor space.It is a Taiwanese restaurant. It is in center city, which it is super convenient. The sever and owner are all so nice and friendly. The dishes are amazing. They have a little bar downstairs too, which is convenient for drinkers. It is always crowded, so make sure you reserve seat earlier!They haven't got their liquor license, so even they have a bar, you can only got water and soft drinks there. However, you can BYOB, at least for now. 
This place is smaller than I thought, but nice and modern decorated. My friend and I were greeted immediately once walked in this restaurant. We were seated upstairs, it's nice that they have long tables for group dining. They have very similar menu comparing with Han Dynasty. 
We ordered beef&tripe with chili oil for appetizer. It was very flavorful and delicious. For entree, we ordered beef ribeye beer strewed pot and garlic chicken. The beef pot came in a big pot, only by smelling it you can tell it's super spicy. However, when I eat it, it's not that spicy as I thought, instead, the beer enhanced the flavor. The garlic chicken was just average, but it's good. 
Overall, since this is a newly opened restaurant, the servers are friendly but need to be trained a little more. The food is somewhat authentic Chinese (I'm Chinese :)). I liked the ambiance of this place, a nice Chinese restaurant in Rittenhouse square. I think I will stick with Han Dynasty for chinese food, but next time when I'm in Rittenhouse square and craving for chinese food, I will go to Dan Dan for sure.Food was OK at best. Kind of bland. Service was awkward. They said food would come out as it was finished. That being said, the entrees came out first, then soup, then appetizers . It was about 25 minutes after the food was served before the waitress came back to check on us. We were finished all of our food before we could order a second drink. Before leaving, we needed to us the restroom. The wait for the lone men's room was 15 minutes because the bartender (giroux  shirt) was on there changing. Making paying customers wait while he changed so he could go out and drink after his shift. As for the woman's room, after 15 minutes of waiting, we just left. Oh, and the restrooms are right next to where they get your tea. So as you drink you tea, remember it was brewed 3 feet from the men's room door. 
I wouldn't waste my time.Came back here for happy hour and it was amazing ! Stuffed on dan dan noodles and beer. Total comfort food in this cold wet weather!Pretty good food, but I don't like that they reserve bar seats. 
Hey, its your business, do what you want, but if I can't walk in and sit down at an empty bar stool I have no use for you.We ordered dan dan noodles without pork and Sichuan style glass noodles. Dan dan noodles were amazing and the sauce was very silky. Sichuan style glass noodles had an amazing sauce and it was really very spicy. You can feel the burn in your throat when you sip the soup and that burning feel is amazing. Quantity is generous and price is moderate.It's a great place for family style eating. I went here with my family of eight. We were seated right  away. The hostess who sat us was also the owner. She was super nice and very attentive. She had no problem getting her hands dirty by serving us and taking our dirty dishes away. The twiced cooked chicken was our favorite included the Dan dan noodles.  The hot pot lamb was delicious and so was the mopu tofu was script and get flavor. I would definitely go here again. They have a small bar but we didn't get any drinks. The tea was tasty tooThis is just a regular Chinese chain, like pf changs or pei Wei. The food is always consistent, but nothing to write home about. I'd definitely recommend here for a quick lunch spot or takeout. I liked the garlic sauce chicken or scallion pork.I came here for dinner last night with a couple of friends. The waiters and atmosphere were very nice. I somehow ordered the wrong drink; the bartender came up and made me a new drink without any hesitation and it was delicious.
The appetizers were my favorite part. We ordered scallion pancakes (yum), veg dumplings (yum) and spicy crispy cucumbers (eh, I would skip this - it's fresh cucumbers dipped in very spicy sauce even though it only had 2 stars)
For my meal I had the garlic dish with tofu. It was about a pound or two of tofu with a scant amount of vegetables. I would have preferred more vegetables. They serve it with rice. They also give you tea for the table. 
Not my favorite place but the scallion pancakes and dumplings were good. The prices seem reasonable.Some kind of wonderful for all, especially those who are gluten free. My son and I are both GF and there was only a few things on this menu that could not be made GF. Even the noodle dishes could be made with rice noodles. Now, 24+ hours later and not a gurgle.
Beyond that, this is some of the best food I have had in a loooong time. Living and working in NYC for 30+ years gives me plenty of experience with schezuan food and this is first class.
Great staff, congenial hosts and a pr me location should make Dan Dan a winner.The good:
The food was pretty good.  We had the Dan Dan noodles, pickled cucumbers, Garlic Chicken, Scallion Pancakes.  We also had the Cumin Steak dish.  I would not recommend unless you have some type of sick obsession with cumin.
The bad:
I felt like the seating was tight.  We sat in the front on the first floor next to the bar.  Aka I kept getting bumped by our server/runners the entire night.
The ugly:
Oh the ugly.  Our server was the ugly.  To sum this up..she tried to take our plates when I was still eating 3x and came back an additional  2x after I gave her the east shit an die glare.  I couldn't get loud because I was expecting her to pick up on my cues and we had a guest dining with us.  She forgot to pack the "fresh rice" (instead of the leftover rice on the table) she promised and also forgot to pack up an entire dish (garlic chicken).  We did not realize it until the next day.
Moral of the story:
I don't like being rushed out of a restaurant.  I don't like it when my leftovers are not wrapped.  I will go back because the food was good..if I feel even the slightest bit rushed, I will be speaking to a manager.  I will also be double checking when I leave that everything is wrapped!I had this place bookmarked for a trip for quite a while, and it clearly lived up to its reputation. I went with my family and we ordered the scallion potatoes and Dan Dan noodles as appetizers. The Dan Dan noodles are the best I've had in Philly so far!
I ordered the fiery ribeye brewpot and it was incredible. A huge portion and the presentation was really cool.
Unfortunately the service was pretty bad. We had to ask the staff several times to bring out our sides of rice, and they never brought out my mom's meal. Luckily she was full so that wasn't an issue but it seemed like there was a pretty major disconnect between the staff and the customer.Sadly to say I'm not impressed. The Dan Dan noodle was very creamy and not as flavorful as it smelled. I went around 11:30am and said they ran out of the Taiwanese hamburger...The beef noodle soup was bland. We also got the dry pot dish with shrimp. It was okay, but I was super thirsty after. When I asked about our beef noodle soup the server/manager was really annoyed looking. Smile dude! Don't have an annoyed look on your face. 
I really wanted to love this place, but I guess my expectations were too high.Let me preface this by saying we did take-out.
It was good food, but it was a little bland and oily.  The menu is very exotic; not geared to people used to eating Chinese food from a strip mall.  Which is probably a good thing for a lot of people.  This place isn't for us, but maybe for other people it's fine.No idea why they have two places but thought I left one for this too. We love DanDan. The owners are super nice. The place has great ambience and wonderful location. The food is Excellent!! That battered/fried mushroom is out of this world!! The cucumber appetizer is very refreshing too. There are a couple more dishes we wanted to try but have no room. Will absolutely go back to try those. Two thumbs up! Must go in CC.Authentic Sichuan food in a trendy environment. I came here on a weekend for some appetizers and drinks, and the place was quite full. We tried the dan dan noodles, hot and sour noodles, and cold pork belly (all $9). Everything was really delicious and flavorful. We asked for the dishes to be made extra spicy and they were. I also tried the dandan pandan drink ($9) which was basically coconut milk with cream liquor-- great for someone who likes sweet drinks that mask the taste of alcohol. 
I would say that everything is a bit overpriced, and you're definitely paying for the chic ambiance and availability of alcohol. You can find cheaper options for the same flavor outside of Rittenhouse. Service was also sub par. Our waiter only stopped by to take our order and then deliver the check. The servers seemed preoccupied by a mess up at a neighboring table, so we were never able to get our water refilled or order more drinks. I would probably come back on a day with less foot traffic.We love Han dynasty but live closer to this place so we stopped in around 8pm on a Friday to get our Dan Dan noodle fix. We were told by the hostess the wait would be 30-45 minutes, which we were okay with so we went to a bar nearby. Once almost an hour had passed we hadn't been called by the hostess so we returned. After about another fifteen minutes we were seated. Once seated we practically had to beg for drinks (we asked the waiter 3 times for them and waited about 20 mins). This service was unfortunately indicative of the entire meals. It was the absolute worst service we have ever experienced. Unhelpful and inattentive wait staff. The food was solid, but due to the service we will not be returning.Amazing food! God the Dan Dan lunch noodles and they are amazing. Spicy and very flavorful for just simple noodles. A little oily but I suppose that's where all the flavor is coming from!Lunch was FRESH HOT and SPICY!!! Just like I had hoped for, as I'm from outta town looking for something other than a PHILLYcheesesteak.. HOWEVER,  it would have been a much better experience if your asian bartender wasn't Coughing and BLOWING his nose right in front of me (never washed his hands) during my entire lunch.Amazing!!  I wanted something spicy and boy I got it (in the cumin chicken).  I also got the scallion pancakes which were flaky and delicious.  Will def. be making this place a regular on my lunch rotation.  Can't wait to try the rest of their menu!Honestly for a place called Dan Dan, I've been consistently let down by the dan dan noodles. I usually loove them but these ones just don't do it for me. I've tried dan dan about 3 times because it's close by and I have friends that swear by it. The restaurant is a cool vibe but the only thing I'd really recommend are their wontons in chili oil.Had the dan dan noodles for 9$ and the slow braised pork belly burger for 8$. Amazing taste and cool atmosphere. Sitting At the bar, super nice staff, quick service. Noodles were there in 4 min. Go there!!!!We just happened to find this place while walking around on Saturday afternoon. Three of us shared two apps and two entrees, and it was plenty of food!
I would say the Dan Dan noodles are a must have - perfect level of spice and it was so much food! If I had got this for just me it could have been two meals! The spring rolls were delicious and the beef and pepper entree was great as well! Food quality was a 5 for us!
They had a great list of draft beers, but it seemed like most (if not all) were $6, which is a little pricey. The sign did note a week-day happy hour though, which included $5 drafts. The service was friendly, but a little slow for the fact that there were only a few other tables in the place when we arrived.I cannot overstate how much I liked this place. We had the wontons in chili oil and three cup chicken. The flavors and the spice were nicely balanced. The staff was also very friendly. Their food must also travel well as there was a huge line to pick up carry out the whole time we were eating.  We will definitely be backI love spicy food.  Since i look like a basic white girl, most places give me the side eye when I order something hot.  But not Dan Dan they brought my dish out just right!  So that says a lot! 
My server was great, the food came out quickly, and my mom and I had a tremendous lunch.  
I thought the vegan options were good and the server knew what sauces were vegan and which were not. 
The prices for lunch were adorable and everything seemed like a good value for what we paid.
I would rather eat here than Han dynasty absolutely any day!Great noodle bar. Cool aesthetic. We had a small group dinner here and it was the perfect location. Dishes are big enough to share with a table if you're ordering a few. Better to go with a group so you can try more, the menu has so many great options. Make a reservation for a larger group, they fill up fast at rush hour times!Great place, great atmosphere, great for any event
-The food really is fantastic and spiced perfectly for each dish
-The options vary so you can get noodles or different varieties of soup 
-The service is great, I recommend getting a reservation because space is very limited even though they have a second floor seatingSalty!  In more ways than one.  Having visited basically once a week for several months it didn't start off that way.  It started much differently and was one of my favorite places in Philly to grab dinner.  
The Dan Dan noodles, the namesake of the restaurant, of course were very good.  It's a simple dish with few ingredients which is married quite well.  This version has a strong sesame flavor that differentiates from others.  It's big enough to be considered a meal for one or an appetizer for three.
The pork belly appetizer is fatty and spicy dish that is best to be paired with rice, it's loaded with sliced scallions on top and also a dish that should be shared with many.  The spicy wontons are basically pair with the same sauce as the pork belly and is a tasty option as well.
The dry pot fish (or any dry pot dish for that matter). is hit or miss, it comes in a mini wok with a bunch of veggies, bamboo shoots, mushrooms, bell peppers, onions, and peppers.  The main ingredient is fried first then stir fried with the veggies, adding a component of flavor.  Now when it's good it's more spicy then salty, when it is bad it's like some mad scientist unloaded three tablespoons of table salt on top for no reason.  This has been the case in more instances than not which is extremely disappointing.
The dry pepper dishes are more consistent, basically a fried ingredient of your choosing paired with a glutton of dry chili peppers which seem more scary than it really is.  One of my favorite dishes conceptually although definitely a dish that needs to be shared given that it's a lot of fried food to consume.  
The dining in atmosphere at times seems to be chaotic.  There are times when I've walked in and the entire bar is in need of busing.  There never seems to be enough employees relative to customers and the employees that work here always seem super busy.  I've been here a few times when there are angry people waiting for their takeout orders and other times when those waiting for drinks have been annoyed with the wait.   Generally speaking it doesn't annoy me to wait for good food so I've never paid attention to it.  But it does bother me when I get grief from an employee for no reason.  On one occasion, one of the managers of the restaurant snapped at me when I was waiting for a table.  For no other reason other than to just inform when asked how many in my party, that I had told the guy behind him already so as to not double up on his effort.  Apparently he interpreted this to mean I was inconvienenced in having to tell him again which was not the case and when I tried to explain I was written off.  This really annoyed me as I had been waiting patiently and was not in any way discounting the effort made to seat me.  I'm not sure how it impacted my food that night but everything seemed off.
I went back once more after that episode but have decided that the food wasn't worth the grief, after all you dine out to relax and enjoy your evening.Great ambience, wonderful location, super friendly owners, but most importantly Excellent food!! That battered/fried mushroom is out of this world!! The cucumber appetizer is very refreshing too. There are a couple more dishes we wanted to try but have no room. Will absolutely go back to try those. Two thumbs up! Must go in CC.Cumin chicken - awesome
Eggplant - awesome 
Sausage app - awesome
Was a little busy and loud, but otherwise a great experience.Second time here and wow love the food is awesome. The Dan Dan is a must try for anyone. And is fun to share. The bokchoy was buttery delicious.  The few chicken dishes we ordered were  very good . I'm not afraid to just point at something on the menu and go for it. I'm that confident I'll be impressed. The servers are helpful to answer your questions about the food. Give them a try !Excellent Taiwanese and Szechuan food! Very reasonably priced and well situated in Philadelphia. Very cozy upstairs seating as well as bar seating in the first floor. My husband loveeeed the duck and I found my garlic beef quite tasty. I like the options of brown rice too.Great food. Pretty much a Han Dynasty clone, but that's a good thing. The service we had when we went was terrible. We waited over half an hour for even drinks. We think our server forgot to put our order in. I understand that service can vary, so I'd love to come back again and have a decent server.We found this restaurant from it being one of the very few restaurants that were open on Christmas Day and we are so happy we did! The food here was absolutely delicious. For appetizer we ordered the spicy dumplings and the sauce was so tasty, I couldn't believe it! The rest of our food was very tasty and was very fresh. We will be definitely going back here whenever we pay Philadelphia another visit!Nice modern place for Taiwanese food. Ordered several dishes and all tasted like home! *Salt and pepper fried chicken* is a classic street food in Taiwan. It was seasoned just like how it should be, in a classic way. Battered bite size chicken breast was firstly marinated with garlic, five spice powder, soy sauce, etc, and the deep fried.  It's served with fried basil which advance the flavor! *Taiwanese hamburger* is served with slow cooked pork belly and steamed bun. Topped with crashed peanuts, cilantro, and pickled mustard green. *Taiwanese sausage fried rice* is very simple and yum! It tastes like the fried rice you would normally get from ding-tai-fong. Here at Dan Dan you can also get cocktail, wine, and draft beer. I was hoping to have some popular dessert in Taiwan such as shaved ice, mochi with crashed peanuts, or sweet silly tofu.This was our first trip here.  It was not awful, but it was not great either.  I am always hesitant to give a review when I don't like something because I think a lot of it is personal taste.  So I tend to only give reviews when I really like something or when I have had a horrible experience I feel I need to warn others about.  This does not fall into either of those camps.  The wait staff was friendly.  I just did not enjoy the food.  We ordered the ginger sour string beans which came out promptly.  I have not had them before and I'm sure they were probably good for that dish, but I personally did not like it.  I had a smell aversion to the sauce and so I was kind of queasy the rest of the dinner.  That is not the restaurant's fault by any means.  I ordered the scallion dish with beef.  It was good, but after about five bites I felt that it was much saltier than it needed to be.  My husband ordered chicken and I don't know if they had a mix up in the kitchen or what but they brought out my dinner a full ten minutes before his which was awkward.  We also got pork fried rice to share and I don't know if they pre make it and reheat it or what but it had random hot and cold spots in it.  At first I thought maybe they'd thrown the frozen peas and carrots in too late and they just hadn't heated up all the way but there were hot and cold spots of rice and pork as well.  I really wanted to like this place.  I think it has a lot of potential and I think my review is more a reflection of a clash between my personal tastes and catching them on an insanely busy night.  It is a newer restaurant and maybe just has some growing pains to work out.I was finally able to check this place out! The decor is super cute and very urban. The menu is nice and the lay out of the restaurant is so simple. The drinks were delicious, got the Delicate Petals.. A very sweet a fruity drink with muddled pineapple garnished with a sprig of fresh mint. Dinner was the infamous Dan Dan noodles. Extremely delicious and full of flavor. The Fiery Ribeye Brew Pot was the next dish to reach the table. Definitely full of flavor and spice. You have to be a fan of the distinct flavor of the Szechuan peppercorn to enjoy it.. There's many things on the menu that I'm looking forward to try again in the near future.Ate here on a recent weeknight and the food's quite good.  I haven't had Han dynasty in a while, so can't make direct comparisons, dish for dish. The ambiance, at first seemed great, but the noise level was particularly bad- low ceilings, nothing soft to absorb the obnoxious musings of the table next to mine.  
The Dan Dan noodles seemed a bit sweet, and the dumplings in chili oil had the smallest bit of meat inside, but was still very good. The shrimp in green pepper or something like that was delicious and appropriately Szechuan peppercorn-y numbing.  
I'd give the place a 4 for food and service, however, the alcohol is obnoxiously, ridiculously overpriced.  $9 for a bottle of Victory pils? WTF? So in response to their FU in the form of a drink list, I've dropped a star from my review.  Because I know the owners are on the edge of their seats, waiting for the torrent of backlash from my 3-4 readers.  Maybe 5 on a good day.  Maybe I'll return for takeout, but won't eat in until they've reconsidered beer pricing.I'm usually a fan, but the service was so poor yesterday and the food disappointing! First off, the waiter was rude to my friend who got us seats. After we ordered, my ribs took 40 minutes to arrive and even the waiter was confused by this delay. Then the rice was forgotten, I was given a smaller portion than I should have received, and it was dryyy and not even that warm. The Crispy Short Ribs (from the Chinese New Year menu) were really difficult to eat because they cut them in big chunks and deep fried them, but every piece had a big piece of bone and/or cartilage. Not fun to eat! I'm not joking when I say that my teeth and jaw were sore when I was only halfway through the dish. The waiter wasn't particularly polite throughout and i ended up just packing up the rest since I was too tired to keep trying with the ribs. It was embarrassing at times to be wrestling through them since they weren't cut well either. 
Overall, a disappointing experience for an inflated price! Definitely sticking to Chinatown next time, where the food is great, service is quick, the prices are moderate, and the portions generous. And where they know how to cut and cook ribs!A coworker and I stumbled upon this place by accident on a really cold afternoon in search for spicy asian and we knew dandan would be a good bet. 
When we arrived, the receptionist was super friendly and let us choose our seats. The bar was sleek and modern giving it a different vibe than I anticipated. 
I wanted to eat something lighter so I ordered the Chinese broccoli for my meal and he dandan noodles (without pork) to share. Everything was so well seasoned and nothing was too heavy or too light. They also made the dandan noodles extra spicy for us so that was a major plus. 
The serving size of the dan dan was enough to share for two people and I took a portion of the Chinese broccoli home so you definitely will not be leaving hungry. I will say that they drowned the broccoli and dandan in sauce. Just a LITTLE less would have made everything less sloppy. Nonetheless I will return with an empty belly and a full heartIt's very similar with Han dynasty but offer authentic Sichuan and Taiwan dishes that Han dynasty doesn't. The $1.75 minced pork over rice is a must-have, and for people who wants to go authentically authentic Sichuan, try the spicy and sour glass noodles - it's legit.If I could give this place a 10, I would!
The food is seriously amazing.  Make sure you order the dumplings and dan dan noodles for appetizers.  If you are vegetarian they have many options for tofu with the same dishes they can serve with chicken.  If you do not like spice then this may be an issue but for our whole party of 10 everyone had nothing bad to say about this place.  We ordered the green peppercorn tofu, dry pot with tofu and chicken, Chinese broccoli in soy and ginger sauce, and 2 more chicken dishes (can't remember).
Service could be better since we had to ask for napkins multiple times and our waiter was a little slow to get to us when we arrived even though we had reservations.  
Overall,  this place is a must go when you are in Philly!Great place to eat and refuel after a long morning of shopping. After breaking the bank shopping - these cheap lunch hour prices were right up my alley.
What we ordered:
- Vegetarian String Beans - So very very good. Probably best thing we had.
- Dan Dan Noodles - Ordered this mild/medium and the spice level was just right. It's a little too heavy and peanut-y for me. The portion is a good size and after the first serving - I was satisfied.
- Fish Cumin Dish - Ordered this mild/medium as well and the spice level was just right. It was a tad bit salty - so found myself scarfing down lots of white rice (nothing wrong with that though). The flavors are tasty and after the dish was done, I found myself picking and eating all the peppers and onions in the dish.
Service is good - really friendly staff. I also like the ambiance and the decor is great - I love the floor to ceiling windows. Request to sit upstairs!Seriously this place is amazing!!  The dan dan noodles are soooo good. I am not a big Chinese fan and so I was really hesitant to go but my sister suggested the Dan Dan noodles and I was not disappointed, they were amazing. I could literally eat the gravy part of it as soup. Cannot wait to go back and try some more items off the menu. The only down side was that we were a party of 5 and we're seated at a round table for 7. Also, the drink I got was wayyyy too strong. I know that it's typically the other way around and the drinks are weak, but They definitely do not have this problem. Come prepared with a big appetite, the portions are huge!Hands down. Best happy hour in the city. Best. Pretty good glasses of house wine for $5. Also for $5, Tito's Vodka mixed drinks, Beefeater Gin, Jack Daniels, etc. But, what really makes this the best happy hour in the city is the $5 DanDan noodles! Just delicious and only slightly smaller than the regular size. Best noodles you will ever have. 
Vegan options delight here! I love the dry pot tofu,  ginger sour string beans, garlic sauce pressed tofu, cumin tofu, bok choy, and I could go on!! No vegan dish has ever disappointed me. Tip: The bartenders and servers are well trained and always ask; but, still remember to order the DanDan w/out pork if you're veg! Bartenders are super nice and remember the regulars. Cat rocks; always love chatting when I visit solo.It's not that I disliked this place it just kind of left me with that meh feeling. The positives: The wait staff is great, very friendly, very helpful. more than willing to give suggestions which I like especially when I'm dining somewhere for the first time. The wine, beer and cocktail selection is very good. Not over the top with selections. Has something for everyone. But for me the positives kind of stop there. The negatives: the restaurant is small which is understandable for the baing smack dab in the middle of the city but I feel like when you have a small space like that you need to work it so that it keeps the noise level to a minimum. It's not that there was loud music blaring or anything but it seemed so loud just from the other diners having conversations that I was actually having a hard time hearing the waitress and had to ask her to repeat herself a couple times. For me when I go out to eat it's to enjoy a meal with friends and talk and catch up with each other. I don't like having to almost yell to do that. The restaurant is two levels. On the first level is a very large U-shaped bar. The nice thing is, the they made the bar top wide enough for dining but at the same time the bar takes up almost the entire downstairs floor which leaves very little room for people to wait for their table if need be. The second floor is more of a loft than an entire floor. So the space is very small which means the tables are small and it's kind of difficult to get in and out. I didn't count the amount of tables but they're couldn't have been more then 10. When we were ready to order the waitress did tell us that they bring the food out as it's ready and don't keep anything in the kitchen waiting under a heat lamp which is a good thing in theory but in practice not so much. Don't get me wrong I'm big on food being fresh but the problem here is the food comes out very fast(I don't think that we waited even 10mins between apps and entrees) and as I stated the tables(especially the ones for 2) are very small so we spent a good amount of time trying to fit everything on the table.This also made things feel very rushed. It seemed like there was always a member of the wait staff bringing dishes or taking dishes away. I understand that the place is small so you're going to try to turn over the tables fairly quickly to accomodate as many diners as you can but from walking in to leaving I don't think that we were even there longer than 45mins. I don't know about anyone else but I would at least like a little bit of time to enjoy my meal. For the most part the food is delicious. Fresh, flavorful. We started with the Dan Dan noodles. Now they seemed like they were delicious but they were so spicy that all I could taste was the heat. This may be a personal choice. I don't like my food to be so spicy to the point that that's all I can taste. If you're gonna make a flavorful dish you want people to be able to appreciate it not alternate fork bites and gulps of water the entire time they're eating. On the other side, the Taiwanese noodles were very bland. Again this may be a personal choice but a dish like this that resembles Pho or Ramen the broth is about 75% of what you look forward to. The green beans, wontons in chili oil and Taiwanese fried chicken dish were all very good. All in all I'm glad that we checked this place out but I don't think that I would go again.Food was good (very similar to Han Dynasty), but the portions are very small. Definitely smaller than Han Dynasty.
Seats are very narrow. Difficult to get in and out.
TERRIBLE SERVICE. The waitress of our table was halfhearted, not responsive at all. We waited and looked for her for at least 10 minutes before we could get her (with the help of another waitress) to take our order. She didn't serve our tea until another waitress noticed there was no tea on our table - that was way too late, we had already got most of our food on the table at that time! Ridiculously, we then got 2 pots of tea and 1 pot of hot water, which no one asked for... Since we are a group of 6, an 18% tip was automatically added. The terrible service deserved 1% tip at most.If you want to get lunch drunk please come at 3pm on a Saturday and order the Old Fashion. Christ I like liquor and I'm nooooooo light weight but that cocktail was so strong I barely finished ( for 12 bucks I gave it the old college try). 
Just a tip. Half the liquor, it forces the drinker to order another. 12 vs. making 24 dollars. 
Food! The appetizers were pretty darn good. Spring rolls, dumplings and scallion pancake all crispy, light and yummy. 
Entrees....we went for staples, Bok Choy and Chicken Lo Mein. Oddly the Choy was super oily but after mixing it rice and leaving it in the fridge 36 hours it was really nice for lunch. I guess the rice absorbed the oil. 
Service....could of been tighter. My chopsticks were dirty, oily with food on them. They forgot my rice, the tables next to us got their entree before their appetizers. Some lame excuse was provided about it taking longer because they ordered something fried! 
$$$$ 72 dollars plus tip later I may return maybe for Happy Hour!So after going through the typical evening routine: 
"where do you want to go for dinner?" 
"I don't know..."
We decided we would try Dan Dan. I had recently been introduced to Dan Dan noodles (why has it taken so long for me to stumble across these noodles sent from heaven??) and as spicy food hound I am, I jumped at the chance for a little spice. 
Naturally, by the time we decided on where we were going to eat it was later in the evening. It was a Friday night and we arrived to Dan Dan probably around 8:45? The place was still pretty crowded with lots of people picking up food and moving about. 
This is why it is 4 stars instead of 5. When we arrived the hostess wouldn't make eye contact with us for at least 5 minutes of us waiting there. It was odd. Instead of asking if we could wait a minute she just ignored us as she handled other costumers. She was really friendly once she wrapped up with the other patrons, but it was a weird 5 minutes. Also, the waiting space is tiiiiny. You are basically pushed up against a wall because people still have to get by and there are bar stools in the aisle. I'm docking the star for basically this reason alone. Maybe I'm just awkward and I felt awkward waiting in that space when I was very obviously in the way...?
Other than that the experience was GREAT! We were seated upstairs which was cozy and intimate. Our server was extremely nice and helpful. She even told us tricks about reheating noodles and leftovers (ya right.. like we had leftovers.. HA!). She was very attentive though and refilled our rice and drinks without skipping a beat.
We started with the Dan Dan noodles (of course!) and they were perfect. They mix them up fresh at the table. As they mix you can smell the wafting spice and peanuts. I would say that bowl could probably be split with one or two other people. It is a pretty decent size portion! I also don't think it is too spicy but has just enough kick to taste it. However, I have an impervious pallet for spice so I might be a bad judge? 
For my main meal I tried the Sichuan Farmer's Dry Pot Lamb. HOLY MOLY. Friends-- this is delicious! It is spicy and lamb-y all at once and it is the perfect combination. I think Dan Dan really nailed the flavor combination here. I could not stop eating it even well after I was full. It was a really fantastic dry pot. I would order again.. and again..Our lunch at Dan Dan was fantastic!  The unique food and atmosphere make it a must visit for anyone wanting excellent Asian cooking. Owners Cat and Kevin were so welcoming and we just couldn't stop eating.  You must try the Dan Dan noodles!This was a fancy and kind of pricey Taiwan/Asian fusion joint  in Rittenhouse. The fact that they had a Taiwanese menu was what pulled me in. 
I sat at the bar and ordered a few of the smaller dishes for myself. I started with the Scallion Pancakes, Taiwanese Hamburger, and some Taiwanese minced pork rice.
The food was really good. The reason for the stars was the cost for so little. Value wise, meh....
The scallion pancakes for $3.75 were okay, but I don't think they were really anything special.
The taiwanese hamburger was 4.75 i think and it wasn't really that filling. Don't get me wrong, the meat was delicious and it had a great flavor, but again the price...
The best value may have been the small bowl of minced pork rice, which was actually chunks of pork cut up and thrown on the rice, so that was better than just minced/ground pork. The flavor was good, but could've used a bit more sauce to let it soak into the rice.Delicious dry pepper fish and cumin tofu. Cabbage could be better since it was too oily. Cucumbers were okay, they were more sweet than spicy.Three girls sat down next to a guy (me) at the bar.
One had the laugh of a jackal being waterboarded. The other shouted for high fives all around, sporting a clownish smile. The final girl impishly peeped "I feel like I'm at spring break again!" And the jackal laughed once more.
Inwardly, I groaned. With my wonderful food just arrived at the bar, the idea of being subjected to  their ceaseless, mindless chatter was less than tasteful. I looked around wildly, searching for another seat, another option, ANYTHING to save me from this.
And then they ordered the Dan Dan noodles. As the food arrived, I waited for the first bite. Not wanting to spook them, I hardly moved for fear they might get distracted like the T-Rex from Jurassic Park. Another bite...another. 
And then it began.
The sweat started to roll down each of their faces. The endless jabber stopped. One groaned in pain as the spice began to assault her senses. I peeked over. Snot was rolling down her face.
As a person who would be described as a bit of a curmudgeon, watching this kind of spicy pain work its magic made me gleeful. My beautiful little fried bunyapi mushrooms in a duck yolk batter suddenly tasted even brighter as their salt jumped off my tongue. The crisp fluff of my scallion pancakes was even more of a joy. The sweet and sour sauce of my home fried flounder was positively astounding.
And I could enjoy it all in silence! Silence! 
And there they sit, tortured by the spice of the almighty Dan Dan. I bow before you, powerful noodle, and thank you for your services.
(Abridged version: spice is not for the faint of the heart here. Food is amazing. Go here. Eat it.)Love the food! The fish here is delicious!!!!! The place is small n cute!!! I recommend this place!!!Love Dan Dan and their signature Dan Dan noodles! My Taiwanese coworker said this chef is legit, and the prices are so reasonable. I figured the Dan Dan noodles would be a tiny appetizer sized portion at $8, but it was huge! I ordered way too much. I also got the scallion pancakes, which were so thin and crispy, some of the best I've ever had. I love this place and super pumped it's so close to my work hotel!One of the worst dining experiences ever... 
First, the food... We sat at the end of the bar, next to the service area and ordered with the miserable bartender (more on that later).  2 minutes later, the Dan Dan Noodles and Fried Rice with Taiwanese Sausage arrived.  The fried rice was basically flavorless and one of the worst fried rice dishes we have ever eaten.   It was a mushy mess with scant pieces of sausage.  After serving us the noodles and fried rice, it took 15 minutes for the entrees to come.  So you're basically done with the noodles and rice and waiting for the entrees.   The Ginger and Scallion Fish and Taiwanese Beef Stew finally came.  The runner brought the food and dropped it to the side of me.  The beef stew was served in a small pot that was heated with a burning flame.  The runner didn't even make any attempts to move the dish to the center of us, just dropped it to the side.  
The fish was covered in a sauce that was ultra thick of cornstarch and just plain bland.  So disappointing.  The beef stew was tender but also lacked flavor... No aromatics or any depth to the dish.  Overall, we feel completely ripped off.  Dan Dan is trying so hard to be this trendy place that they forgot about the food.  
Now to the service... The 2 hostesses were pleasant and always kept a smile.  The rest of the waitstaff were inexperienced and frazzled.  The highlight was the bartender.  He was obviously overwhelmed and not happy to be there.  I heard him say "F*ck" 3 times when a ticket came in.  
He was having a hard time handling the orders so a female server came to help him catch up with drink orders.  She was more pleasant but not a good bartender.  Both of them were so sloppy and disorganized.  The female spilled wine while pouring into the glass carafe.  She did an uneven pour so she poured the drink from one glass into the other glass to even it out, spilling more on the bar.  She also spilled gin all over the floor because she missed the shaker while pouring!  If you're going to have an open bar where your guests can see and hear everything, please train your staff to act professionally and at least pretend they care.  The male bartender never asked us or any of the other guests at the bar how we are doing, he was too preoccupied with his own misery.  Guess our experience is not that important.  Hey, it's not our fault he is having a bad night.   
When we asked for the check and for the beef stew to be wrapped up, he turned his back so we thought he didn't catch the 2nd part of the sentence.  So we said again, can you please wrap up the beef? Without looking at us,  he scoffed, I heard you.   Wow, sorry we asked! How dare us?!? 
No thanks, Dan Dan.   You can save that nastiness for someone else.I was hoping to dine at Han Dynasty when a local friend recommended visiting Dan Dan. Ofcourse the place had great reviews so we decided to give it a try.
The interiors are quite modern and like able. The food tastes good but is extremely oily, be well aware of that. Portion sizes are quite big- some of the entrees can be shared between 4! The staff is quite friendly and genuine at recommending the portion size. Overall I'd give dan dan a 3 star.DanDan noodles
Spicy cucumbers
Garlic bok choy
Fermented black bean dish
Twice cooked dish
Dumplings in chili oil
The eggplant dish
Chicken or shrimp in garlic sauce
Service, ambiance, etc.
All 5/5.
Place is great. No reason to ever go back to Han Dynasty (no offense to HD).Dan Dan is Fun Fun place to eat! Especially if you like spicy Szechuan food or like to try some authentic Taiwanese dish. Located at the heart of Rittenhouse Square, delicious food, excellent service. The Dan Dan Noodle & the Duck Yolk Battered Fried Mushroom dishes are a must to try. But if you like a bit more zing & kick to your dish, then you must try the Dice Chicken w/Hot Dry or perhaps one of the cumin flavor dishe & a hot dry pot dishe. The owners, Kevin & Caterina are always there to welcome customers and to make sure you have a wonderful dining experience!Great spot for a long lunch or dinner. We went for lunch and the restaurant got crowded very quickly - a line out the door at some points - and service was slow due to the big lunch rush. The food was excellent and generously priced for a lunch deal. There's more seating here than meets the eye when you first walk in, so be sure to check with the hostess to see how long the wait can be, if any.Dan Dan was a very good experience . Service and food -excellent.
In appetizers cold cucumber is must order.
For Dinner entrees  we had Dan Dan noodles, double cooked chicken, spicy hot red pepper fish and scallion fried rice - all of them tasted good.
Bar is  well stocked. Noise level is high in dining area on upper level.I have ate here couple times. Food is okay. I liked the cumin lamb but everything else is an average, especially the beef noodle soup.
The service is the reason why i gave it three stars only. No one was filling waters for us and the waitress is helpless in recommending dishes. Not mention my horrible experiences with calling them for take out. They showed no patience and are very rude in responding questions and request!This place is truly a hidden gem. 3 cup chicken and pumpkin rice noodles with shredded pork were really delicious. They have quite an extensive menu do there is something for everyone. We have 2 finicky kids and they loved every bite. The staff was very accommodating and we felt right at home during a busy weekend. Perhaps the best won tons I've ever tasted and friendly service makes this place a must visit.This one tops my list! My family stopped by this newly opened restaurant after doing some window shopping; and we were truly amazed by the excellent food there.
I'm a Taiwanese who loves Szechuan cuisine - this place have it all! I highly recommend the golden mushroom dish and their Dan Dan noodles. I've been to many Szechuan restaurants and I really like the new creative dishes they came up with. Definitely a 5-star for me.
I went back for a 2nd time and I still give it a 5 star!Came here for dinner one night with hubby. Called ahead and they were able to squeeze us in during a busy night. Because they had a reservation booked for our table, we had about 45mins to be in and out. We were very impressed by their fast service. We were in and out within 45 mins but did not feel rushed. Super fast service. Food was excellent. We have been looking for a place that beats Hans Dynasty in Manayunk, and while my husband may disagree, this beats it for me - except Dan Dan noodles is still better at Hans. Definitely recommend it and really can't go wrong with anything you order here.Dry Pot Chicken & Dan Dan Noodles are to die for.
They make the absolute best dan dan noodles!!! But beware - these things are super spicy so prepare yourself accordingly :) You can of course ask them to take the spice level down a notch and they are more than accommodating.
Also, as a tip - the food is served here very quickly, so if you're looking for a place to have a quick yet quality Chinese dinner (technically Sichuan), this is your place.  
(For anyone who likes Han Dynasty I would urge you to check this place out.)Sooooo good! It's so hard to find good fresh, flavorful Asian food in the burbs! I had the Ginger Scallion dish with chicken over a bed of bok choy. Cooked just right - not mushy, no thick sauce just simple ginger, and tender thin-slices chicken breast. I'll take the train into the city just to have a good dinner at Dan Dan.Had a very pleasant dining experience here the other night. Really enjoyed the spicy cucumbers, eggplant with garlic sauce, and chicken with long hot peppers, but the real star is the eponymous dan dan noodles, which are absolutely incredible and I could not get enough. I like the family-style dishes, which makes sharing easy, and the drinks were tasty. The food is extremely similar to Han Dynasty, obviously, but that is not a bad thing unless you are looking for something new.Ambience 
It's chic and tastefully decorated, could be a cool place if you want to impress people! That's what I'm giving two stars for.
Food
I had Dan Dan noodle and bok choy with garlic.
Bok Choy with garlic was too greasy and too expensive. It's $7.95 and served in a fairly small plate. If you're charged $7.95 for a plate of bok choy you'd expect something special not a dish you can have in China town for half the price in bigger portion and not so greasy!
Dan Dan noodle was too greasy too, I added photos to show how greasy both dishes were. The noodles were cooked too much and sticked together. It was nicely spicy though.
Service
Although I was there around 2:30 pm and one of the few people in the restaurant, the service was slow. I had to look for the waiter to order my second dish and to ask for the check. And the waiter served my Dan Dan noodle to the lady at the next table and moved it to my table when the lady said it was not her order.
As a summery I don't think that I would eat there again.Had heard many complements from friends about this place so we invited a group of friend. However, servicer didn't mention they can adjust spicy level. Also, the Taiwanese dishes were all disappointing. What we ordered are 
SCALLION PANCAKES (for price we paid, it is acceptable)
WONTONS IN CHILI OIL(not spicy at all)
DAN DAN NOODLES (not the best one I had)
COLD SESAME NOODLES(not that impressive) 
TAINAN STICKY RICE(nothing like traditional Taiwanese sticky rice) 
FIERY RIBEYE BREW POT(bland)
SPICY BASIL CLAMS (too sweet)
SCALLION DISH PORK( too salty)
GOLDEN DISH Bunapi Mushrooms(this one turned out good)
Overall, for the price we paid, we can get better quality of food in Chinatown nearby so we won't go back again.First time there. Sat in the bar area, a little crowded but surprisingly low noise level. Waitress/barmaid was very attentive and friendly. Warning- everything is very spicy, even the items we asked to be mild, but not ridiculously so.
The dumplings in hot (spicy) oil were a little thin on the filing, but honestly as they were sitting in a pool of spicy oil, the oil was all you could taste. The Basil Clams were also very spicy, but the sweet basil paired perfectly with the tiny hot peppers, I'd go back just for the Clams.
Hot beef and noodles was amazing, tender beef, chewy noodles and a peppery broth with real bamboo shoots. The ginger and scallion chicken was perfect, sightly spicy ginger. The scallion pancakes were thin and crisp, with bright scallion flavor- not the gummy doughy pancakes you normally would find.
I'd go back- with a tub of ice cream under my arm in defense of all the spice.
One sour note- the homemade ginger ale with lime was all Roses Lime Juice, you couldn't taste any ginger, even though we asked her to add more ginger syrup. Just put a squeeze of fresh lime, it would been much better.I think I may have finally found my favorite dan dan noodles in the city!
Came here on Saturday night with my sister and boyfriend after an afternoon of shopping. I remembered reading about this place in a recent article about the best new restaurants in the city, so when we passed it by we decided to try it out.
The ambiance was modern, open and bright. It was pretty crowded but we managed to snag some bar seats and ordered a round of drinks. Drinks were decent, a tad on the sweet side but we still enjoyed them. We also put in an order of the Dan Dan noodles. 
I have to say, I don't handle spice all that well to begin with. Unfortunately for me, dan dan noodles tend to be on the spicy side and up until this point I haven't been able to find the perfect balance between spicy and sweet. Dan Dan definitely found that balance for me! They were not too spicy, perfectly cooked noodles and I was able to taste the peanut sauce without being overwhelmed with heat.
I will definitely be back to try the other menu items!Ambiance in this place is great. One of those hipster modern looking restaurants where you can bring a date. Plus they're open on Christmas Eve and Christmas Day.
The service is good and the food seemed more adjusted to a western palate. We had the Dan Dan Noodles and the Kung Pao Chicken. The Dan Dan Noodles were nuttier than what I'm used to and the Kung Pao Chicken was tastefully spicy. The Dan Dan Noodles were mixed up at our table when it arrived in front of us.
This place is more expensive than the Chinese restaurants that are cheap and more of a hole in the wall. Would I come back? I sure would.The Dan Dan noodles are a must, they are beyond tender and almost melt in your mouth! The spice level on the noodles were perfect, as long as you like things a tad bit spicier! The specialty lamb pot dish was cooked to perfection, I barely needed a knife to cut it. Super flavorful, paired with white rice along with the broth and veggies proved to be an amazing dish. I will definitely be coming back hereThis is the best Chinese food in town! We have been their customers for a long time! Must try dan-dan noodle; pork belly in chili oil !As far as Asian restaurants go, Dan Dan delivered on a few dishes, but the overwhelming number of par to subpar dishes made this establishment challenging to fully endorse. We decided to visit this establishment on a last minute notice and was surprised to find available seating just 10 minute before arrival, in contrast to the other reviews mentioning long wait time. The service was a little off, as I had to ask multiple times for tea before the staff acknowledged us and brought us the tea kettle. In terms of the speed, Dan Dan was top notch and the food came piping hot within a few minutes. To my great surprise, the dan dan noodle was really amazing with small morsels of pork and a complex blend of spices and aromatic oils, and I'd even be bold to state that it was better than the one's I had at Han Dynasty. As far as everything else, however, that was a bit more disappointing. The pork buns, please avoid, as the dough was cold, hard and tasteless and the meat was this chunk of...fatty protein that didn't have any flavors. The pork strips in garlic sauce was respectful, but what I was truly disappointed was the lamb hot pot dish, because even though the amount of meat was impressive, I couldn't actually taste the gaminess of the lamb, rendering the whole purpose of eating lamb disappointing.
Food: 3 stars
Price: 3 stars
Ambiance: 3 stars (does not feel like an Asian establishment, but more of a fusion vibe)
Service: 3 starsI absolutely love this restaurant - whenever I am in the Philly area I make an effort to stop by. Their Dan Dan noodles are amazing and the ambiance is superb for date night. The vegetables are also very tasty and the dishes are good examples of authentic Taiwanese food.Okay I still love this place but full disclosure I went for lunch. Lunch portions are a little weak. Still delish but i ended up eating my lunch and half of my friends.Easily one of the best new restaurants in the city. 
Dan Dan delivers a feast for the senses. This little gem just opened in Rittenhouse and is already an instant hit. It's intimate with two levels of seating with a bar on the bottom floor. The space is beautifully decorated in grey and orange, adding a clean, modern feel to a familiar cuisine. 
Now let's talk about what you really what to know about: the food. You may recognize some of dishes from Szechuan legend Han Dynasty. The food is equally excellent, though Dan Dan is a little lighter and a little less oily, which makes it perfect for summer, before a night out, or any time really. 
I've now had about 1/3 of the menu and EVERYTHING is amazing. My favorites are the dry pepper chicken with its fried, spicy ginger-garlic goodness; the dry pot style with a variety of chili oil-covered veggies served in a flaming pot; the dumpling in chili oil -- classic fantastic; and of course, the fish dishes which balance light, flaky fried fish with sweet sauces. You really can't go wrong. Many of the dishes are spicy but there are plenty of sweet or non-spicy options available to balance out the meal. 
The menu is extensive. The food is spectacular. The atmosphere is beautiful. The service is great. And the owners in particular are two of the most amazing people and always greet us with a warm smile and great recommendations for dinner. 
If you haven't been to Dan Dan yet, you should probably stop reading this review and get over there....like right now.Food was very tasty and many options for vegans. Three of us shared three dishes and all were great - dan dan noodles (without pork), Cumin crusted tofu, and Vegetarian Mapo Tofu. Although we didn't drink anything, the drink menu looked good as well. The restaurant was in a good location and the interior was very nice, but the service could use some work.We had dinner here for the first time and it wasn't the best experience. The space was cool, but the lighting made it feel like a cafeteria (too bright!). 
As far as the food, we had the buns and Dan Dan noodles which were good. We made the mistake of ordering the large pork Bowl which was greasy, over spiced and had fatty pork. When the waitress kindly offered to take it off the bill since we really didn't touch it, she said she had to check with the manager. She came back and the manger had taken $3.94 off the bill (the bowl was $24). Are you kidding me?!
We eat out all the time and as a new restaurant I'd think you would want the feedback of diners and to try and make them happy. I ended up asking for the owner to take it off the bill and they did.
We won't be back with mismanagement like that.Similar vibe to Han Dynasty yet distinctly different. I like the bi level with the bar in the middle. Dan Dan noodles are obviously good along with staples like Double Cooked Pork and Long Hot Peppers with beef, but also try the Pork Belly Burger and the Taiwanese sausage. For something a bit different, try the Sichuan fried rice.Went to Dan Dan Friday night for a friend's birthday dinner.  Besides waiting an hour for a table (they quoted us 20 mins), all the staff were very friendly and accommodating. The food came out SUPER fast, I'm taking speedy Gonzales.  
We started with Dan Dan noodles (best dish of the night), dumplings, and chive pancakes.  The noodles were amazing, although very spicy I couldn't finish them.  The dumplings were great also, but too spicy for me again. My friend loved the dumpling sauce so much, he kept it as a topping for all other dishes of the night.  All the appetizers were delivered before some of our bar drinks arrived! Bravo chef! Shame on you, bartender LOL!  Lastly, we all ordered the buns, which they call burger buns, delicious pork belly with mango sauce and slow cooked in wine. These were damn good!  
For dinner, we ordered the ginger Duck, and chicken bok choy entree with light ginger sauce. Even though the dishes sounded similar, the waiter assured us they were very different, so we'd  be fine ordering both. He was right!  The duck was good, but the chicken bok Choy was amazing. So tender and fabulous sauces. Also delivered in record timing. 
The service was top notch. The server was great, and helpful with the menu. The manager checked on us multiple times. The food was so fast, and they even cleared our plates and silverware from one course to the next.  Great little addition to 16th street!The food is amazing, the decor is so modern and the service is fantastic. We went the first week they were open and the owner was on top of everything and so friendly.  We've been back several times and have eaten upstairs and have dined at the bar a few times. Its become a go-to place for us. The staff knows the menu and made fantastic suggestions and we love that we can make things more or less spicy. The cocktails are amazing - we love coming here whether it be for lunch, dinner or even just cocktails and a small bite.Really really enjoy this place every time I go. Love their tap menu. Really enjoyed that spicy Lo mein. Good food good prices. Can not go wrongLoved it. I went with 3 friends and we sampled a large portion of their offerings. The right way to do it here. Nice atmosphere. Every bit as good as Han dynasty.We managed to get seats at the bar without having to wait, but it's a popular spot. Tried the Dan Dan noodles, if you're gonna name your restaurant after a dish you ought to be great at it. Fortunately they are. And the tofu hot long peppers dish which I'd recommend too. Everything we had was at least 'good'. Even the beer.This place was incredible. Went for a mother day dinner and boy what a treat. With nearly 15 people in our party we go to sample nearly everything on the menu. Their name sake Dan Dan Noodles were phenomenal and the best I've ever had. They were able to mild it down for one of the orders which really showed the depth of flavor beyond the hot spice. I ordered the Dry Pepper Chicken and my wife got the Cumin Chicken. Both were amazing. Dumplings in Chili Oil were more basic but still good. My mother got the Lychee Fish which was yummy! But perhaps the biggest surprise was the Taiwanese Sausage which was incredible. The servers were great as our party was taken care of by the waitstaff and the girl behind the bar. Food was brought out as it was ready which was nice as everything came out the kitchen pipping hot and fresh and kept us drooling in anticipation on whose dish would be served next. Cannot wait to go back.So my husband ordered the garlic sauce entree and it was delicious, and I ordered the dry pot and it was not. It stated on the menu a bunch of veggies and then you picked the protein (I picked tofu), but it was all tofu and very little veggie. The tofu was overwhelming while the dish  was underwhelming, very greasy, and left me feeling queasy. So had I ordered my husbands dish, probably 4 stars but only 1 for my experience.If you come for nothing other than the Dan Dan noodles, do it. They are amazing. I didn't know quite what to expect but they exceeded any expectations I had. They had a high level of spice, but it was not overwhelming. The flavor was perfect, and it had little bits of ground pork crumbled on top. I could have just eaten them and been completely content. Lucky for me, we also ordered scallion pancakes. Definitely the best I've ever had. They were not oily like some scallion pancakes are from other restaurants. They had a nice crispy outer layer, the portion size was large, and the dipping sauce was wonderful. We also ordered the garlic chicken dish. It was good, just not as good as the other two things. I wish the chicken came with a side of rice to eat along side it for a textural component. 
We sat at the bar, which is full service, and the staff was friendly. I can't wait to come back for more!The food is fantastic but extremely spicy. This was not a problem for someone like me who enjoys the heat but don't come here and expect a mild option. There isn't a bad option but get the DanDan noodles on the side regardless.I was surprised by this place in CC. I would argue that taste wise, this place is better than Han Dynasty. The authenticity of the dishes are excellent.
The spice of their spiciest dish was a very pleasant numb for me. If you like spicy food I highly recommend trying their beef and tripe starter. IMO that is one of their best dishes. I have eaten a lot of this traditional Chinese dish called "fuqi fei pian".
Their Dan Dan noodles tasted very authentic as well. Traditionally Dan Dan noodles are a poor mans food but they have made it into a classy dish.
I don't really like the plates they gave us for the food because I felt like it was too small but it is very classy.Love their Dan Dan noodles, mapo tofu and ginger scallion fish! Everything is delicious here every time we order postmates.This restaurant has potential to make it authentic and fresh, but instead they make Chinese food too sweet, into 'American' food. The zhia jian mein had too much brown sugar in the bean sauce, and also too heavy handed with the sauce. The same goes for Three cup chicken which was missing the cooking wine, and ginger flavor. The only redeeming dish was garlic cucumbers, but some of the cucumbers were on the dry side, meaning they were old cucumbers. 
Skip it if you are Taiwanese, you surely would be disappointed.1st impressions are important and Dan Dan made a great one! Will be putting this place on our regular circuit.  
...Writing this again because not sure 1st one was at the right spot...
All in all had a great meal with our family.  Shared cumin tofu, a dry pot, and dumplings in chili oil...these were cooked to perfection...and of course some Dan Dan noodles.  Also added the sides of egg plant and spicy cucumbers.  I wish I got a dry pot just for myself because it was too good to share.
Appreciated a few of the "small things" too as the servers were very friendly and took the time to bring extra plates as we ate family style.
P.S. My daughter said she could "eat those cucumbers for breakfast, lunch and dinner every day of for the rest of my life." ...I have to admit they were pretty damn good.Came in during mid day and the atmosphere was very quiet. Bartender was prompt in taking our order. My pumpkin seafood tofu soup was filling but lacking more seasoning and flavor. My wife's lo mein was par for the course. May come back for dinnerWas visiting Philly and decided try something new and was not disappointed. This place is absolutely amazing! Decided to go with the Dan Dan noodles (it is the name of the restaurant after all), the noodles were chewy, spicy, and could not stop eating them. The 3 cup chicken was also very good and helped with the spiciness of the Dan Dan noodles. Huge portions!Food here was pretty good. We ordered dandan noodles, spicy and sour noodles and kung bao chicken. The Dan Dan noodles were not that spicy compared with the Dan Dan noodles in Sichuan, but it was very delicious. Service is ok.Amazing! Way better than Jane G's and even better than Han Dynasty! Must try the dan dan noodles - they're great!Been here twice so far and have to say both times I really enjoyed what I had! It's tiny inside so try to make a reservation or you can also sit at the bar. The one complaint I have about the bar is the stools... they were super heavy and uncomfortable. Also kinda low. I needed a pad or something. Being short really didn't help the situation but I made it work still. The service both times was great and the prices of food are also great. It kinda reminds me of Sampan but a lot less expensive which is great and the quality of food is just as good. (Just wish they had those edamame dumplings! Haha)
The drinks are good too. They make their own ginger syrup so you can get ginger-ale or a mule. I also like how they give you complimentary hot green tea, which was a nice surprise on the brisk day I was there. Everything I got there both times was definitely high on the spice level so if you are sensitive to at make sure you ask for it to be either less spicy or get something else! I love spicy food. The Dan Dan noodles are awesome and so are the pork wontons in the chili oil which are my favorite! Definitely try it out if you are around the area. It won't disappoint.This place was alright
I like my dan dan spicy*
And this missed the mark
*like burn-your-sinuses-spicyIf you're a fan of Han Dynasty, you'll like Dan Dan. Similar style food (spicy!).
WOW...I'm telling you their Szechuan style fried rice (with bacon) is absolutely AMAZING. It was not the typical fried rice and I don't think I'll be able to find that anywhere else. The moment my friends and I had a bite, we all went "WOW." It was spicy but definitely not overwhelming. You can taste the small bits of bacon throughout the fried rice as well. I would honestly come back just for that fried rice. 
The dan dan noodles was good as well; what you expect dan dan noodles to be like. I was actually worried at first because the noodles looked a little lighter in color and there was a lot of soup at the bottom. But the taste still was great.
The chicken dry pepper dish was full of flavor. You couldn't really taste the chicken inside, more breading than meat, but still enjoyed it. 
Overall, Dan Dan offers great food, ambiance and customer service! I will definitely be coming back.Awesome! Very classy and modern place. We were skeptical of the Dan Dan noodles because of the price however we got them because EVERYONE recommends them..thank goodness we got them, they were amazing!! And it's a meal-portion! So you could get it without any other entree and you'd be full. I also got the Five Point Tofu.. I regret it so much. It was awful. Zero, I mean ABSOLUTELY ZERO flavor. Water has more flavor than his dish. It was the mushiest tofu in some yellow-pumpkin sauce. I took it home and added salt and spices to make it actually edible.I was in Philadelphia for business and looking for a great place for a solo meal. I walked by Dan Dan and was tempted by the menu, which features Sichuan and Taiwanese cuisine. I sat at the bar and was quickly welcomed by the bartender. I had a great meal at the bar.
The service was great; the bartender was social without being annoying and, impressively, really knew the menu, not just the drinks (though he did know his beers and made a great recommendation).
Of course, you have to like Asian food to like this place, but if you do, as I do, I think you'll enjoy it. The menu had a really nice mix of some familiar things (like scallion pancakes) and some newer flavors. I ordered noodles with pumpkin and pork, and they were very good. I also *highly* recommend the spicy crispy cucumbers; the sauce they came in was incredible (I even dipped my noodles in it) and the coolness of the cucumbers was a nice mix with my noodles.
Fun, affordable meal and an easy place to enjoy while dining solo. Will definitely return! Reasonably priced, too.Growing up in Taiwan, I haven't had food that reminded me of home in a while. Dan Dan was a close reminder of home. 
We ordered a Taiwanese pork bun, dan dan noodles, and spicy tofu and fish. All the dishes had great flavor and texture. First, the pork bun had sweet and juicy pork covered in cilantro, crushed peanuts and pickled greens. The noodles tasted great and not over cooked and mushy. Lastly, the tofu and fish was spicy and savory. We were able to request the dish to be not as spicy which was a nice touch. Of all the food we ordered, I just wish the pork buns were softer as they were a bit stale. 
There is usually a long wait for tables but because there was two of us, we were able to be seated quickly. The service is fast and prompt. Definitely plan on coming back to try other dishes.Good vegetarian options, I tried the Mapo Tofu, it was amazing!  Chilled cucumber app, and savory pancakes (that I cannot remember the name of) were fantastic.  The server was also the bartender and recommended a refreshing cocktail that was yummy.  I would definitely go back when I'm in town next.Me and my husband went for dinner and we ordered spicy cucumbers which was really good. Must try their green peppercorn hot sauce dish(quantity was huge).I loved it but I found seating arrangement little uncomfortable.. glass noodles was great.. House made ginger ale was amazing.. I'll be back.Great food, cucumbers almost better than Han. Dry pepper chicken was really great, probably better than Han. 
2 complaints. The plates are terrible for rice and chopsticks. They're oval with a relatively big curve at the edge which makes it nearly impossible to scoop sauce drenched rice. Dry clumps of rice are easy but I had to literally hold the plate and tilt it the whole time I was eating.
Secondly and a serious pet peeve of mine, is packing the rest of my food to go. I'm fine if they do it but I watched as the bartender scooped the remainder of my dry fry chicken into a to go container in a rushed manner and at least 2 pieces of chicken didn't make it into my box. Well why the F not? Really very annoying.
Anyway, GREAT food and lovely atmosphere. I'll be back but will ask to pack my own leftovers and hope they get more drenched rice friendly plates!Exciting spot in the city. Dan Dan noodles is a must try but a bit on the firey side!!Loved this place. It is a small but nicely designed space, a main bar downstairs leaves room for only a few tables, but there is seating upstairs as well. Needless to say, reservations would be recommended. We were greeted with very pleasant and attentive service, and received a good explanation of the menu and the spice rating scale. Entrees are served family style and some orders are large enough to serve 2 to 3 people, which works well if everyone wants to share, but I can understand the downside to this as well. My entree, the Green Peppercorn Hot Sauce Dish, was delicious. Now, this does have a 4 star spiciness rating and I can definitely handle the spice, but it really may have been pushing the limit. I find its important not to overdo the heat, because it numbs your tongue and you can't enjoy the food as much. I also enjoyed a side of the Dan Dan Noodles, again also pretty spicy, and the side of chili oil was very hot. Only a small amount is necessary. I highly recommend this place, if your looking to give your taste buds a wild ride, just try not to push it, or order a mild dish because there were plenty of those available. I would definitely come back!Came here with some friends when visiting Philly and had a really nice meal. Nothing was so spectacular that I am still mouther-watering today, but it was all really delicious and comforting. The waiter, who was incredibly friendly and helpful, elevates this to 4 stars. The decor was a bit generic, but fine. I wasn't thrilled that we were seated at a table near that bathrooms and kitchen, that was awkwardly too big for our party size. Wouldn't run to come back here, but I enjoyed it.The food was unbelievable, old fashion was amazing, and service was even better! Highly recommend everyone to try this restaurant. Will return many, many times while here. I'm upset I can't give 10 stars, because they deserve it!The look of Dan Dan is super trendy with an atmosphere perfect for a date! The space inside is pretty small, so it's best for smaller groups (~2-4). The service was awesome - the server was really helpful in giving recommendations. I came for happy hour with a friend and we ordered the dan dan noodles and the pickled cucumber. It was the perfect portion and tasted great. The dan dan noodles here are different than others I've tasted before as the sauce is nuttier and thicker. But, in it's own way, I really liked this version! The pickled cucumber was fresh, crunchy and flavorful - must get!!Dan Dan is good but you can tell the food is a bit americanized too. I've been here a couple times in the past. The service is great and food comes out pretty quick. Depending on the day and night you come there may be a long wait to be seated. 
If you like spicy you should try their spicy dishes. Most of their spicy dishes are very spicy that it still lingers in your mouth/tongue!YUMMY YUMMY YUMMY! This place stays PACKED. The twice cooked dishes are fabulous and the green beans. One down side, this dish only comes with white rice, brown or fried rice are extra. If going during linch make a reservations or order out. The space is pretty tight.Honestly, the cramped layout of the restaurant makes it difficult to enjoy. 90 percent of the first floor is occupied by a massive square bar. All of the seating on the first floor is by the front door, and the hostess stand is towards the back of the room (huh?). There is absolutely no waiting space, and only room for one person across to move or stand between the bar and the hostess stand. So while you're waiting to speak with the hostess on a busy night, servers are constantly asking you to move aside so they can access the front tables. But there is no room to move without backing up the line of people waiting behind you! I got up close and personal with no less than five servers in my under 3 minute wait to speak with the hostess. 
You are "welcome" to hang out at the bar while you wait for your table, but there is absolutely no room to do so. The bar seats are reserved for diners, and there is literally no room to stand with a drink. Every single space downstairs not occupied by bar or table is filled with server foot traffic. 
With only two of us, we were easily seated upstairs. But I watched a group of six with a reservation get squeezed into a table for four with three chairs squeezed in each side. 
Food was good enough. A lot of things I assumed were vegetarian contained hidden animal products, so be sure to ask. They're good about making adjustments. I'll probably be back, but with a reservation and with little time to wait.I have been spending three days a week in Philadelphia over the past three months. It has given me numerous opportunities to dine at Dan Dan. A friend introduced me to the restaurant and I have returned numerous times.
I have had the chicken potstickers, dandan noodles, Sichuan cold noodles, long hot pepper dish, ginger scallion dish, garlic sauce dish among others. All have been excellent - so good that I have suggested (begged?!) that they open a similar restaurant in the DC area. The food has been fresh and flavorful. The bar is a great place to grab a meal by yourself.1st impressions are important and Dan Dan made a great one! Will be putting this place on our regular circuit.  
All in all had a great meal with our family.  Shared cumin tofu, a dry pot, and dumplings in chili oil...these were cooked to perfection...and of course some Dan Dan noodles.  Also added the sides of egg plant and spicy cucumbers.  I wish I got a dry pot just for myself because it was too good to share.
Appreciated a few of the "small things" too as the servers were very friendly and took the time to bring extra plates as we ate family style.
P.S. My daughter said she could "eat those cucumbers for breakfast, lunch and dinner every day of for the rest of my life." ...I have to admit they were pretty damn good.i've been here twice since they opened, and i must say, they do a good job of providing good food and ambiance with teh right price. Their dandan noodles are quite good! (although i think the spiciness went down a lot the second time i tried it), and their portions and all their sichuan dishes are pretty on par (just as they should be instead of trying to make it super mild and bland like a lot of other places do). i also tried their taiwanese three cup chicken which was good (a bit on the sweeter side tho), with great presentation and AMAZING portion sizes for their price. also a great ambiance. 
definitely recommend it.Arrived fairly close to closing and we were told we only had 15 minutes till kitchen closed,  well...we came prepared! We knew the 3 main dishes we wanted and tried to make it as quick and easy for the staff.
Staff and service were very nice! We were seated and immediately given water and awaited our order inside the very modern feeling restaurant. 
Order: 
Dan Dan noodles: the sauce had a amazing sesame smell and was slightly spicy with a undertone of beef, noodles, simple Dan Dan noodles cooked to perfection. Overall simple, delicious but not mind blowing  (we didn't expect them to be! It's a simple dish) rating: 8.5
Wonton in chili oil: pork (I think) wontons were slightly falling apart but we almost didn't mind because the wrapper was amazingly thin and melt in your mouth.  The filling however had little taste but the spicy oil made it ok because it had depth of flavor. Rating: 7
Fiery ribeye brew pot: this MONSTER  was the most delicious thing I've had in a long time. Packed with vegis, beef, chili's, glass noodles and the all around popular szechuan pepper corns. The beer based stock complimented the heavy handed chili oil perfectly and we quickly ate everything inside the pot. I even drank a large portion of the broth. 
Overall we greatly appreciate the nice service, good food, and late night accommodation Dan Dan gave us and we will be back. I highly recommend this for a nice date night or anyone who loves spicy food
They are fairly attentive to food allergies also (I have peanut tree nut allergies)I have to say I found the meal mediocre. The Szechuan chicken was too greasy, and I couldn't believe that the only vegetable in it was -- celery! I'm not sure the dish needs a vegetable at all but if it does, celery ain't it. I haven't had celery in a Chinese dish since the restaurant next to the laundromat closed down in 1987!This place was so yummy but so SPICY! I got the tripe and beef in hot chili oil and all I could taste was the spicy. It was good though. I also got the scallion pancakes and that was really good! They were so flaky and just fell apart, I would definitely get two orders of those next time. I got the dan dan noodles and that was also very yummy, I was really into the sauce and overall flavor. The dan dan noodles were very spicy, I kept eating it because when I would stop eating, the spicy would increase haha. I would definitely get the dan dan noodles again but next time with less spicy or less sauce. I remember eating it and looking down at the bowl and the sauce was almost like a soup, there was so much of it. My sister who doesn't like spicy and can't handle even the littlest of spice got the beef noodle soup and that was a great alternative if you're also not a fan of spice. The broth in that dish was very savory and the noodles were doughy.I went to DanDan twice. Once for lunch and another time for dinner. Each time I sat at the bar which serves a full menu. For lunch, I had the Ma Po Tofu which was very good.  The perfect amount of heat. The lunch portion is smaller than the dinner portion.  I would definitely order this again.
When I went for dinner, I wanted to try something different. I tried the Dan Dan noodles.  This was a disappointment as there was hardly any flavor at all.Wow the dry pot was spicy at a 4/5 level spice but so flavorful I ate the whole thing! The bartender was very friendly and the service was very good. I will definitely be back the next tome I am in town.Awesome lunch spot if you're craving high quality Asian food at good prices. The portions were huge, and I left full and happy. Highly recommend the Kung Pao Chicken and Fried rice!! 
The ambiance is very modern and chic -- Not to mention, the staff was beyond friendly. This has quickly become my dad's favorite place to eat in Philly and after I came to visit him, it's become mine as well.Love the Taiwanese food here!
They have great lunch portions if you looking to around a bite in center city. I highly recommend the Three Cup Chicken and the Minced Pork over Rice. 
The only really negative I have to say is that I know a lot of people like the Dan Dan noodles here.. but sad to say I like Han Dynasty's Dan Dan noodles better. The sauce doesn't stick onto the noodles as well as it does at Hans, nor is it as flavorful. The noodles are just a little too soft for my liking. 
Overall, Dan Dan serves real authentic Taiwanese food that Philly was really lacking. Compared to Empire Garden, this place is 1000000% better. If you like Chinese/Korean/Thai food, or just Asian food in general, I highly recommend Dan Dan.My favorite lunch place.Taiwanese hamburger, Dan Dan noodles,scallion pancakes are just a few really good dishes. Whether your ordering to pick up or seated the service is very fast.Got the Dry Pepper Chicken and Dan Dan Noodles to go. 
The Dan Dan noodles are fire, they tasted even better the next day.Lovely little place for Taiwanese/Chinese food. With great traditional flavors for different styles, also very unique menu. Strongly recommend to try the Taiwanese dishes(on the back of the menu), you can't have a better place to go in Philadelphia for that!Perfect place on a wintry night. We enjoyed the Dan Dan noodles, three cup chicken, long hot pepper pot chicken, beef lo Mein, scallion pancakes and dumpling with chili oil. Services was helpful and attentive. All of the meals were great, but I would avoid the loMein as it was the most ordinary. Great flavors!  We would return here in future trips to Philly.Cute place! Nice for Happy Hour if your looking for something different.  This is the place.My brother took me for lunch here today. It was very busy but we were greeted as soon as we walked in the door and we were seated within 5 minutes. We were seated on the upper level of the restaurant. As soon as we sat, we were given water and within a few minutes we had our order taken. 
My brother and I both ordered the Dan Dan Noodles. I had them at heat level 3 and he had them at level 5. Our order came out pretty quick considering it is a sit-down restaurant. When they are served the sauce is on the bottom, then noodles, then ground pork on top. The server will stir it for you when it is delivered to the table. 
The noodles were full of flavor and just the right amount of kick for me. The portions are pretty big, I took my leftovers to go. 
I would definitely come here again when I'm in the city, both for service and quality of the food.Yum! This was my first time trying this type of food and I was nervous it would be too spicy for me, but it was perfect! It reminds me a bit of thai and chinese take out mixed together but on an elevated level. The place also has a cool/trendy/minimalist vibe, and there is a center bar area where people dining alone can get  quick bite. I really loved the dan dan noodles, we also got two chicken dishes, one with a peanut sauce and another that was called twice something. Both were outstanding. The chicken fried rice was pretty good too. They also give you a huge bowl of rice to split for the table. Awesome addition to the Philly lunch scene!!!The best word I can use to describe this place is disappointing.  I came on a Saturday, it was early, right around the time they open, but the staff clearly wasn't ready.  I sat at the bar, which was still cluttered with someones paperwork.  The area behind the bar was a mess, there was no music, no ambiance at all.  I asked if they were open and they said yes.  If you're open, you're open, but they clearly weren't ready.  I felt like I'd walked in on something, but I was starving and I'd been trolling Rittenhouse for 30 minutes trying to find noodles so I stayed.  
Bad idea.  The bartender was horrible.  He appeared to either be sick or really hungover.  Either way, I wish he had washed his hands at least once while I was there, because the chronic cough was really gross.  While I was there I got to hear a good deal about his personal life, because he and the hostess had a very audible back and forth for about 15 minutes....
Someone came in to apply for a job.  I learned a lot about her due to the banter between her and the manager.  It was just a crappy atmosphere all around. The music came on eventually, and it wasn't bad, but it wasn't enough to save the experience.  I checked out the bar while I waited for my food.  I'll forgive a lot if there's a well stocked bar.  My husband and I have a real thing for noodles and I was kind of excited to see if this place had potential for dinner.  The bar is poorly stocked to say the least.  It lacks variety and the drink menu is unimaginative.  It bummed me out.
On to the food.  I ordered rice noodles with shrimp.  I asked for it to be spicy.  The noodles were well cooked.  Well cooked, not well prepared.  So they weren't too hard or too mushy.  That's where the good part of my lunch ended.  If making a dish spicy means dumping in a bunch of dried chili and calling it a day, just put the chili on the side.  All that dried up fiber makes for a really weird texture.  It also makes the dish seem kind of dry since the chili soaks up what little sauce was added to the noodles to begin with.  Oh, and if you're serving shrimp in a dish, could you clean it first?  That little black line down the back of the shrimp is the intestinal tract.  Quite honestly, it's a tiny line of shit.  Please remove that from my food.  I pushed the shitty shrimp aside and had a few mouthfulls of the noodles, because as I mentioned, I was starving.  I didn't have the energy to complain, this meal hurt my feelings.  
I asked to get my leftovers wrapped to go and mentioned something about being late.  I threw them in the first trashcan I found and went to have my hair done.Decent food, great flavor for my dry pot shrimp dish. Well overpriced for the portion size. Rice on request only.  Lunch special for same dish was also well overpriced for the portion. SMH.  Put this in the occasional column. To bad as I love Sichuan to pieces.Very impressed by their authentic menu and execution.  Probably the best Center City Chinese restaurant I've been to outside of Chinatown, where I live.  Great ambience upstairs, where it's quiet.  It's often too crowded for me to get in.  Waiting for them to expand somewhere else.Food and service were excellent. Dan Dan noodles were perfect. Terrific selection for vegetarians. Loved the Mapo tofu and the eggplant. Scallion pizza was the best I've had in a while. My husband thought that the pepper shrimp were amazing. Servers were all enthusiastic and helpful.  Can't wait to go back.I tried their three cups chicken. It wasn't authentic as I expected. That's alright. I am cool with that. But I just feel the three cups chicken are not very moist or juicy. A bit too try for me. No veggies at all. Maybe you guys can consider adding basils or veggies. Nothing seems to be very impressive though. 
The overall environment was pretty good, just like a bar or or any other modern restaurants. Pretty good environment.Hidden gem in downtown Philadelphia serving drinks and great Szechuan and Taiwanese cuisine at very very reasonable prices. Dan Dan noodles is one of their best dishes. Enjoyed the 3 cup chicken and the garlic eggplant.My friends and I came here after the Philadelphia Rock N Roll 5K/10K and we were famished. We were excited to try the Sichuan/Taiwanese menu. But the food was okay.
We order the following items to be shared family style. We started with scallion pancake and that was a hit. We moved on to Pork Belly Burger and Cold Sesame noodles. These two items are delicious.  Then came the Sichuan Beef Noodle Soup, Jing Jiang pork, Taiwanese minced pork rice Taiwanese sausage, and Salt & White pepper crispy chicken. The beef noodle soup was mediocre. Besides being spicy, I do not taste any other flavor in dish. The spice seems to have over powered any other flavors. The Jing Jiang pork was  okay but the sweetness overpowers any other flavors.  My biggest disappointment was the Salt & White Pepper crispy chicken. It was loaded with MSG.
Decor: It is a very nice decor with contemporary design.Great food at affordable price. The Dan Dan is amazing for such a cheap price the people are friendly!!! I recommend for sureThis is my second time eating from here and first time sitting in. I was hoping to like the food here but, unfortunately, it falls short from Han Dynasty. The service I received tonight also left much to be desired. 
Dry pepper fish (my favorite dish) was one of the two we ordered. The first bite was alright but kind of salty. As I took another bite, I could only notice the tongue-ful of salt. The salt spread across my tongue and even became a little bitter. I took a swallow of water and the salty-bitterness made my tongue tingle for about 15 seconds. MSG much?? The entire dish was like this.
One of our waiters was unfortunately in a bad mood and very impatient toward me and my friend. We hadn't even been sitting in our seats for a full hour. As we were chatting and eating, the waiter said "how about I pack this up for you so you're not picking at it?" It was nowhere near closing time. Anyway, I don't plan to come out of my way to come here again.The question you hear often is, "Which is better? Han Dynasty or Dan Dan?" (especially because Dan Dan is owned by Han's sister, FYI) 
My answer? Depends on what you get.
In my opinion, I would go to Dan Dan any day over Han Dynasty (HD) for their...
**Dan dan noodles! 
Mixed in an authentic, bold, and savory spicy peanut/sesame sauce that packs a punch. Their umami flavor is stronger than HD, which is exactly why I love it.  The noodles are also cooked to a perfect al dente texture. 
Compared to HD, this dish is less oily and doesn't rely on being drenched in red chili oil   or red peppers to appear as "spicy". Dan Dan relies on their creative culinary skills and fresh ingredients to overwhelm customers. A master chef at work indeed. 
- Another unique favorite of mine is the lesser known dish: Duck yolk enoki mushroom. Lightly batterer enoki mushroom coated rich aromatic duck yolk, to die for. Not many restaurants offer this, but it brought back great memories when I first had this dish in Hong Kong. 
I have yet to try more dishes, but I'm looking forward to in the future. Only thing I wish is that this place is bigger to accommodate more people. But as of now, I must say I am thoroughly impressed!Tried Dan Dan first for takeout. Everything was very good. Very similar to Jane G's and Han.
Spicy crispy cucumbers- Very good, same sauce I love. Only complaint is they were a bit inconsistently sliced. I had some that were very thick pieces of cucumber, and some that were burger pickle topping thin.
Dan dan- Pretty good. Not sure if it is the Taiwanese version, but they were a bit drier than I'm used to. That could be because they use more sesame paste than chili oil.
Three cup chicken- Delicious. No complaints really but it seems like three cup chicken always has way too much garlic.
Didn't get a chance to see the place other than online, but it's a cute space if not a little cramped.Have visited this restaurant many times. Every time I have gone it has been disgustingly dirty. First visit the table had old food stuck in the crevices, second visit I saw the maintenance closet, it was dirty, and right next to the kitchen. Finally, during the last visit, there was a fly in my fried rice. The only thing waiter did was offer to give me another order, but I did not want it, I had lost my appetite. The food quality has declined also. I will not return here again.Food was good. Atmosphere was a little overwhelming. My biggest complaint was that they lost some of our order. We ordered a total of 5 dishes. Two of them never came and ended up getting resubmitted when we asked for them at the end of our meal. Probably a good bar atmosphere, not the best for a relaxed, sit down dinner.This is a great addition to the area and happens to be a block from my office which means I eat there quite often. I eat there for lunch at the bar and have been working my way through the menu. I have eaten most of the lunch dishes and almost all are outstanding. The dan dan noodles are very good and all the protein based dishes are great.  My only knock is that the restaurant is quite small and can get crowded.  I have never been for dinner but  it is a quick, outstanding lunch destination.  I especially like having lunch at the bar, quick and easy!Review of the soft opening:
Atmosphere: Asian minimalist, clean, city, welcoming. 
Service: hey it's the first night! Waitress was very informative and knowledgeable for vegetarians (all the way down to the oyster sauce). 
Food: Dan Dan Noodles are delicious and on point. Perfect combo of peanut and pepper oil. Mapo Tofu featured a silky tofu with a delicious flavor that had a spicy kick. Fiery Ribeye Brew Pot is enough for 2-3 people and features spice spice spice!
We will be back to explore the menu and see this place when it's running on all cylinders. 
Don't worry the spice can be adjusted on all dishes!Well, I do not often say Incredible, but DAN DAN delivered tonight. This is a great new place in Rittenhouse that has a modern decor with A second level.. The view is over the bar which is awesome. The menu is well thought out and sure to please. Everything was well prepared an fresh.. The place was clean.. Everyone was engaged in great conversation as I watched plate after plate of pure perfection arrive at tables surrounding me.. The spicy cucumbers: Perfect The Won Ton in chili Sauce: Perfect The Spring Rolls: Perfect The Twice Cooked Chicken: perfect The drinks: Perfect!! I loved it!!! I had the opportunity to meet the Owner and she has an incredible personality... You realize why DAN DAN is so successful after a conversation. This is a great addition to Center City!This was my first restaurant experience after moving to Philly and it remains one of my favorites!
I love the Dan Dan noodles. Also really like several other dishes like the schechuan peppercorn tofu dish and cold noodles. 
Service is fast and you can be seated within 10 minutes.Wow! This place was great. We had a party of six and luckily we had made reservations ahead of time.  Our waiter explained the menu and we ordered a few appetizers and entrees. The best two dishes we had were the pork belly appetizer and the Cumin Chicken. The three star spice rating on the chicken was about what you'd expect in heat level. Overall, it was fantastic - I would definitely recommend it!This update is just for delivery. The food is authentic and I love the spice level. Depending on your taste preferences the food can be a bit to oily. The ingredients are fresh and the food is consistently delivered quickly and the order has always been correct. I highly prefer Sichuan style over the more Americanized Chinese food offered by most establishments in the city. Wontons and dumplings in chili oil are a must.We came here after spending the day in Center City and found ourselves craving dan dan noodles. Since I've only ever tried Han Dynasty's dan dan noodles, we decided to try Dan Dan. 
Overall, I'd say the food was pretty comparable in taste. 
-Dan Dan Noodles - don't skip these. Vegetarians, don't forget to say no minced pork b/c the noodles regularly come with the pork (even though the menu doesn't specify this...grrr)
-Tofu stir fry type dish - we thought we'd love this, but when we upped our spice level to 6, we basically couldn't eat this dish :( I think Dan Dan takes their spice levels a little more seriously than Han does so be careful! 
Ambiance is nice and hip, good place to have a sit down dinner and prices are ~$30 for 2. Not too bad, but I think if given the choice, I'd order Han Dynasty take out and pig out on my couch for the same quality / price.Went here for dinner last night with another couple, and everything we had was amazing! We started with the DanDan noodles, pork belly with chili oil, dumplings in chili oil, and spicy cucumbers. DanDan noodles had more of a peanut buttery taste than I prefer, but everyone else loved them. The other apps were all so good! I was impressed with the amount of pork belly that came in one order, it was a ton! For dinner we split a shrimp hotpot, a cumin lamb dish, and a pork hotpot. Everything was perfectly spiced and tasted so good!  Our service was amazing, and we can't wait to go back!Had a great lunch here on a week day.  There was a long line to wait for tables, but it moved fast, and we were seated in about 10 minutes.  Seating arrangement seems like a normal restaurant in the city, tight but as should be expected.  EVERYONE was super friendly there though, our hostess Steph was running us down the menu before our waiter even got there.  Our waiter Sin was fun and was helping us decide how much food, and how much spice we would handle, which was helpful.   Also the manager Cat kept swinging by and explained the menu, and also helped us decide on what to get.  The food came out in about 5 minutes, and the price was great.  Dan Dan Noodles, Twice Cooked Chicken, Dry Pot Disk with Shrimp - all great!  All around great experience!Why are you called Dan Dan when you can't even perfect the dish? Jane g's way better!! The bar sucks too!! They can't even make a watermelon martini.Menu pleases all of the various picky eaters in my household.  I was sweating from the spiciness, and it wasn't even rated challenging.  But I liked it!Ordered through UberEATS and though the food was hot, it was the blendest Kung Pao Shrimp I've ever eaten. Paid $26 for mediocre food that shouldn't be so at that price point. There was a ton of celery (in big chunks) mixed with peanuts and barely cooked veined shrimp. Quality and flavor should always be first. Never again.What a great addition to the Rittenhouse neighborhood.  The tea they serve you when you arrive is a secret blend of magic.  Before I go further, they had me at the tea.  Moving on to the meal.  We ordered Dan Dan Noodles of course.  I asked that they lay off the spice and bring a side of chili oil for my man (because he likes his food spicy), which they were happy to accommodate.  Fo me, the Dan Dan Noodles are plenty filling and should be the full meal, but I oinked it up with a round of the Pork Belly Taiwanese Gua Bao with Pickled Mustard and Powdered Peanuts because they sounded so damn good.  I was more than impressed with this dish.  It was the perfect blend of sweet and tangy.   My boyfriend ordered the Cumin Chicken which is 3 dots on the menu (medium heat) and he looked like he was sweating bullets.  He said he loved his meal, despite ordering a pitcher of water.   All in all, we were very happy.  We ate there before Dan Dan got its liquor license, so the layout seemed to be disproportionate  - a lot of open wasted space downstairs while only a few tables upstairs.  Additionally, the bathrooms are in the server prep area - which grosses me out, but that's just me.  I'd still go back or better yet, order takeout.Dan Dan is a new Taiwanese restaurant in the Rittenhouse Square area of the city.  The staff were wonderful!  We were seated ahead of our reservation time and our waitress wasted no time introducing us to the menu and offered tasty suggestions!  She checked in frequently but was not obtrusive.  The owners came over to ask how we were enjoying everything!  The food was excellent!  We will definitely return!Great Sichuan dishes that are just spicy enough. Also good place to go for vegetarians. We liked the cumin lamb and the dan dan noodles. Also tried some unique cocktails.The dan dan noodles were more peanut-y than we are used to but delicious nonetheless.  We also got the dumplings in chili oil which was more like dumplings in crack oil bc that sauce is freaking delicious.  We ordered takeout and it was really fast.  The girl who worked there was super friendly.If you want a relaxing meal, are looking for a date spot or leisurely meal with friends, be mindful of when you go to Dan Dan.  
I made a last minute reservation on a weekday evening for 7:45 and it was packed when we got there.  Because this place is small and the bar takes up so much of the first level, it makes it awkward to wait for your table. By the time we left though, the place was far less crowded, the noise level was way lower and the atmosphere a lot more relaxed both upstairs and at the bar.
The Dan Dan noodles were good and a big serving for sharing or taking for leftovers. The Scallion pancakes were also very good. Both are great options for starters for the table. There were several vegetarian options on the menu.  I got the Napa goji with chestnuts. Good flavor but the amount of broth leaves you wanting something to add to it like rice. 
Overall an ok spot for this type of food.Excellent food and friendly staff.
Ordered take-out for New Years Eve and it did not disappoint.  The cucumber appetizer was so damn good - order it!  Standard Sichuan fare (dry pepper chicken, fish in oil, etc) was also delicious.  Looking forward to coming back.I was skeptical on coming here especially that I love Han Dynasty but I did and boy am I in trouble (it's 3 blocks away from our place)! We ordered the DanDan noodles and it was addicting with just the right spicy-ness. We also ordered the Sichuan shrimp with head on and the house fried rice and those didn't disappoint either. We will definitely come back here but prob just to pick up as the restaurant is small and can be crowded once people figure out this gem!