I am giving Dante & Luigi's top honors for many reasons. My boyfriend & I were in Philly for our 2 year anniversary & this place caught my eye from the looks of it alone. Classy & super clean. Hostess & waiter were extremely nice & even the bus boy came over a few times to see how we enjoyed the food etc. Now to the food, I had Ravioli's & he had Chicken Francese & they were both out of this world! I was actually upset we didn't live closer so I could have it again! This is the place to go for delicious & reasonably priced Italian food. So romantic, perfect for our special day!Took out of town relatives back to this Bella Vista stalwart.  You really can't go wrong for good, solid Italian food.  Huge veal cutlets.  Excellent sea food marinara.  Good old fashioned, reliable Italian food, in unpretentious setting, without a bunch of obnoxious people.  Great for a Sunday night, in particular.The ambience is nice and romantic, but the food is only "ok". I've had my fair share of Italian cuisine domestically and internationally and I have to the say the food here falls short. There's a ton of charm and history with the place but the food was overly salty. The soup, pasta, the meats were all very salty. I assume some people would consider that flavorful, I felt different. I think it's back to Radicchio.Was my first time here last night. I enjoyed it but was not wowed by the food.  It's not that it wasn't very good, just that I was not amazed.  But it was very good food and I would definitely recommend it to anyone for a date.  I ordered the clams in the white sauce for the appetizer and was not amazed by it.  I would recommend the mussels instead.  My main appetizer was the risotto with jumbo shrimp a and clams.  Was good but I have had better risotto from the frozen section at trader joe's to be honest.  My dessert was the tira misu.   Was very good.
As for the decor, the place is nicely decorated.  The main dining room is a bit small and the noise is on the louder side.  It's better for conversation at this noise level as you can talk without whispering. It would have been better if there was more spacing between the tables. 
I'll be coming back at some point. 
FYI. This is the oldest Italian restaurant in Philly.  Founded in 1899Awesome italian food.  The waiter was very attentive, and considerate to our needs.  I would recommend it, and I will be going back.My wife & I went here for Valentine's dinner..........WOW!! Service was impeccable, food was absolutely 1st rate. We shared a crabmeat & portabella mushroom appetizer(which was delicious) , my wife had veal medallions rollatini which she enjoyed immensely & I had the bronzino(Mediterranean sea bass) stuffed w/ lobster rizzoto, which was also amazing. We also shared a cannoli for desert, which was the best cannoli I've ever had, it literally melted in my mouth. I'm thinking this will be our Valentine's spot imperpetuem.
Just make sure you make a reservation(some poor schlub actually walked in off the street ON VALENTINE'S WEEKEND & expected to get a table!! I burst out laughing!!)) & bring plenty of cash; dinner for 2 was around $140 w/ drinks before tip; they do take credit cards, but tack on 3%!! 
NOTE: I don't know how but this review wound up on Ristorante Panorma's page. I've never been there. I removed that review. Dante & Luigi's is where we went, & very glad of it.
EDIT:
My wife, son, & I went here for a surprise Father's Day dinner on 6/15/13, & the same thing I'm now going to bring up happened the 1st time: the valet parking leaves a little to be desired. 1st off, my wife was driving both times, & both times we had to search out the valet, who WAS STANDING ON THE CURB RIGHT IN FONT OF D & L'S. A good valet will open a door for a customer, especially a woman. The "Tip-O-Meter" was running, dude!! Secondly, when your parking a block away, why oh why does it take so damn long to get my car?? I mean 20 minutes. Really? And they charge $18, a wee bit steep, especially early in the day......not taking anything away from D & L's food or service wise, it's impeccable, but they may want to re-think the whole valet parking deal w/ whomever they are dealing w/ now & get somebody else in the near future.
NOTE: D&L's have since changed the valet they use.....MUCH improved.
EDIT: Went back here for Valentine's dinner on Sunday, 2/13....everything great as usual, but the one complaint I do have is that this is supposed to be fine dining....why do they allow schlubs dressed in jogging suits/sweats/yoga pants? If I'm paying top dollar for a meal, I don't need to see some bozo & his family looking like they just rolled into McDonald's. Whatever happened to "Proper Attire Required"? You don't want to get dressed up to go to dinner, fine....go to Wendy's or The Melrose Diner....but in the end, I do blame the management for this....They really should enforce a dress code. If you're paying $200 for dinner, then Joe Schmo should be turned away for looking like an unmade bed.I have heard and read great reviews from many people about Dante & Luigi's, I was not disappointed. Every entree we had was delicious, the apps. and desserts were just as good. I've had better meals, but not by much, and never at this price point.The best! I'm going to make it a point to dine here again. We arrived with a large party 30 min to closing time on a Sunday night. The staff was polite and accommodating. The food was delicious and worthy of praise. Definitely will return.Don't try to bring a young child here, because they don't have highchairs or booster seats for little kids. So much for families being welcome... as long as your kids are old enough to sit in regular chairs I guess. Was pretty irritating to be turned away after braving a pretty nasty rainstorm specifically to go here on our last night in Philadelphia.I'm a spoiled New Yorker, what can I say?
When I heard this was the oldest Italian restaurant in Philly, I had high expectations. When I saw the prices, I had higher expectations. Expectations not met.
I had the spaghetti with bolognese sauce which was good but I have had so much better. I think the sauce was the most disappointing part of the meal.
The bread served in the beginning is fresh and I did appreciate the sweetness of the vinegar to accompany the olive oil. The sautéed spinach was too bitter, but the Italian sweet sausages I tried were good. 
This is a descent place but I mean descent and I had expected 5 stars.I enjoyed a wonderful dinner with the Mrs.  Started with the stuffed calamari and shrimp cocktail and the italian antipasto. All were excellent and very tasty.  Then we moved onto the osso buco and my reliable chicken parmigiana. Oh and I forgot to mention the  broccoli rabe, Everything was delicious. The staff was friendly and attentive.  For dessert we had the italian cream cake with rum and the ricotta canoli with chocolate chips. Overall we had a very pleasant dining experience in one of the most authentic italian restaurants in Philadelphia.Absolutely wonderful meal with the kids on Saturday night. I had the veal, and it was like butter. The pasta fagioli was out of this world good. The lasagna and the ravioli got rave reviews from the kids. Wish the delicious bread was served warm. And note that although they accept credit cards there is a 3 1/2% surcharge for doing so.  So bring cash or a check.Fabulous meal. The waiter was a little odd, but his service was good.  Parking can be a challenge, but it's worth it.  The food was fabulous!!!!!I've lived in Philly for 19 years and never visited Dante. Wish I would have earlier. Delicious all the way around! Food was amazing, fresh and served in a timely manner. Our wait staff was attentive and fun. 
My sister is gluten free and there was plenty on the menu for her to choose from even a yummy sorbet for desert. I had the wide ribbon pasta with crab and it came with huge pieces of crab, and perfect sauce. We also had the pasta fasoli soup and caprese salad. The mozzarella I believe tasted like Claudio's which is a bonus. Great great great! We'll def be back more often!Best Italian I have ever had in a restaurant. Classic and unpretentious atmosphere. Will go back every time I am in Philly.Sounds like if you're in town, you need to visit that stereotypical Italian joint where you can get some good pasta and gravy.  Plenty of signs pointed to this place so I thought I'd give it a shot.  The place was good, but maybe a little overhyped...and overpriced.  I got one of the veal dishes and a pasta and I'm willing to bet there are dozens of restaurants in the city that can turn out dishes just as good for less.  Thinking this is similar to the many tourist traps that dot Little Italy in New York...The food wS fabulous but the ambience made it even better. I cannot believe that we lived in Society Hill so many years ago and never knew that this ode to di ing was nearby!Went for dinner on 2/1/18. We started with an appetizer of stuffed mushrooms with crab meat. This thing looked and smelled amazing! For dinner I ordered the Alfredo dish with fresh spinach and my friend ordered the liver dish with bacon and sauté onions (comes with a side of pasta). Everything was  delicious and the presentation of the plated food was phenomenal. The food was fantastic, the service was superb, the ambiance was amazing. This is a great place for a date or quiet group. The restaurant is authentic with a nice moderate/low level noise. Wonderful neighborhood gem.I was concerned this place was not going to be as good as ralphs. It's just as good. The only thing is that it's a bit more expensive. We went on a Saturday night with our 1 year old and they were very accommodating. This will continue to be our go to place if Ralph's is too busy.An all around great place.  Awesome food, great staff.  Perfect place for a large group for a celebration or for an intimate dinner for two.  All around, one of my favorite Italian restaurants in the city.We were  going to the Academy of Music this evening, so we were discussing dinner before a show.  Family that live in South Philly made suggestions and we agreed to come to Dante & Luigi's. The Caesar Salad was great, fried calamari was the best  any of us ever had.  Lightly breaded and tender.  Perfect!  Our entree's varied from veal, seafoods, crab and homemade linguini.  Everything was wonderful.  I'm Italian and have eaten what I thought was the best.  This place is tops.  Service, all male, was professional, but fun and very helpful.  I would recommend this to  anyone that wants an authentic Italian meal in a beautiful setting.  And the prices were very reasonable, considering you are in the city.  I was pleasantly surprised.This used to be a regular haunt, but i hadn't been for a long while. The food was stellar, but my complaint is with the waitstaff.  Our waiter seems disinterested and he
wouldn't put in in our appetizer orders until we had ordered our entrees. Really?  The food will definitely bring me back, the sauce reminds me of my grandmother's house. It's worth overlooking a so-so waiter for great food.My family and I love Dante and Luigi's , feels like you are eating home cooked Italian food, always fresh, go with an appetite because everything is delicious. We love Angelo he's amazing. We always go monthly and if not every other week ! Great serviceCapturing the essence of classic Italian dining, Dante and Luigi's DOES NOT disappoint. Exceptional homemade dishes surpassed only by the old world service. Mick's blend of relaxed, attentive service made us feel like we'd been dining there for decades, when it was only our first visit.
The ambiance was old world romantic Italian at its best. Sophisticated yet approachable, you felt like you were dining in someone's spacious dining room.
If you are seeking chic, nuevo cuisine, there are plenty of celebrity chef joints to hang out in, but if you want the real deal taste of south Philadelphia Italian, this is your place.
Not many places like this left so make your reservation, be on time, and open your mind to how Italian should be done.
BTW, valet parking is available, and cash is preferred over credit. Nice discount for the latter.My boyfriend and I had our first meal here for my birthday dinner. The food was fabulous and the service is excellent! We had some car trouble at the end of the night. The valet crew and staff went above and beyond to help us out. We are so appreciative of the kindness of the whole staff! Thank you thank you thank you!!! Highly recommend dining at this beautiful restaurant!Good Food.   A few too many waiters hanging about and a little too formal for my taste.  However food was well prepared and staff were friendly.  Bring cash as there is a 3.5% surcharge on credit cards.After searching for great Italian food on yelp we found Dante and Luigi's. There are many good restaurants in the area but when we read  another yelp review that said a mob hit had taken place at this restaurant a decade earlier,we are we decided to try it out. To start The decor is lovely,elegant and cozy. Lots of old world charm and history in the restaurant. The staff was friendly and attentive.  Most important however, is the food  and it did not disappoint!!! I had the Seafood Cioppino which tasted amazing and the presentation was beautiful, my husband had the Broccoli Rabe. Which he said tasted just like the way his Italian mama makes it. The prices were also very reasonable and you get a 5% discount if you pay in cash.  We would highly recommend  checking this  restaurant out.True Italian feel. Ralph our waiter and his bus boys were great. The Veal Katherine and Italian Sweetbreads were fresh and delicious. Their Tiramisu is beter than anything I have eaten in Ny, Chicago, DC and Italy.
Will return when next in PhillyDante & Luigi's was the perfect place for my boyfriend and I to take his mom when she visited town. The atmosphere was great - felt just like you were in someone's home (which once upon a time it was!). Our waiter was nice and even allowed my boyfriend to order Veal Piccata which wasn't on the menu. "If we have the ingredients, we can make it" -- and my boyfriend scarfed down the dish in about 15 minutes. Must have been good! His mom got the Gnocchi Romano which was delicious and a very large portion size provided ample leftovers. My Shrimp Fra Diavolo should have come with a warning label - this is the spiciest version of the dish I've ever had. Once my mouth was numb I enjoyed the dish, but I honestly couldn't taste much behind the level of spice. We also shared a calamari appetizer and bottle of wine. All-in-all a wonderful meal and a restaurant I would definitely recommend.We went for our 3 year wedding anniversary and they treated like gold. Exceptional service and amazing food. We WILL be back often.The food and service were great. Really your traditional old-school Italian place. Nice place for a date or a celebration. They have a few different rooms, we ended up being seated in the front room which kind of looks like a cell with cement walls and an iron gate. I heard they're upgrading the place so I hope this room is next.I couldn't come to Philly and not eat Italian food. I was looking for a place to eat and Dante and Luigi's kept coming up. I decided to try it since it's the "Oldest Italian Restaurant in Philadelphia". I couldn't decide on an appetizer so I got the Caprese Salad and the Prosciutto, Provolone, and Sicilian Olives.  Both appetizers were really good. The Caprese was a stack. The balsamic dressing on it was so full of flavor.  I ordered the Pasta Carbonara. They have gluten free pasta which made me so happy. The carbonara was the best carbonara I have ever had. I have had carbonara that is very thick and strong, this was light and the taste was spot on. It is by far the best carbonara I have ever had. 
I was too full for dessert and it didn't look like there were too many GF options so I ended the meal with a double espresso. The espresso was really smooth and tasty. 
This was a very enjoyable experience. The food was great, the service was great, and the environment itself was very charming. It truly has an old world charm.This is a very attractive restaurant. Had no idea how beautiful the interior rooms were. Our waitperson, Victor, was pleasant and attentive. Now for the review. The appetizers were fantastic and served piping hot. The salads were terrific. Now for the rest of the story. The pasta was not what we ordered but we accepted what was served. Then, entrees began to be presented that we did not order. Our lukewarm entrees finally arrived and it obvious they had been sitting around in the kitchen. Ever eat cool calves liver or nearly room temp Bronzino? Not nice. The veal putenesca and veal rollatini were similar in temp. The 2 btls of wine help temper our disappointment.  Then the food server showed up with rum cake looking for whoever ordered it and it was not us. Yes, I will return, but be very aware of the food delivery. Maybe a weekday is better!Outstanding place. Never been to Ralph's because I can't get past this place. I ate my way through Rome - this is comparable. Thanks for retaining your quality over the years D & L.One of the best Italian restaurants in town. Impeccable service. Nice wine list. Daily specials won't disappoint. Great place to celebrate a special occasion or special company.We attended a party here.  Warmly welcomed and shown to a private dinning room, our coats were taken and we were offered a cocktail or beverage of our choice.  Good first impression!
While we waited for the guest of honor, we were made to feel comfortable along with other arriving guests. Bread with olive oil was served.
Our host had arranged a preset dinner with family style appetizers, a Caesar salad and choice of 3 entries and two desserts.  
The raves in the room were for the eggplant appetizer and risotto entree.  
Desert and choice of hot beverages perfectly ended a delicious meal.
Food and service were very good!  
A real plus for Philly, they provide valet parking!!  
I'll be backBeen to many Italian restaurants in South Philadelphia, this by far is the best. Servers were very attentive from start to finish. I had the prosciutto and extra sharp provolone salad, the ziti with Italian sausage and broccoli rabe, my wife had the Jersey tomato salad, and penne ala vodka with shrimp and we shared a desert. Every course was outstanding. Definitely make reservations, as they're always busyThe pastas were very flavorful. The stuffed whole calamari was fantastic. Best italian gravy. My cowoker had the fettucini filetto and I had the papardelle with tomato and basil in white wine sauce. Very very tasty. We topped off the meal with vanilla and Spimoni gelatto and le columbe coffee. The german reisling was one of the best reislings i've had, even though the waiter recommended an Italian red wine.  Make sure to request not to be placed in the bar the ambiance of the other rooms is much cozier.   All in all, it made me miss Italy.cThis place has good ravioli. It's in a good location. I definitely recommend going to Dante & Luigi's if you're in Philadelphia!Their food and customer service is out of this world. Whenever I get to treat myself, it's always at Dante & Luigis. My boyfriend and I went here after a long and brutal day one night and the bartender bought us both drinks from across the room. Their penne vodka is to die for, as well.GOOD Italian food!  Eggplant rollatini amongst the best I have ever had, and we used to live in the heart of Italian food mecca of northern NJ.  Nice wine list, good service, lovely atmosphere.  Tiramisu was the best I have ever had.  Cream was delicious, light and heavenly.  Get it, even if you didn't eat all your dinner ;).Excellent food and service. Paul our waiter took care of everything and suggested some great entrees.Back in the day, growing up in the suburbs, my best friend's grandparents were from the old country.  They had a well-used wine press in the garage and made their own sausage.  Johnny's home was always filled with wonderful smells and flavors - and non-stop, conversation.  
Dining at Dante & Luigi's recaptures that authenticity and warmth in a charming dining  room.   The food, appropriately extolled in other Yelps, is simply divine.  
Jonesing for real Italian?  This is the place to go.Dante and Luigis had me worried for a bit with a few ice cold reviews. However, after I was stuffed to the brim with shrimp cocktail and gnocchi romano and my boyfriend was stuffed with eggplant rollantini and perciatelli genovese, we're both believers. We had a reservation and were seated 15 minutes earlier than expected, the service was quick and attentive, and the food was delicious. The bread was the weakest point, and it wasn't bad, it just could have been better and warm. The gnocchi was pillowy and delicious, the sauce was creamy, the veal bolognese was savory (albeit off putting in its appearance), the drinks were always filled and the gelato was the perfect finish. I would say skip the valet parking, and try to get a reservation before 8 if you want to avoid a stressful parking situation. We had no trouble finding a parking spot only a block and a half away, but I also attribute this to giving ourselves enough time. The atmosphere was also warm, and maybe a little outdated, but nice for a quiet dinner out. We were definitely the youngest couple in there, but we weren't going for a bar scene. I would say give this place a try or just keep on going there.A very romantic environment filled with sparkling chandeliers. There's a lot more to the menu than on the website. My boyfriend has a signature veal dish that was good, but could not beat my mushroom and pasta dish with pesto cream sauce. Yum! Very reasonable prices considering the environment and quality. Both of our main dishes were under $20 and enormous.Food was delicious!!! Great spot for a date night or even a large party.  I like that they had a full bar, as opposed to some other Italian restaurants in the area. Our waiter was nice and informative, but I think he got a little annoyed by our group of 8 loud females- that's OK, I understand. The busboys were such gentleman and so polite!  This made for the perfect girls' night, and I look forward to going back again for date night with my hubby. ALSO: if you pay in cash, you receive a 10% discount.OLD FASHIONED ELEGANCE! This one one of the most delightful restaurants we've tried on the road! The food was divine, as was the presentation, timing, price and value! I would eat there biweekly if I lived there! Traditional, elegant, and magnificent! 
I'd have given it a perfect rating but the waitstaff 'waited' at the bar counter in front of us staring our way throughout the whole meal. It was very awkward. They could hear our idle chatter and we would have left early had the meal and dessert not been so perfect. Lovely romantic spot-I was there w/ colleagues and friends but could see the ambiance, we were not out of place though. I can't wait to somehow get back! Parking a pain. Use the Valet on a weekend! FYI thhey charge extra for Credit Card use, it's minimal.
Don't miss the dessert even if you only have two bites and take it with you like we did. We had a Ricotta Cheese Cake and the Italian Cream Cake were out of this world! The cannolli my friend had was good.I loved this place! I didn't even have time to take pictures bc I just wanted to focus on the night. It is a restaurant with a lot of history which the owner made sure to keep it traditional. Beautiful crown molding, all male servers (which was weird but when you ask why they'll explain), family friendly and great Italian  food. There is valet which is $15 but we went during the week. However, we found free parking a block and a half away!! Totally worth going. It was my birthday and we got two free shots! Go and get the BEST Italian experience in philly!This was a great choice for dinner with a friend visiting from Boston this past weekend.  We had walked all day, so our friend only had energy to walk a block or two from her B&B.  We went to Dante & Luigi's since it was on the corner.  We weren't starving, so we each ordered a pasta entree only.  All three entrees were huge and tasty.  My lasagna was a little salty, but luckily I like salt.  Friend's mushroom dish was very rich.  Husband's pasta and meatballs hit the spot.  The atmosphere was old school South Philly, which was great for a tourist.  Service was excellent, especiallay since the waiter didn't try to upsell us on appetizers and dessert.  I don't think we'll run here on a regular basis, but we'd definitely come back again with visitors for the food and atmosphere.Amazing amazing amazing! Can not speak highly enough of this place! Amazing food, amazing ambiance, amazing service and amazing prices. Highly recommend.i ordered the classic spaghetti and meatballs............. i wasn't blown away... the service was good, until the end... where i asked for the check like 10 times... a bit disappointing.Wow, what a great meal!
My kids and I came in on a Sunday right before an Eagles 8:30 game, and as was totally expected, they were mobbed.  VERY few places (if any) can give top class service with a rush like that.
That being said, the staff did a great job!  The head waiter approached us in very short order, took our drink orders, and made sure we were attended to.  
Long and short of it, really good mid price Italian, very attractive decor, excellent service, and an excellent menu.
I will soon be back!
(Edit) Came back more than a year later, and hosted a table of five, very late (beyond 8pm) with some serious foodies.  Another incredibly tough time for a restaurant to execute, and a very knowledgeable audience.
Nailed it.  Tip Top, out of the park.
Hats off to Dante and Luigis!So, this is a well located, and well known restaurant. The ambiance is great. The service was attentive and friendly. But.... I am really tired of nightly specials that are simply overkill. I got a pasta special with lovely cheese stuffed agnolotti. That would have been great on it's own. Instead,  half pound of lump crab meat, a meal in itself, was piled on top in the sauce. It was not particularly a seafood sauce. IMHO, it was overkill. I pushed the crab to the side and ate the pasta. Took home the crab and made a salad of it for lunch the next day! For the price, this restaurant was definitely nothing special. Big portions do NOT a good restaurant make.Just like my nonna used to make! 
Confession: I don't really have an Italian grandmother. But if I did, I like to imagine her food would taste like the fare at Dante & Luigi's.
Solid, classic South Philly Italian menu with all the charm of the city's yesteryears you could ask for. You're not going to get the inventiveness of places like Le Virtu or Amis, but you're going to leave satisfied, heavily carbed up and full.  Make sure to take a peek at their original menu by the hostess stand. It is literally the same as the one you'll see on your table. Except of course that you could get a meatball for a nickel or something similarly ridiculous back then.
I'd recommend staying the course and opting for the Italian gravy (not sauce, never sauce!). But you really can't go wrong with most of the options.
The one thing I did find myself a bit confused about was the Sautéed Calamari. So much marinara! Why so much marinara?! I half expected to see the little squid rings jump on tiny boats and float across the serving dish, reenacting Columbus sailing towards the edge of the world. But I can't complain too much, because it did make for an excellent bread dip. And you know I boxed up the rest of that liquidy goodness and made my own concoction with it for lunch the next day. I'd like to think this made my sweet, non-existent nonna smile down on me from heaven.The food and ambiance may be great and very old world, but really the service is where the place goes down hill. 
We called a week ahead to get our reservation, described clearly to the hostess that we would be coming with a wheelchair and they never thought to tell us they had stairs to get in the building.  When we arrived and dealt with waiting for valet, we were introduced to three stairs.  Yikes.  Convinced they had to have a movable ramp, I went inside to speak to the hostess while my handicap father waited outside.  The hostess was so proud to show me how the room was accessible, and drew a blank face when she realized that regardless of the room being flat, the exterior of the restaurant was not.  
My problem lies in the fact that someone took the reservation despite clear direction that we had a handicap person in the party.  It drew insult to injury...literally.  Not everyone that uses a scooter or a wheelchair does it simply because they are "too fat to walk".Even though this is two blocks from my apartment, it took me over a year to eat here.  When we walked in, we were awed by the beautiful rooms and were seated in the front room.  High ceilings, beautifully wood paneled bar, and a gorgeous tile floor set the stage for what should have been an awesome meal.  
Unfortunately, the food was just ok.  It wasn't bad by any stretch of the imagination, it just wasn't a meal that really sticks out in my mind as spectacular.  I had the penne alla vodka with prosciutto.  The pasta was cooked perfectly and the prosciutto was a nice salty addition, but the sauce had little to no flavor of it's own.  The wait staff was very friendly and attentive, if at times a little too attentive.  Our meal had been placed for no more than thirty seconds before we were asked how everything was.  But I guess I'd rather have a staff be too attentive than ignore me.
If I'm in the mood for pasta and don't feel like walking far, I might end up back at Dante and Luigis, but I don't think it is a place I would find myself craving.Enjoying a beautiful chilly night in Philly with my son and fiancé. Love this love! Second time here. Love the pasta. The seafood choppino is made to perfection.Expensive but a perfect place for a date. Its beautiful inside and the staff are soo friendly. I love it.I came to Dante and Luigi's (I'm 40 years old) for the first time with wheelchair restricted older family member (He is 71 years old) who has happy memories of his meals here in his younger years. I learned that Dante and Luigi's has no handicapped/accessibility options.  You have to climb steps to enter the restaurant.  Also are two or three stairs to climb to go to the bathroom.   I think this restaurant does not have any ADA compliance.  (Maybe historic restaurants are not required to have accessibility options?  It certain is a nice looking restaurant - let me give them credit for that!)  I hurt my back (6 weeks of physical therapy) pulling a wheelchair up the two steps out front before I realized it was a bad idea.  You might reconsider coming here if you or someone you are bringing has physical disabilities.
I ordered lasagna, certainly the most expensive lasagna I had my whole life.  If you knew me in real life, you would know I love lasagna.  Dante's gave me a large portion and it tasted good.  I am certain it was high quality.  However, I have had better lasagna elsewhere at a fraction of the price.  It was not even close in taste to the lasagna my wife and mother cook.  I felt the same thing eating a garden salad (waitstaff said no salad dressing available other than oil and vinegar) and the complementary Italian bread.   I was completely full before we (a party of 5) ordered deserts. Our party tried one of everything.  I must say that Dante and Luigi's has a couple of truly exceptional deserts.
I think the true bright spot here is that the service at the restaurant was excellent.  There was always someone filling our water glasses and the staff were exceptionally friendly.  I hope you enjoy your meal here more than I did.  3 out of 5 of us felt the same way: the food tasted  mediocre for the price.In response to Elle W,  I think uptight and discriminatory is unfair.  First, you weren't there and are unsure exactly what went on, what they were wearing or how they were behaving.  Right off, them saying they went to the bar and were refused is ridiculous.  They don't have a bar.  There is a service bar but it is obviously a service bar, there are no seats.  
I think you should reconsider your review, an accusation of discrimination is very serious, especially when you are making without any firsthand knowledge.
If your friends had an issue, they should have asked for the Manager.I am italian so I am very very picky when it comes to eating at Italian restaurants. However, Dante & Luigi's is my favorite italian restaurant of all time. Every single thing on the menu is delicous. My favorite is the Penne Vodka. HIGHLY suggest going here.Spectacular service. Exquisite food. Incredible ambiance. One of the finest experiences  I have ever enjoyed in my 35 years of traveling the USA and having the privilege of dining at the finest restaurants in the country thanks to my sales/marketing jobs.  
Lets start with the ambiance. 
You walk into the restored parlor and immediately are struck by the open space, natural light from windows all around, 15 foot high ceiling, crown molding, impressive arches.
Next, the service. As good as I have EVER experienced. Paul our main waiter, Victor, our superstar, Frank the maitre d, Jeremie and John our bus boys - they worked together like a well-oiled machine. Requests were handled immediately. Never had to ask for a water glass to be refilled. Pleasant, customer focused, attentive, well informed about the menu and drinks - everything you want from a team of servers. A highlight.
Of course, the key is the food and they delivered. Delicious,made from scratch, down to the basics from homemade croutons and dressing on our salad to the incredible gravy on our pasta.
I had lobster,shrimp and crab over homemade pasta done in a wonderful fra diavolo sauce that was out of this world and my friend had the fresh salmon special which was light and delicious. We started with a wonderful fried calamari with hot peppers added at our request, split a special house salad as well as shared a huge piece of house made tiramisu.
All the people we met were friendly. The valet was a great guy.
I can not recommend this restaurant highly enough. I read some reviews here that make me think these people have an ax to grind or have no idea what incredible italian food tastes like (some people think Olive Garden is good).
Awesome! 10 stars if I could do so but since 5 is the most I get, 5 starsit is. Still, 5 stars doesn't do that experience justice.Food is authentic Italian and very good.  Service is very intrusive however and they seem to be listening to your conversations.  Also, don't try to order an appetizer before selecting an entree...we were told the chef doesn't like that.  Asked how everything was...we told waiter that one appetizer was cold and he did and said nothing.  Why ask then?  This place is off the list for us. Too many other good restaurants around South Philly.Dante & Luigis has been a family staple of mine for years. My husband even first met my parents here, possibly to see if he passed the "good eater" test. The food is all delicious and better than some of the food I've had in Rome and Venice. The service is wonderful as well. The fifth star is really just removed for the salads, which come with no dressing but oil and vinegar. Lettuce, tomato, and balsamic vinegar is something I can do better at home, and not worth filling up on when we have ciopinnos and lasagnas ahead. Otherwise, a sure thing.Oh man. This was some damn good Italian food. I opted for Gnocchi Romano and it was absolutely heavenly. The rosetta sauce is the stuff of dreams and the gnocchi was just the right texture. My friends were also thrilled with their food, especially E who ordered the special that night, a seafood pasta dish that was a real standout. I had an amazing chocolate cake for dessert too, but was too full to completely finish it. 
Our waiter was super friendly and helpful too. Great service! Prices aren't cheap, but they could be a lot worse for an Italian place. 
The only downside was that the wine list was only bottles (unless I misunderstood and they were just DAMN expensive individual glasses). I wouldn't have minded a glass of wine with my meal but certainly didn't want to down a bottle. 
One major perk: they offer a 5% discount off entire check when you pay with cash. Not bad.After flying in from Miami, we were super hungry and ready to eat some good Italian food. My MIL made our reservation here and we were impressed. At first they seemed a little stuffy for our liking, but they warmed up. The dining rooms are very cozy and decorated nicely. We started out with the ceasar salad and calamari and followed it with the tilapia coverd in capers and white wine sauce, which was the special of the day. Our dinners took awhile to get to our table due to some error by the kitchen, so the restaurant comped our desserts! The desserts were all made from scratch and were to die for. The chocolate molten cake was excellent! My MIL even took home some of their sauce. Excellent place to dine!I don't know if it was the food, the 20's jazz playing through their speakers, our waitress, or being in my old stompin' grounds again, but something about this place put me right at ease the second I walked in the door.   Like my City of Brotherly Love, the food at Dante and Luigi's was very straightforward and didn't try to be something it wasn't - what you saw was what you got, and therein I found the connection between American Italian and Italian Italian food.  Yes, there is a difference.
We were able to make a reservation for the two of us (yes, Hubby and I got a date night while Grandpa took care of Baby!) for 8:00 Saturday night.  Granted, it was Memorial Day weekend, but the place was still packed.  In the heart of South Philly - I made sure Hubby didn't don something that screamed "I'm a DC sports fan" that would land him in the bottom of the Schuylkill with a couple of lead boots.
We started with the sauted calamari, served with sauted tomato slices and escarole.   Fresh tomatoes may have been a better contrast against the smoky squid and the olive-oil-laden escarole, and the squid was just a touch over-done.
Entrees, Hubby enjoyed enjoyed their veal special with crabcake and provolone on top, and I ordered the rigatoni carbonara.  His had a heavy-sounding name, but boy, the flavor of the combination was amazing.  The sauce tasted sweet of a liquor reduction of the pan drippings - I was sopping it up with the bread they gave us.  My rigatoni, the sauce was really wonderfully creamy, different from the dryer variety found in Italy.  They used bacon instead of pancetta - this was a little detail that left me wondering, as the Italian market is but 2 blocks from the joint, but the flavor of the dish was still wonderful.
I dove into their Ricotta Cheesecake for dessert, and Hubby had the Italian Cream Cake with Rum.  The ricotta cheesecake lifted my heavy stomach - it was the lightest cheesecake I have ever had.  Hubby tried to deflect my eyes of intrigue, but in the end, in the interest of self-preservation, he caved, and I got to have some of his cake too.
Dante and Luigi's was quintessential Philadelphia - true, solid flavors, no masking, no frou, no pretense.  This meal opened up a whole discussion between Hubby and me, of the types of food we grew up with, him in DC, me in Philly.  We've come to realize with this meal that I've only started opening up his palate with Philly food, and that he is ready for more.What a Philadelphia Treaure
This place is like a time machine and the patrons seemed to come from central casting from a bad mafia movie.  If you are interested in people watching, this place is a treasure.  If you are interested in old school first class Italian food, without being pretensious, this place is for you.  
Amazing place.Excellent service and great pasta! I loved the Fettuccini with Spinach. The ambience was great and the accommodations for a big group was easily made. Would definitely recommend!Great authentic Italian meal! Definitely order the caprese as an starter. The fettuccini filetto was also delicious. went with a group and seemed that all entrees were top notch.The BEST meal I have ever had in my life!!! Rigatoni Carbonara and the Tiramisu. Oh and the balsamic with the bread- yum. 
This was a great restaurant and good service! I can't wait to be back in this amazing city!!Was there in n early October 2013.  First impression was good.  The owner was in the lobby to greet visitors, told me the hostess ( OK,  you fascist liberals, yell at me because I didn't use the politically correct word for "hostess" ) would be right with us and she was.  Very gracious lady, I did not have a reservation, but she seated me on a busy Saturday night.  The room we were seated in was beautiful.  Polished floors, white linens on the tables, very nicely done lighting on the perimeter of the room.  Great ambiance.  Old-school Italian elegance.  Service was absolutely phenomenal.  There were 3 people watching my table - server, busboy, another person to bring bread and water.  I'm all about service, if you've read my other reviews, and this place is EXEMPLARY.   Even if they had served me TastyKakes  and Twinkies, I would have given them a great review because of the service.  Now the food:  Had veal braciole. Absolutely  tasty beyond belief.  I got a portion of two bracioles, plus the pasta.  The salad was freshly made, came out very crisp.  No brown-edged lettuce in this place.  Portion size is good, I couldn't eat it all, had to leave some on the table, and I can eat.  A word about their gravy ( or "sauce" for you superior people from New York ).  This is a darker gravy, one that is cooked down for a long time.  It is not burned, it is just cooked longer and gets dark.  There's nothing wrong with it, it's just a different style of gravy.  It tasted really good.   Don't bother looking for a parking spot in this neighborhood, you'd have better luck trying to get a date with Sophia Vergara.  Use whatever valet service or parking lot is in the neighborhood.    Full bar service.  Which makes the Irishmen in the family very happy.  Hope you enjoy your visit. Very traditional southern Italian cooking, and I would say their menu is very consistent with what I used to see when I lived in  Naples.The waiter was incredibly knowledgeable and well versed when it came to the menu. Food was impeccable.Phenomenal food... One of the best fettuccine Alfredo I have had and the veal parmigiana was superb.This place is awesome. I have been going here for years and I am obsessed with the food at atmosphere there is nothing like it in the city. Only complaint is its cash only but "heyyyy whatchu gonna do about it" ! this place is a must!Mamma mia! The moment I laid eyes on this corner restaurant, I knew it was a gem - it looks like Tony Soprano is inside, eating, right now. I was not surprised to read about a mob shooting that took place here a few decades back. If that doesn't add to the authenticity, I don't know what does.
And it just got better. The room was mostly full, a small dining room with pictures on the mantle and good old tunes playing quietly beneath the pleasantly noisy conversations around us. And our meal was gorgeous, not to mention delicious - great mussels, great eggplant rollatini (I usually don't like eggplant), amazing manicotti and the most beautiful plate of seafood cioppino I've ever seen. We chose from an abundant wine list, and saved room for some of the best tiramisu I've tasted in a long time.
But the service - I might go as far as to say that this was the best, most perfectly timed service I've ever had. Our waiter, a middle-aged, mustachioed fellow, never offered his name, but he did time our plates perfectly, left us alone long enough to digest, and even combed our crumbs away. The busboys and water servers were all spot on, too. They really earn their money at this place.
This place was just stellar. I look forward to knowing them well enough to ask for the non-shooting section.I will first start by remarking on the portion sizes: My brother's lasagna was so big that it broke the plate. No, you read that right. His large plate literally split down the middle with a couple more breaks around it. We had half the staff come over to observe. The owner (I believe he was) stated that he had never seen this happen before. But he was extremely nice about it and even gave us the lasagna for free. My brother had only gotten two bites out of it before they whisked it away, but he stated multiple times that God himself would have loved it. The owner gave my brother two huge meatballs to eat in the time between cooking up another one, which was really thoughtful. The second lasagna was just a tiny bit smaller and supposedly not as tasty (we speculate that it was because they had to rush the cooking), but in all honesty, I tried a piece and it was so good that the first one must have been heaven on a plate.
All that being said, the food is really really good here. You do have to wait quite a bit for the food to come out (I think around 40 mins), but I think that's why the food is so good, so I have no problem waiting.  I had the ziti with broccoli rabe and sausage. Some places do broccoli rabe poorly and others do it really well. This is somewhere leaning towards the latter. I really liked my plate and all the other plates I tasted. The carbonara looked scrumptious and my sister in law said she loved it, so I'm glad I made a good nomination. My sisters fettuccini filetto was also really good and the filet mignon was tender and delicious. My dad really enjoyed his linguine with sausage and said that the sausage was perfect. I will say that my mother's chicken was a bit dry, but all the pasta dishes were cooked almost to perfection.
However, the service was a bit slow. Our waiter would be missing for long periods of time and we often had to get others to either refill our water, get bread or other needed items, or even go get our waiter. He was really nice when he was around, but that was not often. I had to take off one star for that. But, he did do fantastically regarding the cake we brought. It was my sister's birthday. He served it with a candle and then cut up nice slices that were decorated with chocolate sauce on the plate. That was the first time that has ever happened and it was really nice.
Overall this place is quite fantastic. I think it's perfect for an intimate date or a large party. The room we were in was a bit rowdy, but the other rooms looked quieter. Perfect restaurant for some good filling Italian food. I left here quite sure that I wouldn't need to eat for the next 2 days.My twin brother who is not even from Philly and lives in Baltimore was visiting and insisted we come here. I was SO PLEASANTLY SURPRISED. I do review on yelp but I look nothing up beforehand. Frank gave us the most impeccable service. Excellent recommendations, PERFECT service (seriously even compared to Michelin star restaurants). GO GO GO GO GO. It's amazing. Food and wine list independently award winning. Xoxo enjoyCame here w/ boyfriend and family from out of town, they wanted to experience Philly Italian food.  We were all delighted with it- quiet enough to have conversations, delicious food, and good service.  We had the broccoli rabe and cesar salad for appetizer- the rabe was delicious but the cesar dressing was a little mayo-y for me.  I had the carbonara vegetarian style and it was DELICIOUS, so rich and creamy, and other dishes ordered included the eggplant parm (huge and yummy) and the gnocchi (again gigantic and yummy).  Good comfort food.Yum...felt like I walked into my grandmothers house.  The gravy has chunks of garlic.  The tilapia was the best I've tasted.  Don't miss the fresh gnocchi.  Unbelievable...Dante and Luigis is amazing! Great atmosphere, great food and service. Baked Lasagna was so delicious it was unreal!This place has possibly the best meat gravy I have ever had.  The stuffed calamari in gravy was out of this world.  Anytime I go down to Philly, I go here.  This place is a landmark.Two weeks ago, I was in town for my brother's college graduation. After the ceremony, my family and I came here for an early dinner. 
Dante & Luigi's is an old school Italian Restaurant in an unassuming building on 10th street, and we were all in heaven there... the portions were huge... the sauces were creamy... the dishes were cheesy... And we had leftovers to enjoy later!
I had rigatoni carbonara. I'm a big carbonara fan, but I've never had it with a pasta other than spaghetti. Rigatoni is my favorite type of pasta though so I was excited. It did not disappoint and was honestly just as good heated up on the stove the next night.One of the best Italian restaurants in the city. The ambiance, staff and of course the food are top notch. This is Italian as it should be in Philly.This restaurant exudes ambience!  Tables are set in several rooms of a couple 1800s homes, complete with fireplaces and what appeared to be original wallpaper.  Great wine selection at reasonable prices.  Food was flavorful and delicious.  The cannoli should not be missed.  And...if you pay in cash, you get a 10% discount!Dante & Luigi's is very South Philly and very delicious!  I didn't have trouble finding a vegan pasta dish to order, and my omnivorous boyfriend didn't have trouble helping me finish it-- in fact, he liked it better than his meaty dish.  Our drinks were excellent as well (the house white wine and a Manhattan).
We sat in the room with the bar, which had a nicer and more interesting feel to it than the restaurant-only room.  The atmosphere is charmingly old-school, but not in a contrived or nostalgic way; it seems like it just hasn't changed much over the years.  Modern feminist woman though I may be, I couldn't help but be charmed when our waiter (who was SO South Philly) referred to me as "the lady." 
I don't know how they do this, but their coffee is infinitely better than any coffee I have ever tasted.  I ordered it black because I assumed they wouldn't have soy milk.  Usually I can sort of tolerate black coffee, but I don't derive much pleasure from it.  This, however, was an entirely different coffee experience.  It was sublimely perfect coffee.  It was dream coffee.  It was smooth and velvety and pure and didn't have a single note of bitterness.  I savored every single sip, and I would have ordered a second cup but I wanted to be able to sleep that night.  It was beyond anything I've ever had at a coffee shop, let alone at a restaurant after dinner.  Unbelievable.  I hope they never open a coffee shop, because I would spend all my money there.Just had dinner here last night.  5 stars all the way around. Ambiance service food price.  Highly recommend this place. Can't wait to go back. Also you must try the ricotta cheesecakeThis is by far the freshest and best Italian food ever!  The ambiance and service was impeccable.  We started with fried calamari and caprese salad.  The fried calamari was lightly breaded and fresh.  The caprese salad was not too shabby either, fresh basil, ripe tomatoes, fresh mozzarella in a balsamic glaze.  I had the bow tie pasta with mushrooms and a basil cream sauce.   Delish! My husband raved about the angel hair with clams and wine.   My daughter had the chicken parmigiana which was a huge thin sliced breaded chicken cutlet with provolone  cheese.  This is a must see in South Philly!  An original landmark and gem that you will remember for years to come.This was the most enjoyable and delicious meal I've had in years! The service is impeccable, the food was absolutely delicious and the ambience was perfect! This was my first time there and definitely will not be the last. Authentic!!!!Highly recommend! Dinner was fantastic! We had a party of 8 plus a baby. They were super accommodating! They put us in the large secluded room. The room was beautiful with windows all around and very clean! 
For starters:
-jersey tomato salad
-stuffed calamari 
-mushrooms stuffed with crabmeat 
-mussels in red gravy 
All fantastic!! My personal favorite was the jersey tomato salad!! Mmmmm!!!! My mouth is watering just thinking about it!
For entrees:
3 of us had Romano gnocchi (BEST we've ever had) 
3 had ravioli
1 crab cakes (he said they were outstanding)
1 fettuccine with spinach cooked al dente (sooooo good)
Service was impeccable and very attentive!One of my favorite Italian Restaurants in Philly (I have MANY).  Specials are always very good, the deserts are RIDIC!  I love their Tiramisu!  Give it a try you wont be disappointed.This place is honestly a scam. I've been to the homier italian joints in and around philly (modo mio, amis, radicchio, Zeppoli) and this restaurant comes nowhere close. To start, the waiter was awfully slow with respect to the service. Girlfriend and I ordered house wine which must have been watered down because I honestly thought it tasted like distilled grape juice. Their pasta isn't homemade. I reiterate, their pasta is not homemade, it comes from a box. The bill was $100.  The only positive remark I can make about this place is that the atmosphere is quite nice and welcoming.I LOVE this place! This is my new favorite Italian spot! I was hesitant to come at first because it's the oldest Italian restaurant in the city and I thought it would be too "touristy" but it's not! The decor is elegant and it's just the right amount of sophistication. It's not stuffy and the staff are great. I had the escarole soup (amazing) and the penne ala vodka was the best vodka sauce I ever had! Highly recommend this gem! They even have valet!Went out to dinner at Dante and Luigi's tonight and had a great meal. We ate in the bar area and it was a little cold for my date but besides that the food was great. Also having a valet in the city is always a plus. A really nice date place my date loved the decor.If there is better in Philly I haven't been there! Everything was great. Clam appetizer, veal brassiole out of this world! There is no take out available so order some and have them put it in a box for trip home.
All the traditional Italian specialties done very well but the Lasagna is fabulous. All topped with traditional tomato "gravy"!I'm ashamed to say after living near the Italian market for well over a year and today is the first time I've eaten Italian there. After reading some reviews decided to go here. It was early so very quiet but not uncomfortably so. Got the stuffed calamari app which came in a red sauce so good that I could have drank it! I got the linguini with steak and mushroom which was amazing. I did not want to stop eating. The boy got Farfalle In a mushroom cream sauce which was also excellent. Attentive bus boys brought water and extra bread for dipping, waiter was pretty good although I wish he had taken more time to tell specials. After hearing another waiter describe the specials I realized our waiter didn't do them justice. Best Italian I've had in the city. Cant wait to go again :)Hear ye, Hear ye. I have discovered the best penne alla vodka in Philadelphia!
It happened on a Friday evening at Dante and Luigi's. We had reservations for two at 7pm, but didn't necessarily need them because there were several open tables. Compared to Ralph's and Villa di Roma, D&L's is a more upscale environment. No tile here, it's more like a formal living or dining room. We were seated in the front of the restaurant close to the swinging doors of the kitchen (fun to watch the comings and goings). We started off with some very tasty fried calamari and couldn't get enough of the fresh bread and olive oil. I had a glass of some Napa Valley Rose which was really good. Dining Partner had the Veal Parmesean as his entree and I had creamy vodka sauce smothered over al dente penne. The sauce was so creamy and full of pancetta I immediately asked if they sold it. Unfortunately they only sell their marinara, I was devastated to say the least. There was no room for dessert, but we left happy as can be.At last, my love has come along. Days of mediocre Italian food are over. Dante and Luigi can do no wrong. 
Ahem- sorry- was I singing? My bad. 
First of all, I'm pretty sure my grandmother is working in their kitchen. Never in my life have I had Escarole soup (AKA Italian Wedding Soup for you non-Italians) SO insanely identical in taste to my grandmother's I had to have a chat with her about it. She just laughed at me when I confronted her which leads me to believe she has a side job at 87 years young. 
Everything was just absolutely delicious. I highly recommend this place if you enjoy real authentic Italian food.Our server was very attentive and gave great recommendations. All the food was noticeably fresh and tasted delicious. We really enjoyed the ambiance and will definitely be returning. Also, I highly recommend trying the Penne Ala Vodka, the sauce was incredible!Probably more like a 3 1/2 - but anyway... 
First impressions are important - the valet was totally overwhelmed and inept to boot. I can only imagine where this guy parked our car... I should have just found a spot myself. 
there are at least 4 dining rooms, 2 are dark brown and 2 are white (1 of the white has a bar) - decor was nice enough; especially in the room we sat in. a fireplace etc, big windows. nice 
Waiter was good, but a little short - and he miscalculated our tab - a big no no... 
Note that I wasn't crazy about the bread and they didn't bring butter. Hey look, I'm Italian American and so is this place! bring me some freaking butter!! enough with this olive oil business - my Grandparents NEVER did that olive oil thing... but I digress 
Our appetizers were excellent. I had something simple: proscuitto, olives and provolone. all very fresh and top quality. My wife had a dynamite steamed clams in broth. Really very good, in fact it was great. 
For dinner I had the special which I can't remember the name of, but it's thick spaghetti with a veal ragu. I loved it. 
Wife had a pappardelle with tomatoes and basil in white wine. It tasted good anyway -- but they forgot the basil!! 
For dessert had the ricotta cannoli which was different and good. Wife had a lemon sorbet... 
A few easily correctable mistakes brings this place into 4 or 5 starsHad a great meal here. I am picky about Italian food and this was right on par. The bracoli was so good and their gravy tasted so good just like my mothers. Can't wait to go back again. The service was top notch too.The food and service are fantastic!  Best Italian in the city!  We have been there for both lunch and dinner and can't wait to go back.  It is our new go to place for special occasions.
The only reason I dropped a star is the valet service.  They don't come over and open your door or even acknowledge you are there.Most recent meal was a major let down.  On a quiet weekend evening, they tried to stick our party of 7 next to the kitchen door.  When we insisted on moving to a lower traffic/noise location in the restaurant, the response was less than gracious.   This set the tone for surly service that persisted throughout the meal.  The food was also far below the standard we have come to expect from D&L's.  My sausage cacciatore was bland and greasy.  A couple of  better dishes around the table broke the otherwise complete sense of disappointment.  One couple we were reintroducing to one of our favorite spots won't be going back. Maybe summertime vacation schedules are to blame?  Hope so....I went on my anniversary and can't wait to go back. What a great date, closed out with a bottle of wine and two platters + appetizer under a hundred. What guy could really complain, none. Nevertheless, the food was excellent. We had an eggplant rollatini appetizer which was good. I had the homemade ricotta gnocchi excellent and my girlfriend had something remarkable the veal bologonese.Would probably go 3 1/2. Service is good, food was good, but wines by the glass aren't great. I don't mind paying for a nice wine by the glass, but maybe people that go here aren't that particular. The Merlot is ok, but the Pinot Grigio is not good, nor is the Chianti.
That said, the veal was fork tender and the sauces were nice.
Saltimbocca was done differently than most Italian restaurants I've been to, but it was tasty.
Outside of the wines by the glass, the rum cake was devoid of rum and seemed more like Tiramisu.
Everyone was friendly and attentive.
Valet parking is $8 and on a weekend you will need the valet, even though he has the personality of a badger in heat.
They take credit cards but add 3% to the bill to do so. Might go back, but like some of the BYO's in the same area just as much.
Some people say it's fancy. ??? Try La famiglia if you want fancy, cause this is not fancy.Situated on a small street in Philly.  Best to used the Valet $10 parking or you will waste $20 worth of gas looking for parking in that area.
The building looks as if it were a old Philadelphia house. Because you feel like your in the huge living room with the fire place.
The staff professionally dressed in Black and White. My waiter took the time to answer all our questions and he was on point with knowing what was in the dishes we questioned him about. He was very attentive and polite in every way. 
This place is good if your looking for a good meal or as a romantic place to take a special someone. The Italian classical music in the air was a good touch to the place. 
I would recommend yelp'ers to try this place. I do not think you will be disappointed in any way trying this place out. 
thanks Yelp for another nice place to try.Great spot if you're lookin to satisfy that seafood fra diavolo craving! Great food, great atmosphere, great service. Place has been around for over 100 years!Now on my third visit of this beautiful restaurant and each experience has been satisfying and great!! Ordered the chicken parm for the first time and was super impressed- it's pounded thin and has crispy cheesy edges all over- we devoured it and I would kill to have it again for lunch today (no leftovers though, not ever). Also ordered a very moderately priced and extremely drinkable bottle of Pinot Noir off the wine list which I was quite happy with. Great coffee and tiramisu. This is such a beautiful friendly place, especially for a date or a special occasion. Thanks again guys!!Came here tonight with my two girl friends to celebrate of their birthdays it was my first time here and this place definitely lived up to its name. The portion were decent size I ended up taking 1/2 my meal home. We start off with the calamari for appetizer. I had the veal Parm for my entree and we all shared a tiramisu for dessert. I think I just found my favorite Italian restaurant in south philly.I love the decor of this place. You can tell it is old and Italian without it being overdone. The food is just plain delicious and I enjoyed everything I ordered. I started with a house dinner salad that you dress yourself with olive oil and vinegar that is at the table. My only complaint with the salad is that they put olives on it that have pits. Kind of an unpleasant surprise you bite right into it. We ordered the stuffed calamari which comes in a nice marinara sauce. I can't remember exactly what it is stuffed with but contains various seafoods. Altogether with the sauce it is really great. 
For dinner I ordered the risotto with clams, shrimp and mushrooms. I had never had risotto before and this one had a bit of tomato sauce mixed in. It was very tasty with the large shrimp and mushrooms mixed in. The clams are served on the bottom so the risotto is almost stuffed inside of them. I had to kind of scrape the risotto out along with the clam meat to enjoy it. I think I would have liked it better if the clams were just on top.
Our waiter must have forgotten about us because after we sat down we didn't order drinks until about fifteen minutes later. He kept coming in the room and looked at our table but didn't come over. Our food also took a while to come out so it was about a two hour meal.The food is delisous and prices are good. The waiters are kind of snoty and make you feel stupid if you aren't Italian. The tables and seats are very small, the table is really cramped once you get your food.This is the real deal when it comes to Italian food -- simply the best and not to be missed on your next trip to Philly.  
Very traditional, yet tasty Italian fare -- try the Manicotti or the Ziti & Sausage.I love this place. We go there nearly every year for my grandmother's birthday and like Paige W, it is the restaurant that I picked for my boyfriend's parents and my mom to first meet each other. The food is reliable, filling anfd delicious. They make one of the very few lasagnes that I will eat not prepared by a member of my family, and I look forward to it. The lamb stew is delicious as well, as are the canneloni and the sweetbreads. People with developed palates and people with no tastebuds both enjoy D&L's.Very reasonable prices at this Classic Italian restaurant. The fluffy gnocchi Romano had a wonderful sauce and a hefty portion. The bolognese stuck to the spaghetti and taste of triple meats danced on the tongue. The caprese salad packed a surprising amount of flavor and highlighted the fresh mozzarella. 
We were very lucky to walk in on a snowy night without reservations and a bit under dressed. I am glad they found a table for us in a more casual corner of the restaurant - fantastic experience.Well I can certainly confirm that Philadelphia does Italian food a whole lot better than most cities (St. Louis, I'm talking to you).
I wanted a real old school Italian experience and after seeing this place on several Best Of lists as well as learning it had been around since 1899, my mind was basically made up. 
Walking in was quite interesting. Seeing numerous small rooms made me feel like I was eating in someone's house. The lighting was kept very low, it was tough to take good pictures. 
Billy was a very friendly and engaging server, very knowledgeable too. As far as the menu goes, I was surprised that there were no steaks available. For an app, we started with sauteed calamari. The marinara sauce was fantastic with that hint of seafood flavor along with a touch of spice. Eating that sauce after dipping their Italian bread in it was a delightful experience. But I'm sorry, calamari is just better deep fried. 
My entree was a special of the evening: thick fettuccini with spicy marinara and a seafood medley that included lobster and shrimp. The pasta was all dente and the marinara held to the pasta effectively. I usually like a little more of a sear on shellfish though.
Also I got a side of meat for $14, one meatball, one sausage, one braciole. The sausage was easily the highlight of the plate, tender and juicy. Didn't even need a knife to cut it. The meatball was alright, but nothing I'll remember a year from now.
I enjoyed my evening. It wasn't perfect at times, but they do a lot of things well. And to be in business for 120 years in a competitive market, the food has to stand out and it does.Probably my favorite Italian in Philly.  Not a BYO, but the delicious food, like-home dining area (not crowded or loud), and awesome waitstaff make it worth it!  Perciatelli Genovese is awesome!This place was amazing!  The atmosphere was definitely old American Italian, not like grandmom's house but more like the local fancy banquet hall the family would rent for a big occasion.  The food was exactly what you would want walking into an authentic Italian restaurant.  Some really basic items as well as fancier items.  Lots of classic pasta dishes... Sooo good.  Can't wait to go back!LOVE the GRAVY...we Italian's do NOT call it sauce! What took me so long to get to this place?! I've lived in Philly my entire life of 33 years and came here for the first time October 19, 2013...I wish I've been eating here my entire life! 
4.75 Stars for Dante & Luigi's
First, the minor reasons I am not giving a full 5 Stars:
1. In my opinion I felt the bread service did not live up to it's hype  
2. Although the service was prompt, efficient, very well timed and knowledgeable, It seemed as if our server was somewhat annoyed and almost impatient at times 
What we LOVE LOVE LOVED:
1. Excellent, very reasonably priced wine list
2. Outstanding Apps! Adored the Eggplant Rollantini, the Fried Calamari melts in your mouth and the Caesar salad was one of the best we ever had
3.  All of the entres were mouthwatering, FRESH and created with Italian love! 
Standouts from our meal are:
***The Veal Bracciole! Be sure to have this! Its outstanding!***
***The Gnocchi Romano is simply decadent! The Roseatta Sauce has the perfect amount of cream and balance of cheese in the gnocchi is just the right***
***According to my very high standards for a meatball...they are done right!  I usually never enjoy a meatball in a restaurant being that my 100% Italian Family makes the best gravy & meatballs; however, Dante & Luigi's meatballs are definitely a close second.**
***All we can say about the Wide Ribbon Pasta w/lump crabmeat is WOW!***
4. Do NOT skip Dessert! The Italian Cream Cake w/Rum is truly devine and worth every single calorie. I have no words for how good this was! 
5. The valet is another bonus :)I love, love, love this place. I am sure there are some better Italian restaurants in Philly but this one is a great pic for price and quality. I think their veal is as good as you can get and everything you get is authentic and well made. I love their pasta and their Italian gravy is delicious. I have taken many who grew up in homes where mom was one of the best Italian cooks they knew and they were impressed by the quality.Dante and Luigi's was unbelievably good! This was the best Italian food and the best service I've had at an Italian restaurant in a long time. The host went above and beyond to make sure that our experience was great.  There were six people in my party and every single person left the restaurant raving about how good the food was. If you want an exceptional Italian meal in Philadelphia and exceptional service, head to Dante and Luigi's!I knew all the history with this place and so I was excited, but it lived up to the hype. Great food, great service, great atmosphere. What's not to like? I had the chicken parm which was flattened and came with real gravy. The calamari appetizer was good and even the dessert was great. I would recommend bringing cash because even though it's affordable, you save extra money by paying in cash.I think it's an old school Italian Restaurant, the food is expensive but a perfect place for a date, or birthday dinner. If you like veal parm don't hesitate to order it.Went here for dinner on a Friday night with a group of 9. We had excellent service and the food was AMAZING. The staff was friendly, attentive and accommodating.I've passed by this restaurant a number of times, and finally was able to visit for lunch. It might not look it from the outside, but the rooms are beautiful on the inside. Food was good, I enjoyed the penne with broccoli rabe and sausage I had as my lunch entree. Service was attentive, and the prices were reasonable. Would certainly come back soon.Seriously good, seriously old world Italian food. 
This restaurant was recommended to me before my first visit to Philly. This isn't a trendy restaurant by any means, but it's a classic and obviously proud of its history. On a Saturday night, most of the other patrons were older couples dressed very nicely. There's no official dress code, but slacks and dresses seem to be the unspoken way of things. Do not show up dressed in a Star Wars t-shirt; I speak from experiencr. 
The food is classic Italian. Meaty sauces, al dente pastas, spicy peppers and lovely cuts of veal. Portions are huge, but somehow you will end up with an empty plate. Entrees run between  $18 and $25, which was a fantastic value. You won't think there's room for dessert, but there is! Just cowboy up and order the fluffy tiramisu or some ice cream.Food was excellent as well as the dining room set up. Its a very nice restaurant with an elegent feel, clean, & well decorated. 
Our only issue we had was with our server, she was rude and gave off the attitude that they didn't want to be there at all. We felt uncomfortable asking questions about the menu because it felt as if we were inconveniencing them with our presence. This diminished our experience here.The menu is substantial and is filled with classic Italian dishes. The atmosphere is warm, welcoming, and very versatile: ideal for a first date, anniversary, business meeting, or enjoying a meal with good friends. If you have the means I highly recommend eating here once a month until you get through the entire menu. 
I read a comment that the wait staff is "snobby" and my guest and I encountered a little of that, but mid meal he warmed up to us and by the end he was very gracious. I had an excellent time here and if you do find some snobbery be cool - charm and disarm... I definitely plan on returning! Mangia Mangia!!!!Eating here is reminiscent of the elegant dining this restaurant must have offered a 100 years ago. The atmosphere is stunningly beautiful, food was delicious and the wait staff friendly, professional and attentive. My only complaint was that they were too attentive. At the time we ate, there were more waiters than tables and they stood lined up just a few yards away from our table, watching and waiting. It felt a little unnerving. All in all, though, a very good meal.The food here is excellent.    On our last visit we brought some out-of-towners and they left stuffed.   The service is always top notch and on the last visit, our waiter was funny, knowledgeable, and happy to explain anything.    There were however, some weird black marks on the white tablecloth left over from some sooty fuzzy things that were on the table when we got there.    Kind of gross.   Also, several staff members are usually smoking outside and twice I saw them open their cigarette pack and throw the cellophane wrapper into the street.   Not cool.Classic old-school Italian restaurant.  Can't beat it.  All 4 of us had great dinners.  I had linguine with clams and white sauce, which is one of my barometers for an Italian restaurant.  Most of the rest had seafood I think, and all were excellent.  We had a good bottle of wine.  Our waiter was very knowledgeable, professional, and helpful.
Little note:  3% surcharge for using a credit card.We went to Dante & Luigi's after reading the reviews on Yelp.  We were not let down!
The staff was very accommodating.  They even called us a cab when our meal was over.
The portions, as everyone has said, were huge.  The veal was good and I really liked the meat gravy.  My wife ordered the special.  The seafood was perfect and the marinara sauce was amazing.  For the portion sizings and overall ambiance, the price was very fair.
We would recommend this place to anyone traveling to Philly.  Just make sure to dress at least business casual.  I was the only person wearing jeans in the place.My new favorite restaurant.  I really liked the sun-filled room as soon as I walked in.  Tried the bread-perfetto.  It didn't even need butter because it was so tasty (salted).  I had the crab-stuffed mushroom. Out of this world-fresh and sweet crab of about 3 inches high.  Then I had the filet with cognac/cream sauce.  Great meat, great sauce.  My companions had the excellent veal in hot pepper sauce, and the calamari in a wonderful marinara.  I'm a. Sicilian, b. a New Yorker, c. a foodie.  We also had the cream cake and the Tiramisu.  Great renditions, homemade.This place is now in my top three!  And the charming Angel, our waitress, and the handsome young man with the yellow eyes(busboy?) made our meal complete.  They even labelled our leftovers and wrapped the styro containers with saran wrap.  Wow!
Don't bother with Ralph's down the street-it's a tourist trap. This place is the real deal!If I could give this restaurant 10 stars, I would. I am so biased when it comes to Italian restaurants and almost never impressed at all but that definitely isn't the case now. Me and the bf went here for a nice dinner after a day in Philly. We were seated earlier than our reservation and greeted warmly. Our server was great. Informed us of the specials and took our drink order. The servers were helping each other all night, so we were never wanting anything. Our silverware was replaced and our water was always full. I ordered a super dirty martini and it was made really well. So good that I got another. My bf got a glass of red wine that he seemed to enjoy. They brought bread to our table and that was used to sop up the gravy that came w the stuffed calamari we ordered, which was awesome. So fresh and seasoned perfectly. I was amazed. Then our dinners arrived. I got the seafood cioppino - O. M. G. that was incredible. I was so happy eating this. It really made my night. It tasted so good. My bf loved it too. He got the steak filet w mushrooms over pasta. He liked his meal but he def loved mine more. I want to go back right now just for the cioppino. We also ordered the italian rum cake. That was amazing as well. There wasn't a thing to complain about regarding food or service. The only thing I will mention is that I saw several signs stating if you pay your entire bill with cash, they take %5 off the total bill and that wasn't done for our check. I'd still go back regardless. Get the cioppino!!I love this place. The vegetable lasagna special and pork chop Milanese are fantastic. The service is always very friendly and charming without being intrusive. The drink specials are spot on and I have yet to be there with anyone who has been less than impressed with the evening. My only caveat is to pay attention if parking your own car, PPA lays in wait....don't tempt a minute over 2 hours.Food was good however VERY awkward waiters. Constantly trying to get is to order appetizers and drinks. Our waiter looked like he had just received news that he was soon to die when we said no to dessert. Another one of the waiters looked like a serial killer (you'll know who I'm talking about). Last, there is a young boy who gives out cheese and bread and looks like his girlfriend just dumped him. Absolutely dreadful dining experience.I came in from New York for the weekend and searched for an Italian restaurant, was recommended Dante and Luigi's. 
I have to tell you that Dante and Luigi's stands up to and 5!star restaurant that I have been to in the Bronx, NYC and Westchester. 
The Osso Buco was the best I had, my girlfriends ciopinno was off the charts. Quality and fresh  food. 
The service was impeccable and ambiance was pleasant. Definitely a keeper!!!!  Don't miss out on this gem.Said to be the 4th oldest Italian restaurant in the United States. That's pretty cool in itself.
The ambiance gives off the feeling that it is indeed an "old school" Italian joint. Though the restaurant has an older feel, it doesn't feel stuffy (like La Famiglia in Old City). Definitely not modern either. 
The prices are incredibly affordable compared to other Italian restaurants in the city. Most of the pasta dishes are about $13 - $20. There is a very extensive selection of pastas and wine.
We had the Caesar salad (solid 7.5/10), penne alla vodka (extremely good 8.0/10), pasta carbonara (very hearty 9.0/10), and the cannoli (great homemade filling but the shell was a bit too hard (7.0/10). Overall, a great experience. The portions were large, the food was incredible, and the prices were fantastic. 
The service was great. Our server, Paul, was full of interesting information about the restaurant, the neighborhood, and the typical clientele.
We will be back again.Solid dishes. The gnocchi with blush sauce was delicious.  The dining area was visually appealing compared to some other South Philly Italian restaurants.  Very nice place.  The waiter we had was amazing, as well.  Very courteous and polite.  We went during a rain storm and entered drenched and soaking and not once were judged for our wet and soggy clothing.  We felt very comfortable there and will be returning in the very near future.The "heart of baby calf" was disconcerting, but this place is the real deal. It was yummy!!!  Everyone was happy, and end with the tiramisu!!!!  The wine with the meal was pleasant, and the ambiance was ideal for quiet conversation.  The staff was incredibly helpful in explaining the menu and keeping us satisfied throughout the meal.  Topping off the meal with coffee drinks made the evening memorable.After another thwarted attempt at getting into Ralph's for a last-minute dinner (I always forget how small that place is), my date and I strolled around the block to Dante & Luigi's.  The place wasn't too busy and we were seated right away.  The veal saltimbocca in sherry sauce was exactly what I needed (along with a glass of wine). The veal parm was bigger than my head!
The service was friendly, the seating was spacious and I enjoyed the Van Gogh replicas adorning the walls. It was unassuming, yet classy, and I'm happy to have added a new place on my list for date nights. It's easy to walk to from center city, but they do offer valet Friday & Saturday nights.I requested that my friend take me to a good ole Italian restaurant.  I miss good Italian food soooo much!!!!   When I walked in I knew I was in the right place.  The place was homey and not too decorative.  Everyone in the kitchen was Italian and a table next to us spoke about "gravy" for at least 30 minutes.  What hit it out of the park for me was the home-made cannolis!!!  Yeah this place was awesome. It's my favorite dessert of all time, ALL TIME!   I also got the arrabiata fusilli lunghi seafood special.  It was fantastic!  Our waiter Paul was on the money and incredibly helpful.  I will definitely be back, I want the meatballs and gravy.  I'm actually salivating while typing this.  Happy place, happy place.I loved everything about this place.
My girlfriend's parents have been going here for years, so she suggested we go for a date. I don't eat a lot of pasta, and so most Italian restaurants aren't for me, but I couldn't have been happier with her choice.
Both the food and service were outstanding from start to finish. We had the caprese salad and veal bracciole to start, followed by lamb stew and gnocchi, with cannoli and cheesecake for dessert.
The caprese was presented uniquely compared to what I'd seen before -  a tower of alternating tomato and mozzarella, with a giant basil leaf on top. And of course drizzled with oil & vinegar.
The bracciole was cooked to perfection - it's listed with the sides, not the appetizers, but it was just the right way to start the meal.
My lamb stew was HEARTY. I'm not the kind of guy who gets a to-go box -- more the kind who eats my dinner and then says "you gonna finish that?" -- but I couldn't get more than about 2/3 through the stew before giving up (not for lack of wanting to continue!).
My girlfriend had the gnocchi, which is one pasta I do like - when it's done right. This one was as good as I've ever had. The waiter explained that rather than potato, their gnocchi is stuffed only with cheese. It was fantastic... not quite enough to make me regret my choice of the stew, but close.
We finished with a cannoli and a ricotta cheesecake (I should mention here that the waiter was a heckuva salesman - I had zero business ordering anything else, as full as I was). Like the rest of the meal, both were done just right.
The only bad part? I put the leftovers in my girlfriend's fridge, but before my next visit, everything was gone (I think it lasted one meal).
We'll be back - and next time, the leftovers are mine.
(I saw a few comments about it being hard to find parking at times, but we went during the middle of the week, so that wasn't an issue.)Great food - wish I had gone earlier.  It is a great atmosphere and especially great if someone wants authentic Italian food and a great atmosphere.  The pasta is great, apps especially, old thing I didn't like was the liver.  Great date or romantic spot - several rooms that all have a different Italian home feel.  Counsel wear jeans and a nice shirt or dress up and not feel over dressed.  Def eat here at least once - ask the waiter to recommend something that he would eat.Lovely restaurant.
The lady at the front (it seemed like she was right at home here) was very sweet and made me feel right at home as well.  When I told her that some of our party of 6 (driving in from Jersey) had run into traffic and would be late, she smiled and said it was no problem.
Many of the past reviews mentioned impolite waiters, but I wanted to walk in without any bias on the matter.  The waiter was very sweet, even splitting the check for each couple.  However, we got the impression they wanted us out of here very quickly and made us feel somewhat uncomfortable.  Perhaps they're not used to having guests younger than 30.  Perhaps they were annoyed that we didn't order any wine.  Overall the atmosphere is very nice and homelike.  Great for an date!
There were some people in suits, but there were others in tshirts and jeans (multiple groups actually)  Not sure if they underdressed or this is how the customers usually dress.  The inside of the restaurant and the fact that they have valet parking ($10) make me think it's too classy for tshirts and jeans. The boyfriend and I took the train/walked so we didn't need to use the valet, but the man running it seemed like a sweetheart.
The waiter started off by giving us a rundown of the soups, fish, and specials of the day.  He was also happy to give a recommendation to those who were unsure of what to order (will get into the actual food in a bit).  They gave us fresh bread (and bottles of balsamic vinegar and olive oil), giving us more as soon as it was almost gone, which was nice and shows how attentive they were.  
Appetizers:
Eggplant Parmagiana: delicious, with chunks of actual tomato and not too salty like some Marinara that I've had.  Eggplant very nicely cooked.
Fried Calamari: very good for the first few bites, but a bit too greasy after a while to finish.  Squid was very thinly sliced, and breading was also thin.
Stuffed Portobello Mushroom with Crabmeat: A bit difficult to share as crabmeat tends to fall apart easily.  My friend said that it was good but there was more mushroom than crab.
Entrees:
Perciatelli Genovese: This is what I got.  The sauce was very creamy and tasty (lots of meat!) but the pasta was a bit too thick for my liking and was a bit difficult to eat.  Big portions! Took the rest home because I was just so full.
Fettucini Filetto: YUM. They don't skim on the meat in this one.
Veal...not sure but I think it was the "T-Bone" Veal Chop: friend enjoyed it
Gnocchi Romano (?): now, this was the recommendation of the waiter.  My friend isn't into very doughy pastas, so she did not like this at all.  The sauce, however, was very good with the bread.  It's a bit unfortunate that it wasn't to her liking.  Said it tasted like mac-n-cheese
Desserts: YUM. Great presentation
Dark side of the moon: This is what the boyfriend and I got because he loves chocolate.  Very good choice on his part.  The icing was dark chocolate so it wasn't disgustingly sweet like some icings you eat.  Fluffy and nice, just the right amount of of sweetness to end the meal on a good note.
Lemon Sorbet: Large glass, no outspoken praises or complaints from the couple who got this
Ricotta Cheese Cake: Apparently more batter-y and cake like than cheese creamy, somewhat like the cheese cakes you would get at Chinatown.
Next time, will definitely try the rum cake and tiramisu.  Was far too full for that though!   
Also, don't forget to bring cash or a check! (3.5% charge for using a credit card)We were in town looking for apartments and walk by this place to the Italian market for coffee. Since the SO is a big fan of Italian food, we came back in the late after noon for a bite. They were gracious and served us even though it was really late. We had two appetizers and both are amazing. Two appetizer fill us up real good. The house wine was decent. 
Came back again for dinner next day. Knowing now that portions are large in this town, we order just an appetizer and osso bucco. Well, the food was excellent, but again we can't finish. What is with these huge portions? Or is it expected that you have leftover to take home for lunch the next day? 
We will be coming back often when we move here.The pasta here is delicious. I had a special with homemade pasta. It is a very good authentic Italian place. This place has been around for a very long time. The decor is also nice and it would be a good date spot.Came here for one of those things called an anniversary.  Made a reservation by calling, I know, I know, weird, I had to talk to a person and everything, but whoever was on the phone was super nice.
So, what did we order, fried calamari, sauteed (stuffed) calamari, seafood cioppino, seafood risotto and tiramisu.
The fried calamari was good, until you had the sauteed calamari, then the fried calamari wasn't as good. How does this happen, you ask.  I'm glad you asked that question, the calamari at this place was really good, so the breading made it not as good, because you just tasted breading and not the calamari.  Also, note that the calamari was nice and tender, a lot of places tend to overcook calamari and then it's kinda rubbery, not this place! 
The sauteed (stuffed) calamari had crab in it, but, it really didn't need the crab, the calamari sauteed in a red sauce, was amazing, so tender, also pro tip: makes an awesome dip for the bread that comes with the table.
Both the cioppino and risotto were pretty good, lots of seafood and super filling.
The tiramisu!!! Yum, that is all.This was a traditional style Italian Restaurant. The decor was very pleasant, the waitstaff was very attentive.  We came in early on a Saturday night -- around 5:00, to avoid any kind of a wait since we didn't have a reservation, being on vacation.  The "by the glass" wine choices are very limited and very basic table wine. I would skip it next time.  We ordered the Escarole soup and Pasta Fagioli - both were good -- large portions.  For entrees we had veal parm and veal saltimbocca. The gravy on the veal parm was very dark and had a paste consistency and heavy flavor. Not to my liking. The saltimbocca was very thin and tender and tasty. I missed the sage flavor though -- a little too subtle. The marinara on the pasta sides was absolutely delicious. Overall a nice meal.Went for dinner here on Saturday night with 8 people.  We tried a variety of the appetizers, all of which were delicious!!  The entrees were out of this world.  Well, maybe not that far...just out of this COUNTRY!!!  It was like being in Italy.  I have eaten in many Italian restaurants and none have come close to this. 
     The service was outstanding, and we were a loud and obnoxious group.  We kept asking for more sharing plates because all 8 of us were passing our plates for the others to taste.  The veal parm was crispy, yet tender.  The parpadelli pasta with jumbo lump crabmeat and cherry tomatoes was delectable!  We needed more bread at the end of the meal in order to sop up the last bits of flavor.  Oh and the Bronzino special was sooooo good!   
     One thing I loved was the valet parking, which is available EVERY night of the week.  And not for the typical center city $18.00 price tag;  $8:00 and we were in!  I didn't have to fight for a spot or squeeze spot that I would get my bumpers scratched up on. 
     Oh and how could I forget the desserts.  All homemade, and you could tell.  The ricotta cheese cheese cake blew my diet!!  The cannoli was so delicious.  The very best of all was the Italian rum cake.  It was done with rich vanilla and chocolate cream filling that made us all feel like rolling home.  The whole experience from being seated by a very sweet woman who claimed to have 7 grandchildren (don't believe it, working must keep her young looking) to the end of the meal, when my car was a 2 minute wait, was a delight!!  
     We'll definitely be back!!  Hopefully sooner, rather than later.We had such a pleasant experience this evening. We had 6:45 reservations and they took us in immediately. Our host was friendly as was the entire team. They were always on hand, waiting to answer a question or help out in any way. Frank was our waiter and he was simply awesome. Frank was super friendly and fast. He made sure my water glass was full at all times and that our bread basket kept on coming. He recommended the pasta Bolognese which was excellent. The food was delicious. Loved the caprese salad. Will def be back! The restaurant was perfect - spacious yet intimate. Will def be back!Came to Dante & Luigi's because I was with a group of friends in South Philly to see the Miracle on South 13th holiday lights display. It seemed to be a local landmark and was in an old building which had a lot of character. They offer tons of old school Italian pasta dishes, seafood and steak options. The prices are a little on the high end for the quality, but the service is great. The Tiramisu is a must for dessert! If you want a 10% discount off your bill, pay in cash!First off i'll start with that the food here was delicious!  Great italian food and the service was great.  Pretty easy to find and inside has a very nice relaxed feel to it.  All the good we ordered was great.  The lasagna was huge and tasted great.  Only negative is that parking is hard to find they have valet for 10 dollars which is prob your best bet.  Enjoy!Delightful ambiance and solicitous service, but the food was expensive and unremarkable. 
One of the appetizers had artichokes and eggplant. The chokes were the watery canned type. All red sauced dishes seemed to come from the same vat of generic red sauce. This is Italian circa 1960 maybe. 
Many enticing menu items, but executed by a high school cafeteria kitchen, and then served with flair.
Very expensive
Very disappointingWe wanted to try the old school places in the Bella Vista neighbotghood we stayed in. 10pm on a rainy Saturday night during a weekend visit to Philly we went for a light late dinner at Dante & Luigi's/
- The waiter was not very attentive or friendly. 
- There were two dining rooms, we sat in the more updated one which
  had a romantic atmosphere.
- We started with the Eggplant Rolitini- The ricotta stuffing was creamy  
  & Delicious & the sauce was tasty but the middle was cold... big
  downer since the warm edges of this dish tasted really good. 
- For our main we split the Gnocchi Romano (Homemade with Ricotta &
  Romano Cheeses in a creamy Rosetta Sauce). The sauce was good
  but some of the outside of gnocchi's were a little gummy.
Being from NYC we're picky about our pasta but we really expected better from Dante and Luigi's.5 stars, 5 stars, 5 stars. My wife and I wanted to go ti an old fashion, white table cloth, Italian owned family restaurant. This was the place. Not a far walk/drive from art avenue in Philly, this amazing restaurant stands in a neighborhood corner. All pasta dishes are made fresh, and the sauces are to die for. I got the veal meat sauce with a mix of tomato and cream sauce. So fresh, so flavorful. Sauce was smooth, not an acidic marinara by any means. I ended up eating the sauce by spoon full. My wife ordered the fettuccini Alfredo with spinach. She may have had the slight advantage as the creamy sauce on that dish was good enough to dip my bread. Worth every penny, and the portions are HUGE! Enough to share if you get an appetizer as well (highly recommend their Caprese salad)i cant imagine why anyone would have anything but great reviews for dante and luigi's. its all about the food! me and mom always go together and one gets seafood the other a veal and we share.i could never really imagine ordering spagehtti and meatballs at a resturant but its def allowed at D&L's on the rare occasion my 12 yr old tags along we're lucky enough to have some as she usuallys ordersthat or the ravioli .although its the best ive ever had i sttill cant bring myslef to order somthing so simple at such a nice place with such an interesting menu. and DEFINATELY  save room for desert!!!! i've been a long time fan of theyre tiramisu and italian creme rum cake mmm my mom always gets one i get the other,then we split....but when we brought my daughter we could throw an xtra desrt int he mix so i tried the lemon cheese pie oooo lord it was darn near triple xxx rated and its a must try! every item on the desert menu should become part of any foodies bucket listWe split a bottle of Italian Pinot Noir, which was recommended by our waiter. We ordered a special, which was fettuccine with scallops and shrimp in rose sauce. The shrimp and scallops were huge and the portion was nice. I had the spaghetti with clams in marinara sauce. Excellent portion and very tasty. I would recommend a visit if you have not been in awhile.Great neighborhood restaurant, provides quality Italian food at reasonable prices.  I will definitely be back!South Philly staple, the food was good and so was the service. I had the spaghetti and meatballs as it was one of their signature dishes. It was good but not a place I would go out of my way to go back to.You should eat here!  I went with the family over the holiday weekend and we all completely enjoyed ourselves.  The food was totally delicious - there were so many enticing options we had a hard time picking just one thing to order!  The portions were spot on and the service was impeccable.  The timing of the meal went perfectly as well - we were not rushed, nor did we sit for too long between courses.  We will definitely be coming back!Unreal. This was a recommendation from a local friend and it did not disappoint. The best Italian around for sure. Waitstaff was super friendly and the food was amazing. Highly recommend.5 Stars. Nothing less. The place was beautiful, the service was excellent, and I had the best lasagna in my entire life. I will definitely come back hereLife long South Philly resident.  I'm Italian/American & know good & really good Italian food-
OK- Here we go-  just had a craving for some fresh ravioli in marinara sauce  ("gravy" )-
That's it---nothing fancy-
Now, let me tell you-  went to my fav Italian restaurant...in the entire USA...(Yes..I HAVE been to the "others"...from...New York, Beverly Hills...others here in Philly  & NOT one Italian restaurant....comes close to Dante & Luigis...!
Their sauce  ("Gravy")  is in a class...all its own---!  I especially like their  marinara....(I have a sensitive stomach,..& some gravies...give me acid !---Not theirs !)--
The "Dante & Luigi"  marinara....is sooo tasty/ delicate & light --
I had the ravioli  & their marinara...with meatballs on the side...&  a bottle of San Pelligrino water
Excellent dinner-
And..the service...everyone is soo nice---I try to sit with my favorite waiter  "Paul M"...!
A very nice...well spoken/erudite gentleman...!   He can tell you about restaurants...from New Orleans to Southern California.
Always there to make sure all is OK.
And...the dining room is spacious & roomy---not congested..like other Italian restaurants in the area.
The owner...Mike...a wonderful man...very warm & friendly !
When I was finished  (I took a small "doggie bag" with me )....the fine staff...called a taxi...(it was a hot summer day )---& one came in 10 minutes !
Soo--people--take my advice--if you are a Philly native  (as I am )  OR...just visiting---you can NOT go wrong stopping into Dante & Luigi's  !!!
Great fresh Italian food-  terrific, friendly service...& a roomy / clean restaurant---!
What more can you ask for ..?
I have been eating here for years--& the quality always stays top notch.
I go alone or with friends & family.  
Fantastic place !  I LUV it--  & you will too.  
Regards,
RichardI've been going here for many years- last night's meal was one of the best.  Had the special branzini which was simply prepared but fresh and delicious.  My husband's veal Catharine was equally good.  Our waiter, Victor, even showed us around this historic building since it was not crowded and shared some of the unique history of the place.  The atmosphere is romantic, valet parking us a plus since there is no parking in this area of the Italian market.  Wish I lived closer so I could go here more often.  Prices are very reasonable and they offer a 5% discount for paying cash.Simply stated the food is just incredible. !  Been going here since I was young.. It's amazing.  The Fettucini Alfredo is the best you will ever eat however I order that as side dish because I LOVE LOVE the Pork Chop Milanese. 
I just wish they would start doing take out / catering.Walking by this restaurant in Bella Vista, you'd think you were in Rome. Outside are, in traditional Italian style, stone statues. And most night you will see various diners outside smoking and laughing.
Inside, this place is a mansion. There are three separate dining rooms and two bars, from what I remember. The staff is so friendly, and most are related. This place hardly gets any recognition from Philadelphian's (despite Zagat's 5-star rating) and is underrated.
I recommend the gnocci, which, although it sounds simple, is amazing. If you fall in love with their vodka sauce, you can even order more online.
One tip: if you are reserving a table for a special occasion, request to not be sat in the converted-garage room on the right; it's less cozy.Pretty good authentic italian.  Great service for lunch and I had a stuffed pepper special which was basically a giant meatball inside a bell pepper covered in their marinara which was really tasty.  Ceasar salad was good too.  I would definitely eat there again.Very delicious! Great service and even better food! Also very large portions so come hungry! We tried the gnocchi Romano and penne ala vodka, along with the special of the day and all were delicious. Lastly, make sure to try the tiramisu, it was to die for!!!!Really great italian place. Comfortable and cozy decor inside. Prices are fair and portions are good. Great specials. Fresh pasta. Everything I have had here so far has been great!Good spot, not a high end Vetri kind of place, but definately the best "old school" Italian place we have been to in Philly.  Way better than Ralphs or Villa Da RomaI went there to entertain guests from Italy. All the reviews were very good on the food and portions.
I kept checking to see if I was in the same restaurant... :(
The waiters seem to rush you through your meal. One couple had just ordered a drink and when it was delivered the waiter asked if they were ready to order. The couple replied "...we just sat down".
They charged $10 for a gin/tonic! I'm still waiting for the gin part.
I ate at the Four Seasons a couple of weeks ago and their cocktail price was also $10 BUT, it was worth it. You could taste the gin.
I had heard raves about the chicken parm so I tried it. It was just OK, nothing to brag about.
My guests all ordered pasta dishes and their portions were very small. That's why there prices are so reasonable, the portions are small. I'm not looking for huge but so many other reviewers said how large their portions were and had to take some home. Are you serious?
My chicken parm came with a small side of pasta. But my plate looked barren. Just a piece of chicken. They could have at least presented it better.
Was disappointed. Probably won't go back.We wanted to go to one of the original Italian-American bastions around the 9th St Market area of Philly and we chose one because it is way more upscale and attractive than some of the others, that may have great food but no ambience. Busy on Saturday night, we had reservations for 8:15 and were seated promptly. Good server all around and the portions were large enough to share and pass around for sampling. We enjoyed Saltimboca, Chicken Parm, Shrimp Scampi, etc, and started with fried calamari and a mixed antipasti plate. Wine list had some surprisingly reasonable options and we had 2 bottles of a very servicable Dolcetto from Piedmonte that was only $26. per bottle.  Would definitely return for another visit next time in Philly.Great food and service. I ordered Branzino with jumbo shrimps, which was special of the night. The waiter described the fish would be served in lemon sauce but I didn't taste the lemon at all. It was perfectly cooked, came with penne in marinara sauce. The pasta was al dente and the sauce is fresh. I had tiramisu for dessert. It was good although I didn't taste any liquor at all the way it was described.This was a very beautiful evening at Dante & Luigi, what a beautifully decorated restaurant and ambiance. The food was amazing, very well prepared and tasteful. The ciopinno was delicious! Service was exceptional!  What a good find, will definitely go back when I return to Philadelphia.Really solid, old school Italian food. Dim lighting, white table cloths, cute old-men waiters etc. They don't mess around with presentation and pretense...it's just really, really good. Service is also old school, so don't expect to be wowed by that. 
The manicotti were PERFECT. Best I've had in a very long time.Classic south Philly Italian restaurant.  In addition to "standard" Italian fare (which is wonderfully prepared), if you're a liver lover, don't miss it at this restaurant.Soooo good! We took friends from out of town who wanted really good Italian. Dante & Luigi's did not disappoint. The staff were so nice (which is a treat these days) and the food was excellent! We had sautéed calamari and a meat tray for appetizers. Dinner was seafood risotto, chicken parm, mushroom farfalli, and a veal dish. They could improve on the drink selection but that won't keep us from going back.It's been a while since I have been here but this place has that Sunday dinner with family feel.  I don't think anyone was rude but I can see why some would think that if they are out of towners.
As for the food, the calamari didn't look great but don't judge it by looks because it was delicious.  I had the crab stuffed shrimp and someone else had the veal chop and the other had raviolis.  We all shared a taste and I have to s say that the raviolis were fabulous and the gravy was done well.
Desserts were done well.  Everything was fresh and things were brought out in a timely manner.Food is very very good and wait staff was knowledgeable and attentive. Great wine list as well.Fantastic. So unassuming from the outside but beautiful inside. Top service, good very reasonably priced wine list. We got fried calamari, eggplant rollatini and antipasto to start. Along w some amazing soups. Everyone was super happy w their pasta entrees esp those that got the special homemade fettucini w seafood. Great tiramisu! Highly recommend.My husband and I had dinner here last night. The restaurant is beautiful the service was wonderful. The food was fair, my appetizer special of clams casino was more like a stuffed clam with way too much celery, my husbands 1/2 portion of penne al la vodka was loaded with pancetta but was too salty for my taste. We both enjoyed our entrees, veal saltimboca and veal Catherine were delicious, melt in your mouth tender. Both were served with a side of pasta. Our shared dessert of tiramisu was a little dry,almost as if someone forgot to wet the sponge cake with espresso. Just an FYI bring cash as the menu states there is a 3.5% charge to use a credit card.The moment I walked into this place I thought, wow this smells like my grandmas house when she makes gravy! It was true, authentic Italian food. 
The ambiance is amazing. Very clean and warmly decorated with family photos on the walls. 
The food is DELICIOUS. Everything is fresh and tasty, nothing is too heavy or garlic-y, which is a big plus for me. I've had the gnocchi twice and the fettuccine alfredo once. Both delicious, but I would suggest the classic red gravy or rosa sauce, as I feel that is their specialty! My mom has had the wide ribbon pasta with crab meat, and she says it is one of the best things she has ever eaten. 
If you're looking for authentic Italian in an amazing part of Philly, look no further!!My favorite Italian restaurant in Philly. Feels like Grandma is cooking behind those doors. 
Easy valet parking. Superior service. Excellent wine list.Good food terrible service which is not what I expected.  I had reservations for 8:30 and our server rushed us through the entire meal.  He even took our main entre away before I it was finished.  
To the owners:  If you want people out of the restaurant don't have an 8:30 seating!Food - 7.5 out of 10
Service - 7.5 out of 10
Value - 7.5 out of 10
OK, we took a trip to Philadelphia, from NY and we needed a better place to go... 
I guess it's good by Philadelphia standards, and I guess I'd go back w/o the kids.  But It was a bit pricey by Philadelphia standards as well.  
$400 for four adults and four kids... hmmmmmmunbelievable food !great service no phony balony,sir madom'just good quality service from friendy and proffesional waitstaff. no pretentious super fancy atmosphere,it is pricey enough that you dont look over excited to get out if you to dress up, but its not so fancy that you fee like you should, wear what you want its all about the food at dante's.                                                                                                                                one more thing,ok we are always "too full for desert',but dont goof thisone up,,, save room for desert for real this timeUsually really enjoy this place but tonight the food and service was so bad I'll never go back. Food took 45 to 50 minutes to come and the waiter did not come to us once during the time (no I'm sorry your food is slow or it will be on the way soon or even an offer for more bread). Also didn't come check in on us after the food came. If he had one of the party would definitely have sent it back as her chicken was so sour it was inedible and also seemed raw.Perfect.
Dante & Luigi's is the best authentic, romantic, and delicious Italian restaurant in Philadelphia. My choice is simply a glass of red wine and a plate of spaghetti pomodoro.I'm very sorry folks. .don't get sucked into the south philly. ."nostalgia".thing..like you are really lucky to be eating here. .bs.!
This is a tourist trap . I've been to great Italian restaurants. 
They used boxed spaghetti. .
My friends veal dishes were cut like bologna. .
They couldn't even get through it. 
It was tough like leather. 
I had stuffed calamari. 
Microwaved.
So tough impossible to eat. .
Very lame. .
All I have to say. 
Boxed pasta.
It was shit. .
Veal was not cut against the bias..
They know they screwed us..
People. 
A tourist trap..
Avoid it..
Go to villa di roma..
It has to be better. .
Im SORRY. 
.
This is my review. 
And it is true. 
No shit. .
TOURIST TRASH. .TRAP.
DON'T GET TAKEN FOR GRANTED AND A SHIT RIDE.
MY FRIENDS COULDN'T EVEN EAT THEIR VEAL DISHES..look.the appetizer. Was a incredible joke..it was tiny. .
Like leather. .
And I was watched when I ate it..
Totally. Overrated. Trash..
Listen to me.
No 80 year old beautiful Italian woman cooking in the kitchen here.
You are just paying for someone's shore house. 
Trust me on this. .
Go anyplace else. 
I can cook canned clam sauce and pasta at home and get better. .
I will tell owners to their face. .
Because it's 100%true. .
AND they have to know it..
I don't know. .
My appetizer.
17.95..
Was. Microwaved. 
And like your leather belt...
The owners have. .have to know. .WHAT IS WRONG AND COMING OUT OF THE KITCHEN. .!
Oh..The wait staff were beautiful. .
And knew their shit. 
But we were screwed.
Totally TRASH. 
!!.
Box pasta..
That's all I have to say. 
I've been to great Italian restaurants. .
With. .
HOME MADE PASTA.
IT WAS SHIT..
If you think this is good. .then you never had really great Italian food. .This is the best Italian food I've had since Italy! We can recommend the pasta e fagioli, eggplant rolitini, linguine with white clam, and the chicken sicilian without reservation. Everything was delicious, the service was warm, friendly and attentive.  If we lived in Philly, we'd be here all the time!After an absence of many years, we decided to give D&L a try based on all you Yelpers and I'm very glad we did. The place is lovely, the service is just-right attentive without being pushy and the food was terrific. Our calamari app was much better than average with tender squid only lightly breaded and very tasty. The entrees were all excellent ranging from plain spaghetti and meatballs to penne with peppers to chicken parm and cacciatore. Everyone was very happy with their meal and we left eager to come back another time.Been there three times so far. Great place. Excellent food. Professional and friendly service from entire staff!!  Perfect experience every time so far. 
We took an Uber from Rittenhouse square. Good idea because parking seemed scarce. They do have valet parking but I still think it's best to Uber.If your tired of getting all decked out go out for drinks and dinner in Center City or Old City, and just want to be yourself and eat some awesome Italian food, this is the place to go. It is no frills, old school, and kick-ass Italian food. It will not break your wallet, but you may waddle out. It is family-style, and the restaurant makes you feel as if you are eating in the dining room of an actual house. This place is a gem, highly recommended!The service was a little slow, but very knowledgeable and helpful. The mozzarella in the caprese salad was yummy and fresh. The calamri wasn't salty the way I usually find it. The best part was my entree, seafood catelloni with a pesto marinar sauce. Best thing I've eaten in a while. Lastly the wine list wasn't too expensive. Good experience overall. They had valet for for only 8 dollars which was a plus as well since there seemed to be no other parking.Great balance for fine dining. Atmosphere, history, food, value are all in great harmony. You will be pleased.
We were looking for a good southern Italian place, jackpot. Our party of nine got a great variety of things. ALL delicious, no clinkers. Menu is arranged typical Italian with pasta and a great variety of meats - veal to seafood. You may be tempted to think primi and secondi (first and second course) but be careful. Any one dish can be enough for 1-2 meals! Plan to share. Good appetizers, salads, desserts.
We saw everything from T-shirts and sweatshirts to coat and tie. Somewhere around business/evening casual would fit in great. Waiters are all in white and they take their jobs seriously.Always amazing food. Veal you can cut with a fork. Delicious pasta.  Canoli's to die for.  Love love love this place.I have been here many times and always pleased with the food and service. Try the veal with the long hot peppers and don't forget the Spumoni for dessert. I will be back.Had a great group dinner here. Great old school
Italian atmosphere and pretty delicious food. Wine list has some fairly cheap bottle options ($20s) and our service was perfect. The group really enjoyed the calamari, penne vodka and the lasagna the best but all were pretty tasty! It's a bit pricey for what it is, nothing is truly ground breaking on the menu, it's pretty straightforward Italian but would still recommend checking it out !Six of us had dinner at Dante and Luigi's in Saturday night.  The restaurant is beautiful. The food was fairly typical South Philly Italian.  I had the stuffed calamari, which was one stuffed whole piece of squid and lots of cut squid in a nice marinara.  I had expected more than one stuffed squid piece and figured that they must have run out.  I also had the stuffed pork chop, which was delicious.  My wife had the bronzino special and thought it was over done.  There weren't many fish dishes on the menu, other than shellfish.  So maybe that's not their strong suit.  The wine list had plenty of wines from across all regions of Italy and at reasonable prices.  Desserts were fresh and seemed homemade.  We ended the meal with complimentary limoncellos.  The staff were friendly and helpful, though our waiter could have been more knowledgeable of the wines on the list or at least pull someone who was over to consult.  That was the only flaw in an otherwise good experience.Wow the food is amazing here!!! I had mussels marinara over linguini. The sauce and pasta were to die for! 
We arrived early for our reservation and didn't hear the end of it from the hostess. We told her we were fine with waiting, but she made it a point to mention just how early we were for the reservation several times, which was odd since there were plenty of tables in sight the entire time we were there. Additionally our food took about 45 minutes to come out after we ordered. 
Other than those 2 minor hiccups, we had a great time and a great meal. This is a romantic place for a nice Italian dinner.