My family was visiting Philly and was looking for a place for everyone to get something they wanted. This was the place!  Service was out of this world - waitress was warm and funny, and kept our water glasses filled.  Food came out hot!  Kids meals were huge, and our omelettes were as well. Perhaps cooked  a little too much in butter because they were a bit greasy. Overall, a good meal.As a life-long Philly resident, I've eaten in pretty much every diner in town and this one has to be the absolute worst.  The waitress was dippy and clueless.  It wasn't crowded (no wait to be seated) but it took 20 minutes for Sharon to take our order.  She brought our sodas right away but it was half an hour before our food arrived and it was horrible.  The only thing that arrived quickly was the check.  Two adults and two kids for lunch and the check was $60 before the tip!  Both boys ages 7 and 8 ordered from the kids menu which was way overpriced ($7 for a overcooked, dried-up (he ordered it medium) hamburger the size of a minute and soggy steak fries. Oh, and he ordered cheese on that burger and the slice of fake orange cheese cost an extra $2!  While we were waiting paitently for our food, we saw a constant stream of plates being returned by other servers to the kitchen and brought back at other tables near us--not a good sign.  I had the turkey club sandwich for $13 with very little shredded lunch meat turkey and several slices of cold, thick, undercooked, fatty bacon.  It did have lots of garbage on it to make it look like a big, thick sandwich--a ton or shreded lettuce, two unripe tomatos, avocado slices and literally a pinch of sprouts.  Of course, since it took so long to get our food the two slices of toasted bread were cold and soggy.  It came with the same crappy steak fries--clearly frozen, not fresh cut.  It's pretty hard to make a bad turkey club sandwich, but they did.  The last turkey club I had was a few months ago at McGillin's and it was a triple decker with plenty of fresh sliced roasted turkey and warm, cooked  bacon for like $9.  With the prices they charge at Darling's, the only repeat business I see them getting will be people with no taste buds who don't mind overpaying for crappy food and terrible service.Darling's is really cute and the outdoor seating option is great. However, the food was pretty unremarkable. Their marketing is charming and their location is great. Nonetheless, for Sunday brunch, it was nothing to write home about. I don't live or work close enough for it to be convenient for me, so I probably won't go back anytime soon.Wow! people are so hard on this place! It's not that bad.
If you gotta go to Darlings and you're not having breakfast or their most perfect key lime pie, try the ahi tuna appetizer or even a wrap paired with the very fresh spring mix salad.
Plus it's the best 24 hr spot in the no libs area.I must say,  I am rather surprised at how many Yelpers tore down this place for service and food;  I had quite the opposite experience.
I went here with dear friends who have only had positive experiences.  I admit,  I was skeptical,  given the reviews I read.  I am glad I trusted my friends' experience.
2 of us had dishes with ahi tuna (me - greek salad with the tuna as add-on) and it was a really decent salad.  Was it the very best I ever had ?  No.  AND, it was a totally pleasurable experience. 
The espresso ... smooth and silky and totally hit the mark being the coffee snob that I am !
And,  what is totally consistent with other Yelpers is the cheesecake.  The very best I have ever had.  Got the classic.  Perfect blend of fluffy and custardy and not too heavy.  What helped me make this choice was another server standing near the dessert case who very skillfully spoke about the differences in the types of cheesecakes -- which was beyond helpful in making my choice.
Our primary server was very attentive.
I would totally come back.Disappointing. 
This should be a home run - a retro-hipster diner in the Piazza, but we were underwhelmed. My wife's turkey burger was not good, down to the mealy tomatoes, and my short ribs were a little fatty and were not as flavorful as I'd hoped. Our waitress made minor errors with both our meals, but was otherwise attentive. Pricing was a little high, but that was to be expected, given the locale. 
All in all, I wanted this to be a great diner, and it doesn't come close. If I had to, I'd come back, but I don't think I'd choose to.Wish I had read some reviews before I went........
Went around 6:30 on Thursday night. There were 8 of us, 4 adults and 4 children. 3 of the children are on the Autism spectrum, but they're actually teenagers, freshmen in high school. The kids ordered first. After getting our beverages, we ordered. Nothing crazy, just burgers and sandwiches. The diner was basically empty and wow, it took forever to get our food! The kids food came first, probably 25 mins after ordering. Our food literally 20 mins later. One of the other moms stated that having been there a few times before, thought that the staff might include a few "stoners" which would definitely explain the wait. All in all, pricey and really not worth the wait. Not really a reason to go back when there are so many options in the area:-(!A nice diner with decent prices. I went there expecting to pay a little higher for food because it was new and in a up and coming area, but was very surprised with the bill.
The burgers are amazing. Cooked to order, they are lightly seasoned and topped with fresh veggies. Safe to say one of the better burgers I have had in a while.
My only complaint is the menu isn't very big. There is not a whole lot to choose from, but the food that is on the menu is very good.Always a favorite. Love their breakfast, they have something called the very adult hot chocolate. Really good especially on those cold winter days.I have to say this was one the worst dinning experiences I have ever had. I eat out at a lot of places and enjoy recommending new places to eat to friends and such, but I could never recommend that anyone ever eat here. I'm really displeased. Their soft opening was great, the $6 cheeseburgers were awesome. Sadly, the cheeseburger is now $11.
Examples;
- No free refills on your $1.75 soda
- Meals came out at different times. Two people received their food at least five minutes before me and when mine arrived it was cold.
- Waiter stood there and watched me fill in the tip and sign the check.
- Food is extremely expensive. $70 for 4 people.
- Food was pretty mediocre. My open-faced brisket dinner was without bread and tasted like roast beef at best. Worth maybe $9, not $18!
If anyone can find an email address for Darling's I'd like to send them a letter.Altogether a pleasant dining experience. I went with two friends on a Saturday night and the restaurant was surprisingly dead for dinner time, though snow may have had a say in that. The staff was courteous and greeted us the minute we walked in the door. 
Our server was very attentive and made sure we had everything we wanted. He asked all the right questions and made sure we were familiar with the menu before taking our orders. He did, however, get my friend's order slightly wrong, but nothing that ruined our experience or his meal.
The food, from what I could tell, was your standard diner fare. I ordered the buffalo chicken wrap platter and my friend the chicken caesar wrap platter. Our other company ordered 2 eggs over-easy with hash browns and toast. Our wraps were decent, though for some reason no bleu cheese dressing was included in mine (the menu mentioned it). Both wraps came with a heaping portion of fries (perhaps a bit too many-- neither my friend or I finished ours). 
The overall atmosphere was clean and modern, though the lighting was a bit dim, especially for someone who likes to see what he's eating. I'd suggest this as a wonderful option for a quick meal. However, don't let the atmosphere of the place fool you. It's pretty much your run-of-the-mill diner, but your servers aren't middle-aged and sassy.Horrible wait times. Not services fault, we had to wait over an hour to get apps. We walked out but tipped our server. Kitchen on a Saturday at 6pm was way behind. Sounds like poor management. Avoid this place. Lots of other places around that have a better dining experience.This review is just off of service because I never got the opportunity to try the food.
 I went there today at lunch with a friend, and wanted to be seated outside. So, like the sign says, we went inside and asked the hostess for a table outside. She was on the phone placing a take out order, so we waited because that's not her fault, but when she got off the phone she sat us outside and we proceeded to wait for someone to come to out table for 30 minutes. When I went inside to say something (because no one had come to our table) a new lady standing at the hostess stand rudely asked me if i just sat myself or if I let the hostess seat us. No, I'm an idiot and didn't read the sign, grabbed some menus, and sat myself. That was enough for me, so we took our business elsewhere. If I had not said something (after watching the servers attend to tables sat after us) I imagine we would have been there all damn day. So my recommendation is just don't waste your time and find somewhere else to eat. No food can be that delicious that its worth dealing with being ignored and spoken to rudely.I came here after a night out in Philly, and the experience was just okay. My table and I just ordered water and it took a while for it to come to the table. The food also took a while, but that was understandable because it was busy. The thing that irritated me is that we were done with our food for a while and the waitress kept passing our table when we were trying to grab her attention so we could pay the bill and leave. Dont get me wrong the server was very nice and patient because it did take us a while to order food.It's the diner of choice. I'm doing breakfast food. I don't think you can screw that up. I had the tuna melt last time and that didn't go so well. Remember, momma said you can't eat out of everyone's kitchen.  Our server is Sinclair and he was really attentive.server was very nice. but the food was over priced and the portions were way too small for 'diner portions'Tough to say much that's positive about Darlings. Frankly, I am surprised that they have had such a lengthy stay at the Piazza.  The food is below average and unfriendly wait staff doesn't seem to want to work there any more than I want to eat there.  If you find yourself in Northern Liberties, look elsewhere for a satisfactory dining experience.I eat here because it's convenient. The food is decent but It's about 50-50 if the Order will come out right though. The service is casual, a little too casual. Sometimes it seems like you're waiting too long for someone to check in on you or bring you your check.  My two favorite things on the menu are the chili and the latkes.It's hard to figure Darling's out. It;s a nicely designed place in a hot restaurant district with nice service, but someone who makes culinary decisions in the place doesn't seem to have any respect food. 
Every open-faced hot turkey sandwich I've had in a Philly diner has used turkey slices with a thickness that only comes from a carved bird. Even if they didn't cook it in-house, the whole idea behind that sandwich is that it resembles that filling comfort food you have the day after Thanksgiving. Darling's turkey resembles thinly sliced packaged lunch meat with gravy. Seriously. Maybe 5 slices. I'm pretty sure it's not just a resemblance.
The white chocolate raspberry cheesecake was plated in a way that I guess was supposed to look fancy. Picture a large slice, surrounded and topped with 5 huge dollops of whipped cream - more whipped cream than cake by volume. It was drizzled with what tasted like the bottled liquid chocolate you thin out with milk to make a drink. 
Tell me if I'm wrong, but I'm pretty sure most people opt for white chocolate because they're opting against dark chocolate. Well, I do at least. And that stuff is concentrated. Put it on something with a delicate flavor balance (say, something like white chocolate and raspberry) and you're dropping the curtain on the show before it begins. I gave it a try, but the only audible taste was Bosco.  After brushing away as much of the dark stuff as I could, there was a nice tasting cheesecake below. 
The harshest part of the meal was in realizing that I could have had a really nice meal in many other places in the neighborhood for the same price ($22 including tip, for the entree and dessert, no drink) 
So many lost opportunities Darling. You've got looks, and nice people on staff, but what really counts, just doesn't. 
Two stars because the food was edible (I save one star for places that have food poisoned me.)After the two recent times we've ordered from here, not even the chicken fingers and fries are a safe bet anymore.  They appear to have changed the chicken fingers they use and not in a good way.  The quality is certainly lacking.  Tonight, in addition to the sub-standard chicken fingers, the BLT that was ordered (and marked on the box as a BLT) ended up being a chicken breast, lettuce, and tomato sandwich, not a BLT at all.  The last time we ordered, a strawberry milkshake came as a vanilla milkshake (and at $6 was far, far from worth that price) and the cheeseburger ended up coming with no cheese and about 10 french fries.  Sorry, but for whoever owns this place, shame on you.  Do you not read the reviews and consistent complaints?  Do you even care?  Clearly not.  The only reason I can even fathom why you are still in business is the fact that you are open 24 hours and no other eating places are in this area.  I guess the taste buds of people who have been out drinking all night are dulled enough to tolerate this crap you serve.  I know I've been in that crowd and ordering from here sober a few times is an entirely different and eye opening experience.  This establishment should truly be ashamed of the sh*t, overpriced food they put out on a regular basis.OK so I get that it was Friday night and nice weather but it seems like they were not expecting any customers. Then to add that Apollinaire across the way was having an event, gave them more business. 
I asked if I could sit at the counter, which had 3 open seats, and the matrade said there was 25 min wait. I said for the counter I don't want to sit at the table cant i sit there (pointing to an open seat.) She rolled her eyes at me and said there is a 25 min wait I said, Really. I asked if I could have a drink for the bar while I wait and she claimed to have to get permission from her boss. Why doesn't the matrade know this info, WTH. 
After I walked off to talk to some friends I saw in the restaurant and came back, she acted like I didn't want an answer. So I asked her out loud what did your boss say. Another lady suddenly escorted me to the side. And I was tole sure come take a seat. 
Service was a little slow and the food was just OK. But if I hadn't walked off to talk to my friends. I would have been pissed and walked out of this establishment. They need a new matrade.Stopped in today for the first time. I tried to take a seat at the bar while waiting for a table and noticed that the bar area had not been bussed. A person behind the bar asked me if I needed something while waiting and I ordered a Bloody Mary and waited and waited some more.
After waiting even though there were empty tables pretty much throughout the restaurant I went use the ladies room. Filthy. 3 stalls, one with one broken handle and trash and bad smells. I should have ran at this point.
Returned back to table. Bloody Mary came finally. Barely mixed, loaded with horseradish that tasted horribly bitter. I decided to order a mimosa but my waitress had that "selective hearing" thing when she kept walking by the table and I tried to call her/ wave to her and I was invisible.
Ordered the huevos rancheros. While waiting noticed that the counter still had not been bussed even though various customers had gotten up and left trash and used glasses, dishes, etc. on the bar.
Huevos Rancheros arrived and the black beans were watery. The eggs were cooked properly and the sauce was average and somewhat spicey (perhaps the best thing I had). Ordered a side of turkey bacon that was cooked properly and average.
Finally got the waitresses attention and ordered a coffee. The coffee arrived, with various things attached to the lip of the cup (dried food) and the cup was covered in black streaks. 
Overpriced, dirty,with poor service. The bar area was not bussed as of the time I left. It's been 2 hours, I may stop back to see if they got to it.The only reason I gave this a 1 star is because I couldn't give it a 0. One of the worst experiences I had in a restaurant. Very expensive as well. I went with my gf for brunch. I got a $20 omelet which was served about 45 minutes after I ordered it and it was cold and really bad. We had very subpar bloody Mary's which were $10 a pop. Please don't go there. There are other really good restaurants right next to the place like el camino real and PYT.The place was pretty understaffed. Our waitress was nice but the food took forever and on top of that we were missing all our side dishes. My fiancé's omelette was cold, and for the price I paid for it my entree was tiny and underwhelming. We had to ask to have the sides knocked off because we never received them.
Not at all pleasant.I like this place, a lot. It's open 24 hours a day, and I'm pretty sure their whole menu is available at all hours. I had fried cheese with tomato sauce, coffee cake, and this beautiful dessert. For some reason I did not get that taste or presentation that sets them apart from the rest, but they're more than decent, especially when they're the only place open at 4am.I went here for breakfast/brunch with my girlfriend over Memorial Day weekend.  I am not sure if all of the issues we experienced were because they are still working out the bugs, but it was pretty bad.
For starters, we checked in at the hostess stand and were told that it would be a 20 minute wait, even though 80% of the tables were empty.  When I asked about sitting at the couunter, I was told that the 20 minute wait would still apply.  Undaunted, we walked around the Piazza and went back approximmately 20 minutes later.  We were promptly seated, but then had to wait another 5-10 minutes for a waitress to come and take our drink order.
The service did not pick up from there, so I will leave it at that.  When the food finally came out, the quality was somewhat mixed.  My omelette was pretty good, but the biscuits in my girlfriend's biscuits and gravy consisted of a toasted hamburger bun!  If they did not have biscuits, they should have said so when we ordered.  Instead we waited for 30 - 45 minutes for something that was not what she ordered or had expected.  
Some aditional notes:  We discovered that they do not give free refills on coffee when the couple behind us was ordering.  Also, they were out of normal napkins, so we were given brown paper towels that looked like they were pulled out of the dispenser in the restroom.  
On the plus side, the place appears very clean and the decor is nice.  Now if they can just get the service and food up to a level that matches the appearance and prices.....After debating where to go for brunch last Sunday (Silk City? North 3rd?) my gf and I decided to try something new. We came upon the much talked about Piazza and blindly decided to give Darling's a try.
The first thing that struck me was the sleek, retro-futuristic tone of the place (just go with me here). It had all the features of a real-deal classic diner in a bright, modern setting.
The first dish to catch my eye was the Hippster's Paradise, and I just knew I had to get it. Bananas, blueberries. peanut butter and chocolate on french toast... it couldn't get any better. A good cup of coffee and several appetizing strips of turkey bacon made the meal even better.
There are two things I need to try before potentially bumping Darling's to Five Star status- first is the epic-looking apple pie, and second is a milkshake; a great diner should be able to do both well. I look forward to trying Darling's again in the near future, hopefully on a warm day in order to try the outdoor setting.The only reason this place gets two stars is because it's open 24 hours and the other food options close by that are open 24 hours are the McDonald's drive thru and Trax.  If it weren't for that fact, I would never order from here and I'd honestly be shocked if the place were able to stay in business.  And if I'm being totally honest, the only time we ever order from here is when we've been drinking and get the munchies at 3 AM or when we're really hungover the next day and don't want to go out for brunch, as they deliver to the apartments at the Piazza.  With that being said, on to the food.  In my experience, it's best to stick to ordering the basics here, ie things that are hard to mess up.  Their sandwiches suck, with the exception of the grilled cheese (I like to order it with bacon).  Other than that, our go to drunk food of choice is always the chicken fingers with fries. It's a safe bet they are probably just frozen chicken fingers they throw in the fryer, but whatever, they taste good.  They do also have some decent fries.  And while most of their food is overpriced crap, they give you a pretty good portion of chicken and fries.  We've tried various sandwiches, burgers, oatmeal, waffle, salads, the pierogies, pie and I wouldn't order any of those items again.  On one particularly hungover morning a few months ago, the boyfriend suggested the Northern Liberties monster and I will say that as a hangover aid, it did the trick.  I may consider ordering it again, but probably only if I was suffering from a hangover.  Also, as others have said, the service is generally horrible.  Even when ordering takeout and receiving a tip for packing up the order, the wait staff acts as though they'd rather not be bothered with waiting on anyone.I came here for breakfast on Easter morning the restaurant was pulled apart, and kind of a mess. 
I ordered huevos rancheros and received three fried eggs covered in a weird salsa, a cup of black beans, and cut up flour tortilla. The black beans which normally I love, were disgusting and tasted like someone sprinkled splenda on them. The rest of the food was edible, but those beans were shockingly bad.  I had an okay fruit salad with my meal.
The waitstaff was great and friendly but the food was so bad I don't plan on coming back.Mediocre tasting food. Soups were served at room temperature. French onion soup was not worth finishing.  The motzerella wrap tasted okay but was again served at room temperature. Waiter was nice. 
Poor  management, manager was a middle age African American lady during our visit, whose name I am unable to remember. We acknowledge we were not getting the Groupon special because it was Sunday. However, as all groupon's work, the business is still responsible for the value we paid for the groupon even if we do not recieve the special. She refused to honor it, saying there was nothing she could do and groupon would not allow her to accept it during Sunday hours. Which was clearly a falsehood. Businesses seek to bring customers in and that was not this managers priority.
One of those places you would rather have never stepped into.Giving them stars is me being friendly... If I hadn't been drunk I wouldn't choose to come to this place. Horrible food and service. Food took a whole hr to come out. My omelet was cold. I'm pissedSome friends and I decided to venture out to Northern Liberties for brunch on a Sunday. Unsure of where to eat, we ended up deciding on Darlings. No one in the group had eaten at Darlings prior to this trip, but we had all heard many positive reviews of their food. 
The wait was not exceptionally long, however the maître D seemed to be very overwhelmed with seating, while many tables went unoccupied. After sitting down, we waited about 10 min before seeing our server. He greeted us and let us know that the kitchen was extremely backed-up. Our drinks were brought out quickly and we placed our order. 
I ordered one of their specialty short stacks to start, which would then be followed by an order of Huevos Rancheros. With the state of affairs in the kitchen, the wait was easily over 45 minutes and resulted in my pancake order never arriving. Confusion abounded regarding the backup, since the restaurant did not seem to be extremely busy. But not a huge issue, we gladly filled the time chatting and enjoying each others' company.
Finally our food arrived. Without a modicum of presentation, it seemed we'd be fighting an uphill battle from the start. Their take on Huevos Rancheros was forgettable. Perhaps it was the triangular cuts of tortillas seemingly put directly from packaging onto the plate, or the luke-warm black beans served on the side which made the meal not only look unappealing, but taste as such. 
As for the others in my party, there seemed to be a theme of malcontent that stemmed from high expectations being crushed by the reality of a cheap diner quality meal. 
Perhaps we caught them on a bad day, but the experience has left me wholly unimpressed. 2 out of 5. Maybe we will try again in the future.So I've never been to the Piazza before (I know, how is that possible? I said the same thing) so maybe I was caught up in the modern awesomeness of the space, or maybe motivated by the farmers market that I was looking to get to after eating, but I had an awesome time at Darling's. We were there for brunch, and I'd definitely like to go back and see how they do with other meals and repeat performances. 
My boyfriend got the hippster paradise french toast, and that was basically the most amazing french I've had in the city lately. I ordered the special smoked salmon omelet. While mine was not paradise like the bf's it was still good. Unfortunately, the chef decided to not prepare mine as advertised, but I was quite happy to have a reason to eat the HP (which is totally large enough for sharing). I asked my waitress for onions to eat along with my salmon omelet and a bagel, and I took it home to eat the following day for breakfast. So no loss really, 2 meals for the price of one is always a good deal in my book.
Other than the food, I love the look of this place, all high ceilings and interesting light fixtures and facades. I will definitely be returning here in the future. My waitress had a bunch of tables and was definitely a bit frazzled, and I think when I told her my omelet wasn't as advertised she got scared it was going to affect her tip, but really she didn't cook it, and I wasn't upset, so she shouldn't have gotten so worried. Anyhow, like I said, definitely a good time, and definitely a decent enough meal to try it again in the future and see how it stands up!I was in Philly, from Texas, visiting a friend and she took us here for dinner.  The food was wonderful.  I had the Veggie burger and fries which was really good.  We also tried some macaroni and cheese that was simply amazing.  For dessert--- Banana's Foster cheesecake.  Do not pass go, do not collect $200 until you eat this cheesecake. It is simply to die for.  It was the best dessert I have ever had, and the espresso was lovely.  The atmosphere was great and the the staff could not have been any nicer. I would go back in a second, and will when I return to the city of Brotherly Love.Last night we went to Darlings to get carry-out beer.  We thought two 6-packs of corona would be good, when she rang us up it came to $41.  I hate this place so much and can't wait until they close down.  YOUR DINER IS HORRIBLE!My friend raved about this spot, so I knew I wanted to try it out myself. After a Juicy burger from Sketch, my buddy & I, walked over here to get some dessert , walk off our dinner. It was such nice night, we decided to eat outside. Requested the Dessert menu, she got Chocolate mousse cake, & I got Key lime .OMG!! My key lime was trat, not overly sweet, loved it!!!! She loved hers, as I noticed it was devoured withing minutes, here I still had 3/4 of mine left. She got good cup coffee too. What Great end to night, hang out, catch up-& our waitress was quite personable!! Definite return!!!I absolutely HATEEEEEEEEE this place! So many stories none of them good, but the last time I set foot in that spot I was there for a hr. sitting at the counter and never received any food. This place is  a joke and how they keep there doors open Ill never know. If your desperate go there if you have other options I advise you do so!Got a livingsocial deal for this place so I decided to check it out despite the bad reviews. I was pleasantly surprised. First off, our service was great, we were seated immediately and our waitress was over very quick to get our drinks. She never let our water get more than half way empty before refilling it and checked on us several times throughout the meal. 
I went with the North Liberties Monster sandwich, which as the title suggests was very big. But it was delicious, even if I had to eat it with a fork and knife because I couldn't get my mouth around it! My girlfriend got the breakfast burrito which was a little smaller than expected but still not half bad. 
I didn't read the livingsocial fine print and it turns out it wasn't applicable to "brunch hours" on weekends, which it clearly states, although I think its kind of weird to have that kind of restriction, but oh well I have no problem going back.I can mostly echo the issues others have had. Why is the coffee so bad? And why the Por-shun Pak creamers? Came here for brunch with my spouse and her workmate. I asked for dry toast and it came wet (and I do mean wet) with something that I'm pretty sure wasn't butter. Santa Fe omelette - competent but uninspired -- melty stringy Jack cheese was probably not the right choice. The server was pleasant enough but seemed distracted. There are too many other good options in the locale for this to rate more than 2*.i got the cheesecake stuffed french toast. literally a piece of cheesecake between two pieces of french toast. delish! their fountain soda was also good.
their scrambled eggs tasted like plastic. weird and gross.
my friend said the hash was good.
our service was pretty attentive. we got there about 11 on a sunday morning. it filled up really fast after that though.This has got to be one of the worst dinning experiences ever. Stopped for lunch with my family. Party of 6. Seated promptly, then all down hill from there. 
Waited almost 10 minutes for the waiter. Then another 10 minutes for him to deliver beverages. Food didn't arrive until almost 40 minutes after it was ordered. Plates so hot from sitting under the lamps that the runner had to put a towel over his arm. Veg on plate of wings was hot and wilted. Two plates not even delivered for another 10 minutes. 
Asked to speak to manager. She was curt. When my autistic son blurted out that there was no cheese on his burger she admonished him and shot back that she wasn't our server and that he shouldn't be disrespectful to her.
Hard to judge the food since it sat cooking under heat lamps for so long basically cooking cooking it twice. 
No apology for the terrible service to top it all off. Stay away.
Update: nothing taken off check AND THEY ADDED ON A $17.20 TIP! Then blamed us for terrible service saying we ordered too many burgers at one time (4)! The manager is rude, disrespectful and has no tolerance for people with special needs.I live in the neighborhood and I've been here twice. First time, it was late at night (props for being open late) and I didn't eat but was with a group who did. Second, I went and had coffee and cheesecake one afternoon and read outside.
The first time, people seemed to like their meal well enough. They got mostly sides and it was late, after lots of beers at North Bowl. Hard to screw up. 
Second time, the cheesecake and coffee time, I sat outside on the patio which was nice. Although, I don't think I'll ever get over the hideous piazza buildings (really what were they thinking?!). That aside, the space below is beautiful and has fantastic people watching.
The cheesecake however was actually disgusting. I got the original and I'm no connoisseur but I know that this was either old, a bad batch, or just downright a terrible recipe. 
I can't attest to their other food, but I'm hopeful if they are a "cheesecake diner" they can get to work on that.The service is slow and the food here is mediocre, even when you're drunk at 3 am on Halloween.   Then again, at that hour it's pretty much the only game in town.    
I had the cheeseburger... it was a little dry and the fries were soggy.   
That said, it still kind of hits the spot late at night.  If you're looking for breakfast at a decent hour, though, I'd keep walking.Bad food and terrible service.  I have never had a good experience here.I think I've started a review like this many times before, but here it goes again:
I don't know why this place is getting such bad reviews.  I think I had the most delicious pierogis I've ever had, and a delightful turkey dinner.  I don't mean to be rude either, but also a bangin' waitress to boot.  If I were a male, I would be more than pleased with my environment.  In reality, I am a woman so I was more smitten with the kitchey decor. 
On a serious note,  I'm pretty sure the prices have been lowered from when they first opened, so give it another chance. My boyfriend and I dined 2 entrees and an appetizer for $30.Hit or Miss.
Don't go there and expect anything ravishing. You normally won't get it. Occasionally you will have beautiful service and quick food delivery.  But only on the weekdays!
Let me give you a run-down of a typical weekend night there.
Go in late, wait a half-hour on the weekends, get seated, don't get approached for 20 minutes, get approached, take only your drinks, 10 minutes for drink, sometimes an hour for food which half is cold already. It's been sitting in the window waiting for your belgian waffle which is piping hot and should normally only take 2 minutes. 
However, Cheesecakes-delicious, waffles-delicious, french toast-delicious, chicken fingers? surprisingly delicious. 
Irish coffees are $9! redic. I always go back though, I always go back. Not sure what it is. Only half-decent place that serves food after 1am? Probably.I went to Darling's after a night out with friends. I had already eaten so all I ordered was the sweet potato fries which were delicious.Where is Kitchen Nightmares when you need them. After waiting a bit for a table at el camino we decided to go to Darling cause there weren't many people in there and we were hungry. Big mistake. When this place 1st opened it was clean, the staff was polite and speedy and had reasonably decent  food but still overpriced for what you got. I tried it a few times over the years so I noticed the steady decline. This time I went it was at rock bottom. We ordered the half moon fried mozzarella to share, nothing different than your corner pizza shop for 2ce the money. The potato skins were $9 and tasted like shoes. The busgirl (I assume) kept coming over to our table to take the plates away even though we still had food on the plate. For soup 2 apps and 1 entrée it cost us $50. after we got the bill I was pissed at myself for not sending it back but reading other peoples reviews I see that that would have been pointless. The menu hasn't changed in 5 yrs and for a large menu there are not many options for vegetarians. My advise, if its late ur hungry and want reasonably priced diner food its worth the trip to go to the Oregon DinerI could write a novella about how awful the service here was, but I've already wasted over two hours of my Sunday here just to get the lousiest huevos rancheros I've had in a long time. I will just say this: it is so bad it made my girlfriend cry.
Nasty hostess, oblivious management. I saw two other tables leave before ordering out of frustration while we contemplated doing the same. I've already wasted too much time on this review. I will never go back. Seriously, did I mention the service was so bad and mean and nasty my girlfriend cried? Awful. Just awful.I was at the Brooklyn Flea market and decided to give it a shot for brunch.
The menu is ok - hardly anything exciting. Your usual bagel and egg platters, sandwiches, appetizers and then some specialties. I got the 2 eggs with toast, turkey sausage and home fries. They turkey sausage were pretty good, but the two tiny toasts looked pretty abysmal. Eggs were quite bland but I do like the brand of Sriracha they carried that came to my rescue. 
Service was good, our server was attentive and checked up on us as needed. They really however desperately need to work on their food.Pricey for a diner, but having been raised in Jersey my diner standards are high. The menu is okay - the hummus appetizer is bangin', though. Not a great beer selection - nothing new or surprising, but it seems like they're trying to sell you on the fact that they have alcohol, not that they have a good selection of alcohol. I ordered a Coronorita because I'd never had one and it came with a little serape, which was p much the highlight of my Darling's experience.
If you want to eat food and drink beer in the middle of the night, you're set. If you want to eat good food and drink good beer at a time that is not 2 AM, go elsewhere.Hands down the absolute BEST cheesecake in Philadelphia.  The bananas foster cheesecake is fantastic.  The recently added key lime cheesecake is even better.  I do not like banana flavored desserts, but the bananas foster cheesecake does not have a strong banana taste.  However, the rest of the food and cheesecakes are not that great.  Also, the service is not great.  Very very slow and inefficient.  
*EDIT: Now they charge an extra $1 for take-out, even for cheesecake.  I do not return for the take-out cheesecake anymore.Portions for this place is tremendous. I was super hungry when I came so I was able to eat the whole plate (I think I even ate the plate!) but on any other day I wouldn't have been able to finish all the food. It's a very upscale diner. I don't know how that works but it works. Very good food, hip vibe, lively ambience, and SUPERB service. My new favorite spot every time I come to Philly, after stopping by Pat's first of course.Tremendously ok. 
Had breakfast/brunch here a few times, so use this review for that purpose. 
The menu is diner-centric standards with a little (stress little) edginess. Sliced almonds here, Texas toast there- you get the point. I had the Creamed Chipped Beef today. It did the job. A little salty, but better portions than more hoipolio joints. 
The service kinda sucked. Just there, and sort of snarled when I asked for change for a 20. Actually, I was turned down the first time only to have a second server accommodate my seemingly innocuous request. 
Prices were a little high. A lot high, maybe. 
I'd go back, and you could do worse. But if you can, just go to a Full Plate for breakfast.Been to Darling's about 4-5 times - let's just say it is much better at 3am than 12pm on a Sunday for brunch.  I have had omlettes, pierogies, chili, hashbrowns, chicken sandwich, reuben and probably a few other things.  I have to say the chili was great- has both ground beef and sausage slices in it which was a nice touch and the chipolte sour cream great addition.  Omlettes are huge but the fillings are simply sandwiched in between the omlette not cooked in- which is not for me.  Potatoes usually come out soggy and cold which is unfortunate.  I will most likely be back for late night libations and food but not for meals while sober.I took my boyfriend and our friend visiting from Greece to Darling's for brunch on Saturday and I must say, despite the poor reviews, we really have no complaints. Our pretty blonde waitress was nice and professional. I was alittle worried about what vegetarian options I would find at a diner, but our waitress, who was also a vegitarian, recommended the fresh Mozzarella Sandwich on berry wheat...yummy yum! She also recommended the home made balsamic vinaigrette dressing for the salad and to use it as a dip for the sandwich!!! It was so good I made her get me more balsamic!!! My boyfriend and friend also enjoyed their lunches and we were awesomely full. Our waitress tried her best to get us to try their award-winning delicious cheesecakes but we were too full to even contemplate one bite.....but Chai latte cheesecake??? We will definitely be back for you soon! The only issue we had was the long wait for hightop table and the noisy crowd , but we were told that it is typically very busy during weekend brunches so I guess if you have important conversation then avoid the weekends. Oh and the bathroom's....I understand you were very very busy my Darling's...but please keep up with the cleaning. ThanksSitting at Darlings right now finishing my late lunch / early dinner with a groupon. The Mac cheese was delish. The wings had just the right amount of crisp and sweetness to them. My husband's blt had tons of bacon and he loves bacon. To top it off Diane, our server was the best. She knows everything there is to know about their menu and guided us in the right direction. We'll be back!For late night grub, Darling's Cafe delivers. On a weekday, after 10, we were in search of a restaurant that had food without the hype and bar scene. I was hesitant to come here because it didn't get great reviews and there are so many other piazza restaurants. But the portions are generous, the seating is comfortable, and the service was great!
I was craving a turkey melt, which they made by special order for me. The chicken quesadilla platter was big and could be shared as an app among 3-4 people. It's so big it practically overflows from the plate. I wasn't a huge fan of the chop chop salad, solely because I was expecting a chopped salad.  But it was large and I ran out of room for their famous cheesecake, which is probably a good thing. 
I didn't get a good look at the beverage list, but it seems like the right place for a milkshake or float, though I imagine the nearby competition from PYT is the reason this diner isn't packed. 
Would definitely come back for late night eats without the noise. BYOB!First time eating here it was pretty good, I have no complaints, the staff were very friendly and the food was pretty good...I'll have to come here again and see if it loses a star....lol.I realize that 5 stars may seem high - as it's really more of a 3-4 star place but our experience for dessert tonight was way above and beyond our expectations.
After a fairly LOUSY meal at El Camino across the way, we came over just to check out this new "retro-style" diner.  As we could not see any signage we came in and chatted a long while with the adorable, friendly hostess who said that this is "Darling's".
"Darling's"?  I asked.  As in the 20th street and the the other little tiny cute cheesecake makin' Darling's?
Yup.
Wow.  I am blown away - this looks NOTHING like the other two Darlings.  The place is huge.  And immaculately clean.  And Airy  And fabulous.  And the cheesecakes and slammin' Mac 'n cheese are on the menu.  (Con't miss the Bananas Foster Cheesecake.)
And I got quite a caffeine buzz from my STRONG and tasty iced latte.
Went well with the chocolate chip muffin style pound cake.  (Try heating it up, guys!) Yum!
To top it off the Owner came out to chat for a bit and was so kind to us.
Can't wait to come hear with my kid!  She will love it.
I wish them all the best and hope they make it.  There are some pretty bad reviews on here - but to me this place whipped the pants off of El Camino. (Service wise - can't comment on the food - but the desserts at Darling's are really AWE inspiring.)
Go to Darling's!!!!!  Any one of them.Darlings diner is a great place but easy to miss! 
So much is going on in 'NoLibs' so it's easy to drive past it- but don't! It's too good to pass up. 
The "Darling's" name is famous for cheesecake. So you know the cheesecake will be amazing. But the food too is amazing- especially the soup!  I'm a big soup fan. So I always get my soup when I'm there and never been disappointed.
Every once in a while, the owner hosts a 'paint nite' which is a ton of fun too. The owner is extremely down to earth also. He's very in tune with his businesses- it's incredible. He's one of those who doesn't forget where he came from- if you know what I mean. He still gets in the kitchen and makes the cakes and all of that. He knows all of his employees by name and is always in his establishments making sure everyone is enjoying their meals. What an incredible owner!  Oh and he's pretty cute too. That doesn't hurt :-)I love coming here after a night of partying. This place is usually loud and crowded. They are always open , the food is delicious and I always run into friends. The cheese grits and the perogies are excellent.There are a few things I enjoyed here. 1) it's open 24 hours 2) it serves everything 24 hours a day - drinks, breakfast, dinner, dessert, etc 3) they had quite a French toast, and it was good. 
It was 1am, and no other restaurant is open for a snack or dessert. We saw this place open and decided to drop in. To our surprise, it has a full bar and we had to keep our buzz going - We went with the Sangrias. What happens when I drink is that I have the urge to snack. We ordered a breakfast platter, French Toast, and a Guava Cheesecake. The Breakfast wasn't all that great, we asked for our eggs to be over medium, it was pretty much dry, we had to send it back only to receive it sunny side. Eh, what can you expect. The toast came and it was big... and I mean big. I thought it would be dry, with it being such a big slice, but that was not the case. It was pretty awesome - but maybe it was the drinks talking... which may I add was quiet strong. The cheesecake was good too, and different. it's not often you get to see a Berry Cuvee with Guave Cheesecake. 
Will definitely come in and try others again.Breakfast was ok.  Homefries were half undercooked and half overcooked on top of sitting around for an hour (it seemed).  Ham steak a little on the crispy side.  My girlfriend had the blueberry pancakes, those were pretty rockin good.  Also like the carafe of coffee at the table, you don't see that much anymore.  Good service as well.Parking situation in this area. Do not park in parking where Pathmark is being built. They will tow your car. Be warned.We had a good breakfast here. Loved the Belgian waffle and veggie omelet! They had good oj and coffee. Give it a try if you're in the northern liberties aria.The decor is great, but the food is very average. I ordered the gyro with cole slaw. The gyro was so tiny it looked like an appetizer. The cole slaw was the worst I have ever had. I couldn't figure out if it was bad or just pickled. Either way, it was not good. 
   All the people with me felt the same way. Very average food at a higher price.wish someone warned me
don't order the veggie burger 
the patty is 99.9% rice
unless you enjoy eating a rice burger 
and it's $11I love the location, the food and the atmosphere but I simply can't go back due to the consistently bad service. When I last went it was for Sunday brunch. We walked in and the place was busy and the manager was just sitting around not helping at all as people sat waiting for refills on drinks, checks, etc. We should have left when we saw this as it took us an hour to get most of our food and another half hour for our last friend to get his. Mind you there were only 3 of us, the last meal was French toast and we sat for long periods of time with empty classes. 
Long story short: stay away unless you want to be very frustrated as this has been my experience every time I have been there. They need to do some serious changes before I go back as there are plenty of other places in the area to go. Too bad as it has huge potential but not even close to being worth it.With the exception of the friendly owner, this place is just average. Possibly even below average. I was considerably intoxicated while dining here (hey, it was a post-booze diner food binge) so I might not remember a whole lot. I sort of have visions of a clean bathroom but, you know, I could be imagining that, too.
The menu was very limited but it included the basic diner fare (eggs, blah blah, eggs, etc.) so I figured we'd survive. My eggs were okay, not too runny, not over done. My boyfriend said his omelet was just okay, too. I can't even remember what my other friend ate (again, blame tequila). Our server was friendly enough but the place was kind of empty and it just didn't have the authentic diner vibe for which they attempt to be going. Meh, I don't know. Something seemed off, like this place was trying a little too hard. But yet, not enough.
I probably won't come back here, mainly because I could simply go to a real diner and eat the same quality stuff for slightly less money.
This review was kind of weak, I know, but I guess that sums up how I felt about this place altogether. Ah well, better luck next time.Ugh. This place finally pushed me over the edge and inspired me to make a Yelp account. 
The drive home seemed to take forever. No gum, no mints, no tea tree oil toothpicks. I probably would have swished some rubbing alcohol around in my mouth if I had it. I finally made it home, brushed my teeth and listerened and still can't get the taste out of my mouth.
I ordered the Santa Fe Omelet. It came with big soggy potatoes, that were probably cooked first thing this morning (I ate there @ 3pm) and were cold on the inside. Wheat "toast" that you could ring out like a sponge. The omelet consisted of the most un-peppery pepper jack cheese I've ever tasted, soggy red bell peppers, and something that was supposed to be sausage (I'll get back to you if I ever figure out what it actually was)
No love in the food and the cheapest possible ingredients. Major point loss when a diner can't even splurge on crappy Smucker's jelly and gives you Chef's choice instead. 
The waitress never came back to refill my $2.25 cup of lousy diner coffee. When she asked how everything was she was walking away before I could even finish telling her what I thought.
I choked down the food, but now realize my foolishness.  I should have sent it back and left.  I feel so gross...Waitress is super nice and attentive. She's really upbeat and really refreshing. Not crowded for a Friday night. Food came out in a reasonable amount time ad warm.Waited 30 minutes to get our bland sandwich. In that time I noticed how dirty the place was. The sandwich was over $10. Service was crappy. Place is dirty. Enough ?We went to Darling's last night after a horribly disappointing attempt to have dinner a A Full Plate.  We weren't in the mood for a loud bar-type atmosphere(or 30 minute wait), and Darling's looked like it would fit the bill.  We were almost immediately greeted and seated by a very friendly waiter.  We had drinks within minutes.  Being one of the first warm evenings of the year, we chose to sit outside.  After a few minutes though, we decided it was to chilly.  The waiter was happy to let us relocate inside.
Darling's is basically your standard diner, but immaculately clean.  Our waiter was awesome.  The menu was pretty boring, but we weren't exactly in the mood for something gourmet at that point.  The ingredients seemed fresh, and our omelets were rather tasty.  The coffee was pretty good, not too strong.  The home fries were great!  I do think the price was a little high, $10 for the omelet with toast and home fries.
Sadly, we were to stuff to try the yummy looking deserts.  There was a pretty large selection and it made me want to try everything!
If the menu here was more inspiring and original, I would definitely give Darling's 5 stars.Very first time, and the food over all was good! I ordered the classic eggs Benedict downside to that the over cooked my egg. However the hollandaise was really good taste house made. I also had the grits those where a hit along with the bacon!!!! 
The new owner/partner came and apologized for the over cooked egg and comped it! That was great service! Our witness Leah, was super nice great attitude. 
This is a place a would definitely recommend and return to.Ordered a breakfast burrito for $12 and asked for a substitution to be made. Wouldn't be an issue if they were made fresh. Only they're not. Terrible burrito. Not even close to worth the money. Service was friendly but food not worth it.I like the fact that this is a 24 hour cheesecake joint, and they have some good french toast as well. I'm sure that there are plenty of other places that serve these items better but I'm also sure that at 4am, many of them are closed.Finally got around to being underwhelmed here, for brunch, with some friends today.
The place looks cool but the rest doesn't seem to match.  I didn't want to be a snob, but this place makes me feel like one. I can forgive the menu's design, or lack of.  However, the first points deducted were the result of boring content.  Unlike some of my favorite brunch spots in the city, this place doesn't seduce me with descriptions.  Nothing gets me salivating here.  There were 3 standard omelets listed, the kind that are at every diner in ever town.  Additionally, if I have to "make my own" you lose my attention (how boring) and  I get bitter.  You're supposed to do that for me!  The items listed for building your own omelet are standard boring items.  None of the things I find special at the other places I frequent. 
Since just about every menu item is preceded with the branding: "Darling's"  I'm thinking you weren't being charged by the word, yet you do not describe most of your items.  Why would I want "French toast" - why not tell me WHY I should want yours?  Like, what's it made from? what do you serve it with?  When I see it plainly listed with the words "French Toast" I think, frozen breakfast treats.
After looking at the menu for a while, I lost interest in even asking about things.  I went with what is probably safe enough for a hungry guy that made it that far into the late morning only on a mere cookie (don't tell my mom).  I ordered the Greek Omelet.  It was OK; not bad.  The toast was supposed to be rye but it was that supermarket white shaped-like-rye bread and it was barely toasted.  Actually it wasn't toasted, maybe just the crust was a little.  Then, MY BIGGEST GRIPE (here it comes) ... the coffee was WEAK.  Our itemized bill claimed it to be La Colombe Coffee, but Ive never had such weak diner coffee that claimed that brand.  I could've been at a diner that charged half that for a cup of brown water.   . 
I'm glad I tried this place.  I never have to again.  Sometimes you need such reminders of why you wait outside of Honey's and Sabrina's.  They seduce you with their menu for about the same price, without skimping on coffee.
PS: to be fair , I did not try their famous cheesecake but since I'm a coffee snob, I doubt I'll be back.OK, this update is probably long overdue.  Despite my initial poor impression, I ventured back a few months after my original posting, mainly because I had some friends in from out of town and they happened to wander into Darling's after the bars closed.  Since then I have been back many times.  
They have really straightened out a lot of the issues I experienced on my first visit.  For starters, they now have free refills on coffee and the service has improved about 2000%.  The staff is very friendly and I have sat at the counter on several occasions and been given the remote to put whatever I wanted on the TV.
When I originally moved to No Libs, I was shocked that there weren't any late night dining options in the neighborhood, but Darling's has adapted to fill that void.  There are still many better options for normal dining hours, but if the go-to spots are too packed, this has become a viable alternative.It's closed now and I was very sad. Been going there for years. Most recently it was hit or miss but I will miss many things from Caesar salad, calamari fries, pasta, wings and more. So long Darling's!GRRRR DARLING'S! YOUR STRESSIN' US!
I literally just returned home from what was the second worst customer service experience I've EVER had in my life. The 1st worst was at Darling's two weeks ago. 
To start off, I really do want the management to read this and some of the other negative reviews so this place can 'get they sh!t togethaaa!' --This place has made me so angry the last two visits that I'm turning 'hood on them. 
Let's not spend too much time reminisicing on the past--- the experience my boyfriend and I had the time prior to tonight was with a waitress on the morning staff. She gave off a terrible attitude as if we had ruined her morning by making her work. We said thank you for everything, drinks, when our food came, etc.. never once did she say a word back to us. She rolled her eyes over and over and never refilled our drinks or asked how our food was.
TODAY--- We arrived at about 12:15 a.m. and we just got home now... mind you we live 15 minutes away.
There were a lot of kids celebrating their after prom party type of deal there when we went in. We were seated quickly however, but that was the last good experience we had tonight. We waited for over 20 minutes for a waiter to come NEAR us!!! When I say a lot of kids btw, I mean 2 tables worth, so techinically it's not such a big deal that a restaurant can't handle. When the waiter came, he asked what we wanted to drink and as I began to say that we were ready to order, he was outtie 5000. Ten minutes later, our drinks arrived and during the wait time we saw out waiter and two other waitresses drinking sodas/waters, talking and laughing. When our waiter took our order, there was no pen or pencil, nor paper in sight. He had just took the 8 prom kids orders with his memory, so we knew this was bad news bears. 
While waiting forever and making comments about the terrible service, we could not help but notice how filthy the diner was! Hair on the floor, straw trash that was glued to the floor with syrup, what looked like blood covered the floors, and who knows what else?!
Our food was delivered maybe 25-30 minutes later by a female who seemed very friendly. The reason we continue to come to this shabby service diner... the food is pretty decent! However, the order was slightly off. 
BTW--- EVERYONE was complaning about the service. I saw two tables literally have to yell/scream EXCUSE ME SIR... etc., to which the servers would roll their eyes or be like oh I'll be there in a minute. 
I was planning on getting dessert but my bill was brought to me without any questions of coffee, dessert, etc., so I felt rushed for the first time in this diner! Prior to that we waited for 25 minutes with our plates and glasses completely empty while our waiter and others glanced at our table but kept trucking. Funny thing--- the manager was there and last time we saw him there sitting at the counter on facebook. If he doesn't give a shit, why should his employees?
To all the lovely, funny, friendly employees at this diner- tell your fellow staff members to 'step their game up and get their shit in order! I've had plenty of trips with good service and as you can see before I rated this facility 5 stars.
It is going to be a very difficult time winning me back Darlin', I think after these experiences, I will find a diner for late night snacks that not only has good food, but service that doesn't make you want to throw your plate against the wall.Under their new management the food honestly is not the same. It looks nicer and they have a lot more on their menu, but its just not worth going. I would not recommend anyone to go. Unless you REALLY needed something to eat late night.i went in here for breakfast on sunday. i was seated but waited for 20 min for service. finally i got the attention of a waitress who told me it was not her section and walked away. (no "hold on ill get your server") i got up and walked out.Gotta love it.. quick friendly service large portions n considering the area n quality of food very reasonable priced. The fruit n salads are always top shelf n fresh. Im a big foodie n I go out of my way n look forward to eating there alwaysI'm surprised Darling's has such a low review. I've only eaten there once but my experience was great. I went with three other people, all of whom were huge fans of the diner. I ordered one of the day's specials, apricot chicken with mashed potatoes and asparagus, and everything was delicious. Potatoes were light and not too creamy or tough, asparagus was perfect, and the sauce on the chicken was sweet and amazing. We all had different types of cheesecake to take home and they were all really, really good. Service was awesome but the place was pretty empty.I am so glad that I have this diner near me. The breakfast is decent, as well as the sandwiches. They have all your standard diner fare along with some unique items. Their desserts are on steroids. (Your right, Rachel M.) The place is very clean and has a more modern look than your classic diner. The staff is friendly but can be forgetful sometimes. The free parking lot for the whole area is a major plus, too. It's a BYOB also. Darling's is an all around good diner and is located in a great spot.We gave it a second chance and hated every minute of it. 
We live in the neighborhood and were disappointed when we went after it opened. But it has been well over a year, so we thought we'd try again. BIG MISTAKE.
How can a "diner" screw so many things up? The Greek Omelette was the most lifeless thing I've even seen. You could see that the spinach had been frozen and thawed. I've had fresher, more tasty tomatoes from Trader Joe's. The feta wasn't even good. It tasted simultaneously wet and stale. And the egg was like a thin rubber sheath over the whole thing. 
Throw in the hotel-chain quality pre-buttered soggy boring toast triangles  together with the stack of individually wrapped jelly packages that have not one - but two! - kinds of corn syrup as their first two ingredients, and you have a real disappointing mess. 
I would have rather gone to Perkins in the burbs. And I would have rather not spent $30 on two breakfasts figuring this out. 
The only saving grace was our friendly older gentleman of a waiter who playfully scolded us for not finishing our plates. There is no mystery why. The food was terrible. 
I will never go back. Not even at gunpoint.First off, the food is almost always excellent, but note the almost. My friend got some fried potatoes she thought tasted off, and I once had a grilled cheese that was a bit dry. But when it is good, it's excellent.
The prices are pretty much par for the course in that area of the city, so that wasn't anything to raise an eyebrow at.
Service is a bit hit and miss. The waiters are friendly enough, and the owner is pretty nice, but I was once seated next to the kitchen despite the diner being almost entirely empty. Not cool.
I'm giving it four stars instead of three for some truly excellent meals that I've gotten there, and because it's open late.We stopped at Darlings on Saturday afternoon about 1:45.   There were a lot of empty tables, so we thought this would be a breeze.  We were seated right away.  
 We both ordered eggs and toast - coffee and iced tea.  2:30 we were still waiting.  We asked for our check, we spoke to the manager and provided feedback and left.
My advice is to give Green Eggs a try (awesome place 13th & Dicksinson), Morning Glory, Sabrina's all these places beat out Darlings hands down!Darling's is not so darling! After waiting for about ten minutes our waitress ended up seating us. This was after we greeted other staff that walked right by us. The food was ok but heavily priced. Our waitress was nice but completely overwhelmed and frantic. It was an okay experience but I don't think I'll be back.Meh.  That's how I feel about Darling's.  I will admit I meant to go eat at Swallow until I realized they were totally closed for good so this might not be super fair but whatever.  
I just got back and it kind of sucked for me so I thought I'd write about it while it was fresh on my mind.   My husband liked it much more but he got a grilled cheese and milkshake and it is reallllly hard to eff those up so he was fine.  
I ordered the veggie mozzarella sandwich that is supposed to come with pesto, sprouts, arugula, fresh mozzarella and as the menu says "avocaldo or maybe it was avolcado". Oh how I hate when menus have misspellings.  Anyway after asking twice for water we ordered and our food came out pretty quickly.  My avocado was maybe three or four days off from actually being ripe.  We complained right away but our waitress took that as an oh that's too bad moment instead of actually doing something about the second most expensive item in my sandwich that cost $8.95.  Thanks! She even told us later that the chef thought they'd be fine since they were sitting in the kitchen for days, uh, really? I'm no chef but I sure as hell can tell if an avocado is even remotely ripe without so much as cutting into it.  Anyway so I removed it and ate my sandwich and it was just ok.  I am a sandwich aficionado and I make a damn good one so if you have the nerve to charge me $9 for one you better make damn sure it's good or at least fresh.   We got a few check-ins with little heart in them.  Servers please refill waters, please.  I don't really drink anything besides water, I'm not being cheap, I just really, really like it. 
I figured I'd save my experience by getting the one thing Darling's is known for and boxed 1/2 my sandwich to order a slice of white chocolate raspberry cheesecake.  It was pretty much awful and just tasted synthetic with an odd texture.  It reminded me of one of those jell-o no bake desserts.  I left half of it on my plate and did not get a box.  For $5.95 it was a skimpy piece but that's okay I didn't want more than a few forkfuls once I figured out it was gross.  The aftertaste is still with me.  I'll pretty much avoid Darling's at all costs now.  If you're going for a grilled cheese and milkshake you'll be fine but otherwise skip it and go to a real diner, you'll get exactly what you expect and it will probably be loads better, and probably cheaper.I've been here over 20 times over the past year pr so. The food is alright especially after a late night. However, the service is always the worst. It takes forever to get your check and the wait staff never ever comes to ask to see if you need anything... so god help you if they forget ketchup. They seem to finally be doing some surveys to ask about their service so they must know it is lacking, but instead of surveys they should actually try to improve upon their service. The owner is always there, so you think he would realize how horrible the service is.We've been eating at Darling's about 2-4 times per month since they opened. Harry, the man with the cheesecake plan, has been nothing but nice to us since day 1. He's constantly asking us how to make Darling's better and you can tell when you talk to him that he's completely genuine.
I've mostly been getting food from Darling's delivered over the last 6 weeks or so, but I did stop in last night with a friend. Eddy was our server - easy going guy, very happy to help us. Our food came out quickly and was nothing short of delicious. Most importantly, my favorite baked mac and cheese has returned to greatness after a short departure into mediocrity. Hooray!
This visit was nothing extraordinary compared to previous good ones. However, it left me feeling like Darling's could finally deliver the one thing we never saw here before - consistency. The service, the speed, the taste of food, all have been on or above par for a good while now.
May be worth a second chance for any of you who abandoned hope back in the summer.I WANT to Like Darling's--nice outdoor seating, comfy furniture. Very inviting!   But my poached eggs were tepid, at best, the potatoes not warm at all, and they tasted as if they'd been fried in rancid oil. I think they plated mine long before my husband's order was cooked.  His food was hot--but still, when I tasted his home fries--I'm telling you, the oil was rancid.  Oh, well.  At least the coffee was drinkable, at least, if pedestrian.  We won't be going back.The server was SOOOOO sweet, which is the only reason I'm writing this review.  My boyfriend and I went a week or so ago, as a late-night date, and lucked-up on her great service.  We were upset to discover that after we ordered our specialty veggie burgers, we had to change our orders because the kitchen just switched to the later late-night menu... Whatevs, we just ordered the regular veggie burgers and added the specialty items to it anyway.  Nobody wants a plain ass veggie burger, B!  lol 
She got me a cute coffee too, because I was falling asleep. I took a pic of it, so I'll add it here :)
Note to Darlings: Be nice to that girl, and/or give her a promotion. We don't recall her name, but she was a very-fair skinned Black female with pinch-able cheeks. thanks!Had brunch there today with my significant other  &  2  friends.   WHAT A MISTAKE IN GOING THERE !!   Rude hostess who seemed bothered to seat us.  Waitress finally came over to take our beverage order.   The worst part tho was the quality ( or should I say  lack of quality ) of the food.   Not even sure why we game them another chance today,  since last time we ate here it was apparent that they can't prepare  French Fries to save their life.   Cold,  Soggy,  and  over salted.   One of our friends today ordered the sweet potato fries,   which were oversalted the first time,   got sent back  and   came out  not thoroughly  cooked .   Should a customer have to ask TWICE for ketchup when ordering  french fries  ?    We asked for the  in-edible french fries to be taken off of the check,   and they were,   but that does that make it any better of a situation.   All of the waitstaff were more interested in hangin out together &  conversing instead of  coming over to see if we wanted a coffee refill,  or  anything else.   
How are they still in business with as many bad reviews as they've received  ?? 
I'll never return  and  I'll make sure that I tell all of my friends never to patronize the place.A 24 hour diner, so I did not have high expectations going in. Has an old school look to it. Enjoyed the food despite it being a little pricey. I had the buffalo chicken wrap and loved it. My friend got a burger (which you can't really mess up but still) and she enjoyed it as well. It was late with a lot of tables filled, so the service was a little slow. Would definitely pick it over other diners I've been to. Never been there for breakfast/breakfast food, but that will be my next meal when I return.Went there last friday for dinner. I thought the service and the food were great - no problems there. We had the calamari fries, california club, and the cajun burger. Everything was very flavorful and the portions were pretty sizeable. 
My problem with Darling's is as others have said - THERE ARE NO FREE REFILLS ON SODA!! That is ridiculous!! I have not been to a diner or restaurant in YEARS that hasn't had free refills.  Nothing was mentioned either by the waitress as she kept refilling our drinks. I definitely was shocked when we got the bill and saw almost 10 dollars in charges for soda. I've also read that they charge per cup of coffee too at breakfast. That is just absolutely absurd.The host, well if he wasnt on drugs, he sure was acting like he was. Aside from the fact he was incoherent, he couldnt speak properly and was running in literal circles... Then he added 20% gratuity to my PICK UP ORDER... when I questioned him, he ran to the manager who came over in a PANIC. SWEATING and unable to form a complete sentance and blowing me off, said, we can do whatever we want, and if we want to add a 20% tip to a pick up order we will.. SO TAKE IT OR LEAVE IT. Clearly I wont be back to this crack den... I hope my 2$ bought them their crack for the night....First trip to Darlings and enjoyed the experience. My wife and I were served by Terri. Awesome waitress who helped us with our selection and scored on each choice. My wife thoroughly enjoyed her crab cakes and likewise my steak was cooked just as I ordered. Terri added just enuff conversation to make you feel like a regular. And her suggestion to cap the meal off with the classic cheesecake couldn't have been better. Upon finding out that our wedding anniversary was that day, she decorated the cheesecake. nice touch from a great waitress. 
A return visit is a guarantee.I made my way to Darling's for the first time last night.  I had been wary of this place because of the tepid reviews on Yelp from the diner's early days.  But Darling's seems to have improved tremendously.  We had great service, great food and of course a great dessert.  We were greeted and seated right away.  Food came out hot, fresh, and tasty.  The decor was great.  This is a solid place.  The Mac n' Cheese is really good.  I had a cajun chicken sandwhich which was actually seasoned really well.  It was the best cajun rub that I've had in Philly.  It may be expensive for a "diner" but it's really no different than any other place in Northern Liberties for pricing.  If you want an authentic, cheap diner, go to SPring Garden Restaurant on 4th and Spring Garden.  You'll see and taste the difference between what your money buys you there versus Darling's. Oh, and we ate there at like 6:30, not 3 am.  So it's good even at a normal hour.This place was great music was my cup of tea. Me and my boyfriend decided to get food late night and stumbled upon this diner . We read the reviews and decided to try it out. I had a egg white omelette with spinach,tomatoes,bell-peppers, and cheddar cheese with veggie sausage. My food was so good I recommend you ordering it. We also ordered blueberry pancakes and I Cld not stop eating them. Ask for RICO he helped us figure out what we wanted to order as he made the experience unforgettable.Went to Darlings last Sunday. Was prepared for a 'rough' experience as I've heard they opened before they were completely ready..and still smoothing some kinks out.  Not to mention, the less-than-positive reviews here on Yelp.
The menu is diverse, and a tease of what it 'can' be. There are the diner-classics (eggs with breakfast meats, etc). They also have a decent lunch menu. The turkey club was outstanding (with avocado, on toasted multgrain bread, etc).
Coffee was superb (La Colombe, so hard to miss on that).
Service was adequate. Ambiance is a clean, stainless-steel 50s motif. NOT the classic diner you're used to. Goto Penrose or Mayfair diners if you're after that. 
This place has LOTS of potential at the head of the new Piazza. I would increase the offering of eclectic, diverse, wholesome food choices. Stay away from the diner-cookie-cutter-menu experience. Whole grain breads, frittatas, daily specials..outside-the-box diversity & quality will keep em coming. 
Can't wait to go back!lunch menu was great and the setting is perfect but their drinks are a little overpriced.  However on a nice day you can't beat a good burger and outside seating.Absolutely dreadful. It was pretty dead during the prime brunch hour of 11 a.m. I guess everybody knows not to come here, with good reason. 
My boyfriend found a hair in his Bloody Mary. I ordered a bagel with cream cheese but it came out with butter on it. The bagel was a fake roll-type bagel, so even though I got a replacement, I still didn't finish it. 
This diner is filthy. The floors, the walls, the tables. I went to the bathroom and there was poop sitting in one of the toilets. Our server, Debbie, was horrible. She was unprofessional and just super low class. I have never had a server anywhere with a tongue piercing -- is this even permitted? The piercing had a white thing on it so it looked like she had a permanent breath mint in her mouth. It made me lose my appetite. I could say more, but you get the idea. It's a filthy place. Don't eat here. I'm expecting if to be on Kitchen Nightmares soon. It's that bad.This is probably one of the worst places to eat in Philly!  I should have heeded the yelp warnings but I thought I should give the place a chance.  Their ambiance was misleading service by waitress was nice.  The food was horrible my friend order bacon and eggs at least they got that right!  Darlings manager did not make it right when I returned the cold wrong order they still charged me full price which they are overpriced to begin with.  I will never return here!  Heed the yelp review save your money and taste budsWhat kind of a diner doesn't have onion rings? Especially after you been partying all night?I've probably been here 30 times at all different hours over the past year and a half. Not a single time was I disappointed in anything at all; service, food, etc. 
I always get the veggie mozzarella sandwich, or oatmeal the delicious way for breakfast, with little switch ups once in a while. Coffee is always great, service is always been impeccable, food has always been good. I was prompted to write a review finally after my last visit on Monday, May 13. My fiancé and I decided on Darlings for his after graduation lunch with his family. There was 13 of us, and It was probably an hour before everyone finally got there. they had our tables set up and had no problem waiting for everyone to arrive.
They blew me away when I walked in barefoot holding my heels because I had just slipped on steps prior to arriving and maimed my ankle up pretty bad, blood and all. I asked the hostess girls if they minded me walking back to the bathroom barefoot so I could clean my foot off and they immediately jump to action and got me antiseptic wipes and band aids. The service and food on this visit was no different than any other after I cleaned myself up a bit. They even checked on me later to see if I was okay. Great place.Went to tonight with great friends. The atmosphere is ok if you like snobby white people. The menu is extensive which is good. I had the Mac and cheese which is just ok. I also had pancakes (strange combination - I know). The Mac and cheese was ok but not great. And the pancakes were good. The wait time for the food was way too long for what we ordered. It didn't matter because we weren't in a rush, but the waitress could have come over and refreshed our drinks or asked us if we needed anything but that didn't happen. Oh well - next time we will try another place!Managed to be really crappy at breakfast food. :(  Isn't this supposed to be a diner?
My standards aren't even that high, especially after going to a great concert, being slightly drunk and ravenously hungry, but my omelet was one of the worst I've ever had. There were giant chunks of almost raw green peppers filling the center-- way more than the other ingredients-- and when I opened it to scoop some out and cut the rest up (I was really trying here) the inside was watery and there was barely any cheese in it.
The server was nice but everything was really slow even though there were very few customers there (it was 11pm). He brought us our food, but then disappeared into the back until he brought us our check half an hour later, then disappeared again. We waited for 20 minutes for him to take the card and check us out, but he never showed. Finally we went up to the bored-looking woman behind the counter and I asked if we were supposed to pay there. She said our waiter was supposed to do it. I told her we had been waiting for awhile and that we don't know where he went, so would it be possible to just pay there? She said she would go look for him and also disappeared into the back, then reemerged a few minutes later and said she would just take the payment. The mystery of our waiter's disappearance is still unsolved, apparently. I hope he's ok...
Honestly, I really wanted to like this place. It's pretty, and I love when I don't have to worry about places closing, and I like diners in general. The problem is that the food is terrible, they're still charging prices like they're a respectable restaurant (not even diner prices) and the people who work there really seem like they don't care at all.Shame on you Owners and Management, i can't believe you charge 20% gratuity on cheesecake to go.  Really? 9 dollars for a slice of cheesecake? Your cheesecake is good, but it also has a proportionate amount of fat...lets be real...cheesecake factory has better cheesecake and they don't even charge this much.  I am a student in Philadelphia and was hoping to treat myself to a slice last night to only find out its the same price as a full meal... Shame on you!!! I used to bring all my classmates to your establishment for late night meals, but you will no longer be our choice for food.
Yelp-Nation, go to 16th and Sansom (ish) and get a cookie-which from Insomnia cookies.  They have warm freshly baked cookies till 3am, and they have ice cream to make you an amazing cookie sandwich for 4 dollars.  The cookies are amazing and you can get a nice gift box to surprise someone.
INSOMNIA COOKIES - 16th and Sansom-ish - MUCH BETTER, don't pay 20% gratuity on TO GO cheesecake...thats is stealing money!!!Methinks this place blows. The service is not great and the food is expensive. This would all be ok if the food had some flavor. I mean your are a diner you cant do "eggs and homefries." I can do that and Im not a chef. Northern Liberties needs a new diner because this one is shit. Not to be confused with "the shit." Last Friday was my second time there and I wont be there for a third. Oh and thanks for the 20 % gratuity because I'm incapable of doing math.Love me some Darlings. Just had lunch there and it was everything I hoped it would be. 
The Food:
Some of the best hummus I have ever had. Delicious  BLT w/ fries and my friend enjoyed her apple filled salad. O also try the HUMMUS!  
Service:
Excellent. Had three different waitresses taking care of us, everything was given attention and they were very friendly.
Overall:
Only downer is the lack of booz but I will still be back! Our lunch was 40 bucks including tip and worth every penny.
EDIT: they now have booz. 5 stars!Ugh. It's been awhile so I gave them another shot. That was the last strike. The diner was nearly empty but still our food took a ridiculously long time to arrive.  My pancakes had so much chocolate and Nutella on top it was inedible. I flopped over the top cake and ate the other one.  I ordered a side of bacon but that never arrived, we weren't charged for it so that wasn't such a big deal.  My dinner partner in crime ordered calamari.  We've never had calamari with the sauce spread all over it... and I mean all over it. Generally, there is a little cup.  It was awful.  The server was very accommodating and put another order in for us.  By the time it came out, I was done my plate.  After the server passed a few times and didn't clear my plate, I pushed it to the end of the table.  There it sat as she came up two more times to see if we needed anything. The kicker - when she gave me the check, it was attached to a survey to fill out - one of the questions was "were the plates cleared". Sheesh, if you are a server and you know people are getting this survey and that is a question - please clear the plates.  No more, Darling's. Three strikes and you are out.As far as diners go, this place was right on. The service was great- we were sat right away, everyone was extremely friendly, and the server was very attentive, asking to refill our beverages and check on us often.
The food was, well, diner food. It was a little pricey for a diner, but I took half of mine home so it was definitely plenty food. I had a huge omelet that wasn't short on veggie filling with a generous helping of really good homefries and my fiance had a cheese burger and fries. The coffee was actually really good, better than your typical diner by far. Finally we got a slice of cheesecake to go and it was pretty darn good. In fact all of their desserts looked fantastic and delicious, so it was kind of a tough choice!
I'm not sure why the reviews on the place are so bad. The experience wasn't life-altering, but its a diner, so I don't know what people's expectations are going in or maybe this place has made major improvements since the reviews written below. The place was clean, service was friendly and very attentive, and the food was good. Coffee was great. We live pretty far away but if I were in the area again I would definitely stop in for some coffee and to try another dessert.ehhh...we bought 2 groupons for this place so living nearby here we decided to check out this place. overall, we werent too impressed with the food but the cheesecake does make the place. brownies are awful here...do not get them. they are hard and have no taste. 
we ordered cream chipped beef which we had never tried before but if you want to spend the rest of your day drinking water to compensate for the amount of salt intake you ingest then go ahead and try it! 
i tried the 2nd street special which was actualy pretty good with the russian dressing. i got the darling salad another time which was just blah..nothing special at all. 
all in all just okay here. it's nice it's open all night and in the piazza. if groupon does another coupon here we might just buy it just for the cheescake.worst place ever. went to get a gyro hour and half later still didnt come out. soup was salty service was terrible. never go back there againHORRIBLE OWNERSHIP...not to mention the food!  Do not go here unless its the only restaurant open in Philadelphia.  And then, think twice...
My girlfriend and I visited Darling's Diner recently with a Groupon ($20 for $40 of food).  We read all fine print before coming to the restaurant and there were no exceptions that pertained to that particular day (no holiday exceptions, etc.). Following our meal, which was pretty tasteless as far as brunch goes, we informed the waitress of our intent to utilize the Groupon. Since our bill totaled  $24.00, we asked if we could receive a gift certificate for the remaining funds ($40 - $24 = $16).  She said she would ask the manager, who then came over.
This is where the problems began. It is worth noting I have never been approached with such disdain in any restaurant in my life. First, she informed me we could not use the Groupon. After I continued to show her the fine print for about 5 minutes, she finally stated that she would give me the "courtesy" of allowing its use. She then said she would not provide any gift certificate for the remaining funds ($16).  After failing to come to any compromise, I then asked for the owner's business card. Ten minutes went by. 
After finding her again, with no business card, I finally told her we would just pay as we didn't want to use a $40 Groupon for only $24 of food (only gaining a $4 benefit).  At that point, she said "I would like you to leave. I will just 'comp' you for the meal." I told her I would be happy to pay, but she had a large, large gentleman escort me and my girlfriend out of the restaurant. It was extremely embarrasing and utterly unprofessional.  At least the waitress was nice, so left her a nice tip! (had to sneak in after being thrown out to tip her, though)
When I got home, I checked my Groupon account and the restaurant had used the Groupon! So, the manager threw me out of the restaurant, told me we would be comp'd (despite my intention to pay for the bill), lied to me and then charged the groupon account anyway!  After a phone call to the GM, he told me the manager had told him that she never said she would "comp" us for the meal. Another outright lie...with her actions amounting to thievery.  They have refused to offer a refund.
So...the restaurant has continued to lie to me, and basically stole $20 from me.  Can't really recommend this one too highly...BBB has been contacted.The food here is AMAZING but not worth the price. I recently stopped in and had the "make your own omelet." While the omelet and hash browns were great, the $5 omelet quickly became a $7-8 omelet when I added a topping or two (I didn't want just egg). While I'm not a huge fan of omelets, I just wanted a cheap breakfast and this was the cheapest thing on the menu. Most items were well over $10 (which makes me believe ISN'T a "diner"). Also, we planned to have mimosas before realizing they are $8 and come in a flute half the size of what you'd expect. The waitress told my friend she'd "make you a vodka and coke in a tall glass with little ice." God bless this woman and God help these prices.The best establishments, for me, are the ones where I feel like I connect with the owners, like there is a human face to the business. And that is exactly the way I felt about our serendipitous visit to Darling's Diner last night. 
After parking in the free lot near the Piazza, we saw Darling's and thought we would blow through--quite literally, as "blustery" would be an understatement for the tornadic conditions last night. 
We sat at the bar to get a drink, and it turns out that one of the owners was tending bar. He asked us if it was our first time there; we said it was. Upon hearing that we were first-timers, he went into the back and called the other owner to come out and meet us. They both introduced themselves, asked where we were from, and were exceptionally welcoming. 
While we didn't plan to eat anything, as we had reservations coming up, they talked us into a couple of small plate appetizers that were freaking delicious. The pierogies were just insane. They came out in a kind of alfredo cream sauce, and were amazing. We also had the potato pancakes, which come with some high-quality apple sauce and sour cream. They also recommended the cheesecake (it had won an award), but we decided not to spoil dinner--next time, for sure though,
The beer selection is also very good here. They have some good local brews on tap (Kenzinger, etc.) and a good bottle selection--everything ranging from Rogue Dead Guy through Colt 45! (I really wanted to get a picture of myself drinking the latter and Photoshop it together with a picture of Lando Calrissian for my Facebook profile pic! Ok, I am a nerd.)
Anyway, I would highly recommend stopping by to support this place and its wonderful owners.I enjoyed my meal. The food was good and the portions where hardy. I'll probably come back again. I'd say this is a good diner spot to come back to. Not the greatest but no where near the worse. The cheesecake was good. Simple as that. I even wanted to eat my leftovers, so that's always a good thing. I went with my family for Father's Day and I just asked my Dad if he would go back and he said he would, so I'll give them another star just for that.I went darlings a week ago, I needed some french toast on the late night. They (french toast) were soo good. I also got a side of bacon , it was also great! Today I went for breakfast(early) I ordered eggs over easy, they 3/4 still raw...ewww. And my bacon that was so good last time at 9pm was microwaved at 10am. I will give it two more chances because it's close to my house..And I have to try the cheesecake.I enjoyed my food at Darlings a lot but the service was seriously lacking. It was great to be seated very quickly when many of the other restaurants in the area have long waits but we waited a long time to order drinks and food, even when told she would be right back. I also found the food to be overpriced, even for No Libs. If they made their portions more manageable size and took a dollar or two off the price I would feel like I was getting a better value. I'm sure I would like it more if I lived in the Piazza and they delivered to my door and it would be worth the extra $$$.being a broke college student, you're always looking for great eats with friends that isn't that inexpensive. we had many good times there. the cakes are all their own recipes which are orgasmic! and its also a great BYOB spot just to relax and enjoy a few apps with good company. 
the servers are really nice and friendly and fun to be around :)Darling's Diner has the worst service I have experienced in a long time.  Three different servers, who were not our server, took drink orders/refills from us and the woman that was actually our server only came to our table once to take our order.  
My friend said his meatloaf sandwich was fine but I ordered the Huevos Rancheros and it was one of the worst meals I've had in recent memory.  It consisted of overcooked scrambled eggs topped with "salsa" (flavorless stewed tomatoes), black beans in a cup and pieces of cold tortillas on the side.  Disgusting!
I will never go back.I have had some bad experiences at Darlings.  So I went to check it out for the first time in 6 mos because PYT was too crowded.  I must say the service has improved a lot!  Our waitress was great and she had some good suggestions for the menu and the drinks were delicious!  One thing to improve is bussing the tables a little quicker.  Overall, a good experience!I would give this place zero stars if I could.... I went here with a group of 8 people. It took ten minutes for our waitress to come over and say hello. After we asked for water it was literally twenty minutes for water. By this point, two friends were so furious, they got up and left, leaving six of us. She finally took our orders about thirty minutes after we were seated. We waited for another thirty minutes before complaining about the wait... The waitress told us she would get the manager for us. 
When he came out we told him that we were all really angry because of the long wait. He responded with "everyone has to wait" we asked that he would waive our mandatory 20% tip and he told us that was not possible. When we told him that we would just leave the he responded with "be my guest." So that's exactly what we did. We were in darlings dinning for about an hour and a half and only received water, coffee, and an attitude. 
Let me just add that it was 5 in the morning and was definitely not that busy. I will NEVER go here ever again. It's one thing if a waiter or waitress is rude but completely unacceptable for a manager to treat customers so poorly.  Never again.Darling's is the first place I've tried over in the Piazza.  I went here this past weekend for lunch to check out the new construction... yea, i'm a little slow on that one.  Anyway, Darlings was a really cool looking mid-century modern diner... I really liked the interior, and it sets the vibe just about perfectly.  You can tell they spent some time on the details... everything from the upholstery of the booths to the vintage cafeteria floor. Very nice touches.  
Anyway, it's too bad it wasn't a furniture store, because as a restaurant it was just kind of ok.  I had the turkey sandwich w/ the russian dressing and cole slaw... it tasted ok, but the turkey was dry and the fries were limp.  Since i'm addicted to macaroni and cheese, I had to see how their version was... It was not really up to par with most of the other pubs in philly that have the staple soul food.  It was missing something... and the breadcrumbs had this strange neon orange color that didn't really look that appetizing to me.
I can tell they're still working out the kinks - the manager came over to check on us and was really interested to hear what we had to say.  I think this place has potential, I hope they figure things out.This review is only for the cheesecake, we haven't eaten a meal here yet.
I used to frequent the Darling's Cafe on 20th and Lombard before it closed down.   I would go there for breakfast sandwiches or cheesecake.  I was sad when they closed. 
Now that NoLibs is my new stomping ground, I was excited to see their posh new digs.  Sleek high ceilings, booth seating and stools for counter service.  I had the pumpkin cheesecake and he had the peanut butter swirl.  Both were heavenly.  My favorite byfar is still their award-winning Bananas Foster cheesecake, but I really want to try the one with belgian chocolate ganache on top.
One more thing... our server was excellent because I wanted a smoothie and they didn't have the flavor I wanted stocked in the front of house, so she went to check the deliveries to see if they had it.  They did. Extra points for her for going out of her way... However -- I do NOT recommend the smoothies at all.  I had the mango smoothie and it was basically all ice.  I could barely even drink it, just chunks of ice would go up my straw with a little mango flavoring.  I only had about half of it and it was a whopping SIX DOLLARS.So tonight was girls night out. I have a gluten allergy so to make things easy on the cook I ordered a plain house salad with a boiled egg, ranch dressing and shrimp that the cook agreed to cook in a new pan and not on the grill. Now I didnt expect much since it was late and its a diner hence my choice of a salad.  When it came out it had balsamic vinagrette, the cucumbers looked like it had bread crumbs on them, and there was no egg.  The waitress apologized took the salad back to fix and then the manager comes out apologizes then tells me the cook cant clean the grill to make my food cos its really busy right now and that he will just comp the bill for my table. Um sir I ordered a salad so there was no need for the grill...so that lets me know you had no clue what i ordered and you acted off of knowing I had a gluten allergy and my order was wrong. 
Anyway yes its in a trendy up and coming spot but if u cant even get a salad right you can bet I won't be returning!Downgrade. They still get a pass due to the first meal we had there, but our last visit was a disappointment. The apple cinnamon pancakes I had were weak, and my gf's eggs we're not cooked the way she asked (this is the second time in as many visits where this has happened). After I specifically asked for my bacon well done, they brought me out a plate that looked liked it had barely been cooked, and as a result was barely edible. It's a sad, sad thing to look at your table and see plates of food you don't want to eat.Total disappointment, I didn't come here to look cute while eating; I wanted to fill my stomach. I ordered the waffles and was surprised to only get one fucking waffle with a liberty bell stamp. Sure, charge me the gratuity for the inattentive waitress that didn't bother to give us utensils. The guy adjacent from me ordered 5 wing dings $7, what grown man wants 5 wing dings? Overall, it's a diner for overpriced kids meals.I had wanted to try this place since the first time I visited the Piazza, and I finally was able to try it. 
A cute little inviting space, I tried the delicious oatmeal. It was the most heaping bowl of oatmeal I have ever laid eyes on! 
My tablemate chose the meatloaf, and I was enticed to grab some of the whipped potatoes with gravy. YUM-MY! 
I will def go back to actually try the dessert,but def think you should try.Waitress syggested the PORT RICHMOND PIEROGIES  as an appetizer. I tried it wth a side of fries.The fries were pretty bland. 
The pierogies however were really good. Lets face it, there are really arent any bettsr place to get homemade pierogies than from port richmond. Darlings puts their spin on it by serving alfredo sauce atop them which was a nice change from butter or sour cream.
Darlings is a hiply decorated diner in NoLibs next to the Piazza at Schmidts. Good parking at 630 pm. 
Friendly service.Stumbled into here after a night of drinking with about 8 people for a late night breakfast around 2am.
I ordered blueberry pancakes and bacon...the pancakes were absolutely delish, tons of blueberries and the batter actually had a flavor to it unlike most pancakes. I'd been having cravings for them lately and these hit the spot. I also tried a bite of an omelet with chorizo and that was really yummy too. The bill was surprisingly not too bad for 8 hungry drunks and the owner or manager was super friendly.Long wait to be seated and the girl literally walked us through the entire restaurant weaving around flocks of people being loud, standing up and basically having a delaware avenue style party inside only to literally sit us right next to the bathroom. The place was well under 50% capacity. I asked if we could sit somewhere else and she was totally dumbfounded and I had to point out several options until she finally decided to sit us directly next to the obnoxious party. 20  minutes later we place our drink order with a very nice girl. 
  The food. I got catfish with grits $12. The grits were very good, the catfish reminded me of the cartoons where they slice something so many times that you can see through it. The fries were standard diner fries, not a large portion for $5, the wings were standard corner pizza joint wings and were 5 for $7  pretty lame. The wait for food wasn't terrible for us, about 35 minutes, but there was two tables of sleeping people waiting for food that were there before is and there when we left. 
  I would never recommend this place to anyone I liked. Half of the staff is nice and the other half is inept. I forgot to mention the mandatory 20% tip for any dine in party of any size. This place is a disasterThe meal we just had at Darlings was marked by manipulative service, a long wait, a high price, and brown lettuce. My husband ask for a coffee and the waitress asked "fresh ground beans or pre-ground beans?" which seems like a silly question to which anyone would answer "fresh ground." What she was really asking is if she could trick him into ordering a more expensive Americano instead of brewed coffee.  I heard her do it again at other tables. Aside the extra couple bucks, an Americano isn't the same as a brewed coffee. Next problem was that I ordered the club from the brunch menu. After a long twenty minutes, I received a club with no avocado or sprouts on white instead of wheat bread. She told me that I said "Turkey Club" and that I needed to specify "California Turkey Club." There was only one club on the menu, so it seemed weird that it was my fault. She said she didn't know what was on the brunch menu. What? She offer to have it remade, but we had already waited so long that I just asked for the avocado and sprouts on the side. When I opened the sandwich the lettuce was brown and wilted. Gross. Had to ask for more water, which also seemed like a mark of poor service. The bill: $32 for two sandwiches, a coffee and a tomato juice. There are so many great places to eat within a stones throw of Darlings that this place just isn't acceptable. Never again.No. Never.Looks like Darling's has been paying attention.  That's really good to hear.  In fact, there's a write up on philly.com http://bit.ly/AM9Ho where a few of our issues were addressed.  
I may go back in a month or two.  For now, you earned yourself a star Darling's.  Keep this up and a five starer isn't out of the question.I wish I had listened to myself the last time I went to Darlings and said I wouldn't return due to numerous service issues. I went again today (thinking maybe things had improved) and experienced the same long wait to be seated despite countless empty tables. We waited to receive menus. Waited to order. Waited a looong time for the food.  We had to intercept a manager with the strawberry blonde beard when our request for ketchup went unheeded. We also requested another bottom bread for an overly soggy sandwich. Instead of skillfully handling the requests, he went and told our server, who promptly ignored them. When I was halted in my lunch with no other food to munch on until the bread was corrected, I talked to the manager-type guy again...who said he'd tell my server again. (I mean, duh! Just go get the damn bread yourself.) 
The restrooms were unclean. The outer door was broken and the automated sinks blast scorching hot water onto the visitors who actually want to leave cleaner than when they exit those atrocious stalls. I'm not sure if it's sleazy clientele or broken toilets that account for the smelly and unsightly facilities.
Please hire more kitchen staff & waiters so your customers can receive decent service and eat in a reasonable amount of time after being seated! And for God's sake mandate regular cleaning of the bathrooms throughout the day.
I would never recommend this place to friends and because I don't want to reward Darling's piss poor management style, I won't be referring enemies there either :PIf you don't want to serve decent food late at night, don't stay open.  No one likes to pay for eggs that came from a box.  
(Should note that I've been here several times, different times during the day- the food has gotten worse and the service is hot and cold.)I've been meaning to write about this spot for a while, and it kind of slipped my mind.  At this point, I don't feel like going into too much detail, and there's too much to criticize.  I hate the decor and atmosphere.  This place has as much charm as a dumpy doctors office.  The harsh lighting is horrible, especially at late night hours.  There are booths to sit in, and you should be lucky enough to get one so you're not on a hard plastic chair stranded in the middle of a sea of diners.  The space has high ceilings and lots of hard surfaces, so expect it to sound like a sporting event, even if there are only a few people.  
Speaking of sports, why do you have three televisions, none of which are playing the Phillies when I walk in.  There were no other sports going on.  And when I ask for the game to be put on, no one working there even knows what channel to put on and my request is eventually ignored.  
Which brings me to the service.  I reserve some judgement because I caught a server during a shift change, but overall it was shoddy service.  I shouldn't have an empty coffee cup on my table for a majority of the time I'm seated.
My last complaint is the prices.  $22 for two coffees, and pies ala mode?  Are you seriously charging $1.95 for two tiny scoops of ice cream along with my slice of pie?  The slices of pie an enormous, and around $6 each.  I don't want a slice of pie the size of Kansas.  Just because we're American, we don't have to be fat and indulge in overeating every chance we get.
Bottom Line: The only reason I could see someone going here is if you're in Northern Liberties and you want to eat between the hours of 3 and 4 am.  Before 2am, there are a million better choices, and between 2 and 3 visit the new Dapper Dog.  There's so much wrong with this diner.Yuck! ...is the first word that comes to mind.
Darlings is not a place I would have sought out based on the reviews but my friend had a Groupon Deal so we decided to check it out.
First of all our server was incredibly slow, rude, and just plain awful.  The service was slow, our drinks arrived 20 minutes after we ordered them and the food took forever as well. I ordered a turkey sandwich that was incredibly dry and mediocre at best. I was hoping their "famous" cheesecake would make up for the below average meal and poor service but it definitely did not. Not only did I stop eating the cheesecake after 3 bites, I didn't even ask for a to go box because it was just that awful. I felt like I had to force myself to eat the third bite. I have no idea why they claim to have good cheesecake because I've had frozen cheesecake that was better than what they served me.
I'll never go back and will not recommend this place. I'll stick to Dos Segundos, Standard Tap, or Gunners Run when I am up in Northern Libs.
(On one positive note- the outside seating area is good for people watching).Clone Caroline.  This lovely, old-school (but not old!) server saved Darling's butt, and earned them an extra star.  I was there on Saturday afternnoon -- around the same time as Lucy H. -- and it was fairly empty.  I sat at the counter figuring service would be quicker there and since it was just me, why hog a table?  Staff walked by a number of times without even acknowledging me; the owner, in fact, was talking with a woman two stools over and he didn't even look in my direction, yet alone see if any of his staff had.   
Here is where Caroline comes in: in a flurry of activitiy, while scurrying to her other tables behind me and ringing up someone's order, she still manages to put her hand on the counter in front of me, look me in the eye and ask, "has anyone taken care of you, honey?"  She flags a busboy to get me a menu and water and as soon as she finishes with her other tables, she's back to get my order.  In the meantime, though, the only other person who's been by (other than the busboy with water and menue) was another owner or manager and his only concern was reminding people where not to park.  Anyway, I ordered the creamed chipped beef (I was starving and still had a three-mile walk back).  It arrived almost immediately, not surprising since you make it huge vats.  It was pretty good ... a little too thick and not enough spice other than salt (white pepper would have been good).  The chipped beef was good - Lancaster, Amish produced - but there wasn't a whole lot of care put into taking it apart to add to the sauce: There were some huge chunks of beef (layer upon layer).
All in all, I'd go elsewhere; I kind of hope Caroline does too.Do yourself a favor and listen to the other reviewers and stay away from this place. 
A group of my friends stopped for late-night food a few weeks ago and ordered some omelets and a cheap (really cheap) bottle of champagne to split - we were celebrating; however, we got charged for individual glasses of (terrible) champagne (literally 3x what the bottle cost) and the rude and dismissive manager said there was nothing she could do about it. Sadly, the server admitted her mistake and yet and the manager still would not fix it and told me I was wrong. This is what I get for not examining the bill before letting them run my card. 
Additionally, the gratuity was automatically included, boosting the check even more. This is called stealing. I currently work in the restaurant industry and have over 10 years of restaurant experience and I have never experienced such terrible customer service and dishonesty. The food was 3 stars, at best. 
I tried to clear this up via a private email because I hate when people rush to social media to complain rather than give the restaurant a chance to make it right, but my email was ignored. Not surprised.I went to Darlings diner on a Monday night and they were very understaffed.  So much so that the waiter had to also cook the food. Luckily there were only 2 tables there.   Needless to say, there was a long wait, but that was understandable.  
While waiting we were playing games on my phone at the table, and I mistakenly left my phone there.  I called the next day and the person answering the phone acted like she had no idea what I was talking about.  So I had to actually drive back over there.  
Once I walked in, the waiter recognized me immediately and said he found my phone and put it right at the hostess stand.  He went to get it, but someone had already taken it.  He told me to try calling again when the Owner came in.  
So I called the next day, spoke with the hostess again.  She acted like she had no Idea what I was talking about, but somehow that she knew that I had a Verizon phone when I never said that it was Verizon.  She started getting snappy with after she said that as well.   I put 2 and 2 together and it was clear that she had kept the phone herself.  
When we called the owner, he didn't seem to care that his staff had stolen a phone.  He was very rude saying "he didn't care about some girls phone", and that his staff stealing from customers was out of his control.  He didn't deny that there was theft, just made it clear that he would do nothing about it. 
I filed a police report. and bought myself a new phone.  But some of the employees here are thieves, so don't leave your stuff.  The waiter was very helpful and hardworking though.  
Also, El Camino Real across the street has great food :)I showed up with my boyfriend and a coworker last Friday night (technically Saturday morning at about 2AM. We were seated pretty quickly, but never even spoke to a waitress. I get that this diner is a popular place, especially when the bars have closed, but the three of us sat there for half an hour without service while a group of six or seven sat at the table next to us and were attended to immediately. 
When this half dozen was served their food while we still hadn't been asked what we wanted to order, I hopped up and asked the woman at the register if we could put an order in because we'd been sitting there half an hour. She looked at me totally exasperated, sighed and spat, "I'm doing the best I can!" I was not going to put up with that. I put on my coat and as I was leaving the table, the woman came over asking if we'd like to order. I said, "No, thanks. Not anymore," and she turns to my boyfriend and makes some nasty comment like I was being the rude person in the situation. 
I had heard such good thing about this place and was so excited to try it, but after the way I was treated, I won't be going back.Typical diner food, normally only come late when all else is closed and they serve alcohol. I haven't had a bad experience as others have. ladies be careful if you wear heels as the floor can be slipperySlow service, no fresh orange juice, rather small portions and they charge extra when you ask to substitute something. 
Food quality is ok but not exceptional.Decent grub, but overpriced and a weird atmosphere. Prefer a real diner like back home!Today I went to use the Darling Diner Groupon ($15 for $30 worth of food) I purchased a few months ago. The promotional value had expired on December 13, 2013, however, stated in the fine print, in bold lettering I might add, it said the purchase value NEVER EXPIRES. When you go to open the actual voucher it says that it is good for $15 (original purchase price) and lists an expiration date of Dec 13, 2013, which I assume is where the confusion came in. Based on that the Restaurant manager claimed that I was trying to present an expired Groupon  and that even for the purchase price which it clearly states  NEVER EXPIRES, had expired. Since I refused to pay the bill, I also insisted that they call the police as a mediator. The police said that he could not force them to honor the coupon (which is fair and true) and that I had to pay, therefore I have paid twice for my meal at this point. 
Moreover, I have been humiliated and I feel that the manager who was very snide and curt, refused to give me her name (Black female, around 4:45p Sun March 2nd, 2014) and reluctantly gave me the owners information; her attitude only served to exacerbate the . This dining experience has left a horrible taste in my mouth (absolutely no pun intended) and I will be sure to make everyone aware of the disrespect, poor service and shoddy business practices at Darlings. 
I WILL NEVER EAT AT THIS ESTABLISHMENT AGAIN!...and will repost this on every single social media platform that I am attached to.Darling's by far, not your average diner, but you will enjoy their take on the diner experience. I must say I love the 1950's nostalgia without it being very literal unlike most diners. It's a very modern twist on that era minus the art deco eye sores. 
A very good tip unless you like massive crowds it try and get there when a massive crowd won't be expected like when the area bars let out and the drunks start to descend upon the place to appease their hunger.
I had a pleasant female sever by the name of Sam that was very eager to give us the rundown on the tastiest items on the menu. I opted for Breakfast, which I was in the mood for at the time. Sam kindly introduced us to the infamous cheesecake stuffed French toast, which I can only describe as a decadent guilty pleasure; taste festival. I then ordered the Chirizo omelet, and a bowl of cheese grits that you can tell were made to order and not sitting in a pot to ferment all day. Very fresh and very delicious. I must say this has got to be my favorite diner thus far in the city topping Stephen Star's Continental take on the diner. I will definitely be returning.Standard diner fare in a nice environment. Service was friendly but slow. For similar money, Sabrina's or Honey's are better choices. They have a bar though, which is nice.Used Groupon to pay for my meal. I called ahead of time to see if I would need cash and they said no. When I arrived I asked again about the check they said that we will handle it after we ate. So when they gave us the check they said of total was $26 even and on groupon I paid for $30 worth of food. I took them that I was full and they can jus make the bill $30 even so I could leave. They leave told me that I would have to order more food to make the bill an even 30 or over 30. I then told them I didn't care what they added I was just ready to go. They then added a $4 milkshake and a 2.50 bottle of water. So then my total was now 4.50. I know that's not a lot of money but the catch is I left my wallet home. So I had no money. I then asked how did I go from under $30 to over by $5. They then said I had to use the whole $30. I said ok but why did they add the most expensive thing so that they could get they money plus some. They then said we can't not fix the bill anymore the only thing we could do is take $1 off. I was pissed I had $1.25 and I gave that to them and I then owed 1.15 they said I had to pay. Why wouldn't they let me go for $1 and I didn't even use all of the $30 from groupon. The customer service is trash.This place is great! My friend loved, loved, loved the corned beef hash. I'm pleased with the portion size and the pricesThis place just gets more and more distasteful.  The food is still okay although they cannot cook eggs right to save a life.  The service is hit and miss, generally slow but the servers for the most part are nice enough.  The issue is the little decisions the owner makes.  They stopped providing Splenda or equal.  I cannot believe that this decision was based on popularity but on miserly attitudes.  I just paid an extra dollar for take out.  Wtf?  I keep saying I'll never return but they are still the most convenient breakfast place for me so I keep gluttoning for more.  Oh we'llLooking back, I really don't know why my colleague picked this diner of all places to take a minor celebrity who was visiting from out of town and sick to death of cheese steaks. It was about 15 minutes drive out of the way from where we were, and not only was it nothing special, but the service was slow as molasses in January. We weren't really in a rush, just tired and hungry after a very long day. The servers seemed bored and mechanical, which didn't help the situation one bit.
There wasn't anything on the menu that leapt out for any of us. I ended up ordering the chicken cordon bleu sandwich which was okay, as were the fries and coleslaw on the side. 
Clean diner, orderly clientele, and the food is not disappointing, but I wouldn't go out of my way (again).We were at the piazza on Saturday and stopped in for brunch/lunch with low/no expectations, but were all really impressed with the meal.  While it is trying for the hipster vibe (which you'd probably guess even before reading about the Hipster's Paradise on the menu), it's still a very kid/family friendly spot - immediately brinigng coloring books and crayons to my son when we sat down.  As for the food... the Huevos Rancheros - while not being done the way I traditionally see them (no beans... tortillas on the side) - were amazing, with way more spice and flavor than I expected from a diner.  The tilapia BLT was gigantic, but still devoured.  And even the chicken fingers were done much better than they needed to be - with some great dipping sauces that didn't just come from a bottle.Some friends and I ate. Food was really good. Too many items on the menu looked great. I had a burger that was delicious. Service was good and everyone was happy. Definitely will be back when I am in town.The first time I went to Darlings was a few years ago.  They placed me at the bar and right in front of me was their health inspection describing how they had rats.  I read the whole thing but was with a friend that wanted to try it so we stayed.  They never moved the health inspection from in front of my seat until they finally brought my food.  The food was just okay.  
I had not been back since until a couple weeks ago and thought I would give it another shot.  The service was the worst.  My friend and I was so annoyed.  Our waitress would not check on us so we asked another waitress for refills and she ignored us also.  I finally had to get up and get it myself.  The place was not busy at all so I couldn't even justify the bad service with it being busy.  The food was very disappointing also.  My friends dish came with bacon and he asked if he could have sausage instead.  Our waitress charged for the sausage.  I should have not given them another chance.  I will never go back.How I wish I had seen and/or read reviews about this diner before I went.  However, I was with friends who had been before so I figured it must be nice.  Boy was I wrong.  We had a party of 7 but the wait was so long for brunch that we decided to just split up at two booth which wasn't a big deal.  OVERALL, the food was fine, nothing to write home about.  Our server was pleasant and friendly.  It wasn't until the meal was over that the problems began.  We left our booth and someone in our group ran into an old friend so while he chatted, I decided to purchase a slice of cheesecake.  The "hostess" asked did I let my server know.  I told her no, I just decided.  She begrudgingly left her post to wrap up my slice.  I had no idea it would be such a bother as she seemed really put out at the fact I had the nerve to change my mind and make an ADDITIONAL PURCHASE of dessert after I paid for my meal.   Well she was even more PO'd when another friend in the group decided on dessert as well.  By this time I was outside waiting for the rest of the group as it was sort of bottlenecked at the door.  Anyway, this friend came out and told me that this same hostess gave her her change minus, well, the change! When my friend asked where it was, the hostess replied, "Oh you wanted the change?"  What the heck?  Really? Nerve.  To top it all off, while we were getting cheesecake, my other friend was looking for his wallet.  We hadn't been out of the booth more than 3 minutes and no one else had been seated in our place.  So my friend asked the hostess if anyone turned in a wallet because his wallet was missing, to which she replied, "Are you sure you had it? I saw you patting your pockets."  Unbelievable!   Needless to say, a dreadful experience.  If I never visit Darling's again it will be too soon.Since my other fab breakfast spot "The Hinge" recently closed, my coworker and I stopped here for breakfast after a trying 12  hours of night shift! Was surprised that it was so empty! Always makes me a little apprehensive. But over all it was pretty tasty for a breakfast. Western omelette is what I always end up getting. Although I hear the stuffed French toast is where it's at especially when you pick the cheesecake to stuff it with. It would really take a lot to screw up breakfast so I would probably try it again for some other fare and to enjoy the Piazza atmosphere. Pricing seemed to be ok. Although $22 after tip for an omelette and coffee seemed a little much. Looking forward to going again!Lots of folks have reviewed this and I ain't going against the flow. I had a good Ruben but the service was sketchy at best. Got out order in and on the table then our waitress disappeared. Oh well, the bill got paid but it was like I had committed a faux pas by involving someone else in the process. Go if you have plenty of time to deal with the social issues.Breakfast and a beer at 11PM on a Thursday night?  Game on.
Darling's is a chic dinner in the ever growing Northern Liberties section of Philadelphia.  An extensive but not overwhelming NJ diner style menu of breakfast, lunch, dinner and desserts.  Plenty of indoor seating with some nice outdoor seating right on the Piazza.  Fire pits and outdoor flat screen tvs make this place perfect for a beer and a pancake on a cool summer night .
As with any good diner, the portions are pretty massive.  I tend to stick with the breakfast items myself.  It seems like the go-to item is the "hipsters paradise" which is a massive stack of pancakes with nutella and peanut butter, but I tend to stick with the more traditional sunny side up eggs, hash browns, and bacon.  Solid, filling, but somewhat expensive.
Overall, there isn't anything mind blowing about this place other than the portions and the some of the prices.  I enjoy it because it's generally a quiet spot to have a late dinner on a week night.  All bets are off on a weekend morning though.I've been to Darlings about 8 times since they've opened and aside from a few nights were the crew was on the ball after 2am, I've had nothing but horrible experiences here.  
We went in today for dessert at about 6pm. We simply wanted 3 waters and 3 slices of pie.  Once we ordered our pie, it took 15 minutes to get to our table.  Seriously, if Darlings were a real diner we would have had that pie in less than a minute.  Especially since they're so high and mighty about their desserts (which suck).
The place wasn't too busy and looking around it seemed like most customers were also waiting for their server / food.  I don't think anyone even had any food in front of them.  The people across from us waited almost as long as us just to get some tea.
I've never left more than a $3 tip here for the whole table because of the crap service. Usually I leave nothing.  Yes, it's that bad.  I would give Darling's a ZERO if I could.Food was so-so ordered chocolate chip kids pancakes got regular pancakes! Luckily my kid isn't to picky. I had the ranchero beans eggs potatoes it was so greasy and cold, not like any of the good farm to table restaurants. Overall disappointedI used to really like this place, but I must have just been in really good company or maybe my memory was really generous. 
I suggested this as the place of choice for dinner with a friend and excitedly recommended Hipster's Paradise, pancakes promised with nutella, peanut butter, blueberries, and bananas. 
I couldn't even see pancake because of how much peanut butter was drenched on these alleged "pancakes." It was disgusting and pretty much inedible. Either their customers are typically stoned, or the person preparing the dish is, because NO ONE would deem that an appropriate amount. 
The chicken tenders are very good there, but the fries are abysmal. Even when they are heated up right, they still taste undercooked because of how they are prepared. Gross, gross fries. 
All I'd say is at least the chicken sandwich on brioche saved the day.
Waitress was nice but NEVER came to refill waters. Had to ask for everything. 
Crumby place amongst a sea of diamonds in the n. liberties area. Walk yourself to Bar Ferdinand, Dos Segudos, or any of the like!great spot if its 3am bcuz nothing else is open. very expensive for mediocre diner food. i had a chicken cobb salad and my companion had two eggs over easy with bacon and home fries and we each had a beverage and the bill was $33 (including tip). way overpriced and the food was not very good. our waitress was super nice. my salad was GINORMOUS but not very tasty at all. side note: the ladies room was a wreck. my companion informed the waitress and she immediately informed the manager who immediately sent someone in to clean it. not sure i'd recommend this place to anyone.Pretty disappointed with this place.... I've eaten here before and brunch was always pretty good. I don't know if they hired new cooks or the manager is new but I def wasn't pleased with my meal or the service. My boyfriend and I came for brunch on a Sunday we wanted to sit outside so we had to wait about 15 minutes; no one asked us nor told us there was a wait we just assumed... Usually when you walk into a restaurant the first thing the hostess does is ask for your name or at least acknowledge the fact that you are there. Then I just asked the hostess if we can sit outside and if we can have a menu so we can start figuring out our order. 
Once we were seated we had to wait about 25 minutes for our meal. My boyfriend had ordered steak & eggs, he also stated that he wanted his steak "well done". I had ordered a few sides and we both ordered the cheesecake French toast assuming it was huge (since we had it before). 
My scrambled eggs were hard (yes hard) and my hash browns weren't fully cooked not to mention they forgot my bacon! My boyfriend's steak was medium rare and our French toast wasn't big at all... 
Just a huge disappointment... I should of just stayed home and made breakfast myself.Food is ok.  Definitely not worth the price.  The waitstaff is hit or miss.  If Darling's prices were more reasonable, then I'd give it more stars.Let's all admit, Darling's had a rough start. Come on, kids, not all of us knew how to share our toys on the first day of Kindergarten! But we learned the beauty of getting along with others and eventually it didn't matter that Heather wanted to play with our Crimp and Curl Cabbage Patch Doll.
Darling's is a little different from most for-realz diners in the city. It's vibe is a little closer to Continental, but minus the part with the pretentious menu and snooty service. In fact, the servers have always been friendly whether I'm coming in for a Tuesday night dinner, or I'm there after last call drunkenly ordering a BLT. The menu at Darling's has the usual diner fare; a bunch of omeletts, sandwiches, and salads, none of which are revolutionary but more comfortingly familiar. Plus, they get a lot of points for having fabulous fries.
Darling's is nice to have around in NoLibs where you often end up paying $13 for a passable cheeseburger (I'm looking at you, Swift Half). The food is relatively cheap and having a place that's open until 5am on weekends definitely fills a void in the neighborhood.
Oh, and disregard the complaints about no free refills. I was there last night and my date enjoyed THREE refills on his soda, entirely free of charge.Terrible. Just terrible. Terrible service and food. Eat cold pizza from your frig instead of coming here. Not worth your time or money.Terrible. I ordered from grub hub. For one I wanted to add something on after I ordered so I called. They told me to call the dine in service where no one answered the phone it rang for over five minutes. Called back, said I couldn't change over the phone. When my food arrived there was no utensils, no syrup, butter, my home fries were so burnt they were like potato chip. No napkins. Just a hot mess.I went to Darling's on a recommendation, and after reading the Yelp reviews prepared myself for the worst.
OK, it's a "diner." It fits the stereotype of stools and booths and shiny surfaces. But it lacks ginormous layer cakes and mystery pies in a lit up, spinning case, a waitress who can balance ten plates while refilling your coffee, and cooks who understand the meaning of the words "short order." Hate on Jersey all you want, but Jersey knows how diners are supposed to be and that is a fact.
That all being said, I would say rate my dining experience as "pretty good." Our food took longer than it should have, especially considering how empty it was inside, but our server checked up on us a couple of times to let us know it was coming.
My breakfast was simple: scrambled eggs, bacon, home fries. Everything was cooked perfectly and the home fries were seasoned. I ordered a cinnamon bun and got a cinnamon danish/croissant hybrid. I was expecting something thick and gooey and smothered in icing, but it was still delicious and was even warmed up for me. My girlfriend and I got breakfast and coffee and spent $20 in total.
All in all, I wasn't left feeling so beside myself that I'll make special trips for it, but I would definitely go back.It's really a shame that the waitstaff there is so rude and inattentive.  I went there this weekend for lunch with some friends and had some of the greatest food I've ever had, along with the worst service I've ever had.  The servers there acted like we were bothering them by asking for things they should have already provided like waters and napkins.  Seriously, your diner was about 25% occupied on a beautiful Sunday afternoon.  Get a clue.Jen (server) is one of the nicest, most polite people I have ever met. I feel bad that she works at such at a terrible establishment. Darlings is completely under staffed and unorganized. I legit feel bad for my server (Jen) because I can see that she deals with such bullshit from them customers and staff, yet hasn't broke a smile. This "diner" is hood and I will never come back. Besides her everyone is rude/ghetto as shit. Not to mention the food sucks and is completely overpricedThe short rib platter is so great, not fatty and very tender. Comes with mashed potatoes and asparagus. The pierogies are also great. Is in some kind of delicious sauce. The hot chocolate tasted homemade and is wonderful.I only go to this place for the breakfast as each time my boyfriend and I go for other food we end up not so happy. But we LOVE thier breakfast menu. Its always a nice size portion of food that can and will feel you up for hours.I will never go back there again ..never I use to go all the time with coworkers for lunch meetings and dinner, but this place has went down. When we first walked in the Lady at the door which we later found out was the manger went to seat us I asked if we could get a table she gave us the look from hell. So we sat a server came over to us then another came over.. ok fine we asked about the Tiki menu that was on the table they didn't know about it . 1 strike .. so after that found out about the menu we was suppose to get free chips and salsa if we order off that menu so what comes out is chips and bruschetta.. the manger heard us at the table saying this don't taste like salsa. She took it off the table so our order came and on the menu was sweet potato crusted chicken fingers .. it had 3 small  fingers that was burnt all for like $6.So that was sent back and my coworker asks for  fries instead they came out not even done . the buffalo wings was mediocre and it was 5 wings in a huge plate and a bowl.. The manger was at the counter right next to us and heard us again talking about the fingers she didn't even say anything. We asked the waitress for the manger and that's how we found out it was her. Service was just ok and the manager needs to be more gracious to the customers and the food can sure use a upgrade! Its so many other places to go in that area I would not recommend coming to darlings.Darlings is okay if you know what you're getting into - meaning half the menu is pretty good and the other half shouldn't be ordered. It's nice that it's pretty accessible, directly next to the Piazza lot, and usually has plenty of seating.
The basic breakfast items and cheesecake-stuffed french toast is good. They make a decent cappuccino. This is the sort of place you should just get eggs and toast - if you want a burrito walk up to Cantina.
Their cheesecake is great - I often come on late night dates to have a cup of coffee and split a piece of cheesecake. They have a full bar but don't order anything that doesn't have the ingredients in the name - you'll be sorely disappointed if you order a Bloody Mary.In order to appreciate Darling's one must keep in mind its identity.  That is to say, it's a hipster diner, so the menu may be a bit different but it's aim is still to make great breakfast and dessert, and OK everything else. According to my diner standards, it works!
The last time I was there I ordered a burger which I hardly ever order anywhere. It was good, but I really don't have much of a basis for comparison.  
Let me tell you what was great.  First, I ordered a caramel latte which was delicious.  It was so good and decadent I drank it in about three minutes which resulted in a serious sugar rush, but it was worth it. To further punish my pancreas I also ordered a slice of cheesecake at the insistence of miss Gina M.  I'm not a fan of cheesecake typically but this was much different and in my opinion much preferable to any other cheesecake I've ever had. The consistency is almost like a mousse and not at all dense. In retrospect I have no idea what possessed me to order all of these things but I'm glad I did!
Our waiter was the cutest little guy I've ever seen. Shout out to Kevin! He makes a mean latte and is just adorable.I want to like Darling's Diner so bad. The other two locations have good coffee, cheesecake, and awesome breakfast sandwiches. The owner is truly a nice guy; we've chatted with him a few times. But the diner in Northern Liberties is just not good- bad food and bad service.
It was Sunday. None of the usual suspects for brunch (Cafe Lift, Darlings by the Art Museum, etc) were open until 9am. We were up and hungry at 7. We decided to try Darlings Diner one more time.
My other half had two over-easy eggs, toast, home fries, and maple sausage. He ate one egg, then took a bite of the sausage and sat it right down. It tasted horrible. He ate one slice of potato; it was soggy and tasteless. The toast was burnt, so he didn't touch it. He didn't eat anything else on the plate.
When the waitress came over and asked if it was okay, he politely said he wasn't really feeling the plate, it doesn't taste very good. She took the plate and disappeared for 15 minutes before coming back with the bill. She did not offer to get him anything else, or to take the dish off the bill (He ate one egg, one small home fry and one bite of a sausage off a huge plate of food!).
I had a bagel with salmon on it. The bagel was small and had been sliced weird, so that one half was huge and underdone, while the other half was small and burnt. The giant capers do get the thumbs up. It was okay, but I didn't feel it was worth $10.
The mocha lattes, which are excellent at the other locations, were lukewarm and so tiny here. The cups barely hold 8 oz for $4.50. I'm annoyed I paid more than Starbucks prices for less latte.
There were at least 7 waitstaff hanging around the counter in anticipation of the Mother's Day brunch rush. Instead of getting ready or serving customers, they were fooling around and loudly making fun of customers who called in to attempt to make brunch reservations. Do this stuff in the back, guys, not in the doorway of the restaurant right next to our table!
All in all, $30 for a crap breakfast. We both left hungry and disappointed. Sorry, Harry- we're done with this location.I have eaten at Darlings twice and had two great experiences.  The location is great, the food is very good with plenty of vegan options, and the aesthetics of the restaurant are immaculate.
Make sure that you get a piece of pie or cake... it is all homemade and amazing!Have been there 3-4 times .
Burger was good, served on a fresh brioche bun
with mixed greens with a vinaigrette that played well
with the bacon and cheese and the nice crisp fries.
Mac & Cheese very tasty...
Cajun Salmon with Black Beans and rice were 
well put together with the honey soy sauce that
grew on me exponentially (in a good way).
A generously sized Skirt Steak & Eggs came with hash browns -
got a side of bacon and some ketchup and it made for a great
evening time breakfast.
Staff is friendly - one time a manger gave a few of us diners a taste
of a Belgian chocolate ganache he was using to cover a cheesecake
and wow! it was rich and delicious.
Had a pumpkin cheesecake from the original Darling's, 
so I can say that was good - I fully expect any dessert here
to match that level of decadent goodness.
Definitely check it out.Nutella and pb pancakes. Quite possibly the best combo although your arteries might be in pretty bad shape after consumption. Alas that's why I'm on simvastatin.  Gotta love pharma but anyway, have them with up and butter and a side of granola and fruit. So good. Plus it is open 24 hrs which means that you can stuff your face with alcohol sponges (aka pancakes and waffles) at all hours of the night.I stumbled upon here one frigid, winters day after a friend recommended me to try it out and the food here is quite tasteful. I had the ahi tuna salad that was amazing, and decide to order a cappuccino that came out quite adorable with how they've placed whipped cream on top, drizzled in caramel.
My only problem was our waitress that came off quite rude and annoyed. She took away my friend's plate before he was able to finish it, without even bothering to ask. Then she didn't come back to refill our water, that was obviously empty. She had an annoyed tone to her that placed me in a bad mood.
When it came time for the cheque, she was nowhere to be found, another server had to go look for her.
It ruined my experience there. She wasn't a darling at all.Bland food, spotty service and way overpriced.  The only reason this place is still in business is its location in the Piazza.Good location but the prices are high for what the dishes are and it isn't really a warm, friendly place to me, which is what diners usually are for me. I have had their grilled cheese which I love but other than that there were not many hits for me.Late night eats were decent. My French onion soup was not cheesy enough and my tuna melt looked sad. The drink I got (Jameson double on the rocks) was kinda watered down. Overall it was a mediocre experience. Definitely better diners in philly.Really good coffee for a 24-hour diner. I didn't love my omelet, but that was probably my own mistake in ordering - I wanted something with fakeish gooey cheese and the one I picked was mozzarella and jack. Homefries were 3/5, not terrible but not memorable. Bonus: only a $2 upcharge for switching out my toast for an everything bagel.
This is a great place to come and re-fuel after a night of drinking in the NoLibs. Plus they have a bar, how cool is that?Went to Darlings this afternoon. The hostess was accommodating and locked the optional side door to reduce the draft by our table. The server was aware of the specials and polite. The pepper vodka bloody mary hit the spot and the home fries were good. The bacon here is AWESOME and by far some great diner bacon. The eggs were a little undercooked for sunny side up but thats always risky. Id go here again because the service is good and the atmosphere is welcoming and calming.I visited Darling's about 3 days ago. The worst. The service was ok. The hostess was extremely rude, 1st she got an attitude because she asked me if she could seat me in a particular section and when I told her no she proceeded to explain to the server for the next 5 mins WHY I was being seated in her section as if the choice is left up to the server and not the consumer. Then the hostess proceeds to chastise me about entering the wrong door. I have no problem being told I made a mistake, but it's how you deliver it. The food was just not good. My salad took over 20 mins to come out. The food came another 20 mins later . My steak was overcooked and a very cheap cut of meat for what I paid. My shrimp were a frozen version where you could barely taste the shrimp. Just so many things wrong with this meal. I had looked forward to visiting this restaurant for months. My first and last visit.My girlfriend and I stopped in for a late dinner on a Friday night. We were seated right away and were both very hungry. The waiter, who was very nice, came over fairly soon and took our drink orders, brought them then took our food orders. So far, so good. Our appetizer, brochette, arrived in short order. However, it was quite spicy and my girlfriend ended up not even being able eat most of her portion. Then we waited. And waited. And waited. Our main course took forever to arrive. Finally, someone from the kitchen (not our waiter) brought the food and explained that they had run out of the sweet potato fries for my girlfriend's order and that was the cause of the delay. Fine, but it would have been nice if someone could have told us during our extremely long wait. Of course, now my food was cold because it had obviously been made first and just sat around. I might have said something if our waiter had been around. We hardly saw him for the rest of the meal. By the time we finished our meals it was quite late or else we might have tried the very tasty looking deserts at the counter. I don't plan on eating here again anytime soon.I went here last night for the first time.  It was 1am and my boyfriend & I wanted breakfast food in Northern Liberties.  We went to Darling's and were immediately greeted and seated.  The waitress was friendly and promptly took our order.  Our food arrived pretty quickly.  I had the chocolate chip pancakes and my boyfriend had the French toast. Both were decent...not extraordinary but not bad.  
I liked the diner decor except for the fake flowers that were everywhere.  They seemed odd and out of place. The menu was fairly meh but I'm glad there is finally a late night diner in Northern Liberties.  I probably won't be going to Darling's for brunch or most other meals since there are so many great restaurants in the area but if I want late night food I now have a nearby place to go.Awesome breakfast place ANYTIME of the DAY!I am a huge fan of diners and even don't mind the so called upscale diners, but my recent visit to Darlings was a big disappointment.  First thing that hits you when you sit down is that the restaurant is dirty.  For a place that hasn't been opened all that long, it is not wearing well.  The menu covers were filthy with stains and food stuck on them. The banquette cover was ripped and soiled and the floor looked like it had not been swept or washed in months.  Our visit was at 12:00 on a Monday for lunch and there was no excuse for the state of the restaurant at that time of day.  Cleanliness of the surroundings is usually a good indication of the cleanliness of the kitchen.  On the good side, was the menu had a lot of choices including a few vegetarian options like a veggie burger and vegetable based wraps and sandwiches.
The food was unremarkable.  The patty melt was bland and although I wouldn't use it as a regular condiment, they did provide sirachi sauce along with ketchup so i opted for the spicier condiment which definitely helped.  The place needs a good scrubbing and reupholstering and a revamp if it wants to succeed in the diamond that is the Piazza at Schmidt's.  Frankly,  I would opt for any of the following over Darlings; Bar Ferdinand, Camino Real, or A Full Plate, all of which are far superior.This whole Piazza at Schmidt's thing is a joke.  That in and of itself is overrated (There's a humungous flat screen TV against the wall in the "piazza?"  Whoop dee doo). All the attempts can be made to make that place look like somewhere in Italy.  That will never happen in a million years!
With that said, I was afraid to go into Darling's Diner because Northern Liberties IS an iffy section of the city, at best, and I was always afraid to patronize anything in that neighborhood that was food-related.  
I can't say Darling's Diner is the best place I've ever been to, but it wasn't the worst, either.  The first time I went there, the waitress never brought ketchup for my fries nor the honey mustard that was supposed to come with my crab cake.  Okay, stuff happens.  She was sweet, so I overlooked that.
The next couple of times I went I got a waiter who was efficient, bringing butter and syrup for my pancakes before the order came to my table.  He offered refills for my water and coffee before I had a chance to ask.  
The food was standard diner fare, certainly nothing to crow about.  I've had what was offered on the menu at many other diners all over the city.  
Overall, the place is okay.  They have a tendency to play goofy music and I see that many times it seems as if no one over 30 is eating there.  
In all, I HAVE experienced better.I just had lunch here and it was great! The menu is full of good options, including my personal favorite--BREAKFAST ALL DAY! You can't go wrong with a place that serves alcohol and breakfast all day (in my opinion). I had the Texas French Toast with blueberries and bananas and it was so large I could only eat half of it--one piece. 
My friend had a turkey burger and sweet potato fries and she was in heaven!
I'm looking forward to going back to try the lunch and other breakfast entrees and drinking some alcohol. They have 16 oz. cans of Strongbow cider, so I'll be back soon. 
Also, their desserts look killer, so save some room for them. I didn't, so next time I'll have to eat less or share.We stopped in for an iced tea and coke and were treated so poorly by our server who clearly wanted us to order food. She was baffled when we said we were going to stick with drinks and hastily brought us the check without asking if we wanted anything more to drink. There were only a few other people eating so it wasn't as if she was extremely busy and we were taking up a table. Very disappointing to be treated so rudely just because we wanted only drinks.Good concept but bad execution.  Food seems interesting on the menu but I have yet to try anything that is at least somewhat good.  The service really isn't that great.  I was once given half and half that was so old it resembled watery cottage cheese.   Also the plates were gross.  If you parked at the piazza lot keep walking deeper into nolibs and I'm sure you'll find somewhere better to eat.  Always be weary of places that are frequently on coupon sites!