So over crowded. Especially with little kids at 9pm. Not nearly enough bar tenders. We used a groupon which was totally not worth it. The Groupon was $20 for "blue" games unlimited and 30 in chips. The ratio between blue to other colored games was about 1 to 10. So almost impossible on a Saturday to play any blue games. I will not be back. Also 1 hour 30 mins wait for a table/ not worth itGames are fun especially with drinks however the whole floor smelled like throw up and when someone would spill there drink some lady would come by with coffee beans and sprinkle them on the floor! Never again will I return!Obviously there is a selection of games, billiards, and bars. However, these come at a price that isn't cheep. I usually enjoy the food here as well but it depends what you order. If you stick to the basics like burgers and chicken I think you'll be in good shape. I wish the credits on your D and B card lasted longer but they seem to drain fast and he grab machines are as hard as they get.Big play area and eating area. I ate in the bar in the play area. The drinks are good and the bar tenders were nice. Cons my fries were cold and tasteless. Everything else was less than warm.I've updated my review after eating here and having horrible service.
Let my tale unfold.....
I came here for one of my friends birthdays. We made this abundantly clear to the waiter who did immediatly take our drink orders. That was the only good part. It took a LONG time for our drinks to arrive, and not many of them were alcoholic. Our waiter had to be called over constantly, and I only got one drink the entire time, and that was the first one I ordered. Our waiter looked like he should have been a model and if he quit to do this then he's a moron, because he was HORRIBLE (his name was allen). 
I can see why people do not like this place, and I will give it two starts because of the games, and the bartenders which I currently have not had any issues with...except the games are obviously over priced but comon, don't you expect that?
Now for the rest of the review....
I've been to both dave and busters Columbus blvd, and Dave and busters Franklin mills mall. This will (obviously) be about Columbus blvd because this is the establishment I am currently rating. 
I have been here once that I can remember (a long time ago when I was a little kid but I can't remember that) and it was a good time. The Bouncer at the front was ok, I had to get money from the ATM so I could park and get my 5 dollars back and they let me without any issues (except the fat bouncer tried to ignore my question of where the ATM was. Luckily there was another guy there and he understood my situation and let me pass w/o my id so I could get money, go bak to the parking person, pay them and get my license back and 5 dollar off coupon). 
People complain that the parking is 11 dollars. So did I considering that the Franklin mills mall location is free to park, but you do get 5 dollars back in a coupon so it really isn't so terrible. 
After that we went to the game room to play games and it wasn't too bad. I did make sure my valuables were safe in my pockets because there were some sketchy people there but I did not let that stop me and my gf from having fun. We played games and won tickets and yea some of the games are def over priced, but just do the eat and play combo and you get a card, and sign up online and you get more game play and there's plenty of other ways to get extra game play too. 
I did have a drink and yes it was over priced, but it was fri night and your in they city, what do you expect? They do have a late night happy hour from sun-thurs so I'm going to try and hit that up at some point. The drink did seem like it coulda been stronger but they actually measure out the shots for the drinks so that's why it might seem weak (customary practice at national establishments such as this, applebees does it too). 
The place was roamed by many staff who definitely tried to keep the place clean by sweeping up or picking up glasses that people were done with. I'm sure the floor could have been cleaner but it's a huge arcade with food drink and many people running around, can't expect the taj mahal of cleanliness. 
The bathrooms here are disgusting. I was appalled at how they were and did not even feel safe going to the rest room. 
I've been here a few times now and this is what I have come up with. HORRIBLE waiter service, decent bartenders, and a not bad game room. Honestly, if you want to eat here just go to the bar and order your meals. You'll have better service and it'll be a LOT less of a wait to get a drink (any type!)Service at the sport lounge stinks.  Seat anywhere else but not the sport lounge. Rest of area is fine just AVOID sports lounge unless you want to service yourself.I love the idea of Dave and busters. Drinking while playing arcade games! However it was terrible. It started off with 4 of us having dinner our waitress told us it was happy hour and all drinks were half off except their LIT we were going to get the LIT but since it wasn't half off we went with other drinks. Four of us got 3 drinks each. Our bill came and our waitress said she made a mistake and the half off drinks were the night before. Which obviously was disappointing. When we went to play games the whole arcade smelt like throw up. Idk if the bar wasn't clean or what but it made me not want to drink anything! Then occasionally a waitress would walk around pouring coffee grounds onto spills! If that's how the "clean" they need to revaluate. Hate to say it but so disappointing and probably won't go back.I live in Florida but I'm originally from Philly, I took my family here non Easter, granted the place was packed. But wow what a disgust, when I went to order a drink the top was sticky from ppl spilling drinks, I had to ask the bartender to please wipe it down. So I put my name in for a table so we could eat. Omg, just walking to the table I was disgusted the floor was sticky there was food on the floor from previous ppl. I was so disgusted I wanted to turn around and leave. I didn't since we waited about 45 mins for the table. They got my sons order wrong. The whole thing was a nightmare.You have to pay for parking here. The games get crowded so dont expect to quickly play the good games. I feel the D&B at Franklin Mills is much more spacious and has better games. It has free parking too. :)
The good thing is that they are much more strict here with the age requirement. You must be 21 or older or must be accompanied by someone 25 or older to get through the door. This helps remove all the young teens from the atmosphere but you still have kids around.It sucks that you've got to pay for parking. I'm trying to go for the gold card since I always lose my cards whenever I go to one of these. If you're ever bored and have nothing better else to do in Philly, come and visit this place. It's located near the BF bridge and a few blocks from other cool restaurants and clubs.I come here a few times a year mostly for birthdays. On Saturday nights, It's usually pretty crowded. I was here this past Saturday and the wait to get drinks from the bar was at times ridiculous trying to get a bartenders attention. Friends wanted to eat and the wait for a table was over an hour so we ordered food at the bar. I got the triple play appetizer to start and while the food was tasty the portions weren't as big as I expected. They have a lot of specialty cocktails too, I liked their Texas sweet tea but they don't usually have drink specials and those drinks are like 7 a pop if not more. My boyfriend got a blue moon and it wound up being more than my $7 drink which is a little absurd. 
Lots of new games since the last time I came here. And playing the games is the main reason of coming here. More cost efficient to come here on Wednesdays when they have the deals. My favorite games from this last visit: Down with the Clown, Red cup Challenge, and some old favorites like skeeball, air hockey, that block game. On the weekends, come expecting to spend some money, waits for drinks, and crowds. Saving up my tix for something good.For what it is, this D&B would have gotten 3 stars, at minimum as it was a great place to pass some time, play some arcade games, grab some drinks and generally have a good time.
Why the 2 stars?  For a few key reasons.....first, for a bar that wasn't that all busy, it took a while to just get a couple of drinks.  I mean, we purposely even sat at the side of the bar that didn't have too many people.  And with a bar with 3 bartenders, and a not so busy weekday...where was the service?  Mind you, when the bartender did decide to take our drink orders, he was very polite.
And point 2 as to why the 2 star rating?  I closed the tab with a credit card and believed to have provided a sufficient tip (it was more than 20%).  When I get my credit card statement about a month after the visit, I notice they charged me more than what I noted.  Sure it wasn't a lot, but it's the principle of knowing what I wrote as the tip, and seeing what they believed the tip should be.
It just irked.
Would I go back?  Probably.  Because like I said, there generally wasn't anything bad about the place in terms of having a good time.  If I do go back though, I'll just remember to bring enough cash to pay my bar tab.
Oh yeah, and another reason why the 2 star rating....I've been to other D&Bs in other states, and this one just felt and looked old.  There are definitely other nicer D&Bs out there.Tuesday night. Sparse crowd. Not their fault, except maybe the service and food could have something to do with it. Both were poor. Service choppy and food cold, and underwhelming. Very disappointing night out. Expected much more from a large successful food/entertainment business.My wife and I went for a late night dinner, this location has been totally renovated much nicer seating & bar area the video arcade and entertainment area remains the same. The colors and much brighter and the decor is more sports oriented. Menu has changed slightly. The quality and quantity of television's has improved dramatically all high definition. We sat in the high top stools and tables in the bar area. I had the boneless chicken wings and french fries the wings were not as flavorful as they were in the past. The fries were truly awesome. I had pecan Gorgonzola cheese arugula and walnut salad with grilled salmon with a light vinaigrette dressing on the side. This meal was superb. My wife had petite filet and sweet potato fries which were very good. Service was average at best it took for ever the server to come over. The parking garage is well lit and safe with an attendant on duty. The restrooms are above average.  Prices are above average but you get a great valueI had setup a surprise birthday party for my wife here. There was a total of 8 of us. I was excited to be able to come and spend some time with friends and family. However, it turned into a terrible dining experience. Our orders were wrong, drinks took forever, and wait staff was rude. The only saving grace was the party manager who tried to make things right. She gave us game vouchers allowing us a good time in the arcade. I'm only giving 2 stars because we had fun playing games. Though I had issues with the games not reading my card all the time. Overall it was not the night I had hoped for. Will definitely not be eating here again.I've been here a couple times before and the service at this location has been horrendous. However, this time was different. The service in the dining room was the saving grace. 
The hostess greeted us, sat us instantly and was very friendly. The waitress was efficient and a sweetheart. Everything came out correctly in a timely fashion (which is unusual at this place in my past experiences) and she always had a smile on her face. 
The food was mediocre. I ordered the sliders. They claim to come with a sauce, but I didn't see any at all. Not even on the bottom of the bun. The sliders looked like they made one burger and sliced it with a blindfold on. One of the sliders were gigantic and the bottom of the bun was a tiny morsel of bread. Another slider was the opposite, the burger was tiny and the bun was huge. It was evident the cook didn't give a crap. If it were a Saturday night dinner rush and the kitchen was slammed, I would let it slide. (No pun intended) This was a Wednesday night and the dining room was about a quarter full. 
Another thing, my menu was disgusting. It was sticky and covered in some sort of substance. I'm assuming a customer previously ate with it on the table and spilled something on it. It was so gross that I quickly decided on an entree just so I wouldn't have to look through the menu anymore. 
The drinks we ordered during dinner were delicious and cheaper than what I remembered. The games were the highlight. (per usual) My boyfriend and I were planning on ordering drinks from the bar in the game room, but it took about 5 minutes for one of the two bartenders to acknowledge our existence. The bar was not that busy and I have received faster service when they've had a full bar. Finally when one of the bartenders (older blonde woman) acknowledged us we ordered waters. Normally I tip a dollar when I order just a water from the bar because it's free and they are still doing me a service. The woman looked at us as if we were a burden to her and continued what she was doing. A minute or two later she proceeds to use the cups to scoop out the ice. Working in the business myself I know that this is a no-no whether it's plastic or glass. We decided against not ordering any alcoholic drinks due to poor service and the fear of cutting my mouth with a piece of glass. On top of that we could smell the nasty odor from the drains while leaving (smelled similar to a nursing home bathroom) and the floors of the bar looked filthy. Definitely never ordering a drink from the game room next time I go back.I think the food here has taken a big downturn since they originally opened years ago.  Being a food guy that's paramount for me. 2 stars for the food.
It's way too loud and crowded on the weekend and getting a table is a real challenge, especially in the arcade, but there is no other place like it.  This all-ages arcade is a must visit with the kids.  It ain't cheap, but it's really fun.  Our last visit here was for my son's belated 10th birthday.  The kids just absolutely loved it.  Unlike some arcades, you play all day and leave with a whistle and a piece of bubble gum.  The mountains of tickets that D&B moves is awesome.  For making my kid and his cousins so happy, they get a 4 stars for the experience.
I've conducted and attended dinners for Sales meetings in other D&B and it's great!  The grown-up billiards and casino-like games complement the arcade perfectly.
Just go, it'll be worth the trip.  I've always wanted to play 18 holes on the gold simulator.  Any takers?DO NOT HAVE AN OFFICE PARTY HERE!!!   My job picked this location to have our annual office party this year.  Our President Pre-Paid for drink cards that was good until 10pm and game cards.   Well to our surprise, ALL of the bars told our entire office at 9pm that they will no longer accept our drink or game cards????? What??? How is this!! The entire party was pre-paid for!  So how do you cut off game and drink cards 1 hr in advance but pocket the money that was paid for until 10pm?????  We asked for a manager and the manager stated she would do a last call at 9pm....this did not fix the situation how do you call last call for something that has been paid for an hour in advance???  Our company will not be back here ever again and I will be sure to steer any BIG PRE-PAID BUSINESS away from here!!! Such a rip off to our company!!great location?  Really?  It seemed away from anything but a few hotels. If I was staying in one it would have been great.  I wasn't. so it sucked.
Food was below par.  I've been to other DB's so I know they can cook.  Drinks were too sweet.
Basically ists like this.  Bad location, bad food, and for two folks:  Dinner and two drinks and a 25 dollar game card ran us 130 dollars.  And the games? They sucked.  Completely sucked.  
With so many great restaurants DB has to lift its game.  Compared to other DB's this one has to lift its game.  If the food and drinks aren't the draw and the games are, it still needs to lift its game.  
I also felt like I was in Thug heaven.  I was very worried to let my fiance go into the bathroom alone.  I am not one to be intimidated easily (usually I walk into places unintimidated where a wise man would avoid) and when I went into the bathroom, even I felt a bit uneasy.  
This place is popular?  I wouldn't come to this one again.I would take a half star if possible or rather no stars for the amazingly bad food service. We waited for one and a half hours and half of the orders never arrivedHorrible!!! The food took forever to come out and we were the only table eating in the place. The food was terrible and way over priced! You're better off eating a head of time. The waiter was nice, but messed up the bill several times.. Will not be returning.Absolutely horrible. Sticky table. Sticky menu. Sticky drink menu. Empty restaurant. Slow service. Bizarre flavor combinations. Cook that doesn't understand frying at low temperature makes food marinate in grease, rather than cook. Yuck. Go for the games.Love it. It was great time in Dave and buster. Definitely going back for some more fun. Awesome place to hang out with friends. 
Cons side is Bar area in game zone doesn't have enough employee.  It was hard to Order drinks and foods. It was stinking too.Overall it wasn't horrible but it was by no means a good experience. From the start the service was slow inaccurate with our orders and not attentive to their tables. The food was not cold but cooked wrong, drinks took WAY too long to come out and it took forever to see our waitress.
On top of the bad service this was one of the dirtiest establishments I've ever seen. Garbage all over the floor, sticky menus and tables, and greasy gaming systems.
Dave and Busters is overall a great chain, but this one specifically we were not satisfied with and will not be returning customers.My disinterested review
---
(bonus points if you know what that means!)
1. Eat & play combo (entree + $10 gaming card for $15) is in effect most nights (except peak times - after 5pm on Fri & Sat)
2. Parking is $11, unless you park near Penn's Landing and walk 5-10 min
3. They take "dry-aging" of steaks a bit too far - the steak was borderline freezer-burned (but you didn't come here for culinary inspiration, right?)
4. A hurricane glass is yours to keep after ordering their TnTea drink, but much smaller than the ones you get at Caliente Cab Co (Murray Hill, NYC)
5. The bathrooms were absolutely filthy
6. All in all we spent about $30 to win 650 points, which got us a D&B mug & shotglass.  Most stuffed animals require almost 1000 points. At this rate, the 11,000 point PS3 they were showcasing would've costed...$500. Assuming you keep winning at that clip, of course. 
Overall a fun night, but it was an absolute zoo.  I'm willing to try a D&B in the 'burbs to see if the experience is better.My family and I come here often. (Live down the block) So overall it is a good spot. The happy hour specials are good. 
I have to agree with the other folks when they say the tables tend to be sticky. I usually just ask can it be wiped down with a clean rag. I work in the industry so I know sometimes the rag and water bucket don't get changed when it's busy. 
Anywho...What brought me to yelp. Recently I went in and the first hour was horrible. Not happy and certainly not as expected. From the bartender and kitchen. Regardless, the manager Melanie took CARE of it! She was so nice and understanding! For her alone and how she handled the situation we will certainly be back!Had a girls night out here got some drinks and even played a couple games. Really  had a blast and plan on coming back. We also ate and had a great experience with Katherine.Dave & Buster's is one of my all time favorite places to go. It's the ultimate arcade for anyone who loves games and fun in general. I wish I could have gave this place 7 stars instead of the maximum 5. The swipe cards have a fairly decent amount of time on them and aren't too expensive either. If you like to drink close to where you play, you'd love this place, not only that, it has a club like atmosphere that's great for birthdays and other types of get-togethers. There was a curfew for kids that goes into effect at 10 PM, but things might have changed since I've last been there in 2008. No place is perfect,especially one that caters to a bunch of screaming, hyperactive kids and drunk adults, but this place is close enough and a game player's Heaven.Came in to play a bunch of games and have a few drinks on Sunday night. We all had a lot of fun... but it was pricey. Parking was $15 in the garage, two Bud Lights cost over $10 and game credits add up really quickly. Overall, we had a great night and would probably come again, but in reality it's too expensive to do very often.Not good.  Waited over an hour for a table. When seated food took a long time to come out. As we waited we noticed a roach crawling over the table next to us. We reported it to a manager who then promptly seated the next group there without even checking the table. We later saw a roach on the chairs at the same table. Food was not good. Some was cold and some was over cooked. Waitress did get the steak redone for us but overall a bad experience.This Dave and Busters makes for a very expensive outing accompanied by rude service. Went on a Friday night with a group. The parking was about $15. When we got to the entrance we were informed of a $5 cover per person. The cover led me to believe there might be a DJ or some sort of additional entertainment. When we walked in the restaurant area was dead and there was nothing special in the game room. Given the price of the games a $20 card ran out in under 30 minutes. My friend wanted to get food at the bar so we wanted a menu. The bartender kept walking past us for 15 minutes so we interrupt him to ask for a menu and he snapped and yelled at us in a nasty way. That off put us from ordering anything. At that point we each had spend about $30 per person for less than an our of entertainment and were yelled at for wanting to order food. I could think of way better ways to spend my money and Friday night, no thanks Dave and Busters!I used to come here all the time as a kid, it was just the place to go. However, I am no longer a kid and I find it odd people flock here every weekend like DB offers anything new.
Known for the sports atmosphere, I would say that still applies. The last time I had been here was probably 5/6 years ago. The food is crap, no flavor and expensive. On this particular night me and my bf came to play in the arcade and I kinda felt like the excitement factor game wise has gone down. The games are kinda lame and I feel like they downsized. 4 stations of the same game instead of different ones altogether.
Anyway, saturday night, it's busy as always. The bartenders are moving but people are waiting, there needed to be atleast 4 for the crowd surrounding the bar and there were only two.
I got a mojito, my bf got a LIT. My mojito was basically juice with not a hint of alcohol and my bf's LIT was good enough, you could atleast taste the liquor. So, we politely complain and the bartender didnt refuse to make another one but she was clearly annoyed and said "if it's made right you're not supposed to taste the alcohol."
No baby, this isnt my first rodeo. Even the sweetest of drinks are supposed to have some sting afterwards, I was practically drinking minute maid and for a 10 dollar mojito, I wanna taste all the alcohol I'm paying for.
So, she makes another one, LIT, MUCH BETTER. We move on, the wait or the money wasnt worth it for so so concocted drinks.
All in all, DB has gone down. It's the last of it's kind which isnt hopeful bc arcades alone simply dont exist much anymore. 
The type of crowd they get on weekends, money, food and drink taste aren't worth it in my opinion.Went on a Friday night with a party of 4, so had no problem expecting to wait for a table.  Got sat around 20 minutes later, but we waited 12 minutes before we were even greeted by anyone.  By the time our waiter finally came over, we had time to order drinks, appetizers, and our meal.  A little disappointed that an appetizer sampler came with 4 mozz sticks, 4 wings, and only 3 potato skins.  Our food come out in an appropriate time, but one order paid an extra dollar to substitute sweet potato fries, and that order came out with 1/3 of everyone else's fries.  The food was underwhelming, but nothing extravagant was expected.  I'll go back again, but only to finish the leftover $$ on my card.Came in for lunch on my birthday.  Service was very slow from the beginning.  We placed our drink orders and then the waitress didn't come back with our drinks until 10 minutes later.  The waitress then took our order without writing anything down which always scares me unless I'm in a restaurant with professional waiters.  A food runner came by our table about 15 minutes after we placed our order with what appeared to be a dessert and we politely told him that we didn't order it.  Then 15 minutes later our food came out (pretty slow in my book b/c it wasn't very busy) except for my fiancé's steak salad.  The waitress never came back to ask us how our food was.  10 minutes go by and still no waitress.  My steak was supposed to be cooked to medium but it was definitely well done but at this point I was already half through and wasn't going to send it back.  I finally had to get up and flag down the food runner and tell him we were still missing our salad.    5 minutes later the waitress finally comes by and tells us she is going to check on the salad.  Another few minutes go by and she comes back and apologizes and says that the salad went to another table by accident.  At that point we also let her know that  my niece didn't like the chicken fingers she ordered and asked for a side of mac n cheese.  To their defense I tried the chicken fingers and they tasted okay to me.  A few minutes go by and the steak salad finally comes out and the waitress told us she was going to take the salad and chicken fingers off the menu.  We had to ask the waitress 10 minutes later "where's the mac n cheese?  It came out shortly after.  She brought the check and took off the chicken fingers, salad, mac n cheese and the drinks which helped make up for this awful birthday lunch.  The last straw was that she didn't bring my $10 card for the games.  I would go back and play the games but I would skip the food.I went to Dave and Buster's last night for a Philly2Night VIP event. It was open bar and there was great band playing called Modern Bliss. They had the event on the dockside deck. It was such a great location being outside right on the water! I never knew Dave and Busters had such a great outdoor spot! I am not too much of an arcade gal but I was super impressed of the bar and the staff was fast and very nice. And after a few cocktails the arcade games actually were pretty fun!!! I would totally recommend everyone to go check out the dockside bar if you haven't already, it will turn into your new summer spot!!
Philly2Night also has lots of event like this one coming up! The VIP program pretty much invites you out to these awsome, free events at least 3 nights a  week! check out more information on it @ http://zfer.us/3cYZOI know...this rating is a bit high.  I feel bad about it, but not really.
Cons - it's trashy, you have to pay for parking, there's a cover charge fri/sat nights, and a bunch of the other stuff people said.
Pros - it's fun still.  Sure, don't have your formal/wedding here.  I know I have fun here playing the stupid worthless ticket games, the racing games, hunting games, etc.  I don't want to come here all the time, but once in awhile when I'm bored of the normal "get drunk at the bar then wander around ordering pizza, etc" and I go to D&B, I usually have fun (as long as you let your inner child out).  
Take this place as it is...an arcade.  What arcade have you been to that was clean?  So leave your standards at home, and play some video games!BF and I dined here to get the $20 play card in order to avoid the activation fee and what not. Ordered poppin potatoes, baked shrimp alfredo pasta and a cabas chicken. The poppin potatoes were disappointing, I'm not sure what to make of it. It's not even crispy on the outside! The baked shrimp alfredo pasta my BF got was too damn saucy and the bacon was not crispy. The chicken I got was expected to be dried since it was a healthy menu option and it was white meat. When I tasted the rice at first, it tasted pretty weird but there's a little spicy kick at the end of the bite you kinda get addicted to.
Moving on to the arcades, since there was a dining/bar area in the middle of the arcade room, there were weird smells whenever you passed by the games near there. In my opinion, the games were pretty expensive but they do have great prizes not like those cheap, rundown arcades. Be careful though, there are a LOT of children that run around and look everywhere for tickets on the floor so watch your things at all time.So I wrote to corporate like the comment said. Not sure what there definition of "make it right is" I simply got a letter saying thanks for the feedback. What a waste, just like visiting the establishment!The waiter overcharged me for our food. He have me two receipts with two different amounts. When I went to him about it he went in the back and said the problem was solved. I called my bank and the problem wasn't solved. Now I'm having a problem getting my money back. After I complained about it a lot of my friends had the same issue. Looks like there's a lot of this going on at this place. Never again.Me and my girlfriend came here before a concert tonight. We got seated and waited 20 minutes before we were even greeted by a server. After putting in food and drink orders it took about 15 minutes for our drinks to come. After having our below average food we moved to the bar where it took roughly 10 minutes to be served at a very empty barI visted Dave and Busters on New Years Eve.  We purchased the New Years Eve 21+ couples package for $180 and it included Dinner and a 4 hour open bar.  Dave and Busters is one of our fav places to go and we loved the idea that is was 21+ or that's what we thought.  We didn't realize the regular seating was avalible as well so there were babies and young kids there as well which made it hard to to get around the game room(I do not have a problem with kids but we liked the idea of 21+ on New years.)  Also, we had our own private bar but it only had a few choices for drinks but we were told we could go to any of the other bars.  Problem with that is you only had 2 or 3 bartenders on the other bars and it took us forever to get a drink.  If I am paying for a 4 hour open bar I would have thought it would be easy to get a drink.  In the 4 hours we were there we only had 3 drinks because it was a 15-20 min wait to get a drink.   Plus the game room was so crowded we couldn't even play games becuase they were all taken.  Again we love Dave and Busters but after this experience I will think twice before ever going back. And if I go back I will never do a package becuase in the end it wasn't worth the $180 per couple because we had a small buffet dinner and 3 drinks.What to say about a visit to Dave and Busters? Let's start with the great attributes and then move to the reasons I am never coming back. It looks like I am one of many based off the reviews. 
Bartender was super sweet and was customer service oriented. That's the best part of he visit. The only reason for the one star. However, the drinks were underwhelming and just plain bad.  I decided to accept the bad drink, because she was so nice and because they were out of every beer I wanted. Plus,  it would have been awkward telling her otherwise, but I can't accept the dirtiness.  We ordered the bang bang shrimp and some chicken  and said a "Hail Mary". 
 I'm not sure if we came in after the dinner rush or if cleanliness is just not a top priority at this chain. I have actually seen McDonalds that are cleaner. The bar was sticky, as were the menus, as were the floors. There were only about 20 customers, and about 100 fruit flies per person. Fruit flies everywhere. I mentioned it to the bartender, who seems surprised. To her credit, at least she acknowledged the issue. Management was right there when the complaint was made and said not a word.  My stomach was already turning before the food was delivered. My second round of "Hail Marys" noted. 
The bang bang shrimp were undercooked and the chicken was pink. The lettuce was old and it looked like there was mold on the celery. It was exactly what was expected from the insides of this place.  Voicing this to the manager would not have helped, in that we won't be back. I'll save my prayers for a place with a mop, standards, and fly traps.HATE HATE HATE the service there!! The worst I could ever had. 
Workers and  servers was the worst.
I went there on a Sunday around 1pm which was not that crowded but pretty busy.
 Playing  the games was fine but when it came to getting stuff from the game room for prize no one wanted to pay attention to get our stuff all the workers did there talk to each the whole time, they saw me waiting but decided that having there conversation was much more important. So I waited there until they were finally finish. Finally when he was finish he scan my cards and stood there giving me a look I was waiting for him to at least tell me how much points I had, but he did not so I decided to give him the stuff that I wanted, he scan each one yet not telling me how much point I had. So to my knowledge I thought I had more point untill he told me " THAT ENOUGH NO" well alright you could have just told me nicely  so then he decided to take the scanner and pretended to shoot himself in the Head.
I then took my stuff and just walk away. After that we decided to take a picture at the picture booth while we were waiting for the picture to come out a worker decided to unplug the booth great I lose 5 buck! 
Worst worst worst Service ever!!The food was about the same quality you would expect from TGIFridays or Chili's
I don't think it was worth the wait. Cool environment, but if you are not into games, go somewhere else. I would give them a three if the wait was less than 45 minutes.Mediocre food and extremely slow service. 
Nice venue but don't come here expecting a nice meal. In fact don't even expect decent bar food.This would have and should have received a higher rating because it is a fun place to go for anyone.  In my case on this day, I was with my husband and two kids and the 2 is strictly because of the dining experience.  First, we were sat by the hostess quickly so that was great, but then we waited, and waited, and waited some more...no drinks, no hello thank you for coming, no silverware, nothing for like 5/10 minutes.  We had enough time to decide on meals and at one point I started counting how many servers looked at our table and just kept walking.  Finally our server shows up and takes our order.  Another guy brings it when it was ready and I kid you not takes my husband plate and passes it over top of my 9 year old's head and after my husband reaches for it and damn near burns his fingers, the guy is like, oh hot plate.  The list continues: My son's burger was missing the bacon he asked for.  We had to ask for silverware.  A busboy tried to take my husbands plate before he was even done (all he did was turn to set up a game on his phone for our daughter).  The only thing he was quick to do was ask if we wanted dessert.  At that point we were like, check please!Go on wednesdays for Half off games and happy hour from 8-10pmWe go down before concerts or sporting events, shoot pool and get drinks and appetizers. It is a good time, but service in the pool area can be really slow and sometimes you have to go find someone to help you refill drinks, etc...We've been to a lot of Dave & Busters' over the years, and a lot of Dave & Busters-like venues. But the one on the waterfront in Philly remains my favorite. It could be that I'm biased -- my hometown is Philly and the waterfront/South Street/Old City is a really fun area to hang out. I enjoy the coolness of the building, with the cool old stairwell/escalator that takes you up a floor to the front of the house.
Once you get in the door it's a pretty standard D&Bs. There's the Midway with all of the games in the back, private dining room, restaurant, bar and gaming tables. TVs everywhere. We have found the staff to be pretty accommodating in terms of putting a specific game on a specific TV, and the last time we visited, the hostess was super sweet and helped us get a game table and TV in a section of the place that wasn't even officially open yet.
Tip: The parking cops around the waterfront are Nazis. We've gotten a ticket parking on the street twice. It is much better and cheaper to park in the parking ramp attached to D&Bs. It's $11 to park, but you get a coupon on the bottom of the thing you stick on your windshield that gets you a $5 discount on your food/drink tab inside. So in my mind, since I always get a drink or two, it's $6 for parking, which is reasonable.
Easy access from Columbus Blvd., the Ben Franklin Bridge and the aforementioned South Street area. There's a sushi place in the same building if you are into sushi. We've been there a few times and it's definitely passable (though not the best sushi we've ever had. They have (or did have) an all-you-can-eat option which can be fun if you are really hungry.I definitely recommend this place for the games and sports lounge, but I can't say the same for the food, service or drinks. 
Although it wasn't the worst service I'd ever experienced, it was far from good. The waiter brought the wrong drinks, couldn't answer questions about the menu, and even asked "do we actually have that on the menu?" when I ordered something. When my husband ordered a steak with Chimmichuri sauce, the waiter made a face and asked "you like that green stuff?"
He was just too old to be soo unprofessional, but like I said, it wasn't the worst service ever. 
The signature drinks and margaritas are terrible, so I suggest sticking to beer, wine and standard mixers (rum and coke, vodka cran, gin and tonic, etc.).
Next time I take my son for games, I'll eat at the Hibachi downstairs and then go to D&B for the games. Oh yeah, I forgot to mention, that this place tends to draw in some trashy people who (no pun intended) leave trash all around the hallway and game floor.It's cool place to take kids but don't come with an empty pocket.
Parking $15 which is crazy but I guess better then parking on busy Columbus Blvd.  You get $7 back if you buy food which we did.
Food was great and our server was awesome.
Son's chicken nugget kid meal was very tasty and he enjoyed it.
I had the sweet apple pecan salad with chicken. The combo was amazing.  My only worry was that some of the pecans were really hard that I thought I was going to break a tooth.  Besides that it was awesome.
The game area was busy for a Sunday evening but not crowded so my son was able to play a bunch of games.    Some of the games were a TOTAL rip off.  I swear they lasted less then 5-10 seconds. It's NOT right.     Needless to say I did NOT refill my card (which they charge you for) a second time.  
We had about 278 credits/coupons and the shelves were empty so my son's choices were slim unless he wanted candy (no way on a sunday night).
The way they have you use the credits is made so you don't know what you're using. Really .. one game is 6.8 credits or 2.3 credits.  OMG give me a break!
Walking in and out of the 2nd level parking garage I encounterd guest AND staff smoking by the door (remember I paid $15 for this).   Not 50 feet away but literally by the door.  Not fun walking with a 7 year old.  At least on the way out the staff apologized.  So much space in garage and smoking is by the DOOR?  Isn't it a law that it has to be 50feet away?
WIll I be back?  Maybe in a few years..  Sad because I would come back every few months if 1- smoking was in a better location... 2- wasn't ripped off in some of the games 3- had better prizes for 7 year old that don't understand that they can only get a rubble skelton head since shelves were empty. 4-parking was included with meal.I came with my boyfriend for date night and we decided to grab dinner here. We both were looking for a healthier option rather than your normal fast foods. My boyfriend got a grilled chicken and kale ceaser salad. His salad was drenched in dressing and the chicken was extremely over cooked. The shrimp was also over cooked and under seasoned. I ordered the salmon with spinach and broccoli. I loved the spinach but I hated the salmon. The salmon was very hard and was over cooked as well. We opted out of getting drinks, most of their drinks are loaded with syrups and food coloring. The only reason I'm giving it three stars is because we had a great time in the arcade room. I think it was a little on the expensive side but we made the best of our time there. I'd continue to come here, strictly for the games. I would prefer to eat and drink at a different establishment.Not a fan of this place - rowdy, wasted crowd, pricey drinks and not the best service. If you need an arcade, pretty much your only option,but I would spend my free time elsewhere.What a bad experience. Bar smells like it hasn't been cleaned in months and it's unbearable. Bartenders are slow and under staffed. The crowd are grim. The drinks are priced at 8-10$. This place has dramatically changed within the last 10 years and would never return to this dump.Joe in the restaurant gave exceptional service. Food was ok, with great healthy options. Great timeI've gone to good Ike D&B's a few times since moving to this city 10 years ago. Date nights, snowpocolypses, avant-garde ladies nights... None of these are even a blip on the radar compared to my last visit, when my company decided to graciously provide us with an evening of booze, games, and what I think was food.
Let's start with the good things: they've gotten a ton of new games. They've made it so your "power card" automatically holds all your tickets from the time you win them and points and I think you can register them. The "prize" selection is a lot better than I recall. Not a "yolo" shirt in site.
Yeah ok that's it for the good things.
Bad: the food was frigging inedible. Well the salad was. I ate salad. We had chicken (super hard and dry), potatoes (why did they taste like lemon?), asparagus (slimy literally falling apart on ones fork), stale rolls, dry salmon, and desert squares made with salted butter. The drinks (when one could find a server or bartender to get one) the beers are huge or normal sized.. There was no way of knowing which you'd get. There aren't prices on the menu so get ready to sound like an a-hole asking how much something is! The bartender seemed overwhelmed with 16 people at her bar. For some reason it seemed like a good idea to carpet everything, which really ties the room together and holds the vomit smell that exists throughout the game room.
Oh. Yeah. The bathrooms. The ladies had about 12 stalls. 8 of which (this is by no means an exaggeration) had vomit, or actual feces strewn all over the stalls. It was a THURSDAY at like 9! Have you ever gone to the bathroom at Grand Central Station in nyc? That is preferable. No lie, the most used bathroom in the US where people bathe their homeless selves in institutional sinks feels more welcoming than this place.
Games, if not broken are larger versions of games you can download for free on your phone. But hey! They got skeeball!!!
I mean there's no where else to go like this, if you want to go to an arcade, you go there. Maybe their corporate people could encourage more staffing, better house keeping, and edible food preparation.This place is huge, they have a ton of pool tables, a few different bars, hundreds of video games, virtual golf, football, hockey, a bunch of trivia, it's just a really fun place, and one of the cooler and more jam packed dave and buster's i've been too.  If your board and have money and time to kill, this is a great place to do both. 
Buck Hunter, is all i'm say'n...I've taken different groups of friends, both Stateside and foreign, to this Dave & Buster's, and it hardly disappoints. People would always have a good time, even if they aren't big video game (or redemption game) fans.
As expected, the food is fast-casual. Nothing to write home about, even if in the photos they look good. They're almost exactly what you would get from an Applebee's or TGIFridays. 
If there isn't a football or baseball game happening, sit at the Sports Bar if you want to eat in relative peace before you play at the Midway. Although it isn't really that bad when there is a game--the noise you typically would hear are from fans cheering on their teams.
I would suggest that everyone just shares one game card, and everyone just pools in the money to load with with a higher value, which gives you more chips. If you sign up for their D&B rewards program too, you'll periodically get coupons that double the amount you reload (like say, you get $20 worth of chips for only $10; or $40 for $20).
All in all, not a bad way to spend an evening. It's not an overly special place, but it's enjoyable nevertheless.
By the way, parking isn't bad--part of the rate goes to $5 off a drink at the bar. It's definitely better and a little safer than parking on the street.We brought our boys out for a day of fun on the waterfront and stopped into D&B for some lunch and gaming fun. I have to say, we were pleasantly surprised by the attentive service in such a chaotic atmosphere and the variety on the menu was pretty diverse. 
I had the veggie burger, my wife had the fish n chips and the boys enjoyed some all American burgers. Good portions, tasty food, fun atmosphere. walking distance from South Street, Society Hill, and waterfront attractions.I'm a fan of Dave and Busters. I haven't been in a while, and the guys and I decided to go watch an Eagles game there, lured in by the "all you can eat wings and $10 play card for $19.99." First disclaimer, that price is $21.99 for the philadelphia location (eye roll), but it didn't really matter because we decided to not be gluttonous heathens and just order a normal size portion anyway. First impression was that they have remodeled a bit. The area immediately upon entering is now designed for watching games and noshing a little bit. I'm not sure if there was always a bar right there, but I do know that the area to the right upon entering WAS full of pool tables, and is now full of bar tables. We got a spot at one of those tables and watched the game on the huge tv they have. Atmosphere was great. There were (sufficiently and not overly) enthusiastic eagles fans, and the food and drink were good. The kiddies were separated in their arcade prison on the other side of the building, so there were no issues with the little ones. I would totally go back to watch another game. I hate that you basically HAVE to park in their lot, as GOOD DAMN LUCK finding a spot on Delaware Ave (sorry, "Columbus Boulevard"), but parking with them does get you, I think, $7 off food or drink upstairs. So, it wasn't a back breaker.This is Prince Dangle's work ako every summer today I disable 5 star cars I like David Felder off it Delaware and I like it or cousins more you can have fun play different different games food and talk to the people of a like to place um I wish era body George a self at David boxes have a get Tom please do not drink in tomorrow this is point style schoolWhen I heard we were eating at the Dave & Buster's sports bar, I honestly had very low expectations. I was pleasantly surprised. They have a large variety of food and drink options, and special deal packages where you can get discounted game tokens. We started with original margaritas, which tasted very good. There were no prices on the drink menu and when we got the bill I was shocked to see they were over $10.50 each. For our meals we got a cheesesteak with fried onion and fries; and the crispy Nashville style hot chicken. The cheesesteak was fine. I have definitely had better and worse. I had no complaints about it. The Nashville style chicken meal was DELICIOUS. I'm sure it had twice as many calories as I should have had the whole day, but it was a great comfort food. It had mashed potatoes, creamed spinach, and a cheddar cheese sauce as a base, topped with two juicy boneless fried chicken breasts, two biscuits, and a sriracha sauce. The plate was empty by the time I was finished. I would have no qualms about coming back to eat here. There were tons of meals on the menu I want to try!4.5 stars. I have been here about 3 times. We came here Wednesday around 12:30 PM  it just opened. Note that the parking lot smelled like pee. We were served by a waiter almost immediately. While the food came we went and played some arcade games. Some reviews pointed out that the floor was sticky. They might have been short staffed or came at the end of the day. The floors were not sticky. I ordered the Lotsa Loaded Tots and t was brought out about 10 minutes after ordering. My meal was wrong the first time. The waiter apologized promptly and brought out the right food 5 minutes later. The tots has a cheese sauce that added a little spices, some scallions and bacon. The tots were nice and crisp. Wednesday's are half price on the games, so my 100 point card ($20.00) lasted about an hour and I still had about 40 points left. Good place to take kids for a hour or two. Recommended.To provide context, I try to avoid gambling as much as possible, love arcades, and have never been to a Dave and Buster's prior to this but am a Chuck E. Cheese kid at heart.
I came here on a slow Tuesday night with a group of 38 giddy but uninspired teenagers from deep Brooklyn eager to say how lame it all was, and 7 fellow chaperones who were just trying to get through this end of the year trip. To my surprise, the place was massive - there was easily 50-75 stations/games available with bright lights that made you feel like you were in a casino but instead of winning money you won dinky street fair prizes and overpriced sweets - the "candy store of gambling", my partner calls it.
We were given the party room in the back to eat first - pizza bagels, mac and cheese, crispy chicken bites, sliders, and fries were available (with salads to order) buffet style. The wait staff was courteous and nice, efficiently replacing the food when it went empty. They also gave us boxes to take the leftovers back to the hotel, which the kiddos lit up at the sight of - "WHAT? THAT'S LIT, YO I'MMA EAT THAT AT 4 AM". The sliders were tender in a flavourless way, the chicken was fine but could have used more spices in the breading, pizza bagels tasted like the frozen microwave dinner variety, the fries lacked potato-essence, and the mac and cheese was fine, but a sprinkling of salt and pepper were absent.
Although the food was subpar, everyone was genuinely kind in their interactions with my screaming students, and they get 3 stars for actually accomplishing the impossible - getting 38 teenagers to say they had fun. Skee ball, ticket roulettes, trivia, giant life-size Rock-Em Sock-Em robots, Mario Kart, Gran Turismo, Terminator, shooting games, air hockey, etc. The options were endless, and we really had a great time. It's made me reconsider these places and seems like a fun place to get drunk and bring on a date. Cheers!We've been here a few times over the years since it opened and it has gone down a bit.  It's a step below what you would expect from any chain restaurant in food quality and service.  
We decided to choose from the Eat,Play, Win Combo.  While the pictures of the food look enticing they're shockingly full of calories and epic amounts of sodium when you read the description on the menu.  This made the choices tough to decide.  The potato chip crusted chicken was considerably greasy (probably from the chips) with a bland taste.  The parmesan chicken ceasar was typical.  However, the fire grilled salmon was the highlight and tasted pretty good.  I did notice someone ordering the Philly cheese steak and it was tiny!
While service is friendly it was really slow and the staff often looked confused.  Our order was mixed up with another table.  Overall we probably won't go back.  In fact, only go here if you have kids and plan on playing games.     
Tip:  If you plan on playing games then the Eat, Play, Win Combo is your best bet for bang for buck.  You get a charged card for playing games.  However, don't "supercharge" your card ... it's not worth it.  
Tip:  Also, consider eating at a booth inside the game room.  It might be noisier but it's more about the experience of Dave and Busters.  The dining room tables are a bit too close to each other.I have been going to D & B for awhile now. The atmosphere is nice and it's a good place to hang out for a few beers or play pool. If you have kids, this place can be an option for them. There are games you can play, get tickets and trade the tickets in for items that they have in their shop. The price is a little high but my overall experience wasn't bad.If you're over the age of 21 and don't have kids with you I wouldn't suggest coming before 10pm, especially not on a Saturday. It's overrun with crazy, unsupervised children. Also don't expect to sit down and eat as soon as you get there. Our wait was 1hr just to get a table and then it took 45 minutes for the food and an additional 30 minutes after eating just to get a check. Prices are expensive and service is fairly lack-luster. The bar in by the games is seriously understaffed. Can take up to 15 minutes just to get a beer. The only saving grace was that once 11pm hit most of the crowd had dissipated and we were able to move more freely from game to game.Best day and time to go: Wednesdays hands down.  Came late night for my birthday to have some drinks and play some games.  1/2 off games on Wednesdays is awesome plus it's not crowed and you can really play all your favorites games without waiting.  We put $40 on a card and still had at least half left by the end of the night. The drinks are good and you can use the $7 parking coupon towards food AND alcohol so don't forget to bring it in with you.  Overall we enjoy coming here for some fun, competitive game playing.Kyle was the best thing there.He's service was perfect. The front bar smelled like dirty mop water and the floor was really sticky. The bar on the game floor was REALLY dirty. I'm giving 3 stars cause of Kyle's service.Fun place, good food. Food took a while to get to our table, but once it got there, it was delicious! I had the mac n cheese with garlic bread crumbs on top, and it was amazing! Other people at our table had burgers and steak and they said their food was great too! It's a bit expensive to play a bunch of games, but once you start drinking, it's worth the money because you're having so much fun. If you park at the garage where dave and busters is, you can present your parking ticket to the waiter, and get $5 off your parking ticket.I like coming here for games but for food it sucks. The  service is slow. We went here and used our tickets to purchase appetizers and it seems like nobody wanted our table. I'm guessing they thought we wasn't going to tip and in  reality I shouldn't of the food came out cold. It took them like 15-20 before someone even came to our table. The  person who came to our table seem like he was aggravated at something.Oh myyyy... D&B... what can I say...
It was a business related get together we planned in here to chill after a long day of work. I was so embarrassed I brought ppl there. D&B, if you cannot handle big groups, why are you pretending to be fluent at it? There were 15 of us. After 2.5hrs only half the orders arrived on the table... the rest wasn't going to. Yup. You read that right. They were trying to make it happen but let's be honest if it hasn't arrived by then it ain't coming out. And we were not the only big group with exact same problem. So we came in hungry, waited 2.5hrs and some of us left hungry and went out to get food elsewhere. I mean...wow...just wow! And the food quality is just awful! I have never been to D&B and I will never return.Omg chicken a waffle are to die for!!!! We had a nice sever. The one thing is my friend got the like meat pizza tortilla thing, and they didn't add the bacon to it. But they sure made up for it when they brought a huge plate of it. Drinks were good.Where can you go to have average food, play overpriced games, get drunk and have a really good time?  Dave and Busters.  Yea those first two are downers, but overall this place is a fun time, if that's what you're actually looking for.  If you're too cool to let loose for a little while and act like a child then you're a fool for ever walking in.  Food is Applebee's quality if that.  Solid appetizers, weak entrees.  Game cards can be pricy and run out quick, but they do have meal deals and power up options that can help.  The games are great though.  There are tons of options from competitive ones, to fun ones, to ones that are just good if you want to score enough tickets to get a weird price before you leave.  Been here with friends, been here with co-workers, always a good time in the end.  If you have some "kid" left in you and haven't been, I recommend you check it out!Would you like to pay $5 (cash only) for the privilege of buying more overpriced beer and games? Come right in!If it was at all possible to give this place a negative review, I beg any willing administrator to do it, because this place definitely deserves it.
I have been to dave and busters before (at different locations, which has more or less always been positive), so this review is going to be reserved solely for this particular dave and buster's.
First of all, I have definitely been to this D&B before, and no, I am not 21. But a couple of friends and I drop by one night to kill a couple of hours. And what do I find? A lady selectively carding people walking in. Apparently you had to be 21 to enter. Which definitely did not apply to the large crowd of African Americans walking in 2 minutes before us.
Oh and I came here (to this exact location) before, never being carded. Well we argued with the manager for a couple of minutes on the basis of racial discrimination since apparently all African-Americans are over the age of 21, even if they look to be 15. They were exceptionally rude to all of us, saying nothing except that we  should leave. (I'm still very upset about this, seeing as we were being perfectly reasonable).
Well, we had a couple of coupons from somewhere and we figured we should at least charge them since we were here anyway (for later use at a different location). Apparently this was against the rules as well. Sooo... we couldn't go in, suddenly, because we weren't 21. And they didn't let us charge our cards, which really had nothing to do with the whole situation.
Conclusion; This Dave and Buster's sucks. If you go, you support racial discrimination. There I said it. Oh, and its $11 for parking unless you are willing to walk 5-10minutes over (but even that's difficult because rare unless you come past 10pm).Dave and Buster's has yet to disappoint me. I mean, this ain't Universal Studios people, but on the level of accessible entertainment this place satisfies. Any place where you can play some hoops, kill some zombies, and get some good laughs all for under $20 is a beautiful thing. The place is massive, they do a pretty good job of updating to new games, and the renovation that took place this last year has jazzed up the bar and has taken it to run down to classed up. I have yet to see this place half empty even on a Tuesday night. At all costs, however, stay away from the food! Service is painfully slow. Food is subpar and terribly overpriced--not entirely deplorable but even Olive Garden can do a better job. So don't do the food. It's crazy how much they charge for a half-ass meal. This particular Dave and Buster's has a great location on the water and is an easy walk to the Sugarhouse Casino and Morgan's Pier in the summertime. Bathrooms could definitely use some sprucing up, I've never not seen it in a state of teetering breakdown but it's usable. For a good night, I recommend going to any of the great restaurants in Old City and walk over to this place for some good 'ole back-to-the-basics fun.Good time. Had our office party there for a few years running. The place is huge and it is divided into a gaming area, restaurant, and bar area with a bunch of pool tables and shuffleboard tables.I've been to this location twice for sponsored events and ended up staying because I had such a great time. The first event was a catered dinner with a power play card for my city year end of year celebration. The staff were attentive and friendly without being suffocating. They refilled my drink and didn't feel offended when I walked up to their prep room myself for refills. There were well over 100 of us, I'm sure they would have missed a round or two. 
Anyway the catered food was absolutely delicious. All finger foods off the appetizer menu I believe and it was great. We reserved their big party room and I didn't feel disturbed by the regular patrons nor did I feel like we were disturbing them. Once our sponsored event was over I grabbed some drinks and stayed to play the arcade games. I love playing games! Putting great food, alcohol and arcade games together? Genius. 
The second time I went, the graduate student union at Drexel hosted a happy hour. They had catered food as well but I'm pretty sure it wasn't D&B's menu. The chicken was under seasoned, the mac and cheese was tolerable and the veggie options were completely overlooked for lack of presentation and my interest. We were given drink tix and a power play card but unfortunately the tix were only for beer or wine. The bartender saw my dismay and suggested I get the biggest size of my blue moon (a 20 oz. after all it was free). I took his suggestion. Luckily though, the event was from 5-9 which was during happy hour!! My friends and I ordered so many drinks in addition to our 3 drink tix. (Our bill at the end of the night was way less than expected. Happy hour prices are awesome) We were sitting at the bar for most of the night before playing games and Mike our bartender was awesome. He was attentive and funny and even let us order one last drink even though happy hour ended. 
Once again the games were awesome and refilling our power play card wasn't expensive at all. I haven't tried their actual food menu yet but I'm definitely going back.  Everything on the menu looks amazing. I want to try the bacon wrapped steak. Food review coming soon.I went here with my family and boyfriend Saturday night and of course it was extremely crowded. I noticed the stench from the restroom 15 feet away. I did not like it and I don't think I will be returning anytime soon. Even though this D&B is larger than the one located at Franklin Mills I definitely prefer the other one. 
There is a parking garage with a $11 fee and after you pay, you receive a $5 coupon to either get any type of drink or cash back.TERRIBLE SERVICE. We came here for my birthday, waited at the hostess stand for 20 minutes while 5 workers stood at the bar and stared at us. When we finally got sat, our server took over 25 minutes to bring us our drinks! And in the middle of taking our order, he left and helped the table next to us deliver their food. He never checked on us or asked if we needed anything. All I can say is that the atmosphere was okay but I will never come here again.This place has gone down so much over the years but their only saving grace is its great location and the fact that the food is decent (decent as in edible and tastes fairly good).
Overall, I had a fun time and a nice day of fun and games with family. However, half the machines in the game room didn't work properly and the ones that did used up a lot of credits on my power card. Thankfully, one of the game technicians was understanding and nice, but at one point I felt like I had her following behind us because of the many times I had to call her for help :-/
After the game room, we sat down for dinner. I had the fish and chips, which I substituted for the sweet potato fries and they were good. I also had a taste of the baby back ribs and they were solid as well. Service wasn't too bad and neither were the prices.I just frequented this place in the beginning of December for my daughters 16th birthday party it was ok for the price the kids had fun so I was happy but tonight we came for a dinner for work and happy I was not in a manager at a hair salon so I know about customer service. Our waiter was barely there it took almost 30 mins for our apps to come out  then as we ate those our food came out cold my chicken was dry and cold mac and cheese I paid extra for was cold also the ribs we ok but barley warm I'm so sick of coming to this place and paying an arm and leg for food and it comes out crappy we are here now waiting for a drink and desert and we've been sitting here for about 20 minutesHad a great time- parked here for a concert that was being held at penns landing stage- it was about a half mile walk- the food was much higher quality than I was expecting. Parking was $15 however- if I weren't going to the concert and just to the restaurant I would have thought this was absurd, however I was expecting to pay to park somewhere for the show-Virtua Fighter 4. That is all.
(OK, OK. Sometimes a little Centipede/Millipede action.)Certainly this location remains a Philadelphia staple. One in which has seen it's up and downs
in terms of food, service, quality, and atmosphere. I was there for a catered business business luncheon and the food was mediocre at best. 
One highlight was that parking is free during the lunch hours, which was awesome. During the afternoon Dave and Buster's is almost desolate, however as the evening progressed it was great, active noise which is what it should sound like. 
This is the optimum place for folks who love to play games, and for families with children. However, I would recommend that children come before 6pm. There is a policy for children after a certain hour, so check before you go.My first review! 
I went to Dave & Buster's for the first time on Friday. I've lived in the area for several years, but for some reason never checked it out. I went for a Philly2Night VIP Club event. The event was outside on the back deck, which recently opened for the summer, and featured a complimentary open bar with free food and a free $10 Power card. 
It was so much fun! There was live music, a band called Modern Bliss. They were high energy, fun, didn't take themselves too seriously, and had pretty awesome dance moves! The VIP Club had the whole outside deck, so it was nice to be right on the water. It was pretty crowded but it wasn't too hot and there were fireworks across the river. 
The staff was great. The bartenders and servers were so nice and always checking to make sure everyone had a drink. I've been to plenty of open bar type events, but this was one of the only ones where I felt like everyone cared, and weren't just working it because they had to. 
And of course, the arcade was the best part. Well, the free alcohol was probably the best part...but the arcade was definitely second. Honestly, I haven't been to an arcade since I was about 10, but since I had the Power card I figured I would give it a go. So. Much. Fun. They have a huge selection of games. I think I tried pretty much everything. I had a blast!
All in all, great night at a great venue. I know the Philly2Night VIP Club is kind of new, but they have had some pretty awesome events. I am so glad I joined, and got to check out a super fun place like Dave & Buster's!Numerous restaurant areas to the place (the game room bar, the dining room and a separate bar area.) The reason to go is drinks and games. The food is nothing special at all and is mostly general bar/fried foods. Nothing we had was amazing. The beer battered french fries were good but thats about all."chuck E cheese for adults"...who are young at heart ;-).Parking is $8 dollars. 8 DOLLARS. I could give my car to the valet at Le Bec Fin or I can go to Dave & Busters. Anyone else think that's nuts?
It's a sad state of Philly nightlife the way this place is hopping on the weekends. It's packed. I came in because I was a block away and needed to kill an hour... better off sleeping in my car. The bars are too small and are packed. The games are pretty old, unbelievably expensive, and maybe not a knock against D&B but against public electronic entertainment in general... but what happened to the good games they used to make? The Street Fighters and the Soul Caliburs? We do not need 8 different Zombie shooting games. Honestly, just plop a playstation and a Guitar Hero 3 in there and charge 2 bucks. That would be much better. 
The place has all the loudness and negatives of a Casino, but no thrill of gambling (unless you like ignoring the little meter that tells you how much they're going to rob you for a game that should cost 50 cents a try), no free drinks, no potential to actually "win" money, and no cheap AC escorts calling you handsome even though you look like Tom Cruise in vanilla sky.Dave and busters is a great restaurant for kids and adults to play games food was really good!I usually like going to most Dave & Buster's but my last couple of experiences at the center city location have not been great.  The service was really slow and not very helpful.  Most recently I went with a couple of friends and we decided to take advantage of the dinner and game card combo.  It was a Sunday and not that busy, however, dinner took almost 90 minutes.  This seemed especially long considering we only ordered nachos and burgers.  After dinner we played some of the games and were going to have a couple of drinks.  Unfortunately it took twenty minutes to order and get a drink served, so it ended up being one drink and the bartenders were even less friendly than the waitstaff.  Overall, I will probably go to a Dave & Buster's again, but probably not this location.My experience here was horrible!! Absolutely horrible .The only thing that was okay was my bartender. I ordered tomato soup and I received a bowl of marinara sauce. Come to find out the cooks of the day were the restaurant mangers, and they didn't even come out and apologize. I finished the whole nasty bowl and one of the bartenders was like at least you don't got to pay for it, after I thought it was just nasty tomato soup. Well I wasn't planning on paying for it anyways. Didn't comp any thing off . After the mis hap I order wings and they were nasty too . Just not a happy customer. Probably will never come back to eat ever again ! Sucks because I live down the street.Too many yuppies, too many frat boys, too many fools!
I used to always go to D&B, mainly because the pool hall around my way turned into your local drug den. The problem always was the overpriced beer and overpriced pool games. You have to reserve your tables, which in a sense is a good idea, but if you don't have the loot you're stuck with only a game to two before you're bumped out. 
The games at D&B are half decent and there are some kid-oriented sections which is cool for the parents out there. Me, though, I'm more of the classic Atari-style games, so I always found myself shit out of luck since there are only one or two classic games available.  The other thing I didn't like is how expensive the games are! Maybe I'm old fashioned but why does it have to cost $2 to play a video game!?!?
I've only ever eaten there once or twice so I can't really give any reviews there, but the counter area always was packed with kids and tourists thinking this was a happening place to go. At night the place is generally mobbed with college frat boys and the usual cheap blonde lightweights with their Coach handbags....so needless to say it wasn't much of my scene.We were excited to come here for my sister's birthday celebration but the experience was awful. We arrived at 9pm and placed at a great table that seated our party of 20. From there...it all went downhill. We waited over 90 minutes for food we ordered soon after being seated. We had to track the manager down more than once to get food served. Once the food came, a lot of it was cold or missing so people had to reorder. That took another 20 minutes to get to us. We were then promised game cards on the house for the wait. We were definitely charged. We didn't get a real apology or effort to make it right. Won't be coming back here.Get it together D&B's. Ya'slippin. The volume and attractions on Delaware Ave are increasing; and you the best you can do is raise the evening parking rate? Though you do get honorable mention for free daytime parking before 3PM. But we'll get to that in a bit.
First, lets talk curb appeal. I know the garbage has to go somewhere. But maybe someone could occasionally pressure wash the front so that passers-by and patrons aren't traipsing through trash juice and stench on their way to enjoy a meal inside. 
Second: Your main bar is seriously understaffed at peak times. 
Back to the parking. I recently visited D&B's and parked for free at the attached garage. Hours later, I returned to my car and went home. A couple of days later, I noticed white white paint speckled on the front of my car. My car hadn't moved since I returned from D&B's. I returned to D&B's and noticed that wall that I parked a foot from was recently painted white and there was white paint spattered on the floor.  WTF? Someone there thought it smart to paint the walls while cars were parked nearby, without as much as cordoning off the area prior to or laying a drop cloth over the parked cars. I know that the policy of most parking facilities is "Park at your own risk", but come on. That's being irresponsible. I then sought out D&B management, who advised me that the parking is handled by a separate entity. The parking manager, who was completely professional as sympathetic, raised concerns about me leaving the facility without noticing the damage and not having a parking stub. After explaining that I parked for free and that when I returned to my car it was dark and I did so from the rear. He noted the incident in his journal and told me that I could file a claim with them but his earlier stated concerns would be an issue. I ended up resolving the issue at my own expense. But I am bothered by the "shrug" I got from D&B's and the parking facility. Yeah, the parking is separately managed and operated, but one does not exist without the other. And parking at ones own risk shouldn't include irresponsible facility practices.Pretty much the same as every D&B, though smaller than the Rockville/Kensington, MD one. Our favorite games were the 8 person trivia game and 4 person Terminator: Salvation shooter. They had some good craft beers on tap. I'm pretty sure they aren't running nitrogen for the Guinness, because there was basically no head. All of the games were working, except for a skeeball lane with a spilled drink on it that I didn't see ever get cleaned up.Going to Dave & Buster's is like having sex with a prostitute. It seems like a good idea when your drunk, and you get to do a bunch of stuff that you can't do at home... 
But after all the funs over, its there. Its in you... 
AIDS. 
Not HIV, Full-Blown AIDS.Came here for friend's birthday party last week.  Wednesday's are half off games day which was a very nice surprise!  Filled up my card with $25 worth of points and I was all set.  Drink service in the arcade area, however, was HORRIBLE.  Definitely not enough bartenders for that amount of people.  It took forever to get anyone's attention, even when we had a large group of people waiting to order.  Food also took a long time to arrive.  Other than that I had a great time playing games, and I really like how now tickets go on your card so you don't have to carry around all those paper tickets while you play.  Really wish parking wasn't so expensive but I like how part of the $15 you pay gives you a $7 ticket towards food or drink.  Otherwise I had a fun time here!Jessica was our server in the dining room. She is really awesome and when our food was a little cold she offered to grab us all new plates of food. Kudos for the awesome service!!! Thanks Jessica! Will be bringing my family back here for sure when they visit.This is my girlfriend's and I regular Wednesday night stop. We love half over game night. The eat and play combo is definitly the way to go! The only set back for me is food. It is not bad but I can't say it very good either.As a first-timer, I gotta say it was a bit confusing coming into here. Here's how it goes:
*Park in the complex underneath D&B's, which is $15 flat-rate, and take the bottom part of the voucher which will give $7 discount toward food or drink. Go up via stairs, escalator or elevator to the entrance, and just pass the counter to the left. Then you're in the main walkway cutting through the dining area, and the walkway connects to the arcade at the end.
*Entering the arcade, make an immediate left to the desk with people to register a "power card" which is loaded with currency to use on the arcade. 
*Lower your expectations on the food and service, and just use the voucher on drinks only and you'll be happy. They post the calories on each beverage item, and yet no prices to be found..
Why I had to put 2 stars:
* 25-30% of the entire arcade was out-of-order. I was excited to try some interesting games, but I guess not.
* Bring your own hand sanitizer...! The arcade is pretty unsanitary. They really gotta start putting out hand sanitizer dispensers throughout the arcade like how it's done on cruise ships.
* The food should be avoided. The dining area interior looks old and dark, kind of like a medieval castle. The booths are worn out or are collapsing. It takes FOREVER to get your food.  25 minutes for dessert? lol really? The food comes out sloppily presented and not fresh. My lettuce wraps had dirt at the base of the leaves, and they couldn't even wash them properly. I peeked through the kitchen door window to see the kitchen, and it easily ranks in the top 3 nastiest restaurant kitchens I've ever seen. Trash and food scraps were EVERYWHERE. No wonder you get that $7 voucher!
*The service sucks. Nobody really cares. They are probably paid terribly, and seem tired of all the noise and people. But people like myself are here to have a good time, and with poor service like that, how do you think it affects our experience? 
I just gave 1 extra star for the fact there's a few group games scattered throughout the arcade that are really nice to play with friends/family (such as trivia, pac-man, air hockey, etc). And thankfully, those weren't entirely out-of-order too.
I'll be back next year or something, and it's not like the place is going to read my review and try to improve. Just come for the games, bring hand sanitizer, and eat before coming. And use the voucher on drinks and avoid the food, unless you're brave or asking for it.I've been wanting to check out this Dave & Busters for the longest and I was so excited when i finally got the chance to go. I've been to two other Dave & Buster's and this one doesn't even compare to the others. It by far is the worst! Yes, it's probably the largest one and other than the size, the only other thing that I liked is it's on the pier. So certain parts of the inside have some huge windows with some pretty awesome views of the river.
I went there on a Saturday night at about 9:00. When we arrived there, the cars were lined up, waiting on the street to get to the parking garage. Parking is $11 and after you park, it can be a little confusing on how to actually enter the dining room/ game area and where exactly to purchase game tickets. When we arrived to the hostess desk, I stood there for about two minutes and waited for the two girls to finish their personal conversation until they took me to be seated. I couldn't believe that, especially for how busy it was. Finally, after being seated, we got a very nice server and we placed our orders shortly after. I was blown away by how huge the dinning room was and I noticed immediately that they were understaffed. Service was a little slow and there was a lot of miscommunication between the server and the people in the kitchen. The food was ok, but definitely overpriced. One of the things that really pissed me off is 1/4 of the pasta in my dish was uncooked! Wtf?!?! And after waiting so long for the food and observing the service that other people were recieving, I didn't even bother to complain about my pasta. Finally, I got the bill and decided to check out the arcade. Here's where it gets worse... This place was crowwwded! EVERY game had one or two people waiting to play it and the line for the bathroom went way outside the door. At this point, I said screw playing games and just went to the bar. I walked circles around that bar for more than 5 minutes, trying to find an opening/ get a bartenders attention to place an order and had no luck. So I went to the bar near the entrance, the semi boring bar... And luckily after a few minutes, I was able to place an order and about 5 minutes after that, some seats became available. The drinks were pretty good and decently priced. However, service was still kind of slow, even after people started leaving. Smh... So in short, it was a pain in the ass getting there, the food was bad and overpriced, the service was horrible, and the lines were long. I never even got to play a video game.
I'll give them the benefit of the doubt that it probably wouldn't be half as bad if you go there for lunch or while most people are in school/ at work, but who wants to do that??? Aside from that, I guess the only option is to go after 11pm. But whatever, that one experience is all I need. I will never go to this Dave & Busters again.My girlfriend and I just wanted to grab a quick bite. We have been to the d&b in NYC many times, so we knew what to 
Expect. But this was really bad. The food was inedible. I would go only to play the games.This place is awesome for a date night or just hanging out with a group of friends. They have amazing food and drinks and they just put in new games.Don't eat the food and you might be okay. It is truly terrible, like Applebee's terrible. I definitely satisfied my salt requirements for the rest of the year.
The beer selection is shit best suited for watering plants, obviously. Thank god for Guinness. Thank you sweet, merciful lord for Guinness!
If you are drunk and with the right kind of people, this place could be a lot of fun. I mean, hello, arcade games. Who doesn't like skee ball? But it can get expensive, especially when there is alcohol involved. Go late at night to avoid children and start drinking in advance for a potentially enjoyable time.If I could give this establishment 0 stars, believe me, I would! 
So to start, it is a Wednesday night (last night) at 7:55 pm. We walk in, a group of 4; my fiance, my best friend, her boyfriend and myself. We don't know exactly what to do about seating...no hostess to be found. A waitress sees us and leads us to a table. She was very sweet and helpful. Unfortunately, she was not our waitress. We sat for about 10 -15 minutes without a server. Finally, we call over a server assisting the table next to us and ask when we will have a server of our own. He informs us that he will be serving us for the night and will be right over. He is not "right over". After waiting another 10 minutes, he returns and takes our drink order. We were ready to order our meals too, but he just walked away after taking our drink orders and was rude about it too. We do not see our server again for another 10 minutes and this time he has come with no drinks, only bad news that the bartender cannot "make a Manhattan". Even though we have ordered it before from this same location months ago. Whatever. So, our server takes our orders for dinner; Mountain nachos, chicken "gold fingers", and a Buster's Cheeseburger with bacon. The time is around 8:30 pm and we still do not have our drinks. it is around 8:30 pm. Our drinks come out about 10 minutes later, and they are wrong. My strawberry mango margarita is just a mango margarita and my friends' watermelon margarita is missing its signature strawberry ice cubes and pretty green and pink sugar rim. We wait another 5 minutes for the drinks to be "corrected" and the server has an attitude with us the entire time. He claims that the drinks were correct and that there are no "strawberry cubes" despite what it says on the menu as well as cocktail drink menu and advertisements. He also claimed that I asked for mango, not strawberry mango. 
To recap, so far in this train wreck of a dinner we have waited 40 minutes just for our drinks. When the food comes out to us at around 9:15 or so (probably was later than this), everything was cold. The burger was disgusting looking. It was dry, overcooked and pathetic. The chicken fingers were a joke. They were so tiny and pathetic that I would have gotten more from Chick fil a or some other fast food restaurant. The fries were cold and bland and dry. It was almost as if they had been sitting in the bottom of a bin under a heating lamp for quite some time. There was no seasoning on them either, nor my fiance's and the serving was laughable. The worst part of the food was definitely my friends' mountain of nachos. They looks inedible and they were ice cold, not even remotely close to being lukewarm. We called over for a manager (which took forever) and were assured that the bill would be "taken care of". We were also given some "powerplay" game cards. He did not offer us new food, dessert, anything, other than comping the meals and the game cards. 
The time is now 9:30 and we are all annoyed, disappointed and agitated (oh and hungry still too since the food was barely edible!). We wait for our check (or lack of since the bill was supposed to have been comped) only to find that we were still being charged for our drinks. $22.87 (somewhere around there) for 4 drinks on happy hour that were wrong the first time and not at all worth the 45 minute wait. There is another huge problem with our bill. Remember that Manhattan that Dave and Buster's apparently was "unable" to make? Well, funny thing about that: we ended up being charged for it! I am now so angry that I cannot wait to see a manager again. We have to wait another  half an hour for this to be "fixed" and we still end up paying for our drinks. I tried to fight it and refuse to pay but I became so frustrated and furious that we caved and paid it. Not acceptable. 
In the game room, a fight had broken out, the place was a mess and the bathrooms were extremely grotesque. There was feces on the toilet bowls, what appeared to be vomit in the stalls and toilet paper everywhere. Throughout the game room there was trash, food, and bottles everywhere and spills and who knows what else. Staff was extremely rude and inconsiderate. Everyone there seemed to have an attitude problem minus maybe two or three waitresses. The smell was awful like booze, vomit, cheap cologne and smoke mixed with the marijuana. We felt dirty the entire time we were there. Also, there's a lot of low life scum at this place, at least there was last night. My friend and I couldn't walk 10 feet alone without some creepy pervert hitting on us or making dirty and suggestive gestures and motions. 
Needless to say, we were all happy to leave at the end of the night. I somehow managed to win big on one of the jackpot games and won 1,000 tickets! I traded them in for an adorable ewok plush toy. That's literally the only highlight to the night and it's a shame because we went out to celebrate my engagement.Ate/Drank at Dave and Buster's during the Flyers comeback win over the Bruins a few weeks ago on a Friday Night.
Had the double-stacked Chicken Parm sandwich, which was very good.  Kind of a bummer they don't offer the Eat n Play combo on Friday nights, but I guess I can understand why.
Games are definitely fun, and between watching the Flyers and playing the games, it's definitely a fun night.
I had never been to Dave & Busters before, but always heard it was an "adult arcade".  I feel this is no longer the case, as there were tons of kids running around.  I read signs that said that you needed an adult for each 5 kids, and this didn't seem like the case.  Not that it bothered me, as I never had to wait to play a game, but it seems like it goes against its "adult arcade" philosophy.
Had a good time, drank some beers, watched the Flyers advance, and won some cool prizes with my tickets, gained mostly from the Trivia game in the back.Went to Dave and Busters this Saturday to watch the UFC event. I feel as though as an establishment this place has been on a meager decline for awhile now. The service was slow, the food was mediocre at best and the workers seem to always be in a rush but I don't know where their in a rush to since the service is so SLOW. To play devils advocate, one should expect to receive slower service on a busy night like a Saturday or a big event night but this worse than what I anticipated. Concluding everything the food and service sucked but the games could keep you engaged for hours. Have fun and hit them recharge booths!!!Stay away
Let's start off with the food. I ordered 2 appetizers and they just happened to be so horrible that we didn't even order food. One of my selections were the buffalo wings and fries. The wings were dry, and cold. They seemed like they had been sitting for a while. The fries were also very cold and when I complained about them the waitress said she would bring more and never got around to it. 
Our next appetizer was an order of nachos. It was all chips and no toppings, they really sucked! We didn't even start eating them because they skimped out on everything. The nachos had no meat, very little cheese and a bunch of tomatoes and lettuce. I told the waitress to give us the bill and we just left because I didn't even want to argue. 
Something that completely ticked me off was the fact that the volume on the tv is always down. I went in to watch a UFC event and they had it on mute. When I asked if they could put it up they said they couldn't. That was a real bummer.I've only been on Wednesdays for the 1/2 off games!  Highly recommended.  First time I went, we took SEPTA.  You have to walk a few minutes in a shady neighborhood, so go during the day.  There was like, one other group of people there for a business lunch or something.  We got the lunch and play, which was very much worth it.  The meal was tasty and we could use our new D&B cards to get playing after lunch.  Only complaint was that the waitor was really really slow, which was ridiculous because we were his only customers.
Second time I went, we drove there on Wed night.  While there's a parking garage, we just parked by the meters and even better --- they're free during the evenings.  If you go on a weekday after 10pm, there should be at least 1 empty space.  The place was pretty crowded this time.  We got two $10 cards and played for a good 1.5 hours.  
Also, my fave game has to be cyclone.  My friend and I have won the jackpot like five times.  It's so much fun!!In love with the new Dream Rider game!! It's moves you around like a roller coaster.
Still love all the racing games.
And a lot of the shooting games still needs to be readjusted.While they've definitely stepped up their game in the prize department (really nice, heavy-duty poker set for 4500 tickets, wine cooler, several popular adult party games, etc.), this place is always a bit too crowded for my tastes. Last night was beyond crowded--- there was a 3 hour wait to be seated for food, and in the "first come, first serve" seating area, there were some cut-throat vultures swooping in for tables, so we left without eating here (although I'm sure that saved us money in the long run).
The games are good and varied and only a few were not in working condition. One of my friends had an issue with a game, and a staff member came within 5 minutes to address the issue. The wait time for the games wasn't too bad, but they may want to think about adding an extra floor or expanding in some way; they have way too many customers for its size.
This is exemplified in the parking situation. There is a line down the block to park in the associated parking garage. As we pulled up, we saw that this is because there is only 1 lane in and 1 lane out of the garage, so as each person comes in to pay the attendant, the traffic stops. We waited for over 15 minutes to pay ($10 but with a $5 voucher I believe--- my friends took care of this) to park.
I do like their system of collecting tickets by weighing them and then adding that number to your personal D&B card (so that you don't have to carry hundreds/thousands of tickets with you). In addition to the aforementioned prices, you can also use your points for appetizers and desserts--- if they can seat you in a reasonable amount of time...We did the special lunch suggested by multiple reviews. I guess it was a good deal overall. Food was decent but nothing to get excited about. Kids enjoyed themselves with the games. Free parking across the street was a good idea. I suppose we will be back but hopefully not too soon.Not a all time favorite place to go anymore but it was ok. The groupon all day pass did help for the kids to play but they really should limit how many can be sold and redeemed in a day to keep the free games from being overcrowded. 
The free game cards also needed to be inserted multiple times to use games otherwise you would think that the card didn't work and you would toss it away.  
Prior to coming there I tried to book a reservation (which they do not do for a large party or anyone for that matter). It's also a downside not to have the pricing on a website for people to prepare for what they want to spend. I do feel like it was a bit pricey and not having any prices on the drink menu also didn't settle well with most of the party. Overall it is a place you wouldn't mind visiting once a year or every two or decade depending on your experience.This place was disgusting.  We first arrived and were greeted by a $15 parking fee.  (note: this did included a $7 food and drink voucher that got us one beer each).  We were then greeted at the door by a woman and a sheet of computer paper that had "$5 cover charge" written on it in sharpie.  We didn't think it was legit at first but later found out otherwise.  No ID check, no live band, nothing.  We asked why there was a cover and she just shrugged her shoulders.  Whatever.. $13 to park and get in (after the voucher) is only slightly worse than some of the casinos in Atlantic City so we pressed on.
We arrive in and don't let the fine print get you...  There is an activation fee on power cards now that will run you an extra $2.  I haven't been to a D&B in a couple of years, but don't remember this.  Then we survey the game room.  The close quarter to the left after you walk in stunk like vomit the whole night.. so we stayed away from that 25% of the room.
Games are typical D&B type stuff.  I was disappointed that the coin games now run you something like $2-2.50 for 6 lousy coins to use, so I just played around on some other games like skeeball which costed about $0.50-$1 per play but gave little to no tickets.
The only thing I did appreciate was the fact that the prize shop was well organized and neat.  Don't get me wrong though, the prizes are still crazy expensive.. but at least it didn't feel like a mosh pit in there.
I would have rather gone to Sugar House if I had to pick between the two (and I hate Sugar House with a passion).Always a good time! 
Food, Drinks and games... what's better than that?
A fun date night spot.When my boyfriend's 14 year old brother comes to visit we take him to Dave and Busters. These are the only times I really visit D&B. 
While it is a fine place to visit with a teenager, adults who have access to bars around the city really have no reason to visit. The games are fun but very costly. You can easily burn 50 bucks in an hour or two depending on what you're playing. I've eaten here a few times and there really is nothing special about the food. I think of it as kind of like a TGI Fridays atmosphere. The drinks aren't especially cheap or good either. 
So, my recommendation is that if you have to entertain a kid for a few hours head to Dave and Busters but bring your wallet.I give them 4 stars for service and new games!
The lady told me that all the new games with the sign over them were free! It was my mistake, I went to the wrong one, and it took off points from my card. So I told the manager, but even though it was MY fault, she added a few extra coins on for my mistake. +1 star for that. Some people don't handle the situation correctly, but she sure did
ALSO you should play the new game.. which is just like Deadstorm Pirates, but it's like some 4D scary shit. I screamed so loud it sounded like I was getting stabbed or raped. That is allThe food is surprisingly good, as was our waiter!  The odd thing when we walked in at 11:15, the girl at the "welcome" desk told us the kitchen didn't open till 12:30.  We were walking through to go to the game room first when a friendly waiter stopped and told us the kitchen was definitely open. 
Huh??   Did no one tell the hostess at the check-in this!?
   The food is surprisingly good, and the wait staff on the ball!!   He explained to us the best " "deal" for a game card and meals.  Much appreciated by us grandparents!
    In the game room, service is not too courteous.  For some reason, the machine would not accept my card for a $25.00 "recharge" and when I asked the cashier to run it through, he did---- much to his obvious annoyance!
   Come on, DB, you have grandparents dropping $250. 00 for an afternoon.  You could at least be courteous.   ( waiter excluded; he was awesome, and the friendliest staff person we encountered on June 28th).  Your "hostess"-- and I use that term loosely at the check in deck needs a lot more trainingThough the food isn't all that great and is overpriced, the waiters/waitresses are always too busy, and it's always crowded - I don't go to Dave & Busters for the food so it's not a big deal. I go there to have a good time (sometimes on dates...) and I'd be lying if I said I don't have fun there. Just wish the prizes didn't require so many tickets. lol. Good place for good times(especially with kids.)I registered at Yelp just to post this. The food here is horrible. I ordered a chicken club sandwich and what I got next day I hope no one had to go through. You can talk to my toilet and see what it has to say about it. It was the worse food poisoning I've experienced in my life. I guess since I was the last order they rushed cooking it. Well they sure got me good cause I'm never going back there again.Nice play to hang out. I love the view outside lol Sometimes I had to wait for pool table even tho I saw like 5,6 of them available. I don't know why. Their food are meh :-/ Only come here for pool and games.We were going to eat here, get drinks, and play games afterwards. After being seated we waited over 15 minutes and weren't greeted by anyone. There were more people cleaning than there were servers. We saw one server the whole time we were waiting and she stopped by the table right next to us but walked right past our table without saying anything. We got up and left to take our business elsewhere. I understand being short staffed but having only one server and five people cleaning is just poor scheduling.awesome place to have drinks play a few games and stack up on tickets and the food is very filling also :D. Best dnb in philadelphia.
great to come on wednesdays cause games are half off :DI went here on a Friday night because my boyfriend got the sudden urge to go, so we brought along a couple friends. We refused to pay the $11 for parking, so we drove around the side streets until we found a spot that was a 2-3 minute walk from the place. Yes! 
Pros:
*Dining room wasn't too crowded for a Friday night
*The martini and ice cream sundae I ordered were very good (they surprised me with a brownie on the sundae instead of a cookie...awesome!)
*Drinks and food weren't too expensive
*Game room was entertaining
*Employees were very nice. One even gave us a free credit when one of the games jammed in the middle of us playing
Cons:
*Bathroom was kinda nasty...I held it until I got home
*Tripped over 893475937498 kids in the game room (acutally not D&B fault...I just wanted to vent)
*You don't get too much for your tickets. You need almost 1,000 tickets just to get a stuffed animal
*Not enough basketball games. It was the one game I really wanted to play but it was also the only game with a wait, and you had to wait 10+ minutes for your turn.The good-My gals and i celebrated a friends bday here sunday afternoon so the company i kept def made this for more of a higher star review! 
The deal 20.00 for 10.00 on a D&B card worked out in my favor and made getting tickets all the more easy :) 
The bad- The drinks sucked my margarita was as clear as water and had wayyyyy to much triple sec -BLAH The service was wishy washy.. We sat at the front bar and i arrived a little later than my friends so i was ordering as they were wrapping up. The side apple salad was ok but i didn't receive a fork until about 10 min after my food was dropped off .. Really 
The ugly- the hoards of ghetto children and parents ! i mean i don't understand how you can let your kids act a fool in public ! REALLY D&B is not an open daycare for your snotty nose rugrats who don't have manners
I expected for there to be a lot of kids and anticipated having to wait for games and such.
I wouldn't ever suggest D&B but i did have a great time with my girls and if they ever wanted to come here i would oblige.My friends and I decided to do things differently. We played games first then wanted to sit down and eat. We tried to eat in the game area however all open tables were extremely filthy and when I asked an associate to clean ours off, she continued to give us an attitude so badly that we decided to go in the regular dining area. Once we arrived in the regular dining area and sat down, our menus were extremely dirty and sticky to the point that we just all left. Aside from playing games and enjoyed good times with friends, everything was terrible!After a few times coming here (I couldn't a few years ago since you have to be 21 to get in if you don't have an accompanying adult...uh, weird, but whatever)... I think it's fair that I review.
Yeah, parking sucks. ITS PHILLY! (i guess I'm used to it) If you can't find a meter around the area it's $11. It's annoying but not cringe worthy... they do give you a coupon with your parking ticket.
Maybe I'm not a kid person....but I can't stand the little ones running around with no adult to be seen. I thought this was supposed to be the adult version of chuckie cheeses? You're crazy kid is going to get hurt, or even take a sip of somebody's half empty alcoholic beverage that was left by Time Crisis (awesomeness).... it does get better after 10ish, when I assume the kids get tired of annoying everyone around them and want to go home.
They have a ton of games, which I would expect anyway. Even on a Saturday night, you'll be able to enjoy your favorite choice soon enough. Just idle around, and swoop in when it's clear. I don't think it's too expensive. I loaded my card with $30 worth of points and played for more than 2 hours. Like the idea of a bar in the arcade section, too. Easy access!
Staff seems knowledgeable and helpful. Haven't had any problems, but when I see that someone else does, they seem to solve any issues quickly. Hate the whole layout though. Maybe it's something to get used to? I don't know. Entrances are confusing, arcade is all the way towards the back. I guess there's two restaurant areas? Hmmm, that's for another day.I understand Wednesday's may be a little hectic & I tried to take that into consideration HOWEVER you still have a job to do! I had a horrible experience from start to finish. The cashier that greeted us was short & rude. I stood by a table for about 15mins waiting for it be cleared so that I could seat myself & my Godson. We waited an additional 5mins or so for it to be wiped down. That's 20mins wasted when there were ppl that appeared to be servers traipsing around the floor on cell phones. Our waitress was very nice but that's the only positive for this review. The bartender (older white male) was unbearably RUDE!The food was NOT good & had I gotten adult entrees I would've asked for a refund. There were numerous games that were out of service & even more that weren't marked& took your credits without letting you play. Very disappointing.Went here recently and had an amazing time. First, the food. I would say this is the weakest point. The food is similar to a Friday's or Applebees. Which is not necessarily a bad thing. Wings and burgers go great with a night of gaming but that doesn't stop it from being the weakest point. The service was great and the beer selection was better than I expected.I didn't have any but they had plenty of mixed drinks that looked awesome.
On to the most important part, the games. I've been here twice. Once with some friends and once with my son. Both situations fit very well. With my friends there were plenty of drinks and they even walked around with syringes of jello shots, which were pretty tasty. There were plenty of good games to play with friends.
With my son there were plenty of games for him to play and he loved the prizes.
Overall a great place and I will be backMy son likes the huge game room but I'm not a fan. I rented a private shuffle board table and it took 35 minutes for someone to take our drink orders. Even after I asked 3 different people if we could order a drink no one took the order for 35 minutes. Bad service.I'm a little biased because I have an undying love for Dave and Busters. But this location is great! The waitstaff always treats my boyfriend and I nice every time we go in. We are basically regulars at this point. The food is great! (Tiny portions but still good) and watching fights is always a good time!!! I can't wait to come back. Thank you so much for a great experience every time !We stopped here, and we got burgers and chicken tenders. When we got our food it was warm. The burgers were so gross, we couldn't finish them. It tasted like microwaved food and was not worth the $30 we paid for a meal and tickets for games. On top of a $15 parking fee!!I have fun when I go, but I don't go that often given it's location and the overpriced food and drink.  Oh, and also the douchebags, can not forget the jerks that frequent this place.Cons: 
Pretty much loud at all times.
Everything costs money and is expensive from parking to playing games/refilling card to your meal. 
This location doesn't have as much add ons like other locations with a bowling alley, etc.
I wish they had more specials and food & drink happy hour selections. Please pardon my ignorance if any of this is outdated, my last trip was over a year at least, probably closer to two.
Pros:
It is a fun place to hang out with your friends to play arcade games, watch sports/the game on tv, and eat a decent meal. 
Not all D&B's are created equal, for instance the location in Maryland has shuffle board, a pool table and other billiards.. I can't remember if the Philly/Penn's landing one does.. if so, kudos!
Wait staff and chefs are accommodating to my vegetable urges and vegetarian ways.Let's get one thing straight. Your one and only objective at Dave & Buster's should be to play awesome video games while imbibing alcohol. That's it. End of list. 
D&B has great video games and makes those of us in our late 20's/early 30's feel like we did when we were kids and arcades used to be fun.
Granted, it's expensive. It would be cheaper to just get a case of suds and drink at home. Then again, isn't that the case with any restaurant/bar? The whole point is to go out and do something. D&B succeeds in this regard. However, it fails miserably when it comes to food.
Don't eat here. Why would you want to do that? The food is barely passable, and I'm being generous. You'd be better off eating McDonald's -- while sober -- than here. I had sliders here once and almost walked back into the kitchen and punched the cook in the face. That's what you get when you screw up a mini-burger.For a Saturday night, I was happy to see that we were seated really quick. However, their parking lot was full, and we had no choice but to park across the street at the $20 lot, which was a bummer. Our food didn't take long, which was good because we were starving. However, all of the food just seems too unauthentic. It seems as if no real personalization goes into the meal, not that I expected such a culinary experience from Dave & Busters, I just don't like feeling like they throw the meat in the microwave, and ta-da. I got the chicken club with dacon & avocado on the whole wheat bun, and the waiter was nice enough to allow me to substitute sweet potato fries, for the regular ones :) Only complaint about the swandwich is that there was way too much bread, for the little piece of chicken. Games are overpriced, so I'm going to start going only on Wednesdays, but I will definitely be going back.Didn't let me in to play a game. Tried to card me to play skee-ball. What a joke.
Why do I need to be 21 to play a game?First time at a Dave & Buster's and while the arcade was a lot of fun, the food was disappointing.  The kids' chicken tasted like plastic and the rice was the worst my daughter ever tasted.  The pulled pork sandwich was dry, but tasty.  The fries were excellent and so were the sliders.  The Philly Cheese Steak sandwich was "okay," per my husband.  The staff were friendly, but the service was slow.  Next time we hit a D & B, we'll stick to the games!Headed to Dave and Busters this weekend for a friend birthday. I have not been here for about a year, and it was nice to see they renovated and updated the location. It looks like they did a nice job maximizing space, while still leaving you room to move around and not feeling the table next to you is right on top of you.
We grabbed a drink at the bar first while waiting for the full group. I liked they have 2 sizes 16 oz and 22 oz with the typical brew's on tap. Not impressed, but again, not depressed after ordering. It has your expected price ranges to a location that can still claim its in the city.
Once we sat, our waiter somewhat tried to rush us through ordering. He was not pushy, just repeatedily trying to get us to order. Somewhat annoying since we had literally just sat down when he asked "what would you like?." Given their somewhat haphazard menu... give us a minute. Most folks got burgers with a few salads. The waiter explained the burgers were made fresh, which I would question as they had the similar appearance and textures of a pre frozen patty. Fries were extremely salty almost non edible. Still, the burger was average. Again nothing to wow, but still as long as I could eat my burger and side salad I was content.
We hung around and played some games and hung out in the bar area of the arcade mainly. We are suckers for skee ball which apparantly no one really plays, bonus to us. And they had 4 player air hockey, which was new to us. All in all, not incredible, but a nice trip for a once in a while occassion.
One big disappoint, we wanted to watch the UFC on Fuel because that's what they advertise they do... broadcast UFC events. Apparently they have satellite TV, which never works and it kept freezing. Frustrating.. but was an excuse to leave the bar area.Try harder next time! We sat right down for our lunch and the restaurant was very open. Server came over quickly to ask what drinks we wanted but they took forever. We finally got our 3 drinks after about 20 minutes and we placed our food order. After another 30 minutes for 3 entrees the food came. At this time we actually spotted a mouse run by our table. I ordered the new advertised "hottie" burger and as soon as I picked it up it fell apart. It was a disaster. The fries were also cold. Games were fun after but get ready for disappointment.Yes, games are fun. I'm actually a huge fan of them. Not fun enough to deal with this place, there are lots of other places to go play games. 
Overpriced.
Shitty service.
Didn't have the food - I figured it would be a bad idea when I was standing down toward the service end of the bar and I could actually smell the tap lines - they clearly hadn't been cleaned in a long damn time. And trash was just piled everywhere. Yeah, no thanks. Never again.The second D&B i'd ever been to.  Parking like everywhere in the city can really be a pain or just expensive.  If I remember correctly, the D&B is on the top floor, that can be reached with a tall staircase, or taking an elevator.  When you show up, expect to spend some $$$.  But its definatly a good time.I love mostly everything about Dave and Busters but i was extremely disappointed that my friend and i had to pay 11 dollars for parking plus 5 dollars cover charge!! So 21 dollars for us to step in the door. Also they were carding at the door. I didnt have my id and i just wanted to eat and play, not drink. So we left. Ridiculous. Cant believe they were doing a cover charge when im pretty sure everyone that goes there drops atleast  50 to 100 dollars. It's not fair to charge cover just because you can.D&B is fun , this place is huge with so many games to choose from . I think if I were a kid again I would come here every weekend . 
I have only come here during the day , therefore it was never crowded and I could play any games I want without waiting or hear kids screaming and running around the place . Every time I see a kid running , I Always think they are gonna fell ....( idk whats wrong with me) 
Anyway this place is okey, i've never ordered food from here because from the look of it , they were taken out of the freezer and heated up in the microwave.We went on a sunday night and it wasn't very packed. We didn't have to wait for any games and the crowd was pleasant. The waitress by the arcades was alone so her service wasn't the best but she got it done. For 4 of us we did end up spending a lot of money (over $100) but it was worth it. P.s. we didn't get any meals just two appetizers and a few drinks.
Place was clean and all machines were functional.The food here is horrible.   I was so frustrated that I had to send my food back TWICE!!!  The games are blah no games that captures your attention. Nothing really exciting here after 20-30 mins, especially as an adult. 
I thought it would be fun while strolling Penn's Landing however the better judgment call would have been to  day drink at Morgan's Pier
2 instead of one stars because of waiter was hilarious and kept us entertained.The arcade games are fun, but I don't think I would return for the food service or dining room ambience anytime soon.
The renovations that have occurred since my last visit have stripped a lot of the 19th century / steampunk charm from the place. There's been a halfway conversion to a more contemporary decor that clashes very badly with the remaining antique-inspired decor. This has led to a change in the whole feel of the facility. This is especially true of the ceiling fans that used to keep air circulating in the dining, bar, and billiards areas. My companions and I were all uncomfortably warm to the point of sweating while seated for our meal in the main dining room on May 31st (including a very slender person who's the type to complain that he's cold all the time). 
The food was plentiful and reasonably priced, though nothing spectacular. My companion's "medium rare" burger game out cooked dry. Food came out from the kitchen slowly, which was odd since the dining room had surprisingly few parties seated for a Friday night. I sampled my companion's mixed drinks when they offered and was surprised that these $10 cocktails were mostly syrup and precious little alcohol - a real rip-off. And not good alcohol, either. It would be better to visit a nearby bar to tie one on before you come and (walk or take a cab) to D&B's to play.We don't mention this place's name in my household anymore.  One visit caused so much distress that it is a forbidden term.  Yes there are games.  But it's also a bar.  Yet people bring their families.  Kids in a bar--weird.  Kids playing skee ball next to drunken thirtysomethings trying to play skee ball--creepy.
We came here as part of a work event, so food and drinks were provided.  Even with free food and beer, this place sucked.  The food was disgusting.  I have a rule of thumb: if the restaurant isn't Mexican but tries to serve something called queso, run.  It's that runny, orange-y  stuff with lumps that people pass off as cheese.  I have yet to meet a Mexican who grew up eating that crap.
But I digress.  This place (still not saying the name) has bad food, a sad and at time scary crowd, should not be a family destination, and is not my kind of place.  I can get drunk and play video games at home and spare the world the spectacle. I only wish the rest of the patrons would do the same.Pros: great customer service wonderful help in the restaurant and the manager was nice too.  The seating areas were many and all unique yet comfortable.  The young lady adding up our points was very nice.
Cons: cheese steak chunks in our grilled cheese?! The bathrooms made you want to go outside:(  Service in the game area at the bar was poor.  Very loud!  A smelly part and several games were out of order.Not a huge arcade fan, so I'm giving it 4 stars for the ambiance of this place.OK, I came here on a gift card with the intent of giving my boys a fun night out. I ordered the Bass Ale fish and chips. It was awesome!!!!  Beer batter-dipped  Cod ( wild caught) with a half a plate of homemade potato chips. The fish was thick, white and sweet.  The batter had  crunch.  It came with tartar sauce but I chose malt vinegar. The chips were fried crispy ( I hate soggy chips). I had a Bass Ale to complete the meal.  I am coming back !!!Dave and Busters is 2 stars when it's busy and 4 stars when it's empty.  The food is pretty standard pub grub. It's just sort of there.  But the arcade games, which on my visit were in good working order, make the place a lot of fun. 
You can be seated the dining area (which I recommend if you have adults in your party and you want to converse) or seat yourself at the tables in the arcade area which is seriously LOUD. You will be shouting at each other almost like in a nightclub.Where's the service??? My friends and I came on a weds.night. Sat down at one of the tables in the arcade area. We see waitresses walking back and forth there's probably about 2-3 tables being served,at most and they're walking by us constantly, the bartenders at the bar notice we're at a table and for 20-30 min. Not ONE waitress comes by to give us menus nor asks if we needed any help. The games looks nice but if you're out to enjoy yourself and eat and drink don't bother they don't even acknowledge you.Bar smelled like vomit. Also bar tenders changed prices of drinks. First round was $9.99 second round was $8.50...My family and I visited early on a weekday so we had our run of the place. My husband is a member of the rewards club and we were not able to take advantage of benefits ($10 match on power cards) on the spot.  It all had to be done online and then it would take 72 hours to get it. The kids had a good time and parking was free.This place is always fun for kids and adults but I would like to mention that the last time I ate here my date and I noticed a mouse scurrying across the floor from under the booth where we sat. I don't know about eating here again. I still enjoy the games though but I will probably go to another location next time.Have been here twice recently, both times to watch boxing matches. Parking is $15 but you get a $7 voucher that can be used on the food so it definitely beats paying $20 to park across the street. On fight nights they do have a $10 cover and the cover is cash only (I forgot the second time and had to hit up the ATM in the lobby!). Have had good service both times, first time our server was fantastic and the second time our server was friendly and attentive but nothing special. Food was good considering I am not always a fan of chain restaurants. We shared the Bang Bang Chicken dish the first time. I loved it but it was a bit spicy for my boyfriend. We also got the chocolate cake for dessert to take home and it was very good. Drinks were alright the first time, nothing special there, I wouldn't go there just to have drinks but for a drink with dinner it was good. Prices are very fair also. The second time my boyfriend had the steak and shrimp alfredo and I had the grilled shrimp and chicken with lobster sauce. We both enjoyed our meals that time as well. Drinks again were just okay. I ordered a painkiller but it did not taste good or like what I am used to a painkiller tasting like at all. But the server took care of it and brought me something else instead. All in all I enjoyed both visits to Dave & Buster's and will most likely go back again, especially since it is hard to find places that show the fights!Dave and Buster's has been stepping it up as of late!  They just put in a brand spanking new sports lounge... that is what earned them the 5th star in my book.  Screens screens everywhere, as far as the eye can see!  Some screens are as large as the walls of your home.  The room could be slightly darker since it is a projection but that is just being picky.
Most of the games here work well, just tell the staff of any broken things and they will gladly help you.I'm from Vegas, where the air Dave and Buster's commercials all the time even though we don't have one. When I hit the east coast, I had to go one. Disappointing!
Why do you have to pay money for the actual card? You're already putting money on the card to play their boring/expensive games. 
Overall, I was underwhelmed. The games were outdated. The prizes were expensive.. I think I essentially paid $15 for a snack sized pack a gummy worms. The cocktails contained more ice the liquor. 
If you have kids, they might enjoy themselves. I have no desire to ever return.I just can't seem to like this place enough to go on my own.  This time it was for a birthday gathering.  Oh not to mention the eagles were playing that night as well.  The whole place was so hectic and wait staff was very unorganized.  We were trying to get a table at the sports lounge and they had signs directed to the hostess counter for tables.  The hostess then pointed us back to the sports lounge to speak to a waitress.  The waitress then pointed us back to the hostess yet again.  I mean wtf is this!  It was just ridiculous.  Finally one of the manager directed his staff to clear out a table so we can sit.  Mind you the hostess took our number for when a table opens up.  We never received a call.  Why would they have bar tops with non functioning beer taps.  That just ruins the fun.  Couple of us ordered food later that night but it never came out after about an hour of waiting.  It was cancelled and the gm discounted our bill.  I really wanted to finish the game but i just had to remove myself from the atmosphere.  Never coming here again.The service was great and food was served in a timely manner.  My husband loved the nachos which is a very large portion and can be shared.  My son loved his kids cheeseburger and fries.  My mac and cheese came with grilled chicken and bacon.  The chicken was just ok but everything else with it was very good. It was a good meal and experience overall.I had a pretty good experience at this D&Bs - but it's all in the expectations you have going in and mine weren't very high.
The good:
-We went on a Monday during the day (Monday Funday, anyone?) and it was absolutely dead for obvious reasons.  This meant free reign of ALL OF THE GAMES!
-The bartender was refreshingly honest.  We were all looking at the drink menus and were considering margs, sangrias, etc. and he surprisingly told us to steer clear.  He told us we'd get a much better bang for our buck just ordering beer or cocktails from the bar.  Very unselfish and customer oriented... always a plus in my book!
The meh:
-Food.  You don't go to D&Bs to eat, though.  The buffalo chicken sliders were only ok... pretzel bites were decent though (hard to mess those up) and they come with 3 different dipping sauces.  Spinach dip was also pretty good!
-It seems like every game we played experienced some sort of malfunction.  Tickets getting jammed, our play cards not reading, etc.  So there was a lot of waiting around while the increasingly more annoyed game techs came over to work their magic.
Overall a fun place and I'd definitely come back considering my proximity to this place (and I still have lots of tickets to spend on useless prizes that I'll never touch again)!So I don't have any kids( thank god) but I do have a 10 year old brother who visits me from time to time.  So I thought hey why not try Dave and Busters I had never been but had heard OK things about so why not.
Why not , why not Ill tell you why not.  Screaming Kids, really really loud music , and even louder games.  Overpriced arcade games and expensive drinks does not really pump me up.  My little brother of course was in heaven but there was so much to see he kept running around like a maniac and it was hard to keep up and not loose him among the throngs of rude and obnoxious people.  Also he would be playing a game and I would have some ADULT hovering over us until we were finished.  FYI its not Vegas all your gonna get out of this machine is a few tickets to buy some cheap crap.
Something good was our server was very friendly and attentive and they did have two air hockey tables.  Other then that I will probably not be back anytime soon.It is the only place that I know around tri-state area that you can go play games and eat. 2016 Christmas night my son got bored to sit home so we checked online it was open. Such a beautiful news. We went there with my son and wifey:) 
There is a lot of games options. Every time we go there I see they get new games. 
I am not sure having a bar and dining area in the middle of the game room is good or not but you can see people eating while you try to play games. Forks and spoons on the floor. Service is not the best so it is impossible to see a clean neat table. 
Restaurant side is another issue. We waited 20min to hear from someone that said "we will be right with you". This is happening with almost empty restaurant. I cant imagine if they are busy. 
Video Games and playing games are good I don't suggest eating there.I came here for the first time in a long time for a birthday party and a was a little disappointed to be honest. I used to love this place but coming back more recently I've noticed a lot has changed. The claw machines are impossible to win, they pack in the plushes so tightly. Even the candy claw machine is impossible to win. For a place that is frequently visited by kids this was a little disappointing. These were my favorite when I used to come. My sister and I mostly played the spinning wheel games where you press down and get tickets on wherever number it lands on because those gave the most tickets. We got the jackpot (1,000) tickets three times but it really wasn't that fun. I think if you go you'd have to choose between playing fun game that don't give many tickets or play bad games that will give you a lot. On the plus side, I really liked now new some of the games were. My favorite was the beer pong game and the cross roads one (app games) which again did not give a lot of tickers. I would not recommend getting food here either. The salad was meh, vegetable lasagna was less than appetizing, and the chicken was dry. The best part of the meal was the bun with butter. My sister and I cashed pretty much all of our tickets out at the end of the night because we would not come back which is unfortunate because we're in the teens-twentys. I feel like this place should really be catering to young adults because they would increase their profit so much. Needless to say we were not impressed and probably would not recommend this place for future events. But as always, the location and interior of the building is nice. 
Side Note - Evening parking is $15! What!?So to preface my review I have been coming to D&B since I was a kid.  In my last job I used to meet there regularly for lunch meetings since it was easy to find and overall a good experience.  I even held a few Holiday parties there.  Today a few of my associates decided to meet there for a social lunch.  What a huge mistake.  We met in the bar area.  Keep in mind the place was 95% empty so you would think good service would be eminent.  Not happening.  We started off at the bar and the bartender was fine and she should have considering there were less than than 10 people at the bar and we had half of them in our party.  Then we decided to move to a table in the bar to have lunch.  The waitress was the second worse I ever had.  The worse was one at a NJ shore bar who quit her job mid-shift.  This one was terrible.  Here's why.....she dropped menus off and said she'd be right back.  Right back was 15 minutes.  We ordered and the food came out rather quickly.  No napkins or silverware on the table so we had to wait to eat for them.  When she brought the food I asked for another beer.  I finished my meal then had to get up to ask the bartender for the beer - like 15 minutes later.  Then she cleared the plates and took my buddies half-drank vodka glass.  When she came back, she asked how full it was.  It should have been no concern of hers at the time.  She took it prematurely therefore replace it.  Another one of my buddies asked for a refill.  It never came until he asked again.  When the bill came, there was one extra beer on the bill.  It was the one I had to reorder directly with the bartender.  After we complained she took care of it.  Honestly, the waitress was more concerned with hob-nobbing with the radio staff there from 97.5 FM than with the table she was assigned.  There were other managers floating around and they seemed only concerned with the radio show too.  I'm glad they got good service b/c we didn't.  Honestly, this is the worst service I received in 10 years.  Terrible experience.  Stay away!!!!!!!!!!!!!Arcade games, alcohol, and a good place to hang out with friends. 
The games aren't cheap and are almost all rigged BUT you're paying for atmosphere and a throwback to childhood so just lower your expectations a bit and enjoy the DDR and Deal or No Deal.I came here for a work related thing at 3pm on a Wednesday. I checked out reviews just out of curiosity beforehand, because I hadn't been here in years. I was aware of the service issue but figured in the middle of the day when kids are back in school, we'd be fine. Maaajor lol.
We picked one of the round tables surrounding the bar so we could order drinks and apps. There was ONE couple at the bar, all other tables empty. We still sat for TWENTY MINUTES while the bartender lurked behind the bar looking grumpy. Two waitresses walked by, looking at us but not saying anything. I was in the service industry for 10 years, even if we're not your table, you let someone know that there are people waiting, esp when they look annoyed!
Finally someone from our group went up to the bar to ask for some service. Bartender's response was 'you have to be seated for service.' Meaning SIT BACK DOWN. Real nice. Finally someone came over after we heard two girls arguing over who was going to take us. Drinks took another 20 minutes (so yes, we've now been sitting for 40 minutes in an empty bar with nary a sip of alcohol). At this point several more people had come to sit at the bar and they were all served first, while our drink ticket sat sad and unattended. GIVE ME MY DAMN CORONARITA. 
The waitress came by maybe twice the entire time, and then as we were were finishing we randomly had an entirely different server. Food was typical bar food, I didn't expect much there anyway. Any time we reordered a margarita it came in a different sized glass which was really strange.
Games were decent, luckily we did not experience the popular vomit smell a lot of people have mentioned. It was surprisingly not that busy, either. Parking was free at 3pm but as we were in the lobby they were just bringing out a sign that said $11 so I guess the cut off is sometime around then.
Will I be back? Nope. A few rounds of skeeball and air hockey is not enough to compensate for the mutants they call a staff. Try harder, D&B.We were staying at the Comfort Inn in Olde City and went to the Jimmy Buffett concert in Camden.  Yes, I know that there are way better bars in the neighborhood to go to, but we had been drinking since 3pm and wanted to do something besides just sit in a bar.
The $5 cover was total B.S.  I mean this is not a club, you're obviously going to spend money on the games even if you're not drinking.  You got some sort of "VIP" game card, but ours only worked in certain machines and was just overall lame.  
We ordered food and it was as we expected, on par with TGI Fridays and the like.  However, the service was SO SLOWWWW.  There was barely anyone eating and like five waitresses and we could not seem to get our beer or food.  The games are overpriced of course, but I've been there before in NY, so I knew this.  We spent like $20, played til closing time and still had points leftover.
Final note, I agree with other reviewers in the fact that it seriously smells like vomit throughout the whole place.  They should get the carpets cleaned or something.The service was great and food was served in a timely manner.  My husband loved the nachos which is a very large portion and can be shared.  My son loved his kids cheeseburger and fries.  My mac and cheese came with grilled chicken and bacon.  The chicken was just ok but everything else with it was very good. It was a good meal and experience overall.This place is good for food and gaming for children mostly.  But there are a few adult games that they'd might enjoy.  The Restaurants in this build is kinda like Fridays and any other.  Great for kids and parents.  Have  some enjoying family time together.  But the gaming for the "power cards" are very expensive.  The credits would go away in a snap.  So dont let your kids get too addIf you have a lot of alcohol and a lot of money I can see how this place would be fun. For those living in reality this is an overcrowded and way overpriced arcade. We played average games for 20m and had run out of the $25 we had put on the arcade card. 
As for food they had such few servers that there were literally 100 people in line to be seated and eat. 
Stay away.Absolutely awful service. The lady at the front desk was so RUDE right off the bat. Honestly, the two interactions I had with this lady made me so uncomfortable and made me never want to return to this location. Who wants to go to an establishment and get talked down to? Service most definitely impacts someone's experience, and this place needs to get some better employees!I have a few complaints about this place.
1) The floors are DISGUSTING. While I was waiting for my food I made the mistake of looking at the ground. I get it, you sometimes have a sudden rush of people but at this time it was slow and still early in the day. It looked like they didn't clean the floor in a week. I can only imagine what the kitchen looks like.
2) The food takes forever. They made up for it though since its usually delicious.
3) $11 dollars for parking, really? I don't even pay that much in town.
4) They have a special on Foursquare that they REFUSE to honor. They act confused even when the manager gets involved. I'm not one of those people who make a big fuss about things but why have a special that you're not going to honor?
Its a grown up chuck e cheese but with some kids running around trying to take your tickets. I think next time I come back I'll do it drunk to have a full experience.Right, but all the things that people have mentioned---these are things I thought everyone knew, and embraced, before they went to an outing at this international party/event chain.
a) You WILL overpay for everything.
b) Your kids will sometimes have to fight with drunken 40 year-olds in business suits for a chance to play the cool games.
c) You will enjoy yourself despite all of this, because you are a drunken 40 year-old in a business suit. 
When I get rich, I might go to D&B's to watch sporting events, too. For now, I'll stick to my neighborhood bar.The games were fun, the food was decent, the service was absolutely horrible!
We waited 10 minutes to get seated, even though there were 5 servers there and only 4 patrons.  I had to flag one down to get seated.
Our waitress took our orders and brought back out drinks.  I finished a huge margarita and i still didn't have my appetizers yet.  I ordered a second margarita and asked about our appetizers and was told they are almost ready.
So she finally brings the appetizers after 33 minutes of waiting in an eating area that was 85% empty.  The appetizers weren't even on the table 1 single minute when someone else brings us our meals.  Seriously?  And nobody even thought that was a problem?
I let the waitress know it was my sons birthday and she told me "well we don't sing or anything, but I can give you a candle."  Ahh, isn't that nice?  Anyways, about 15 minutes later 4 of the servers go over to another table and start singing "Happy Birthday" to some kid.  WTF?  I thought they didn't sing happy birthday?  
I have been to other Dave and Busters and the service was acceptable.  i will not be going back to this one.Always have a good time always bring my family for good competitive gaming with a mix of bar style fun!Meh.  My dad worked security here briefly, so maybe I don't like this place that much because I know how poorly they treat their employees, how badly they pay them, and about the dirty, dirty conditions in the kitchen.  Gross.  Or maybe I'm not thrilled about this place because it's overpriced, the games suck, and the food is god-awful (which is par for the course because the employees are underpaid, treated poorly, and turnover quickly).  I've been here with friends, and it was okay, but I was bored and ready to head elsewhere in about an hour.  I definitely wouldn't suggest going back.  This place is just meant to do one thing - suck the money out of your pockets while maximizing profits for the owners.  There isn't even much pretense of trying to make the place an enjoyable place to hang out.  Unless you are the type of person who turns into a money-paying zombie at the sight of any and all video games, even the lame ones.  You're better off playing Wii at home and buying a case of beer to go with it.Our experience was pretty crappy. We got seated immediately but it was all down hill after that. Our food did not all come out together. My mom and nephew got theirs first and the rest of us waited at least 10 minutes to get our food. I had shrimp skewers, they were burnt, cold, and $17. My mom had a Portobello mushroom burger and the mushroom was probably the size of a half dollar (complete waste of money). My sister got the turkey avocado BLT, the turkey meat was legit lunch meat (we could have stayed home to make that) and there was no bacon or avocado on it. The bathroom was absolutely disgusting, there was even a lady in there "maintaining" it but she was not doing a good job. The bar in the game room was so dirty, it smelled like it hasn't been cleaned in over a month. To top it off the game room was way too packed that it was almost impossible to play a game. My family will not be back. Step your game up D&BHorrible staff from the parking garage attendant to the suck ass front desk staff who doesn't try to explain anything to but just point and what's on the desk to the long wait,unprofessional staff at the dining area. Do Delaware ave a favor and just close. It is an embarrassment.Tonight i went to Dave & Busters to celebrate my sons 11th Birthday. When we walked in we went straight to the host to reserve a table for our party of 5.  The Host was a rude young man.  We played some games and the hour wait went very fast. The young lady who was in charge of the seating area was very kind and is the reason i gave them 4 out of 5 stars.  She made this night so much better.  She really cared. I was very shocked and how good the food was tonight.  I had a grilled chicken ceaser salad, and the Philly cheese steak. I didn't get the young lady's name but i wish i did to give her the proper credit that will make me go back again.I can't with this Dave and Busters...like ever. Everytime I go it's always something. So let's talk about the last time I'll step foot in this one. Came in to play billards since my wife thinks she can beat me somehow. No happy hour whatsoever...like ever. So bam, we're paying full price for drinks during any other bars happy hour times. Minus a star. I didn't mention it took FOREVER to get someone to take our order. Crazy thing was that we were the ONLY people there at the time. We finally were greeted by a random waiter after I sassed someone into sending one. Minus 4 stars. So much revamping but nothing that the customers can necessarily benefit from. All in all I can't stand yall with a passion and won't be back.Dave and busters is what it is - a bit pricey at times - but the location of this Dave and busters allows it to be a great place for lots of fun! Go to Morgan's pier for drinks first and then stop in here and you will have a great time! I would say the service is not the friendliest. I don't think the people working there necessarily love there jobs, but if you want to play some games I suggest it! Perfect location to make a fun afternoon downtown out of it.This place sucks. Half the equipment at the games don't even work. Broken, low-quality equipment. The only thing that was ok was air hockey--otherwise, the worst arcade I've ever been to. Expensive, too. Very disappnted--will not come backWe took for kids from England here at 11:30am on a rainy weekday, and got them each a $25 play card, and they had a blast for almost four hours! They kept winning more plays, and they won tickets for candy. 
They absolutely loved it! Europeans don't have anything like this. The quality of the games absolutely blew the kids minds!Came here in october for my birthday and I had a blast, my cousin was picky so they didn't have much to accomodate her, they took care of our large party very well and their drinks were delicious. The bar was a bit more pricier but were paying for center-city pricing, I just wish parking was free here. I was happy to see it not super crowded as well..I will return here again!My brother chose to host a family get-together here for just us "kids" (that is, his siblings, all in our 40s) and the "little kids" (a 4 year old niece and 13 year old nephew) to celebrate his wedding - no parents or in-laws.  It was supposed to "bring back memories" of when we were a lot younger, killing time at the arcades.
First we ate and drank at the restaurant - lots of good options, all medium priced and okay for the money.  I had the burger sliders and shared a chocolate pie thingie.  But LORD, the noise - between the music and screaming kids....
Then we entered into the dark yawning mouth of the arcade area and the noise increased exponentially.  It was like a really bad casino.  And who thought it would be a good idea to mix drunk adults and hyperactive kids?  I gave the little kids $10 each to waste on the games.  Other aunts and uncles did the same.  One of my sisters won 1,000 tickets on a game, but found out that the prizes you could choose were laughably cheesy.  So don't come in here expecting to win a TV set for 1,000 tickets (which probably cost us $100 to win).
Cheesy fun, but not my cup of tea.Has its own parking lot, its the biggest and best by far in the Philadelphia area. This D&B is actually worth going to for sporting events and football on Sundays. Foods actually good. We had went there for new years last year and had a blast. Check it outWe came to Philadelphia with no plan and a dying iPhone.  This night could have turned bad quickly.  After driving circles around the city we decided to quit and park near some strange pregnancy building with blocks exploding out of it.  Pretty sweet.  
I decided we needed to walk towards the water.  That seemed like the area to be.  And oh hot damn it was.  DAVE AND BUSTERS!!! i screamed with delight.  We scampered past some awful smelling places and into D&B searching for the shooting game with the best price and best graphics.  AHH!! Card not AUTHORIZED?!? Oh it's ok, just go to the front and if you bought your card in another state they'll authorize it to work there and then u can shoot it up til dawn! ok until 12am on Sundays.  
Unfortunately like all Dave and Buster's, there's an issue of messed up guns not reloading or shooting nowhere near where you're pointing it because some crazy ass kid smashed the game to death.  I had a big issue with a shotgun.  But maybe if enough people go they'll replace their damn guns and I can get to killing zombies.  Or dinosaurs.  Or bad GIs.COME ON WEDNESDAY!!! No other day is worth the gaming money IMO, unless you have some magical talent for getting tickets on machines that are clearly out to get you. Also, I've only ever gone for the games, so I can't say anything about their food.
With that said, the games are awesome for 50% off days! This D&B had just about every game possible. One of the hidden gems that give good ticketing amount is this car race machine near the racing games. It's got a jackpot of 500 (when I went!) and any light bulb you hit around it is 60-100 tickets--A DEAL!! I mention this one because I haven't seen it at other D&Bs. 
Caution: games require "fixes" pretty often, especially on a busy night like Weds. Lots of machines will run out of tickets or stop spitting out tickets randomly and you have to wait for one (of only like 3??) workers to come fix it. The people at the bar will not fix games. It's easier to go to the ticketing counter and ask them to walk-talkie in someone. I stood at a machine for about 20 minutes because they got backed up...but the guy that came and fixed it gave me a few extra tickets which was really nice of him. 
The workers seem kind of stressed running around trying to fix machines and manage children that are running around madly, so I give props to them, they really seem like they're trying. Me and 2 friends met a particularly hilarious and friendly worker who happened to be around when I met those 3 broken machines and each time he dealt with us with a smile and said goofy things, Thanks curly mustache man!!
The gifts aren't bad and a good chunk of them are attainable without breaking the bank on a Weds night. I was able to score a food chopper and a D&B mug and will go back (on a Weds) to try and get something fancier perhaps or to chat with the hilarious mustache worker!Dave and Busters is fun for the kids. I like the bar, it's a safe bet sports bar while kids play games. Menu isn't bad got a lot of kid genre items. They have cool drinks however whatever they supposed to be or look like (flavored ice cubes or etc.) is not what you are going to get so don't plan on that. Tickets are worth it as they add up fast and have decent prizes. The credit system for the games is a racquet 9.9 credits for a lot of games? Basically 26 plays for $40.00. I give it 4.1/5.0 for being only kids place that has beer that I know of other than theme parks. Your Kids can play you can drink and watch sports it's a win.Hadn't been to Dave and Busters in years so we stopped in for lunch last weekend.  The food was pretty good and the kids had fun playing some of the games... It was pretty loud in the game area, but that was to be expected.  There was a radio station giving out prizes while we were there so that was kinda fun.  Came home with a couple Eagles cheerleaders calendars - and a much lighter wallet LOL!today was my grandsons 9th birthday and we partied here. letting the kids have fun was the best.  the service was terrible. contstantly had to ask for things. i was led to believe their would be a hostess.  the soda was flat they brought food out slow. when it was time to cut the cake waited 15 minutes for a knife that we had to go look for some one to get. then another 10 minutes to get plates and forks. then after the bill was paid their was an additional bill brought. i just don't get it. that was the worse customer service. thanks for making me feel like the party i threw was unorganized.Came here earlier this year with a couple friends.  The food was ehh...so so...nothing worth coming back for..  Dave & Buster's is basically a Chuck E Cheese's for adults...i love video games and this place was just OK....some of the games were broken and old.  A place like this should have newer games and better maintenance...
Also, to agree with Beetle S.'s review, the carpet DID smell of vomit is some spots...it was pretty gross.
Probably won't be coming here again...Great place for the entire family! You can relax and enjoy yourself while the kids play games. I've also been here for Corporate functions.... Great place overall!Went there last night in a group of 7. They charge $15 for parking which still is disappointing even with the $7 coupon on the back. Place was a madhouse- I cant believe the fire marshall didnt show up. Was told 3 hours for a table. Something opened up near the bar an hour later so we took it since we had driven over an hour to get there and were starved. Took 20 mins to get my draft beer which was $7.50 and not the right temperature! My buffalo chicken minis were OK but my husbands cheeseburger still had ice in it. Waitress claimed she walked around the table to see if everything was fine and he didnt mention the burger then. That was a lie-she asked a couple people in the group if they needed refills and nothing more and my husband was out smoking a cigarette.  He took literally two bites and quit so its not like he ate it then complained. She offered to order another burger but the whole group was so disapounted with their food and the wait time he declined. Another person in the group complained that her food was not very good and the waitress was not at all surprised. She said they get complaints all the time about the kitchen. Place was filthy and our sky high bill that arrived made everyone upset. Would have rather spent that money somewhere else where the food was actually good and edible. $15.63 for a double shot of jack daniels and coke which had no coke in it. The only reason this location is able to survive is because of the games. Will never go back.If you're looking to have fun at a cheap price, than this place is it.
You can eat and play for essentially $16 per person. What they don't tell you is that with taxing as stuff it turns out to be about $20 per person, so going with a group of 4 friends is going to cost you at least $80. And if you have a cheap friend like me, ordering a soda leads to comments like "do they charge more for that?". So be warned if you're on a really tight budget.
With the combo you get 60 credits in games, and I am not going to lie, they go fast. So you'll probably go on a fun rush and load your card up with 50 more, and before you know it, that will be gone too. Considering the fact that the more flashy the game is, the more credits it costs, I usually like to go to the less flashy ones-like Pacman or racing-and then go to the more flashy ones-like Fruit Ninja and that spin wheel pirate thing. That way you can get the maximum fun out of your card without checking your bank account later and finding out you spent a whole $100 at Dave & Busters last night.
The bathrooms aren't atrocious, they're actually kinda clean. This is one of the most awkward places to take a BM, so if I were you I would try and hold it (lol).
Also, this place is located fairly close to Center City, so you can walk down Columbus and be in Old City within 15 minutes. There you can buy drinks and I guess continue your party. This place is also close to the MFL Spring Garden stop, but it still is a bit of a walk (and the station can be a bit shady). They have a parking garage, but it's paid. As far as parking vouchers go, I'm not sure. I think when you enter it's free, but you have to tell your server you parked to get a voucher of some sort (or I could be wrong, I wasn't the one that drove here so I wouldn't know).
As for the quality of food, it was alright. I mean, you get what you pay for. Chicken fingers and fries were okay, and my friend insisted that everyone at the table try her burger (yuck)! Oh yeah, and this place doesn't allow minors to come on their own, I've never tried it but if you do be warned.Absolute worst experience ever. I'll keep it short & simple. Drinks from the bar were wrong, took 40 minutes to get the bartender to return, terrible & rude service, over an HOUR for an appetizer which came out cold, managers & staff were clueless. Asked for the TV to be changed to a sports game (bc it was playing a movie) and the manager said if he changed the TV it would change all of them in the restaurant. He was clearly lying, because they turned the TV when we arrived and we watched them do it. Also, the TVs in the bar we're playing sports and the dining room had a movie, so clearly he was lying. The menus had a sticky substance and all of the pages were stuck together! Totally gross place. Health dept. needs to inspect this dump.