As a late night spot to grab some eats, this place is pretty darn good. It's an above average chinatown restaurant to begin with, so it stands up pretty well compared to other late night options.  I usually get a salty fish and chicken fried rice with some mapo tofu and salt and pepper pork.  Of course, anything that comes in a clay pot (or hot pot) is pretty mouth watering also. 
I've never been there during normal hours and I'm usually pretty tipsy (or tired) when I get there so I guess there's a chance it's not as good as I think... but I doubt it.Go somewhere else if you want real fresh authentic Chinese. Went here late night for the first time in years when there were no options. I usually prefer Jade Harbor or Thai Lake for legit Cantonese food in Chinatown. This place seems to cater towards Non-Asians and also attracts undesirables late night. If you order something authentic like Crab Meat Fish Maw Soup or Seafood Pan Fried Noodles, it has no taste and seems like it is flash frozen and microwaved. They just push out their Salt and Pepper Wings, General Tso, and Lo Mein, the typical American Chinese food you can get at your local Chinese spot, which is probably fresher. Also, I would not recommend anyone ordering seafood here. Mai Lei Wa is disgusting, overcrowded, rude staff, and overpriced. Spend your money elsewhere.Love the food and customer service. Its one of the few places thats been around for a long time. Not much has changed since the last time I was there in the 90's.Based on the reviews, this place sounds like a hang out for the club kids after hours. But for day time dinning, there are much better food within a block in any direction. The wanton noodle soup was so so. The beef chow fun was okay but not something to write home about. The atmosphere is your typical American/Chinese place. When I was there some one next to us order an egg drop soup! Damn, I have not hear anyone order that for a long long time.Im a big fan of this late night chinese place. It is one of the only restaurants that is open pretty damn late on the weekends. It gets super packed (afterhour) and becomes a total chaos! I still give this a 4 star b/c they do a superb job getting your order right and getting you the tasty grub (everything taste AWESOME at 2 am). I always get their salt and pepper chicken wings and their House pan fried noodles. The servers are a bit rude but hey i dont blame them. They have to cater to drunk customers all night. They also have beer and liquor that they serve till a certain time. Overall i would def recommend this place to my fellow Yelpers to try out!This is my definite go to place to solve my late night munchies especially after leaving Old City after a night of drinking lol..  The food is pretty good and its not too bad for the price... but I can't quite say the same about the service. Its a pretty hit or miss but I would say that's most chinese restaurants in Chinatown.. right?I've been coming to this place since I started living in Philly. No matter what day, hour, or holiday I go, David's is always serving up great food. I've taken friends and family here countless times and they always feel the same way. Their egg drop soup is FANTASTIC, definitely one of (if not the) best bowl in Chinatown.So last night, we pour ourselves in a cab, and my companion directs the driver to David's Mai Lai Wah. Admittedly, it was difficult to focus on anything at that point, but three wise words from the driver wedged themselves into my exhausted, boozy brain: duck lo mein. 
We arrived at David's and I excitedly scanned the menu - no duck lo mein in sight. Disheartened, I decided it wouldn't hurt to at least ask. The reaction from the waiter was the best reaction I have ever received upon ordering food, a combination of wonder and excitement and deep approval. Apparently, that cab driver is the only person who ever orders duck lo mein, and I am honored that he found my companion and I worthy recipients of his secret. So now, dear Yelpers, I pass on the secret to you - duck lo mein. It is exquisite, delicious, filling - juicy, succulent duck with slightly crispy skin, perfectly seasoned, and the noodles - oh, the noodles!
The portions are large and the price is small, so you'll have lunch the next day. I'll say it one more time, in case you missed it: duck lo mein.The worst service I've ever had in my entire life! We were waiting for awhile and the waiter totally ignored us and gave the table to the white people who were behind us.  The waiter was rude and told us to shut up when one of my co-workers was asking for the bill. You can totally see the difference in the service they gave toward white people vs. non-white. The food is okay but not worth waiting. Heed my advice, don't go here for Chinese food, there are much better places in Chinatown!
BTW, if I could give no stars I would!!Definitely one of the BEST after hours restaurants to hit up after a long night in the city.  I haven't been here in a while, but from what I remember, food was pretty good - although everything is probably good at 3am after a few drinks.  And I have to give shout outs to the wait staff and David for putting up with my drunk friends this late in the evening.  And I definitely agree with Dave H - quick service, considering the time of night...
I still have yet to try this place during the day...Food is pretty good esp. the fried dumplings and the fried chicken, but the workers are really rude. I hate it when the service sucks...Mai Lai Wah, you're so good to me.
The great thing about Mai Lai wah is that it isn't JUST a place for folks that may stumble in after a night of boozing - it tastes just as good completely sober, so that basically means three thumbs up (one for when you're boozy, one for when you're hungover, and one for when you're sober)!
You can't go wrong with the salt and pepper chicken wings or squid, dumplings (the best anywhere, period), and beef lo mein. 
The staff may be nasty but as long as the food is this good, I can overlook that.Probably my favorite Chinese joint in the whole City. They are open really late, and the food is always excellent. They have a great selection of standard fare Chinese food. If your there, ask for the noodle menu, and try their different tasty noodle soups. They also have excellent dumplings. As far as alcohol goes, they have a decent selection, Tsingtao beer,  among other Imports and Domestics. You can also get Saki Wine if you like. Another thing I like about this place is they give you orange slices at the end of the meal. Something about that makes for a more enjoyable meal.Salt and pepper wings are the bomb, this place is cool for hitting up after the club or on lunch for some great chinese foodHands down best late night Chinese food in the city. I come here all the time with friends to get sweet and sour chicken at 1am! The place is always packed!David's is my favorite Chinese restaurant in Philly.  Its my Chinese home away from home, and a place that I know I always have a seat at.  I have been going there since the 80s and it has only gotten better.  The food is outstanding!   Don't order off the menu ask a Danny to cook for you or Ling to choose something.   If you want pho-chinese this isn't the place.  Get something different and you will be happy.  If you want some good old american Chinese try the Walnut Shrip and Scallops.   The Hong Kong Wonton Special soup is better than Mom's Chicken noodle!late at night when i'm hankering for good grub, my stomach automatically signals to brain --- fried dumplings from mai lai wah. unfortunately the move to los angeles renders me unable to get my fix, but i encourage all fluffy-delphians to get it while it's hot. the wait staff is super sweet. if you're ever stuck for a place to go to eat at 3 a.m. after a night of clubbing, you can't go wrong with the fried dumplings.The food may be a bit questionable (although not terrible), but where else are you going to get piping hot Chinese food at 3am on a weeknight?dependable, fast, warm and comforting. i love this place, much like i love my favourite blanket.
mai lai wah has better sauces, though....Highly disappointed! We arrived at 1:45am on a Sunday. The sign promised that the restaurant was open until 3, But the night manager refused to let a group of perfectly-mannered patrons (who arrived right before us) eat.  I should mention that their group had been OK'ed and a table was promised to the Caucasian female who had arrived first before the rest of the group, but when the rest of the group showed up and happened to be primarily Black, the night manager told them the restaurant was all of a sudden closed! We were so shocked. We chose to leave rather than give our money to that place!I'm a fan!
Who needs good service when your food is the bomb, right? To be honest, the service was the only thing standing between David and that fifth star! 
The fried dumplings were yummy and affordable! We actually only got dumplings and a couple other "snacks". We ordered about 50 of em! And they were cooked well, extremely juicy and flavorful (the only way a dumpling should be, am I right?). 
Egg rolls, spring rolls and wonton soup were also a hit!I eat at a lot of chinatown places, and this is my favorite.  
It is good, cheap chinese food... just the way it was intended to be made! I have no had one bad thing from there yet.  AND it is open really really late.
Things I like:  Shrimp Egg rolls, egg drop soup, all the fried rices, shrimp lo mein, shrimp with vegetables, and well... everything else they have.  Their spicy food is every good and I usually hate spicy food!
+ they take credit cards (rare for chinatown)
+ Cheap, dirt cheap
(-) they don't deliver... which is probably good or I would be eating here way too much!!!No idea where or why the neg reviews are coming from for this establishment!! It has been one of the best "in the know" restaurants for decades. Obviously for the late nite crowd, but honestly, apart from the rather depressing attitude/pose of some servers, in my 30 yr experience in Philadelphia, the food is as good as any I've had in Chinatown. It used to be more cheerful back in the day I swear... but generations of drunken morons have probably taken a toll. Hope it will continue to revive and survive long into the future!It was once Fried Dumplings, Salt & Pepper Shrimp / Squid / Scallop, all the way. Now it's just a place to avoid.
These people HATE their customers. Been here hundreds of times. This WAS a great place to get Chinese food late night. I was a huge fan going back years. But the truth is, sadly, Mai Lai Wah has become just another nasty place in Chinatown with some of the worst service you will find anywhere.
I actually walked out on my takeout order the last time I was there, having already paid for it. "15 minutes" they said. I sat there quietly for 45 minutes. My food wasn't even starting to come out of the kitchen yet (I'm well familiar with the "fried dumpling dance" and takeout order assembly line in the kitchen). Two people who ordered takeout after me got their food before me. Other people are complaining about their orders, arguing about the bill, or complaining that they their orders haven't been taken yet. And here I was still waiting, patiently, quietly. 
Then I realized I had better just leave. 
No $22 worth of Chinese food is worth dealing with this crap. If I ask for a refund, they won't give me one. And do I want to eat food made by people who hate me?
So the credit card company gave me my money back.
Within the last couple of years, the service has really, really slipped. They are so disorganized now, getting food orders mixed up, making people wait forever, mixing up checks, etc. Bathrooms are nastier than ever. I looked past the COCKROACH scurrying across the floor a couple years ago, thinking "that can happen to an old place." 
But lately, with the turn towards even worse service, I can't look past the obvious. You have to be drunk, stoned, stupid, or from out of town to like this place.
This place is a dump.I'm going to keep this short, and to the point. This place is excellent, I have never been disappointed. 
-Unpretentious 
-no frills
-Filling
-Excellent preparation
-far and above better than any "take out joint"  I have had, and feels more "authentic" than the more trendy " Asian fusion" restaurants popping up. 
-Open lateIt was ok. Would give it more so 3 1/2 stars. Good dumplings... Chicken ok. Still haven't found great egg foo young in philly. They do serve cheap alcohol.I haven't really dined in her but we did take a Togo from here one evening. Their chicken wings are delicious. Definitely coming back for that and maybe we'll also have a chance to try the other foods. Kind of bummed that they don't open till the afternoon but I guess it's because they're open till late in the morning. It is very crowded inside when you first walk in through the doors but they're very fast when presenting their food, just like any other Chinese restaurant. So I dont worry about waiting too long when taking a To Go order.Where else would I get my chicken fix after a night of drinking with friends at 3 am? NO WHERE ELSE.
Honestly, I've only had the chicken here--because it is bomb. I really like looking at the other patrons sitting around me once I sober up a little bit and *feel* the cohesion in the restaurant with the hodge-podge array of people who made some bad choices, but redeemed themselves by coming here in the early morning. 
My friends and I first stumbled upon this place, as we are all not from Philly but in college nearby, after leaving Hopsing's the friendly owner recommended this place to us. He told us Will Smith came here to eat before (lol I/m pretty sure he made that up and is probably friends w/ the owner here---but w.e.). 
I keep telling myself I should come here during normal dining hours to see what it's like (if the customers are different, lol). I also find myself wondering if this restaurant is like Chinatown's mafia gang hq--because I get that feel when I'm here. 
Honestly, their friend chicken is sooo good and the only fried chicken I eat. 
*BEWARE, this is not freaking Morimoto or anything, so know where you're dining at before you eat & complain about it on yelp. The waiters here are always courteous and nice even though we're sometimes rowdy--apologies to my fellow 3am-ers.*Worst customer service that I've ever been too! Family and I arrived at restaurant at 2 am just to be physically pushed out of business with angry man saying they are closed. The business didn't close until 3 am. He continue to yell within the restaurant at others dining telling them that they won't be served. I asked if he was the manager and owner and he said yes. He then proceeded to turn the lights off on the dining guest and told them that they were closed and to leave. I would never return to this place. WORST customer service everTo my memory, this is probably the first Chinatown Restaurant I have ever been to in my life. I was probably just a little boy when I first stepped into this little corner hut. Then after my young years, I would only venture into this restaurant after the club closes, as it is one of the few places still up and running.
Fast foward to yesterday. We were looking for a quick bite in Chinatown and decided to stumble into David's Mai Lai Wah to order the Salt and Pepper Chicken Wings. We got that, and added some roast duck and soy sauce chicken. First off, the wings were amazing. Fried perfectly with a crunch that could be easily defined as divine. The ginger sauce that accompanies the dish was perfect as well. It's a strong ginger taste for the new, but I absolutely love it because it gives a great kick with the saltiness of the wings. 
The other dishes were so so/average. Nothing too special here, but probably better off ordering from those that specialize in it. 
The service was quick and prompt. The atmosphere and decor resembled that of a small hole in the wall somewhere in the crowded streets of NYC. Does it serve NYC quality Chinese food though? Probably not, but some dishes do stand on their own. It's good, and worth the small price, so give it a try.I gave it 5 stars because I am basing my review as a late night take out restaurant.  It is hands down the best place I've gotten food from at 3am.  I moved to Chinatown a few months ago and this restaurant has become a staple.  The food here is great and it's priced reasonably.  I generally stay pretty safe on the menu, ordering the General Tso's Chicken and other common Americanized Chinese dishes and those have always been good.  More recently I've been ordering food that I have no idea what to expect of, and I have yet to be disappointed.  I love this place because it is open when I get off the late shift at work, and this quality of food is especially rare at 2 or 3 in the morning.  
I've seen other reviews that slam the service here, but in the 15-20 times I've ordered food here I haven't had any problems with the staff; though I should say that I haven't actually dined in the restaurant either.I used to love this place because a friend of my mom's would always order food from here for me. I've always hear rumors about this place that the people that works here are racist, they only serve Americans. And I was there with my friends last time, we were standing there for a good 5-10 mins. The waitress obviously saw us but ignored us, so we left! Bad ass service ever! Idc how good your food is, but your service sucks! And you guys are Asian too!Stopped in for some late night goodies. Love their stir fried wide noodles and I couldn't resist I got an order of dumplings and 2 orders to go. Like their sign says; it's better than crack, meth or weed!! Bahaha I love this place. Great place for after hours when we go out drinking too!!! Oh they're open until 4am and serve alcohol until 2Davids is an amazing place to come if you're looking for a place to get great & cheap Chinese food at all hours. I highly recommend the pork fried rice, Singapore noodles if you're a curry lover, and their fried dumplings are delicious. 
The staff are attentive, the food comes out fast and fresh and if you manage to not go home with leftovers you're doing it wrong.LOOOOVE their noodles and dumplings!!
Service is definitley hit or miss, but the noodles.....oh man, so tasty. Can't really speak for the rest of their menu because I only get noodles and dumplings when I go there.our good friend's husband, who happens to be Korean, LOVES Chinese...food and people, he he he; her hubby is Chinese. 
Anyway, we came here because the recently wed couple wanted to take us out to lunch at one of her favorite places of all time, in the heart of Chinatown.  So off we went....
Upon entering, we were greeted and quickly seated as it was Sunday and just past the lunch rush, so we took up two tables and someone in our party ordered for us.  Heard that this place was known for the salt and pepper squid and also the salt and pepper chicken, so of course we had that; plus a lot more.  I gotta say that I've had better salt and pepper squid elsewhere, but the chicken was awesome, and everything else was good too, from the egg drop soup to the hot and sour of the same, the veggies and more.  The only thing probably is that the honey walnut shrimp had a little too much mayo for my taste, but the shrimp were large and in charge and we were totally full after our meal.  
I can't review the cost because the newlyweds took care of the bill before we could react; but the food and service are definitely worth coming back for in the future.  I believe there may be some better places, but this places gets the A-OK in my book!
Parking - can really suck if you're trying to get metered(and on Sundays, you don't have to pay), but there's a few paid parking lots all around.Good for late night cravings... Went in for the salt and pepper chicken and shrimp. Both were pretty good and arrived fast. 
The restaurant is dingy and needs a good scrub. I'm glad we went after a long night, we were too tired to focus on the surroundings.Idc how good David's food is....I WILL NOT BE GOING BACK! The service is horrible and you have to wait over a fucking hour for take out. Absolutely NOT.My usual got to spot for late night munchies.  This place doesn't really have a closing time.  It's usually open pretty late.
I always get an order of the salt baked wings - similar to the salt baked squid or triple delight, but with chicken wings.  They are crispy,  good size, and the salted jalapeños that come with the wings are a great spicy side.We were walking through chinatown at 3.30 after a party and decided we wanted chinese food, I assumed (bc philadelphia is the city that ALWAYS sleeps) that nothing would be open. I was wrong, David's was! Maybe we were drunk, but everything tasted awesome to me, exactly what I wanted.pros-
salt and pepper shrimp and scallops
cons-
LOOOOOOONNNG wait for either take out or sit down service
small portions, high prices
on a side note, i did see one of the most violent restuarant incidents occur here. some asian dudes came in (possibly Triads?) and start talking to the owner at the bar. next thing you know one of these guys starts beating the piss out of the owner right in front of the whole restuarant. then, HE PICKS UP MY PLATE OF FOOD AND STARTS THROWING FOOD ALL OVER THE OWNER! he then continues to pick up plates of other peoples food and do the same. finally , the cooks came from the back to defend the owner, but it was too late . the guys buddies were there and began kicking their asses. the whole restuarant fled wtihout paying. no cops showed up. very memorable.Zero stars!! Greedy, selfish & terrible service. 
I don't understand how it works here but customer service is supposed to put the customer first. 
My friend and I literally waited patiently for 30 minutes only for people to buss in front of us and be seated before. VERY unorganized and horrible service. Then they yelled at us to get up & leave after we sat down. They're food is not worth it and they need a reality check on how to treat people who PAY & TRAVEL to have your food. Also, who runs this place? How can they never think to expand after seeing people stuffed at the door OR hire better staff who actually acknowledges you. Also did I mention?UNSANITARY. Roach on my table the very first visit. Of course I pretend like I didn't just witness that in a restaurant! Really, how is this place still running? Never returning ever again!Amazing, authentic Chinese. They can get busy late night - but worth the wait or call in your order and take out. Great food!There's few things in this world that are as good as the dumplings at this restaurant we call it crack sauce that it comes with. Depending on the time of the night that you go there you can get a pretty interesting crowd in there but worth the entertainment the classic Chinese foodI can't believe this place only has 3 1/2 stars. This is hands down the best Chinese restaurant I've found in Philadelphia in terms of how the food tastes. (Isn't that the main point of a restaurant anyway??)
I'm a very picky eater, and I've never had a single dish here that I didn't like. The fried rice and salt and pepper squid are especially awesome. The salt and pepper squid is seasoned just right - not too salty. The fried rice is delicious, and it's obvious they made it themselves. They put bean sprouts and green onions in it - you won't find any of that gross pre-packaged frozen rice with peas and carrots here. Other dishes I've tried (that I can remember) are the salt and pepper soft shell crab (that was not bad, but not too exciting either - I'd skip it in favor of something else), and some shredded beef dish. I almost never order meat dishes because I hate the feeling of inadvertently biting into a disguised piece of fat or gristle. That is enough to ruin an entire meal for me. So, beef is not something I would normally order, but I tried it, and it turned out to be quite lean and well prepared - excellent!
No, it's not a very upscale restaurant, and the waitstaff isn't friendly. Don't ask them for a recommendation on what to order - you won't get one. (Not that it matters, because like I said, everything is delicious anyway.) I think it might be cash only as well, which is a bit inconvenient. But the food here is so good that all that stuff really doesn't matter. Plus, they're open until 2 or 3 AM - awesome! Now if only they would deliver...My wife & I love this place! We've been dining here for years.
Food is plentiful, I get to try foreign beers and the service is wonderful.
** Real fried rice (brown) with the egg pcs...NOT ghetto yellow rice***!!
Beef & broccoli is the best!
Parking SUCKS in that congested Chinatown area! Beware, parking cops are ALWAYS looking out.Sadly , those two stars are for the two delicious Long Island Iced Teas . 
I ended up here after my wife raved about how they used to be her family go to spot late night . After reading endless bad reviews , I gave it a chance anyway . I was surprised that the inside was so outdated . We were told to sit where we would like , considering the place is small . We sat & were given a very basic menu . We made the mistake of asking if they had anything similar to a teriyaki sauce . We were given attitude & smart remarks . Whoops . I guess I should educate myself on the different cultures . Anyway , we opted for the chicken and broccoli with white rice . I asked for 2 orders .... Well, we were given 1 with 2 plates . Confused , we asked if that was our 2 orders . She claimed to have forgotten , so we took an order to go . The food was simple but good . I liked the crushed red pepper sauce . Over all ... the drinks are enough to bring me back . 
Next time , we'll have to try those salt & pepper wings everyone talks about .Another disappointment...  I ordered Duck which was extremely greasy and overcooked.  There was little meat on the bones, and it was really tough.  My bf ordered this mixed seafood dish, which had like two pieces of lobster and a few pieces of shrimp, and then the rest of the dish was filled with chicken and pork.
The biggest disappointment was that the food was not authentic.  It seems like there are more Chinese American restaurants than there are authentic ones in Chinatown, which is not exactly a good thing since Philly is one of the largest cities in the U.S.
Basically, if you like heavy sauces that all taste the same, then this place is for you.  If you're looking for real Chinese food (not Americanized) then you might want to look at some other places.David's is the best!  I;ve been eating there for years, and the food is consistent, and consistently excellent.  Some of my favorite dishes are:  fried dumplings, salt and pepper squid, and roast duck chow fun.  But the best dish there is Hong Kong Wonton soup.  Wonton soup is a little old hat, but these wontons are hand made and delicate and delicious. Very fresh, very tasty.  Best time to go is 2:00 am when the place is rocking with everyone just out of the bars.I have been to Davids a handful of times now and can appreciate them for what they are - cheap, quick, tasty depending on what you order, giant group friendly and open late. I have definately had some misses here but the pad thai, garlic chicken, whatever the ginger sauce is that they give you with the veggie dumplings are great. I have had a few of their other entrees and was mildly impressed. But after trying their garlic chicken - it wasn't greasy and it was well flavored - I will be trying the beef and garlic next time. The hot and sour wasn't very spicey and had already started to congeal once it got to me so I was a tad disappointed with that but worse things have happened. 
Service is ok - they don't dote which is totally find by me but sometimes they start eating their dinner or taking calls and all you want is a glass of water. We just walk up and ask and it is fine - amusing though. 
So next time you are in chinatown with a handful of friends this may be a good spot!
And sidenote - I have always been sober so my opinions are for real.Best. Dumplings. Ever.
When I used to fly to Philadelphia from Florida, I would call David's and order dumplings and chow fun as soon as I got to the baggage claim so I could pick them up on my way home. I still go there whenever I'm in town (which, for what ever reason, is a lot). 
Love!My definite go-to when I want that authentic Chinese - especially late night. Everything is delicious and I love that they give you the tea at the table. Definitely recommend David's if you're in Chinatown!Used to go there a lot after work.  They serve alcohol so that is a plus.  The food comes out fast and it's cheap!  I used to order duck over rice a lot.  They also have congee!  Service and cleanliness can be an issue if you're a stickler for those kinds of things.  Great for late-night snacking!David's Mai Lai Wah has two great strengths:
1). They are open later than almost every other restaurant in the Chinatown area every day of the week (Sun-Thurs until 3AM; Fri&Sat until 4AM).
2). They sell take out beer in a part of town that is deficient in this aspect.
That being stated, the food isn't actually the best.  It is certainly passable and hits the spot if it's late night or you've been out prior to arrival... or if you just need food and beer from the same spot.  However, the beer is actually pricey.  A six-pack of Yuengling Lager will run you $10.50.  Other "premium" beers (Corona, Heineken, Tsingtao, Becks, etc.) will run you upwards to $15 for a six-pack.  Don't forget to check the math.  The servers seem to sometimes make it up on the spot.
One advantage though is the menu size.  It is quite large, especially for a late night meal.  I have tried the shrimp egg rolls, the fried rices, the lo meins, pan fried noodles with beef, kung po chicken, beef and duck chow fun with satay sauces, moo shu pork, char shu ding, and general tso's chicken (spicy) to name what I recall.
The general tso's chicken is actually quite good.  The fried rices are fairly tasteless.  The char shu ding is served with peanuts-- not almonds, fyi.  However, the majority of the food I've had seem to melt into one homogeneous classification of slightly off vegetables, rushed meats, and glop.  Unless your order states "dry" on the menu, chances are you're getting glop.  Worse yet, the food doesn't hold its flavor overnight.  Forget about having next-day seconds cooked in the microwave.
As for the waitstaff, either you love them or hate them.  They are seasoned servers who are efficient, if not slightly rude... but not really.  I like them.  Just don't be offended if they walk away from you in mid-conversation.
And yet, I keep returning to David's for the fact that they're simply open when others are not and that they sell beer until 2AM.  The food is passable.  The beer is expensive.  On second thought, if you want beer, go to Ho Sai Gai at 10th & Cherry.  It's cheaper and the waitstaff is nicer.So my brother and I decided to drop in this place after walking around Chinatown. The place was fairly small but quiet on the day we went. I ordered the pan fried vegetable dumplings and the general tsos bean curd. My brother got the wings.
Our service was horrible. The guy barely stopped at our table. The pan fried dumplings were bland and greasy and the sauce was very oily. 
My brother got his wings which did not come with jalapenos. My general tsos had no rice. And we sat there waiting for service.
Also the waiter did not bring the fried wonton or duck sauce over for appetizer. I will never come here again.The food is it actually pretty good and I liked them fried dumpling and coconut shrimp.Uhh... I'm just going to assume that all the four star reviews are based on meals eaten between 11pm and 4am when most other places are closed and this is one of very few available options. The carpet was filthy and covered with scraps of food. Really? The food itself is not *bad* but it is definitely average or below average quality. Had the shrimp with black bean sauce. Meh!I went early around five on a Thursday and it was pretty empty, however I my Goddaughter and I had to ask to be seated and after being seated, wait 15 minutes to be served... 
These Salt And Pepper Shrimp Come Highly Recommended And I'd Just Like To Tell Everyone That Swore By This Place You Can All Go To HELL #Davids In #Philly Is Disgusting In Ambience, Service And Smell!!!! And These Shrimp Are Mediocre At Best! #phillyfood #Foodporn #FoodReview #Foodie #Shrimp #Chinese #Food #Chinatown 
The server looked at my receipt and said "No Tip" No, I replied he then said well next time carry out, I reminded him I had to Ask Him to take our order!!!! Never AgainI got late night hot and sour soup and steamed dumplings. The soup was pretty standard, but the dumplings were excellent. They seemed freshly handmade and came with delicious ginger business. Highly recommend them.Before either of them had a TV show or even a comedy special worth mentioning, Louis C.K. opened for Jerry Seinfeld at a show in Boston. C.K. finished his set, thanked the crowd and introduced Seinfeld before adding, "he's the best comedian in the world." The second Seinfeld finished a set of newly-minted "what's the deal with..." jokes he made a beeline and cornered C.K.: "Don't fucking put pressure on a person like that."
Hype places an unsolicited burden on an art form before you experience it. Hype is an audience sitting with arms crossed and blank faces saying, "The best, huh? Let's see what you've got then, big shot." The problem is, Philly Mag introduced David's Mai Lai Wah as the best comedian in the world. More accurately, it said they were the best Chinese in Chinatown. Oh really, David's....?
One of the features here is the Chow fun. Chow fun is similar to chow mein, borrowing the same flavorings, meats, and includes additions like bamboo shoots and green onion. But even after adding satay to my dish I've still had pad That that was more exciting. The flavor of the chicken chow fun packs the punch of a gentle breeze and the satay adds the heat of a Little League World Series fastball.
The dumplings were good. The ginger puree was a refreshing touch, a nice change up from the typical garlic soy sauce. However, even for pan fried dumplings these were greasy and their yellow hue made me think they were egg dumplings. Not your typical potstickers, to be sure.
The sesame chicken didn't have that zesty kick to it and the chef Bogarted the extra heat I was promised. The flavors were dialed back to lame, though nicely absent were those pieces of fried dough that don't manage to cling to the chicken. For Ed Rendell, this would have been an example of the wussification of faux Chinese food. For me, it was an example of unmet expectations.We always end up here after discovering tai lake is closed. We never regret the decision. I've never been before 3 am (or sober) and it is always packed. 
Service is rushed but efficient. Once the crowd begins to file out, the waiters are much more relaxed (and really funny - albeit at our expense)
The general tso's chicken (ok, i'm not always the most adventurous eater) is perfection.
I've also tried a variety of dishes that my friends have ordered, none of which I could name to save my life (the food, not the friends). All of it has been great.
Plus, you can take a trip over to the fish tanks and make friends (or amends) with your food before they cook it.Great spot for late nights. 
I had some beef lo mein and an egg roll which were pretty decent and flavorful.
Typical greasy chinese, but I had a fine meal. I would go back just for the price and that it's open till 4am.Same thing everyone else has said:
-awesome late hours
-large crowd during these late hours
-really large menu
-drinks
-lots of grease
All these factors probably means that this place will help you ease your hangover tomorrow :-P Enjoy!Everything was great here. Fresh and tasty. Best shrimp lo mein I've had. Nice grill flavor to noodles. Even the tea was exceptionally tasty.Salt & pepper shrimp  is amazing...Nice atmosphere with a great price ! To crowed for me after 1am but man this places gets two thumbs up  The staff was friendly tooI don't know why i have to go back here...
They definitely don't know how to cook! Overly soy sauce
Schezuan mistakenly with sweet and sour dish
Fried rice is bland
They rush you eating 
White rice $2.50 each
Budha delight taste and look awful
I'd rather choose jade harbor or wong2 betterThis place has everything going for it.  Ask 99% of Chinese coworkers/friends and they know the best of David's Mai Lai Wah.  They are open till 3 am so if you need that middle of the night wonton soup it's there.  For those looking for wonton noodle soup - they keep the soups on a separate menu - you have to ask for the soup menu. Their fried dumplings with garlic sauce are the absolute BEST.Food is average among the chinatown places but the service is extraordinarily bad even for chinese restaurants. Got takeout here once and had to wait over an hour, pestered the waiters a few times but they didn't even bother checking on the order, just said kitchen is busy.  Probably would avoid in the future if I could.I strongly suggest you dine somewhere else but here. Most of the servants had terrible and arrogant attitudes that made us leave instantly without ordering at all. When we arrived, there was this servant who kept moving our belongings without permission. We were so offended by his rudeness that we left right away. Good thing that they didn't charge the tea and water.This is a great Chinese Restaurant if you have your drink on at 2:00am. You leave and say this is the best I've ever had. Then you try it sober for lunch and you say.. What was I thinking.Honestly not sure how I had never been to David's before. I've lived in Philadelphia for a long while now, and there have been many, many nights when I've wanted a drunken late-night meal. David's delivers (figuratively). It's cheap, hot, fast, not so friendly but whatever. What more could you want? The place is open til at least 3am.I order takeout and the food was decent, really disappointed to look into my bag after my meal to see that there were NO fortune cookies. It's the main reason I enjoy Chinese food. Really upset about this.This was  a good option after going out on a monday night. It was either here or dinner food and the diners were too far away . I think we made a good choice, the prices are decent and the food was tasty. The service was very good but there were only 5 tables of people,  I heard of crazy wait times but I was lucky to get my food very quickly.Open late, decent chinese food and prices, terrible service. If you want to go to a place where the waiters talk to you or make eye contact, go elsewhere. Come here for great drunk chinese food that isnt nasty american takeout.are you ready for this? Here is the list of food I get every single time i go here...
1. chicken corn chowder (I like to add the chili oil...dont add too much, i like spicy stuff but a small spoonful is plenty)
2. salt pepper squid (perfect amount of crunchy and chewy)
3. clams with black bean sauce (sometimes comes out too salty...just eat it with a lot of rice
4. beef chow fun ( the noodles are nice and chewy and they are generous with their beef)
5. walnut shrimp ( honestly...the candied walnut are my favorite part ahah. the shrimp is delicious but sometimes overwhelming, so I appreciate that they give the broccoli to balance the heaviness of the mayo sauce)
now....i realize I sound like a big fatty but I just like the variety. heheAwesome food but worst service. Do not go if you are in any sort of a rush.  Dumplings are a must. Most love the ginger sauce but I personally hate it. It is the equivalent of gnawing on a piece of ginger root.  I personally recommend the salt and pepper squid.Ordered 2 "wonton noodle soup" very simple dish. Only one bowl came and they wanted me to wait another 5 minutes for the next one. How you going to have a customer wait 5 minutes for the same dish that could of been cooked at the same time? The noodle was very hard and stiff as well.Searching for a bar in chinatown isn't the easiest find. The sign said cocktails so this place had to do. I went with a friend before a Troc show, hoping to save a few bucks.  It's a restaurant but they squeeze in a tiny bar/cash register with four or five stools. I doubt anyone even sits here, but we did. I ordered a five dollar rum and coke. I didn't look what he poured but most of the shit there was bottom of the ladder quality. So basically, I ended saving zero money. It was a strange experience, at least I had that going for me.Almost gave it 3 stars, but I couldn't based on both the food and the service.
Visiting from California, I guess my tastes are biased, but very simple dishes were just done poorly and pretty expensive. The Yang Chow fried rice was mostly the burnt parts of the cooked rice: extremely clumpy with little to no flavor. Yang Chow fried rice is pretty pale in color already, but the dish we got didn't seem fried much at all. 
The house pan-fried noodles had too much sauce, and the noodles seemed haphazardly thrown in there during frying. Not much on top either. Deceptively lots of veggies but only bits of char-siu and chicken. Looks like a large portion, but the noddles are barely there.
The only thing done up to par was the salt and pepper fried chicken wings. Hot, flavorful, and crisp. 
I was offended most by the service. We walked in and sat down, but the servers chose to serve everyone coming in behind us, while we sat there without menus for a good 5-10 minutes. We were even signaling, and they seemed to ignore us during the whole meal. Stereotypically dismissive service, I suppose.Heard about their Salt and Pepper Wings, and they were amazing. A lil spicy but not too overwhelming. We ordered Shrimp Fried Rice on the side. Nice and brown, fried to perfection. I also ordered General Tso Chicken with a side of White Rice. The General Tso Chicken was really good, spicy as well but good.
The portions were decent. Left with leftovers.
The simple fact that they serve alcohol is also a plus.
Service was ok, not the best. Could have been better. No complaints though. 
I'll most likely be back soon to try some other things.Went to David's for dinner after a late night at work in Cherry Hill Nj. Went to pick up my Husband at home and we went to get something to eat. We found a parking spot  and walk down to the restaurant. Where we went in it was crowded for pictures but not at the table. The waiter came to the front  where we were standing and asked how many people we stated it was two people. So he said you can seat here and it was the table when you first come in near the front of the door and where people stand and seat at that table. While waiting for their food. High traffic in and out people talking loud. You can't enjoy your food. Then I told him that we couldn't seat their and it was empty tables but he said we couldn't set their because it's for a big party. But a  lady was sitting by herself at a table that has 4 seats now you tell me what was wrong with that situation. So my Husband said lets just leave. We was turn around to walk out the door and I stopped and said that I need to speak to the manger. So when the Manger came over with was a David his self and he wasn't making the matter no better he said that table is for a large  party and I told him then why did they put the lady and the large party three tables and they push them together. So all was left was the two large table in the middle of the floor. He said I don't know why they did that. And all he care about was the money and the take out orders. Then David said we will get you a table in one second. The we finally seat down by the kitchen. A customer came up to me and told me that they did the same thing to him and his wife but they was very RUDE tonight. And the party that was 4 people and then other people was coming in and moving seats and they ask a couple to move to a mother table so all of them can seat together. And the waiter was very RUDE I don't  know his Name but he is always. If you go their you will see. And It's crazy because David's Restaurant have good food and loyal clientele but his this keeps up a lot of people will not be giving David's no business!!!!! And even sometimes when you call the phone is so busy that you can't get through nav don't be specific what you want they will miss your order up. I'm so my husband we had to give them a break and find another Chinese place down to Chinatown. It won't be the same but anything is better than dealing with rude customer service.My friends and I discovered this Chinatown gem while in college. For a time, we would go every week for over a year. I recommend the house special soup, General Tsao's Chicken, and the salt and pepper squid. We get those items every single time, no exception with delicious results. The exterior and overall decor look like hell, but that has never been important to me when it comes to dining. If you can get past the excpetional (But occasionally rude) waitstaff and "shady" atmosphere you're in for a treat.This place hast be WORST customer service in the world. I live in chinatown and have given this place multiple chances and they continue to disappoint. Their food was tolerable but coupled with the sore and judgmental customer service, I would highly recommend to avoid this place and go to Ho Sai Gai across the street. If you prefer to be belittled and ignored, go to David's. If you like good Chinese food and a good atmosphere, stay clear of this overrated place.As mentioned many times before, Mai Lai Wah is usually a place that becomes popular in the AM hours of the night since there are only 4 or 5 places open in china town after the bars/clubs. 
I've generally held an acceptable opinion of this place as it provides mediocre food, especially late at night. I haven't gone to this place in awhile because one of my friends despises it because of poor service he received once so we usually stay away with it. 
So a few of my friends and i went back to david's the other week and received the worst service i have ever experienced. While arriving at the restaurant at around 10, way before the busy crowd comes, we ordered two appetizers for three people and each of us ordered a bowl of the noodle soups. It took them about 50 minutes to give us our bowls of noodle soups as they basically disregarded us as we sat out our tables with empty glasses of water. We never received either of the appetizers and when we asked, they said that they already brought it out. We told them that they never did and one of the other waiters confirmed it. Even so, we still had to argue with a few of the waiters to remove the two appetizers off of our check. 
After this experience, we decided to not provide a tip as one of the waiters followed me outside and yelled at us for being cheap. The food isn't anything special enough for me to ever go back there.This has become our go-to place in Chinatown!! It is very reasonably priced for the portions and the food is DELICIOUS!! Definitely NOT your typical, cheap Chinese food. It's great to go with a group so you can order a few entrees and try a little bit of everything. We usually end up here late night, but we have gone for dinner also and still had a great experience.
They have reasonably priced drinks, beer, wine, mixed drinks...but not the greatest beer selection if you're used to craft beer.
YOU MUST GET THE SALT AND PEPPER CHICKEN WINGS! They are dry, amazingly crispy wings topped with sliced jalapenos. We can't go to David's without getting them!
Everything I've had here has been great. Chicken Lo Mein, Chicken Chow Mein, Beef with Mixed Vegetables--all delicious!
I always look forward to the next trip to David's :-)Oh David's MLW, you let me down so much. I had such high expectations of this place
First time I came here the door was locked way before their 3am closing time and it wasn't even that full so I ended up going to men's seafood. Damn you David's.
Second time I came here was on a slow Sunday evening. We were seated and it kind of took us a bit before we got a waiter but omg he was so rude. We ordered just the salt and pepper chicken wings and hot and sour soup because we weren't very hungry. Our waiter was rude and told us the next time we come we need to order $20 worth or food or we will have to get it to go. When we got out food it wasn't all that good. The wings and the soup had no flavor. It struggled to eat all of it. I don't see myself returning to this place ever again after having such rude service an horrible foodI decided to check this place out as many yelpers were raving about how great David's was. First, I would say that the food was just mediocre. It was no different from the Chinese restaurants that I eat at from home. 
Service was good the waiter was attentive and refilled my empty glass quite often. ONe thing that bothereed me was they charged extra for rice. I didn't recall seeing that on the menu.
Like I have stated earlier it was just ok, so I wouldn't really comeback again as I can get the same or even better quality Chinese food back at home.I can't believe I've never reviewed this place before.  I've been going here for years.  Its my favorite regular Chinese place in the city.  Everything is done well, plus they have a few interesting things not on most menus.  Definitely worth a try if you've never been.Where else can you get mediocre Chinese food until 3am (or later) and drinks? They stop serving the drinks around 2am, but if you're trying to keep your buzz going, at least you can order a whole bunch at 1:59 am and then continue eating and relaxing with your friends. The service is decently quick, given the volume of people they churn through there. The food is pretty meh, but I guess that's par for the course.It's OK food at 3am.  Clean restroom to take care of business.Keto - Paleo Review
So I love wings of all flavors and the salt and pepper wings of David's have come highly reviewed even from legendary Philadelphia native Questlove. So I was excited to try them. I got these wings to go but David's interior is standard china town fair. Lots of tables scrunched into a small restaurant. Here's how the wings scored.
Taste 7.5-10
Keto/paleo - 6/10
I would say these wings were good but not great. I like my wings breading free, crispy and moist. The flavor was good very savory with hints of garlic and other traditional spices. The uniqueness was a plus especially if your bored of buffalo wings like I was. My only complaint is the wings are slightly breaded so more carbs or processed flour than i would have liked. This might make a good light cheat day meal. 
Overall I think the reviews of David's are spot on these wings would make a great post drinking medication but maybe not a place to go any other time.The best place in China town! They're open late and the salt and pepper wings are AMAZING.So I use to come here all the time after a late night of partying with my girlfriends. A time when no other place was opened late night in Chinatown. 
With a little alcohol in your system and a starving stomach from dancing through out the night I use to think this was a great place to end the night or should I say bring in the morning skies. =)
I remember eating here once with my parents and saying that the food was not good at all. And it's been awhile since than and for some reason I was craving for the Salt & Pepper Chicken Wings. And what a mistake. 
After ordering about $50.00 worth of take out food! I was highly disappointed! So here's a more in depth detail of my order.
* Small House Special Fried Rice $5.00
* Walnut Shrimp about $14.00
* Chicken Corn Soup $7.00
* Beef Chow Fun and $10.00
* Salt & Pepper Soft Shell Crabs about $12 or $13.00
Everything was BLAND!!! And if it wasn't bland it was too salty to eat!!! This is definitely a place only for the drunks who are too drunk to know what their eating!!! But if your looking for a good place to eat in Chinatown you're better off finding another place! Definitely not a favorite of mines.Ladies and Gentlemen - its all about the dumplings and the ginger sauce - to a lesser degree the roast pork and the salt and pepper shrimp.  Best dumplings in the city.Went back recently to my old haunt, Mail Lai Wah. It was a service nightmare. The dumplings were cold. This had happened once or twice on previous visits, but the wait staff had always been quick to heat them up. Well this time, the older male waiter gave me a very hard time about my request telling me that they were hot and basically yelling at me. I couldn't believe it. The other dishes were meager in the main ingredients. I fear they are going downhill and I don't think I'll be going back anytime soon.Recommended by the local firefighters, I figured this place might be great.   Started with fried dumplings.   A little to deep fried for my taste plus they give you a ginger spread instead of the normal dumping sauce.
I had the general tso shrimp.   Good but not great.  Wife had pork chow fun.   Also good but not great.  Food was loaded with MSG as my face was twice my normal size the next morning
Lots of options in Chinatown, so will try another place next time.Ok so I've eaten here a few times and the place can really test your patience. If you call for take-out sometimes the phone will ring and ring and you'll have to wait for someone to answer after awhile. If you're easily offended then this place probably isn't for you. But, if you can wait and actually order food that isn't Americanized Chinese food this place actually has some staple dishes that are downright delicious. 
My recommendations are for any of the chow funs, the salt and pepper chicken wings (these are hit or miss on the flavor for some reason), the seafood pan-fried noodles, and finally anything that you would normally get at an Americanized Chinese place but only if you're dining in so it's fresh. 
TL;DR
Workers are slow. Take-out takes a few tries calling. Good is pretty good.Make no mistake, the service here leaves much to be desired. However, the food is tasty, and they're open pretty late. 
The old Chinese waiter who served us is your typical, stereotypical, surly Chinese waiter that you'll see in Chinese restaurants across the country. However, the younger gentleman who was serving the table next to us, must have felt bad for our lack of service, and checked in on us, refilled our waters, and made sure that our order issue was resolved, after the first waiter refused to accept the fact that he forgot to put in our order of Salt and Pepper Chicken. 
Try their salt and pepper chicken, the walnut shrimp, and their duck and roast pork dish. I'll have to try their famous pork dumplings next time I visit.Some of the best tasting Chinese food in the city but it comes with some of the worst service in the city!The food at this place is really good.  The service - eh.
I've had a variety of things from here - Saewoi duck, Chinese sausage and shrimp fried rice, fried dumplings, shrimp with walnut sauce, hot and sour soup, egg drop soup, shrimp roll, beef chow fun, happy family, salt and pepper chicken wings, fried soft shell crab....the list goes on.  The only thing I didn't like was the egg drop soup because it had chicken in it.  Everything else was scrumptious, and they give generous portions. That ginger sauce with those dumplings really is the best.
Service is not so bad during the weeknights - you can get seated almost immediately, and the servers, while not friendly, are somewhat attentive.  But the weekend!  It is crowded, so be prepared to wait at least a half hour to get seated.  The last Saturday I ventured here, we waited 40 minutes. While waiting, a diner had to take her plate back to the kitchen to get them to wrap it for her.  A party of four was seated ahead of us and another party of two that was waiting.  Those big round tables in the middle were wide open at 8 pm on a Saturday.  And no other larger parties came in.  I was hungry and not pleased, so I complained a bit to our server.  Instead of even apologizing for the wait, he said to me "tell me what you want to order now."  I almost wanted to leave, but I had worked a ten hour day with very little food, and I did not want to wait at another restaurant.  They just appeared to be either understaffed and/or overwhelmed.  At least the wait service was relatively quick after we got seated.  
They are not open for lunch, which is kind of a bummer, but I guess they make up for it by having late night/early morning hours.
With better service, I could easily give five stars.  Your taste buds will be delighted.  And it is fairly inexpensive.  Weekdays are the best times to go.food is great.
service is terrible. 
but if you're hungry after midnight, this is your best spot.
and salt and pepper wings are the popular dish here.
they taste different depending on who's cooking
sometimes it's really salty, sometimes it's bland. 
but definitely try it. people travel from far places just to get wings here.
don't expect any friendly service, just be patient, they will take your order and will help you, but they'll do it in their own time. 
if you're in philly, and want some late night food that actually tastes good, this is the spot.
service is not like what you'll expect from an American 'restaurant', it's Chinatown.
you're gonna get The Chinatown service. 
they will not apologize and they will fight back if you give them attitude.
but they do their job. they are not lazy.
you don't go there for the 'experience'
you just got here to eat some good food when nothing else is open.
they don't have a sign that says BYOB, but they're pretty flexible,
i brought my own beer by accident and they were okay with it.
just because they open late, it doesn't mean guaranteed seats.
sometimes there's no empty seats around 12AM~2AM
sometimes the owner locks the door so no one else can get in because it's too crowded.
don't worry though, wait time was never longer than 10 minutesIt's a shame this has become a late-night destination because the food is good enough to go here at any hour.
I'd write a review of the individual dishes, but honestly each dining experience has been flavored by excessive alcohol flowing through my veins.
I can say the portions are huge, all appropriate to share with the table.  The tea is hot enough to burn you no matter how long you let it sit in the kettle.  Oh, and the staff will always look annoyed that the entire dining room is drunk (and they rightfully should be tired of our loud demands).
You will feel instantly comfortable, there is no specific crowd here, it's a mix of everyone and anyone.  Your food comes out fast, tastes great, and it's always a shock and how cheap it all is.  
Oh, and if you're there before "last call", there's a limited liquor selection as well!BEST Chinese food if you're in the area late at night. Service is good especially on the weekends when everyone is drunk. Definitely a safe bet to end your night at David's!It has been a while since i have had such excellent chinese take out. On visiting philly my boyfriend  and i stayed in the area and thus had to try David's mai lai wah. 
We tried the salt and pepper chicken wings as several people on yelp both mentioned and even photographed them. They were well worth the $8. Who would have guessed something as simple as just salt and pepper on some wonderfully fried wings would taste so delicious?
We also had the fried pork dumplings after an excellent review comparing it to crack, heroin, and meth combined. They were incredible! Whatever ginger sauce it came with might have changed my life. I'm  terribly upset i can't  buy a bottle of this stuff to put on all of my food when i get home. Alas, it will be just a delicious memory.
Last, we ordered the pan fried noodles with spicy beef. The crunchy pan fried noodles were a bit intimidating when we first saw them but they melted into a soft brothy delicious noodle accompanying the beef and peppers and onions.  
 While we did not call in our order before showing up, the fold only took about 15 minutes to prepare and only set us back $26. We were very happy with all of our choices and i will be back next time  i am in philadelphia.This place would get 5 stars if it wasn't for the horrendous service, probably the worst I have ever had and I've eaten at a lot of places. TRUST ME. The food was good and it care out quickly. Too quick actually.
First the appetizers came out. The salt and pepper wings, mashed chicken with corn soup and shrimp egg rolls were good. But before we even put a dent in the apps the entrees came out. The shrimp fried rice was probably some of the best I've ever had. 
For the service we got seated immediately. It took 10-15 mins to get any attention from a waiter. After we were finished eating we waited 25 mins for the bill and that's only because all four of us got up and put our jackets on pretending to leave. At least you know they are about their money. Owner David ran over with some oranges and the bill. All that food made four hungry people full and only came out to $38 including 4 cokes. 
Overall I would go back but never on a weekend because we went on a Monday night at midnight and got crappy service. 
(This message has been approved by the BuffetMaster)OFFICIALLY ADDICTED
This place is Philly's LEGIT Chinese cuisine!  Trust me, I'm from Rowland Heights (aka Chinahood in CA) and I know good Chinese when I taste it.  I'm back from my vacation and all I can think about is how damn delicious the food was here!
What we ordered:
Congee w/ pork:  rice porridge dish that is perfectly cooked with an abundant serving of slices of pork.  Add a bit of soy sauce and it's just simple food that's so satisfying.
Duck:  slicked pieces of sweet duck that has a crunchy skin and tender meat.  I think this is the best duck I've ever had!
Beef chow fun w/ soy sauce (dry):  thick pieces of chewy fat noodles, stir fried with bean sprouts and beef.  Again, they cooked it to perfection!  Just enough saltiness and delicious flavor.
Mayonaise shrimp:  sweet and creamy mayo sauce drenched in crispy shrimp.  This is good to share- too much can be too much LOL.  
Clams with black bean sauce:  clams were plentiful and the sauce was good.  I've had better in Cali.  
I ate here twice but ordered the same dishes.  I saw other tables ordering other tasty looking dishes which I wish I had tried.  I wasn't too impressed with PA but I think I might have to fly back here just to eat at David's Mai Lai Wah again!
Xie! Xie!My favorite late night eatery! My husband flew into philly at 1 am exhausted from the weekend and I had to wake up at 6am the very next morning BUT that didn't stop us from visiting mai lei wah on the way home! Trust me, no one loves sleep more than we do. So we knew, this place has a special place in our hearts. Yes. It's dirty. Yes. It feels like a rat/roach will visit you and share your plate. I'm not giving 5 stars for the place or the service. I'm giving it 5 stars for the art of perfecting the ginger sauce and the steamed dumplings! If you're not into dirty dining, then try take out :)This place ha my absolute favorite dumplings in Philadelphia. I always order it with extra crack sauce. My go to dishes are the beef fried rice and salt and pepper shrimp. Its really great greasy food. Always used to come here after all the bars and clubs closed when I was in college. Now since I can never stay up that late anymore I eat it sober and luckily its still greatWhen we asked for a recommendation for a good place to eat in Philly's Chinatown, David's was the one we were given. Our resource was a colleague of my husband's who is Chinese and who grew up in Chinatown. He said this was the place where his family liked to gather for a Sunday dinner. It wasn't hip or gourmet; it was just good Chinese home cooking. This was just the kind of endorsement we were looking for. We've now made several trips there and have never been disappointed. I've started craving their food even though we live in South Jersey where there is a Chinese restaurant on every street corner. The last time we were there a crazy lady, who obviously had similar cravings to mine, was recommending the fried dumplings with ginger sauce to anyone who would listen to her. She was right -- very delicious! Really, really good Chinese food -- love it!best salt and pepper squid in philly but one of the worst service in chinatown.  all the other dishes are so so.I usually would come here with friends after a night out in town.  If you want a table here on a late Friday or Saturday night I advise you get here by 2:30.  After that time...good luck getting a table.  The must have is the salt baked chicken wings. everything is okay.  This restuarent is small so dont be suprised if you have to keep shifting your seat while people walk by.My partner and I came here for a late-night dinner last week, and we found David's to be fairly meh across the board. Sure, the infamous salt and pepper wings are good, but the crispy noodles were bland and lukewarm.
Unfortunately between the not-quite-there service and the mediocre food, I think we'll be hunting for a better place to go to when we get those late-night hunger pangs.Damn went to David's Mai Lai Wah on 10th and Race Street after the concert. I've been going there since I was a kid. They are the best Chinese food in Philly, but tonight I found a water bug in my sweet and sour sauce and they said they'd make me another platter (which took another 15 minutes to come out). So i ended up eating by myself. Then when the bill came they still charged me full price on everything. And when I asked about the price he jokingly said " bug not included" and then thought about it and only took $6 off of a $51.00 bill. I was pissed to say the least and I didn't want to blame the server for the bug so now the bill that is now $45.00 I added the $6 back to it for the tip. After I leave in disgust I figured what the manager did was he took the included tip off the bill which was the initial $6. So basically not only did I pay full price but he tried taken the money away from his employee for a quick fix, which is unacceptable. I had a bug in my meal and I didn't want to make a huge deal about it so I pulled him to the side and the best he can do is prepare a new one, joke about the incident and only took a included tip off the bill that only hurts the server. I'm beyond done with this place and regret not acting a fool in there when I seen the bug! I should of hooted and hollered to get what i deserved but instead I tried taking the high road and got screwed over! I won't be returning to that shit hole again I assure you!After a few beers at Fergie's Pub down in Center City, I wondered over to Chinatown with my fiance and a friend looking for good old late night grub. 
David's was packed with people eating at late night Chinese. There were people like us in their mid to late 20s/30s AND there were Chinese families with their baby infants and toddlers. I couldn't believe these children were not passed out. 
Overall, the food quality did the trick and appeased our late night hunger. It wasn't the best chinese food but for the time in which it was order and the price, it was pretty good. The serving sizes are gigantic and the people working there were really nice.  Our wait for the food (take out) was long, but that's understandable because it was relatively busy. 
The beef fried rice and beef lo mein was delish!We came here last night about 2 am after drinking. this place is always jam packed but we got seating for 4 immediately. having been to most places in chinatown i cant say this is the best in chinatown but it's damn good when you've been out on the town! 
we went the fried chicken wings (highly recommend) and fried dumplings (another good choice). We ordered shrimp lo mein which was just okay nothing special and shrimp in curry sauce which was pretty good too. food comes out really quick too and it's just a good atmosphere for people watching as well! a definite to come eat late night :-)I'm so bummed to update my review to lower stars. I don't know what was going on yesterday but it was the worst experience I have had at David's.
After waiting in the doorway for about five minutes we hunted someone down in the not busy dining room to get our seats. I ordered my usual of veggie dumplings and salt and pepper squid, my boyfriend pork dumplings and Singapore Noodles. The entrees made it out before the dumplings which was kind of out of order but not a big deal. My salt and pepper squid was so overfried, super greasy and almost too tough to chew. I gave up after a few bites.
What's really odd is I started having GI issues at the restaurant that made the walk home an interesting challenge, and my boyfriend is complaining of the same symptoms after eating the leftovers today. I'm so disappointed and confused! We may have to wait for Hop Sing to open and just order the dumplings there.Salt n Pepper Chicken GG
If you're hungry after a night of clubbing and you and your friends have time to sit order and enjoy food, come here. You'll get great food that will help prevent hang over the next morning and it's just a hotspot to go to in Philly for after partying. 
Order Salt n Pepper Chicken and you'll be back here again.If you just got outta the club and your drunk and need food this is the place to go. The salt & pepper shrimp is so good. The clams and black beans sauce so good and the steam fish to die for. The service is a little rough but food is good they dnt close till 3:30am which is niceBeen going to David's  for years food is always delicious my favs salt and pepper shrimp , steam dumplings with ginger yummyI am kinda picky so I walked around China Town to find a good place to eat and came across Mai Lai Wah.  I have to say that the service was ok but the food was good.  they accomadated my daughter who only wanted lo mein noodles with nothing else on it. I had a shrimp dish that could have used a few more shrimp but as a whole this place was not bad, the prices were good.  I would go back againThe woman at the front was very nice, however, my waiter leaved something to be desired. 
Food was great, I'd recommend this as a late night (post bars) dining spot to anyone.,one  of my favorite places to eat in Chinatown salt pepper shrimp I have to have themThe fact that this place is open in the late hours of the night, ensures itself a bonus star! But, the stars I gave is for the customer service and the food; the food alone is AMAZING! David understands that a restaurant is customer-driven and no matter how popular it gets, he's is really good about making sure everyone is acknowledged and has been waited on. Every food item that we've tried before is DELICIOUS and we can't wait to go back and try something new!
So far, I'd recommend the eggplant and garlic sauce, orange chicken and the Mongolian beef. The first time I took a phone order, the customer service was sub-par, but once I went in to receive the takeout order, everyone was so friendly, and the food was so amazing, it didn't matter at all :)This is my first and possibly my last visit to this place. We didn't get seated at the counter so we seated ourselves after like 5 minutes and the place wasn't even busy. I have heard some things about this place that I wanted to see for myself. Apparently, my friends came here before and they found Master Splinter! He was running around people's legs against the wall and the rat rubbed up on my friend's leg and he thought it was a cat. That was like the only reason I wanted to come here so I can see Master Splinter. My friends have been here before so they asked the lady server if they were going to get chips this time and she gave them that look like she's saying "Are you friggin' dumb?" and they replied saying that they didn't get it last time so she just walked away after that. I thought it was quite rude of her to give such attitude to past customers. Anyways, we ordered salt and pepper chicken which was pretty great as appetizers and was really fulfilling. We kinda felt bad that we caught the server digging into her nose like she was trying to find gold and grabbed another customer's plate without wiping it off. After we finished eating, we waited for about 10-15 minutes to get the check. Overall the visit was alright, it's just that the lady was terrible. 
P.S. I didn't see Master Splinter that day.David, can you hear me? Wherever you are, look up, David. The clouds are lifting. The sun is breaking through. We are coming out of the darkness into the light. We are coming into a new world, a foodie world, where men will rise above their Michelin Stars, their greed and snobbery. Look up, David. The stomachs of man has been given filled, and at last he is eating at 3am. He is eating salt and pepper squids-- jumping in to seafood corn chowder of hope, in to a better Chinese restaurant, the glorious future that you created belongs to me and to all of us. Look up, David. Look up.Good stuff at anytime. Used to come here all the time during college. Still as good as I remember it.Had mayo shrimp + salt pepper chicken wings + beef fried rice food was just ok place price is not bad compare to other Chinese restaurant here is problems service is worth than bad , don't ask anything anything ! Foods ! Napkin!  Chopsticks! Drinks! Anything! Till we finished our meals I never seen this waiters or waitress smiling and finally smile after seeing tips on the table, sucks worth restaurant , I hope they know customer service is very important too, probably think "without you we are still buzy" mine? Yea maybe now, but in Chinatown there is so many good restaurants aroundUsed to walk here late night after drinks.
Greeeeat tripe over rice dishes.
Not sure how it is at the regular meal hours, but late night was always open, and fast food, if greasy.Their food is one of the best places in Chinatown but their service might be one of the worst. 
This is one of the few places open past midnight so it's the best place to eat at after a night of drinking. That being said the place can get very busy during dinner and late night.  
I highly recommend the salt and pepper wings, and any one of their soup dishes (I always have the duck). Hits the spot every time.
It's a shame though because 75% of the time the service is terrible. There is one waiter who is especially rude and disrespectful to customers. I haven't been there in a while so hopefully he's since been fired or quit (I highly doubt that's happened though). Service can also be very slow at times. Some waiters will chat at the back of the room and won't be as attentive to customers.
I highly recommend this place for dinner if you can tolerate the subpar service.Waiting on our food at David's and a roach was crawling on my partner. The worker just stood at the counter offering no condolescneces. Needless to say we left without our food. Worst ever. Avoid at all costs.Service was horrible. Felt like I was being stereotyped and the food was mediocre. The back of the store smelled like cat pee. If I could give zero stars I would.Ever stumble around town drunk after an awesome night of partying thinking all you need now is some food to balance all the drinks you've had tonight?  Or you've worked up an appetite from all that dancing? 
Well, Mai Lai Wah's got your back!  AND you can have another drink there to keep the buzz going.
I arrived there the other night around 2am, and the place was packed with party-goers.  It was cramped...they're not trying to score any points for ambiance...just GOOD and cheap food!  The 4 stars are based on a late-night appetite after a few drinks with friends.On my voyage home from DC to NY, my compadres and I happened to stop in Philly to grab some grub. We had heard good news about this spot and how they're known for their infamous salt and peppa chicken wings.
I had them. They're infamous alright. 
Each order comes with about 10 wings I believe and with every bite, makes me want to take another one. So damn addicting. Such a simple recipe yet a delicate & calming explosion in your mouth. 
I had gone to the bathroom before our food came and came back to find out that the waiter had accidentally spilled my water. He cleaned it up and said sorry. No biggie. But then when we ordered rice, he gave us extra extra rice for the mishap. What a nice guy.Came by recommendation.  Heard the food was awesome and the prices were great.  These things are true which is why it got a 3 star.     Didn't read the reviews till after the fact.   I can definitely see going to a place like this after clubbing but not for a nice Saturday night date away from kids.   The old and worn out décor and the filth of the place was a complete turnoff.   When I went to visit the ladies room after eating I thought I would lose dinner.    Won't be back again.Not gonna lie. This place is great for drunk eats and the food definitely hits the spot when it's 2am and you're hungry for some Chinese food. However, the service here is shoddy at best. I suppose the staff is used to dealing with the drunk crowds but they sure don't try very hard and are super slow in seating you and with any requests. Try flagging a waiter down and they just shrug you off and ignore you. Not to mention, prices are a way high for the type of food you get. They truly capitalize on the drunk crowd and don't try very hard for your business.Zareen, Zareen, Zareen.... Everyone should have a friend like her who has great taste and great tips on where to go. Since my friend swears by David's meals, its always in my mind when I'm in Chinatown late. It's usually a little bit of a wait for a seat. My usual here are the salt & pepper wings or shrimp, the house mei fun, beef lo mein, and shrimp rolls. There are plenty of other good meals here, but these are my favorites. Up late on the weekends, David's is open til 4am... 3am during the week. Beer and cocktails served here also. In a rush, call ahead and its always hot and waiting for you when you arrive."Best food in town" claims the window.
If it's 2:25AM, and you're drunk from Hop Sing Laundromat, this slogan is 100% true advertising.Late night dining. The salt and pepper wings were good but the chicken bones broke quite easily so the quality is low. Beef chow fun was alright with good amount of beef but salty. The peking duck is okay. Cpuld use more bao.Food is excellent the Salt and Pepper Wings Are So Good. Shrimp fried rice is great as well. YUMMY .......I think this place is still a pretty fairly decent restaurant for when you want season chicken wings that aren't overly crunchy and fried, especially when it's sort of late. I still see a lot of people (who are possibly more into American food) come here more than the other restaurants probably because they offer very American and familiar dishes. But their wings and their dumplings are simply flavorful and very deliciously made.It's a shame.  The food is so good.  I've been a fan of their sea bass for years.  The chow fun is well prepared.  Not too greasy, not too salty -- vegetables perfectly sautéed.  I also remember them having killer steamed dumplings; however, the service is OBNOXIOUS. I'm serious... they are so rude, it is unbelievable.  The waiters will actually leer at you!!! Sadly, the rudeness detracts from the dining experience.  A real pity since they have such great food.I don't expect stellar service coming from a restaurant in Chinatown, but David's Mai Lai Wah is far beyond unacceptable.
I gave this place TWO CHANCES. 
First encounter: My boyfriend and I came here because this was probably the only restaurant that was still open after midnight. I've never even tried this place because it looks so shady from the outside, and even worse on the inside. If it wasn't for my parent's hungry tummies, I would've never stepped foot in this place. Anyways, it was sort of packed and it appears that they were short on staff. We were waiting patiently at the counter, ready to place an order. After ten minutes, one of the servers finally acknowledges our existence, but then IGNORE US and continues to wait on other tables, answer phone calls, and pack take-outs. We finally decided to leave because we didn't want to wait any longer.
Last encounter: My boyfriend and I came here again for the same reason. Late night. Parent's hungry tummies equals crankiness. This time, it was a slow night and the server was at the counter when we arrived. However, that S.O.B just completely ignored us. He walked to the back to pack some take-outs, AND when the phone rang, he walked back to the counter and answered the phone, took the order, and proceeded to walk back to the kitchen without even taking mine when I'm RIGHT THERE. I gave my boyfriend that "EFF THIS POOPIE" look and walked out.
This place is a disgrace. Obviously, the servers are not "people persons" and if the service is that atrocious, I could imagine how they handle the food. 
AVOID!it's 2:30am and you just left the bar? best place to sober up. salt pepper wings and egg drop soup is a must to absorb all the alcohol. always a crowded place and somewhat friendly service. only thing that's stopping me from giving it a 5 stars is the people that be in there. can't blame them lolIve got couple of my friends hooked on to this place. I could write a million reviews but to start with I'd say the salt n pepper wings is what gets you hooked on! I infact judge a Chinese restaurant by the way they make the fried rice and I should say they make by far the best shrimp/chicken fried rice in the world, with the exception of me not having visited China yet. A very laid back decor with some interesting waiters..one time our friend said she was ready to order n the waiter goes "but I'm not ready!"Came in around 12:30am on a Saturday.  This place takes full advantage of every square inch. The tables are so close together people were knocking into mine as they walked past. 
The decor is outdated, I hate the back lit panoramic pictures. Super tacky, plus all the mirrors on the wall are straight filthy.  
I had an egg drop soup and it was gross. Tasted like straight boiled chicken. 
Followed by Walnut Shrimp as an entree, which was actually pretty good. Or good enough to doggy bag. 
If I am ever in the area again I will be trying somewhere else for my dining needs. 
Oh and their tea was brewed for way too long, to the point of being bitter.The chicken wings are perhaps the best I have tasted in the city- salt and pepper wings!!General tso's chicken have excellent portion size not overly breaded with excellent sauce. The service is not great/ very rude.  They don't pick up their phone when ordering.AWESOME
1. Late night - until 4AM
2. TASTY - typical american-chinese but better and you can go more adventurous if you want
Crowed as sh*t when you go late night during weekend bc all the drunk idiots - myself being one of them - rush the place...Sad to say this is the worst place I have ever eaten at. The food was good but the service sucks with a negative 0 I mean I have never been in an atmosphere where the people are so rude, me rating it at a 1 is me being nice I wish I could rate it at a 0 , the service sucks I mean this literally and figuratively. It's like how can one treat a customer so poorly and rudely when in all actuality that same customer is helping you provide a living and assisting in your restaurant to strive.Years ago I use to love David's, but I'm not sure if they switched up the chef. Food there is not the same, the shrimp w mayo is now watery and yuck, the sweet and sour pork is no way near sweet or sour, the only thing I find edible is the fried chicken wings, different ppl different preferences in taste but I refuse to go anywhere and waste my money on food that seriously needs a real chef to cookI went there for old time sake with my family and we walked right out.  Food might be good but the service is horrible. Waitress had audacity to tell customers to move out of the way.  When did this kind of behavior became acceptable?  Go back to the basics!!  Be kind and have some respect don't patronize your diners!For one I was told that me ordering drinks was a problem for 2 5 tables got sat after me and half received their food before I did . Then I said something and the lady kept saying excuse me like no . I work in the service industry and this is not acceptable . Best thing to do is not eat here and good luck if you do !!! Ba~byeAnother place that feels like Asian fast food. They are pretty quick with putting out the food and it's alright. Nothing that blew my mind. Beef chow fun is tasty but nothing else seems to stick out in my mind. The best part about this place is that they are opened soooo late.....so it really works out for college kids and young working professionals especially. I even have seen a pic of Will Smith stopping by here for some food too! Also their congee is pretty tasty here too! 
Pros:
- Quick food that comes whisking out of the kitchens! 
- Pretty inexpensive prices
Cons:
- Nothing that blows my mind so take that for what it is
Why I gave it a 3.....
It's a great place to get food real quick, but it's not the best place to eat in Chinatown. There are better places to eat at, but if it's real late at night, this is probably your best option for finding some decent food.The worst service I've ever had in my entire life. The food is mediocre and absolutely NOT worth of waiting.I'd like to give David's 2 1/2 stars since 3 is too generous for them these days.  It pains me to write that, but I've noticed the quality of the service has gone *really* downhill in my last few visits there.  The last time I went, which was about 3 months ago, was the last straw for me.
It took ages for someone to even see that people (my friend and I) were waiting to be seated.  Once we were, it took a while for the waiter to come back and take our orders, and it was not super busy the last few times we went.  From that point until the food came, the service was great.  But, as has become custom with David's anymore, after we got our platter it seemed as though the waiter vanished.  To try to get extra napkins and a refill of water was a mission!
Another thing that has become super annoying about David's is that apparently it's a tourist trap anymore.  I think my friend and I were the only locals in the place the last few times we went (especially that last time).  I wouldn't normally mind that, but these people have a tendency to ask a truckload of dumb questions (you wonder if it's the first time they've ever had Chinese food in their lives) and it does nothing but hold up already super-slow service.
And those folks also like to talk really loud about nothing at all.  You wonder if it's possible to go into David's ever again and just enjoy your meal.
Food-wise, David's has not suffered.  The food is as good as ever.  Outside of the shoddy service, it's one of my favorite Chinese restaurants in the city.    I love the Hong Kong wanton soup that is simply to die for.  Their General Tso's Chicken is mouth-watering and their fried rices are cooked perfectly.
If they can clear up the service issue, I'd go back in a second.The good- I order from here a lot! I love salt and pepper wings & shrimp. I like that it open late. 
The bad- It can get very crowded, so service can be slow when this happens.Decor is ho hum Chinese decorating, but I don't care about looks, I care about deliciousness, and this place delivers in spades! Wonton soup is a incredible, like consommé. Peking duck is crispy and served with steamed flat breads. A friend turned me on to needle noodles, which are sauteed. Calamari in black bean sauce is incredible. They also offer live seafood, which they keep in water tanks in the back. Looking forward to going back. I've worked in Asian restaurants over the past four years, and this is hands down the best Chinese I've ever had. Open really late too, which is convenient.3 AM. Need some greasy salty goodness to soak up the alcohol. Come here.
They offer authentic chinese food (none of that stupid beef broccoli shit) and I actually enjoyed it a lot. Salted fish fried rice? Yum.  Beef noodles? Yum. Soup? Yum. Chicken wings? Yum. Yum Yum Yum. 
It's crowded, it's loud and there's sometimes annoying drunk folk here, but who cares, you're probably loud, annoying and drunk too. Do NOT come here when you have a HUGE group. It's going to be annoying as hell to get seated and get food.Old late-night standby...we meet again. There may be one daytime hours visit here, maaaybe one...but usually we come a-calling after last call hours, or when we're coming home, returning to the city late after being out of town, or something like that. David's Mai Lai Wah hits that kind of spot; the hankering for crispy, juicy wings and tasty noodles spot. That David's is open deep in the night with these dishes, we became acquainted. That I'm keen on that sort of thing keeps me coming back. 
Open until 3 AM, 4 AM weeknights, I like knowing that this diner-feeling Chinese joint is there with Tsingtaos, salt & pepper chicken wings, and Singapore noodles ordered extra extra extra spicy. I appreciate you, David's, I do.David's has great food. Fresh and delicious. The services is lack luster but eh. 
I love the fries rice and the Walnut Shrimp! Omg the Walnut shrimp is amazing. 
The duck is really good too. Best of all David's is open till 3am do it is great after a night of partying. But I'm older now so the late night crowd can be a little annoying. But it's still one of my favorites.My Chinese roommate led us into Chinatown for some "authentic Chinese food" and this is where she took us. She said "service is awful, food is good" which just about hits the nail on the head. I would recommend this place for take-out, definitely not for eating in. 
When I sat down, I felt like I was sharing a meal with the two people at the table next to me because we were basically touching elbows. The dining room has probably about 20 tables in it, and I'm pretty sure one guy serves all the tables. I mean if you're going to have one server you better make sure he can understand Chinese as well as English pretty well and move quickly but that was not the case. We waited around for about 20 minutes before we eventually got frustrated with waiting for him to come take out order that we actually got up and said "Can you please take our order now?" Then, the appetizer plate i was given was fithy, but I couldn't get him over to our side of the dining room to ask for a new one because he was busy tending to like 15 other tables. When the food finally came out, it looked great, but we needed knives and they only set the table with forks and spoons. My party asked on 3 separate occasions for knives and kept getting an annoyed "OK" response but low and behold we never got any knives. Cutting beef with a spoon isn't fun, people. 
Once again... Takeout would be ideal for this place. If you're looking for something different or beyond the normal Chinese take out though, then this place isn't anything special.Service:  AWFUL! Very disappointing and non existent for the first 15 minutes. . And it wasn't even busy. . Came in on Labor Day around 8:45 PM.. manager was busy trying to handle the tiny bar/take out orders and then yelled at two waiters to take our order... It was so frustrating to see everyone get their food either before us or faster than we did. 
Shrimp eggroll:  DISAPPOINTING.. tiny shrimp were hard to find among all the cabbage... oh. . Forgot to add that the waiter came out with a plate of three shrimp eggrolls... Came to our table and asked us how many we ordered (1),  then proceeded to roll one off the serving plate onto mine! 
Hong Kong Wonton Soup:  DELICIOUS.. This waitress was nice and kindly dished our soup individually to each of us. 
Mongolian Beef:  DELICIOUS. .beware... Lots of garlic and onions. .. Waiter brought this dish out by itself. . Seriously, by itself. .no other dish. . No rice. . Not our other order...Then when we finally asked for rice,  the waiter was annoyed!??
Seafood Chow Fun:  This came out 15 minutes AFTER the Mongolian Beef!!.. The seafood was pretty scarce and the flavor wasn't anything memorable. 
We won't be back. . Pretty disappointing. ..2 Stars for two great dishes, but won't ever go back because of the service.Service was extremely slow. I was contemplating if I should volunteer my services in the kitchen. Cmon it isn't that hard to heat up a wok and fry up some food. 
The food is decent but the service isn't worth coming here.
I tried the beef chow fun, lobster fried rice, pea shoots in garlic and peking pork chops. Everything was average and nothing stood out.THEY DID NOT SERVE US AND WE WWRE HERE AT 330 and they closes at 4am they denied us service and because we were black we couldn't get chickenThe place was cool. I was told to get the salt and pepper wings, but being from the south, they tasted like regular fried chicken wings. The vegetable fried rice was super delish!Been wanting to try this place for years now, and I finally went tonight! Place is SO cramped and tight people kept bumping into me and knocking me over. Totally not worth the 45 minute wait for take out! Got the soup which was the best part of the order, pan fried dumplings, which were OK sauce was too greasy and had too much ginger, the mei fun was VERY bland and tasteless, and the wings were SUPER spicy and have not a trace of salt or pepper but a whole hell of a lot of jalapeno! I would not come here again for anything else except maybe the soup and that is pushing it! David, you didn't impress me!This place is really good.  I mean awesome.  They're open all night, and serve that great late night food that one craves after a night of partying.  The issue is that the place is really crowded late night, and the people aren't all that attentive.  But it is worth it, because it is just so good.  I'm more of a NYC person, and this place reminds me of my fav late night Chinese spot in NY CT, NY Noodle Town.
I recommend the roast duck with wonton noodles.  So good.  Make sure you get the roast duck because the flavor of that seeps into the soup, which makes the soup amazing.  If you want more of a dry dish, get the beef chow fun with American broccoli,.  It sort of has to be beef because the beef flavor seeps into the noodles which makes it all the much better.  For an appetizer, the regular fried chicken wings are really really good.  They are just plain, but they are nice and crunchy on the outside, and so juicy on the inside.  Watch out!  They always come out piping hot.  
My favorite Chinese dish is the sizzling beef short ribs with peppers and onions.  But David's did not make it so well (at least not to what I like).  So I do not recommend that here.
Overall this place is wonderful.  I turned all of my friends onto this place.This is the best Chinese restaurant in the Tri-state (DE, PA, NJ) area period.
Their food is amazing (I recommend general tso's chicken, fried rice, wonton soup, and dumplings), it's very affordable, your food comes out fairly quickly, and they are open pretty late.
The only down-side of this place is that since it is in Philly's Chinatown, there are very few places to park your car (you may have to pay $10 to park in a parking lot, but it's worth it).This is what you call a late night delight. You must order the Hong Kong wonton soup, pan fried dumplings, salt and peppered squid, and the beef chow fun. Trust me order these four delicious dish and you will go home happy.Me and my friends have been coming here for years, whether it's after the bars or a dinner time mission, we're always satisfied after eating here.
They make their dumplings on premise and they are so good that I get hate text for not inviting my friends when I go solo. The ginger sauce they use for dipping is so much better than the typical soy/sesame oil mix that most are accustom to.
The egg drop soup has bits of chicken in it, making this combination extremely enjoyable. 
The panfried noodle dishes are another favorite of my friends. They do tend to put a little too much cornstarch in their dishes to thicken up their sauces, which really isn't necessary. Overall though, they're dishes are very tasty and filling.
The wait staff are ok, there is one older gentleman that dislikes me for breaking multiple chopsticks in one night, but everyone else is great. I'm always greeted with a smile and nihao.Went here last night.  The service was a little slow and they were definitely understaffed, but that's ok I don't go out to a sit down restaurant when I'm in a rush.  I got the roast pork noodle bowl. For 6.50, this was huge and delicious. It came with big sweet chunks of roast pork. Not thin slices, but chucks that were about as thick and as long as a small child's hand. It was very delicious.  You have the option of egg noodles or rice noodles. I went with the egg noodles and they were definitely the downfall of the dish. Excluding the noodles this is easily a 5 start noodle bowl, but the noodles are just like angel hair spaghetti..... (egg noodles of course). I wished that the noodles were broad and flat.....or if they had the option of shaved noodles that would be excellent. 
I'd like to come back and try their other dishes.One of those ridiculous places which serves food at 3am. Their food quality is just ok, but you keep coming back because nothing else better is open. 
I usually get that fried dumplings with the ginger sauce. And perhaps the majority of ppl who come here order that, too. Grated ginger soaked in oil. For some reason I don't see these sauce elsewhere. But it's the reason why I come back perhaps.
They are disgustingly good.This is one of my go to places in China town for good chinese food. Food is really good!! My normal items are:
Beef chow fun with gravy - YUM!!! Love it here!! They give such a large portion for an amazing price. And it's always very flavorful. I eat it with chili oil.
Shrimp & Walnuts - Sooo good! I love the mayo sauce. Nice and sweet and creamy
Salt & pepper wings - Crispy with just the right amount of salt and pepper
Salt & pepper pork chops - GET THIS!!!!!
Pepper steak - comes out sizzling hot. I love it bc you know it's soo fresh bc it comes out on what it's cooked on.
Service here isn't great, but most asian places are horrid with service. I like it here bc they are open late, their prices are very reasonable, and most importantly the food is greatA typical American-Chinese joint.  That being said, the choices are extensive and the food is pretty good when you're looking for something late at night.  I think they are open till 2am or so.
They also have a limited bar with pretty cheap drinks.  I've been here more than a few times because it was the only place open after my boyfriend came home from work (at 11pm).  It's a guilty pleasure but i really like the salt and pepper squid. I also very much enjoyed the steamed whole stripped sea bass with ginger and scallion (market price: usually around $24 - the price is unlisted on the menu).
The servers know us and generally are very efficient.  The only problem I would have is the level of grease or oil in some of the food.  One time I ordered the buddha's delight (I make the traditional one for new year's) and it contained barely any of the signature ingredients of the dish (like gingko nuts, wood ear fungus, tofu, tofu skin, bamboo shoots, shiitake mushrooms, rice noodle, etc).  I think the one I got had maybe tofu and mushroom in it.  And it was loaded with grease - which it's not supposed to be!  
Still, it's a good late night place to grab a bite to eat, and from what I gather, the lunch menu is also very reasonable (I think less than $7)I've only been here once, but don't plan on returning. The dinner specials felt a bit overpriced, and 3 of the 4 of us were disappointed in our meals. The worst part, by far, was that before our food came we found 3-4 baby cockroaches on or near our table. When we asked to move tables because there were bugs, they were accommodating, but also seemed completely unphased, as if that's a normal occurrence.I've been coming to David's my whole life, and its a solid chinatown option....and one of the only chinese places that isn't BYO, if you happen to find yourself without a 6 pack/bottle of wine. 
Word for the wise: don't order   "_______ with broccoli".....it will taste like nothing. if one is even the littlest bit more adventurous, it will pay off big time. And, one can be as adventurous as they want....I've seen plates of unidentifiable authentic asian food go past me each time i've visited. 
plus the portions are huge, so show up hungry.Yo the service sucks in this place ......the older lady with the glasses was sooo rude maybe she was on her monthly! For this to be my first time here it gets 2 thumbs down on customer service and hospitality! BOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!The biggest thing to note here is the customer service. The waiters don't speak (English OR Chinese, they're just very quiet) and when they do, it's at a bare minimum. 
I came here with my mom and grandmother in hopes of getting a nice bowl of warm noodle soup to recover from my cold. I saw the "noodle house" label on the banner outside so I figured, "worth a try!" First off, the menu doesn't even have any noodle soups! When I asked the waiter if they had any, he simply nodded and walked away. ... Okay?? He came back with a menu with their "famous noodles". Which turned out to be actually pretty horrible. Bland soup, flavorless chicken, and hard noodles that were clearly not fresh. Super disappointed :(
My grandmother ordered this vegetarian dish- that seemed like vegetables that were sitting out and then tossed last minute in a sauce. 
Food: meh
Service: really meh
Would I come back? Meh. (Definitely not)The food is good. The service is alright. Coming in before the drunks are done clubbing would behoove ya.Let's be very honest, David's is a place where people go after bar close, or a little bit before bar close so you can beat the crowd and get a table. You sit and immediately place an order of salt & pepper chicken wings. Then you sit and look around at the diverse crowd at the place and immediately place an order of fried dumplings with the ginger/scallion dipping sauce. 
If you're Asian, you typically do not get the fried dough chips when you first sit down at a table. However, I've been there enough that the waiters know to bring that to me without giving me weird looks. You then mix the duck sauce with the hot mustard sauce to get the best dipping sauce for these fried dough chips. 
There are other items on the menu that are really good, but really not worth mentioning because you can get those dishes at other Chinese restaurants in Chinatown.I have been in Philly for 29 years, first time in this place and would be the 
last time. Food is bad, and services are not good either.
My daughter told me she used to go while she was in college because 
it has a late hours.  I tried six different dishes people told me I must
have. Sorry, they are not even close to the minimum standard.Best place when after a night of drinking downtonwn. They are open late (maybe 4am or so).
Salt and pepper squid is a must. Beef chow fun is delicious too.A stupid ex-bf introduced me to David's many moons ago, and even though I have many horrible memories of going there with his Chinese family, I somehow manage to stow away those memories deep into the depths of my brain, and head to David's for my usual dishes of salt & pepper squid, beef chow fun, and dumplings with the ridiculous ginger scallion sauce.
That ginger scallion sauce is magic: it heals all wounds AND makes the stomach very, very happy.Had dinner here.  The food was good but average for Americanized Chinese in this neighborhood.  Service was acceptable. Prices were very reasonable. I would not avoid this place, but I wouldn't rush back, either. I think I prefer Ho Sai Gai across the street.I'm sorry but I don't want to be a food Nazi, that's not my business. I don't want to state the flaws of anyone. I should like to help everyone if possible, yelpers, foodies, cooks, newbs. We all want to help one another, foodies are like that. We all want to live by each other's happy stomachs, not by each other's trips to the toilet. We don't want to hate and despise one another. In this world there is room for everyone and Davids Mai Lai Wah is rich and can provide for everyone.
The way of eating can be free and beautiful. But we have lost the way.
Fake Chinese has poisoned men's souls, has barricaded the world with hunger;
has goose-stepped us into gastronomical misery and destitute.
We have developed pricey Chinese fusion but we have lost Chinese culture.
Massive shrimp fried rice that gives abundance has left us in want.
Our knowledge has made us cynical,
our stomach hard and unkind.
We eat too much fried rice and too little Fish Maw Soup.
More than Cuba inspired General Tso Chicken we need Soy Sauce Chicken
More than 5 star chefs we need Chin the illegal immigrant cook from China.
Without these qualities, restaurants will be destroyed and all will be lost.
The food sites and shows have brought us closer together. The very nature of these inventions cries out for the goodness in men, cries out for universal brotherhood for the unity of us all with good Salt and Pepper Squid. Even now my review is reaching millions throughout the world, millions of hungry men, women and little children, victims of a system that makes men think fake chinese or expensive restaurants are awesome-o. To those who can hear me I say "Do not despair".
The misery that is now upon us is but the passing of greed, the bitterness of men who fear the way of gastronomy progress: the hate of men will pass and fake Chinese restaurants will die and the power they took from the people, will return to the people and so long as fake Chinese restaurants die happy stomachs will never perish. . .
Foodies! Don't give yourselves to brutes, men who despise you and enslave you, who regiment your lives, tell you what to do, what to think and what to feel, who drill you, diet you, treat you as cattle, as cannon fodder.
Don't give yourselves to these unnatural men, machine men, with machine minds and machine hearts. You are not machines. You are not cattle. You are men. You have the love of food in your hearts. You don't hate, only the unloved hate. Only the unloved and the unnatural. Foodies: don't fight for good service and fake atmosphere, fight for good food and low prices!
In the seventeenth chapter of Saint Liu Kang it is written:
- "The kingdom of Canton Cuisine is within man"
Not one man, nor a group of men, but in all men; in you, the people.
You the people have the power, the power to write good reviews, the power to create happiness. You the people have the power to make eating free and beautiful, to make this eating experience a wonderful adventure. Then in the name of Yelp let's use that power, let us all unite. Let us fight for a new world, a decent world that will give men a chance to eat Duck Wonton Noodles, that will give you the ability to eat at 4 am in the morning when you're drunk and barely comprehensible enough to order. By the promise of these things, brutes have risen to power, but they lie about the happiness their food can give you. They do not fulfil their promise, they never will. chefs and corner store Chinese restaurants free themselves but they enslave the people. Now let us fight to fulfil that promise. Let us fight to free the world, to do away with overpriced fusion, do away with bad Sweet and Sour chicken, a with fake happy service. Let us fight for a world of reason, a world where eating cheap Chinese food and drinking to lethargy will lead to all men's happiness.
Foodies! In the name of Yelp: let us all unite!Bad attitude!! Called in for 2 order of wings. Waited over 30 mins and still not ready. Asked 1 of there staff, he sound very impatient and mean. Shake my headThis is my go-to-spot after a long night of drinking in the city. It's quite cramped, so there isn't much freedom of moving around if it is a full house, which it often is during spring/summer. 
Their "over the rice" dishes are quite reasonably priced ($5 - $7), which can easily feed one individual. Whenever I stumbled upon in here around 1AM. My group ordered our timeless favorites: Salt & Pepper Wings and XO Clams. 
The restaurant is a viable option if you have a sudden craving for Chinese food in the smack middle of the night.late night drunken people food. oh and it actually tastes good too. lolincredibly rude service. rush you to get out and take your money.the food is adequate at best. butthey dont appreciate customers. they should be shut downI was excited to try this place since everyone I know swears by it...I ordered the salt & pepper shrimp and Hunan chicken...the wait wasn't long at all even though the place was packed 2am on a Thursday...I thoroughly enjoyed the shrimp! It was excellent...I unpack my Hunan chicken and white rice and as I was putting my rice inter plate I noticed an ANT was in the container of rice...I was beyond grossed out and it totally ruined my appetite along with experience...I will never eat from this place again.Come here for 3 reasons, and 3 reasons only:
1) They are open when you should really be asleep, to 3 or 4 AM
2) They make kickass Salt & Pepper Chicken wings (see photo)--think the Chinese version of Korean Fried Chicken
3) They are half a block from Hop Sing Laundromat (http://tinyurl.com/6qsfql7), so get some giant fried dumplings (see photo) before worshiping at the feet of the inscrutable Lee
Eater Philly's "Hot 38":
"David's is the late-night spot for industry folk, and offer some of Chinatown's best eats. Don't sleep on the house noodle soup or the salt and pepper chicken wings. If  you end up within a half-mile of the place around 2:30 AM, make a bee line for David's. You won't be sorry."
http://philly.eater.com/archives/2012/04/02/the-38-essential-restaurants-in-philly.php
Oh, and don't you just love places where the service sucks?  I'd pay extra just for that!
[5PM Saturday, before hitting up Hop Sing, we came in during their staff meal.  8 or so employees chowing down in the back, but no other customers, and the best effort they could muster was just to wave us to a seat between bites.  LOL, fortunately you don't actually need menus in a dive like this, just get the wings and dumplings.]
Don't forget the part about being half a block from Hop Sing...
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kJaf1k_EdNg
Sláinte!AWESOMEST DUCK EVER in chinatown!!!!!! Their duck has the crispiest skin of all the chinese deli places in Chinatown. Also it comes with the marinating sauce, unlike the soy sauce other places give you.
As for the restaurant food, it's SOOOO greasy. It's great for late night dinner. It's always packed after everyone gets the munchie from partying.Whenever I go to China Town, I'm determined to "try something different". There are a MILLION restaurants there, and I tell myself I'm just going to walk into a random one and try it out.  But somehow, after walking around aimlessly for a while, my feet always lead me to David's.
The quality of service and food here has been consistently good. Their menu is quite large, so I can try different cuisine each time I eat here.  I've tried many of the vegetarian dishes and they have all been very tasty.
Also, this place is like, ALWAYS open! At surprising hours, like 1 a.m. after seeing a movie. They also have a pretty good lunch special, which comes with super spicy vegan hot and sour soup and those awesome crunchy noodle things.  I'm hungry now.
One day, I will try a random restaurant in China Town that will not be David's.  David isn't even a Chinese-sounding name.Cozy little traditional Chinese place.  Delicious Mar po tofu, also tried the pepper steak with broccoli, and the chicken lo mein.  Delicious!  Really good portions, family style.  We had leftovers for the next day!The food is always great. The dumplings are perfect and they have an assortment of other foods that always seemed to be cooked perfectly. The staff sometimes takes forever but that's what happens when you go there after 2 am . I'm sure they hate dealing with the drunken leftovers.I have been to David's about 7 times in the last 2 years or so. It is by far the best Chinese food I have ever had!! The only negative things are 1 can soda so no refills 2. Crowded and loud 3. Lots of loud drunk kids late at night 4. It's in the city so parking sucks 5. Waiters are kind of grumpy. But the food is awesome so give it a tryI sat down and was not attended to for nearly 15 minutes.  I got up and left.  Used to come in to eat in and take out.  Used to love the pork dumplings and salt and pepper chicken.  After being disrespected like that, I won't be back ever again.First off., prices went up from what the menu on Yelp has... 
 I didn't have the menu in front of me, cuz I only Yelp'd and ordered take out. So shame on me. But  who would've guess they'd have different versions of wontons & wings!! 
Clearly, i ordered all the wrong items not knowing. Disappointed because what I SHOULD'VE asked for was:
- SALT N PEPPER chicken wings and NOT just WINGS... 
- HONG KONG WONTON SOUP NOT just WONTON SOUP..
Ugh... maybe i'll give them a try again... but wish they would've asked me which option i wanted...I have been a long time supporter of David's thanks to good food despite the always terrible service. In recent months, the food has also gone down hill. The food is lukewarm and flavorless, and every service seems annoyed to have customers. On our last visit, we received one dish, then had to wait nearly 20 minutes for the second entree - definitely not standard. We couldn't get our servers attention, so we tried to ask another server to grab her, when we were brusquely told to "go in there [the kitchen] and get her yourself!" Save your stomach and mood and go elsewhere in Chinatown.Good bc they stay open late but horrible service any time of day! Very racist & don't think ur getting a seat after 11 on a weekend.Never eat to this place anymore , they gave us bad service (special for asian people) they only nice to white people / american . I dont like the old guy & skinny guy who served me like no attitude & very slow ( we paid ) our order with good tips but every time i came he act like lazy guy not need customer come in ...