The staff's customer service was amazing. I don't don't think my water glass ever made it below half way filled. They were always right there and very attentive. My food was great, but my boyfriend said his side dish seemed to have been sitting under the hot lamp for awhile. They also wrote my name on my dessert for my birthday which was nice. I'd go back!Had a great dining experience at Davio's. The service was unbelievable and the staff had went above and beyond to serve us. Not to mention our food was excellent!Went there on a Friday night for our daughters 21st Birthday.  Well this is certainly a special occasion place but really could go there for a happy hour as well.  Wine and beer under 5 dollars to start at the bar which has nice seating area where you can relax.  The restaurant is beautiful classic downtown Philadelphia, high ceilings and columns bring out the old American charm.  Service was impeccable, when a plate was finished it wasn't more than a minute before it was whisked away by the staff.  Waitor was extremely friendly.  Menu is extensive.  Everything from homemade pasta to prime steaks.  The popovers that made up the bread basket were a delicious touch.  The crispy chicken livers were delicious, there was enough for a meal or two people.  This is a place I would strongly recommend and not just for a special occasion, but also when you just need to be served well in old Philadelphia style.Davios is the place I come to when I need to have the a true solid meal. Period. This is a place to feel at home and become relaxed after a long day.
When I come to the bar for a glass of wine I am greeted by IMO the best bartender in Philadelphia.
He greets me with a smile that makes me wake up from the coma of life on a dreary winter day.
His hello can make a monk come alive.
Chuck will make you feel like this bar is yours . 
I'm not getting into this appetizer or that entree because Davios is just a really nice place to take your date, friend, mom or dad for a meal that isn't going to dissapoint. They have terrific steaks and their pastas are very good, especially the angel hair, nice sauce slightly spicy and not too sweet like so many others.
They have a happy hour as so many do now with terrific pizza and eggrolls filled with steak and cheese .
And as far as service, well I've read the reviews and as far as I'm concerned the service has always been very good. If I need something I simply ask for it. It's not that big a deal to ask once.
Twice is another story. This place has been on spot with service. 
Never had to ask twice.
Food- 4stars- very good food-solid
Ambiance-4.5stars- high ceilings, soft lights, golden walls-very lovely
Service-4 stars-they're warm and friendly and not too stuffyBeautiful, elegant room with high ceilings and large windows. Good special occasion place.
Extensive menu with something for everyone. You can have a small meal or a long, multiple course meal. 
The bread popovers were addictive.
We had the fresh burrata salad and wished we'd ordered two! 
All pastas are fresh and taste it. We had the 1/2 order of Truffle Mushroom Gnocchi and Three meat Carbonara. Both were outstanding. Incredible favor and light, fresh pasta.
Great wine list and knowledge servers but seemed understaffed or too many tables.
But don't get in a hurry. Plan on about 2 1/2 hours. We had a movie and didn't allow enough time.
Would recommend and return.
A man named AJ, was a real treat! He was so helpful and joyous. We enjoyed him very much.Ambiance is amazing, service impecable, kitchen sloppy.  Found an avocado stem in my tuna tartar and my creme brûlée was watery, bucatini amatriciana is average, lobster a tad over cooked.  Not going back. There's better food in Philadelphia.HORRIBLE. Where do I begin? We sat down and it took at least 5 minutes for someone to greet us. The staff was inattentive, rude and had no knowledge of the menu. The cocktail that I received was sugary that I might as well have ordered a soda because there was no taste of liquor whatsoever. The bread was not hot and the dips were watery. I ordered the filet mignon, thinking it would make up for the beginning of the dinner experience. It was overcooked, so the kitchen made me a new one. The manager who came over to our table with my new filet was plain rude. He had a British accent with no sincerity towards my guest and I. For dessert, I got the creme burlee, it was the only decent part of my experience at Davio's. If you want to go to a REAL Italian restaurant with a respectable staff and management, DON'T go there.Weather outside was extremely cold (no surprise this time of year) and was told the food in Davio's was good. It's located inside the Club Quarters hotel. I ordered the Fusilli w/ shrimp, pesto and pine nuts from room service.
It came quickly and was delivered by this delightfully quirky young man. He was in the hallway waiting while I was signing the check. While waiting he asked questions about my length of stay, where I was from, etc however when I answered he paced the hallway and would disappear when I was answering. Then he'd reappear in the doorway again. This happened a couple times. I think he was so full of energy he couldn't stay still. Funny thing is my co-worker got room service also and asked if it was delivered by the same man.
My pasta dish was just what I needed for the day! The pesto was more of a pesto cream sauce, fusilli done al dente (perfect). What can I say, can't go wrong with succulent shrimp...I was in comfort food heaven!!!The food and service was incredible! Never been to a restaurant with such high standards to their service. Definitely will be going back in the future.This either is or isn't your kinda of place. Mostly I would say that depends on who is picking up the check,  Service is impeccable, must have had 9 different people doing something at our table.  If you found it too troubling to scratch you own nose, I suspect they would have staff to do this for you.  The AMBIENCE is OPULENT.....that could be my whole review.  But on to the food.  (Spoiler alert: it's in you mouth for about 30 seconds and you're shitting it out about 24 hours later) It's very good...but worth this price??? Not to me.  The assorted spring roll app tasted like most other places. The fried calamari was again deep fried like every other place.  I had the veal( $38) it was good not memorable. The WINE list is EXTENSIVE and EXPENSIVE....that could be the rest of my review.  If ya wanna impress someone with a really swanky place and expensive food, yes this place is good. If ya got a little more game and you're savvy, you can do just as well elsewhere for a lot less.I came here for the first time last Friday night. After walking into the lobby of the building, you have to take an elevator up to the second floor. Once you exit the elevator you are greeted by a wide open space with a long bar to your right and some small tables and leather chairs to your left. We were seated immediately for our 8:15 reservation. Most tables were occupied, but there were a few open. We tried the fried calamari, Philly cheesesteak spring roll, and Kobe meatballs as appetizers. The Philly spring rolls were by far the best. The calamari was greasy, and the breading wasn't very flavorful. I was expecting much more from an Italian steakhouse. The meatball was average. I will say that their marinara sauce was excellent. It was not too sweet, which is common with northern Italian recipes. We all got steaks for our entrees. I had the NY sirloin. It had a really great flavor, and was cooked a perfect medium rare. The other 3 guests had the filet, and they all said it was excellent. We had the gnocchi, mac n cheese, and spinach as sides. The gnocchi were definitely hand made, and cooked al dente. They were perfect. The mac n cheese and spinach were also good, but nothing out of this world. For dessert, we tried the pumpkin cheesecake, and a chocolate and peanut butter "tasty cake". Both were very good. I would definitely return here again. Next time I would try a pasta dish instead of the steak. I feel that they fell a little short of the upper echelon of steak houses in the city, such as Butcher and Singer and The Capital Grille. However, they are charging the same prices as those places. Our server was also excellent. I have no complaints about anything here, and would definitely recommend Davios if you are looking for something a little different than your average steakhouse.This review is about the happy hour. I met a friend at Davio's mid-week, and it happened to be happy hour.
The Yuengling was poring for $3 a pop. There was also Miller or Bud, sorry I forgot which one. Well drinks and something else was at happy hour prices. I'm sure you can find all of this out easily, and the great review, though about the happy hour, is not actually about the beer.
The atmosphere in this swanky restaurant is real nice. The bar is not that big, but does not get too crowded. The staff is super friendly, and service is quick.
Moments after ordering our beer, a plate with four small pizza slices was placed in front of us, on the house. At first, I thought they were just being nice and throwing us a bone. But four plates of piece, a bowl of friend, and plate of bruschetta with a bean spread later, it was clear, this is how they roll during happy hour.
Everything tasted fantastic. For $9, I had 3 beers and a feast of great food. I highly recommend this spot. It's the awesome!Really liked this place.  We split a whole bunch of appetizers that included rigatoni, some type of cheesesteak rolls and several others.  The house salad was really good and I am not a salad lover. For the main course I had the egg plant Parmesan. I should have split it. It was huge. It was also very good.  Service was outstanding. I highly recommend this place. Bring ur appetite though as the portions are large.So I love Davio's. I am a big NYC fan, originally hailing from Long Island, and whenever I go there I feel as if I am back in the city. Something about the big windows and the perception of being substantially elevated. I'm sure it is just me, so don't expect to feel the same when you go.
Back on topic. I've dined here probably half a dozen times, ranging from work events held in the private dining room, to birthday dinners, drinks, Friday meetings, etc. Every time the food and service has been amazing. I typically order filet mignon simply because I am not a fan of fat on my meat. Every time it has been cooked as ordered and perfectly delicious without anything added on top. I've gotten fish here also, very good.
Food is great so I won't dwell on that aspect. Two things I think are worth mentioning is the ability to bring your own wine (yeah, not a ground breaking revelation) and if you are taking someone here for a birthday, let them know and they will do something off the menu and extremely memorable for you. I came here and pulled a waiter aside and filled him in on the situation and was beyond blown away. 
Only negative is the wine is overpriced, but this is a lame negative since most of these places are like that. I'd recommend bringing your own and simply paying the corking fee. I've had just wine here a couple times and paying $10 for a glass of young Malbec is kind of absurd, but whatever. Its not like I am not going to do it again so I shouldn't really complain.This place was excellent. Started off with the popovers and mini lettuce wedges yum!  Has the scallops for my main course and it was amazing!  Tender and cooked perfectly. Definitely worth the money would certainly return again.Very impressed with the food and first-class, friendly service! I had the Amish Free Range Chicken Breast and it was perhaps the most perfect chicken I've tasted. Made me put down my fork and knife between bites, just to slowly savor the flavor. We didn't order dessert but the staff insisted that we have something sweet to close the meal: they gave us some homemade shortbread! P.S. the goat cheese bell pepper spread was so good it nearly ruined our appetite for dinner!Very nice inside and the bar area looked pretty cool.  As far as the restaurant, the service was fairly slow and my steak was overcooked.  The side of risotto was delicious, but the the steak was just something that I couldn't get past.  Steaks at a steakhouse should always be spot on.  Considering all the great spots in Philadelphia, I probably won't be back to Davios.Davio's has a great atmosphere and a great staff. We ordered the cheesesteak spring rolls for an appetizer. They had very good flavor. For an entree we both had the 10oz filet. The filet was very tender and had very good flavor. We also ordered the sea scallops which were also tasty.  The sides were good but not great. The sweet potato risotto was bland and not exciting. The mushrooms were good but not great. The string beans were to al dente for me. The bread that is provided was really good! The dessert was good but nothing overly exciting. I found the beef lost to be weak but the mixed drink and wine list were really good. All in all I would come back here.I absolutely love love this restaurant, I try to go there every time that I am in town. The food is amazing. I had the Gnocchi, It was absolutely delicious. They also have amazing drinks. Love the staff. They always take great care of me.Even though this is a chain restaurant it is tops. Service is always great. Only once had a bad entrée and they took it back without a blink and had something wonderful. It is pricey but well worth the monies. try some unusual appetizers such as the chicken livers or philly cheese steaks. my favorite is the meat balls. Always happy when we leave here.Great food slow service 
Ate with business associate 1 app, 2 salads, 2 entrees, 1 dessert, water and leanonades.  Was there 3 3/4 hours. Food tasted great, was flavorful, well prepared. Manger and waiter came by 4 times to apologize for how long it took for entrees (over 2 hours from time we ordered entreesb until they arrived) would go back just be sure you have time for a long meal.First off, the food was all very good. If you wanna go, go for the food. Wine: also very good.
The atmosphere was bizarre. It seemed overdone and confused. The music was a collection of current popular radio songs, which did not match the 'have a steak in an old bank' interior. The service was crazy attentive, almost intrusive. There were people hovering around the room like Hawks ready to ask how something tasted. 
BUT
The food was really good.Class and class and more class. If you are looking for a nice Northern Italian restaurant for a romantic evening out in downtown Philly this is the place for you. The dining room is spacious and the service was top notch. The only downside that I can say is that there are limited selections on the menu. So if you go more than a few times there's not that much to choose from. I'd recommend this place for Valentines Day or any other romantic occasion.Elegant atmosphere, food was okay and service was pretty standard. I just didn't feel the 'wow' factor that I had read about prior to going.
I was a guest at the adjoining Club Quarters Hotel and decided to go for Sunday Brunch. Staff was accommodating as I requested a table close to a window. Starter bread tray was very nice and they give you two pieces of complimentary biscotti at the end of your meal. I had the Grilled Flat Iron Steak, poached eggs, potatoes and truffle hollandaise  ($29) and coffee + Creme Brûlée. 
Convenient location, standard service and great menu options... But nothing to rave about. It's pretty upscale with pricing to match but it's a great excuse to spoil yourself at least once : )I had a great happy hour at Davios the bartender was friendly and even introduce himself agf5I always order happy hour apple martinis which is made with Amsterdam vodka and they give u complimentary appetizers today they gave pizza and friesThis is one of my favorite restaurants. The ambience, the service, the food are all first class. From apps, to steaks, to entrees and desserts, I have never had anything that I did not enjoy. They have a great wine list and the drinks from he bar are excellent, especially the white cosmo YUM! They're is also no corkage fee on Sundays if you bring your own wine, which is definitely a bonus.I took my team here for a holiday lunch and all I have to say is super. They were attentive, friendly very professional. My work lunch turned out to be a hit for our team of 6. Also one person on my team is a vegan and they were very accommodating which I very much appreciated.
The must haves there is the pasta. I would say it that it was the best I've had in Philly in a while. Perfectly cooked with the perfect sauce.  A must try is their Bucatini Amatriciana, Shrimp, Pancetta, San Marzano Tomatoes. I loved it sooo much that as I write this review I wish I had some right now.
Yes I will return for both work and personal.our wedding was held here just about a week ago. the ceremony took place in the director's room on the penthouse floor, and my husband and i were married in front of a giant marble fireplace under a huge chandelier. the room was filled with natural light provided by 15+ foot windows. the room comfortably held about 145 people plus a guitarist. phenomenal. this space is great for larger parties. there is also a smaller room off to the side, with fireplace. a balcony can be accessed off this room, with spectacular views of the city. i'm pretty sure they can hold very small events out there as well.
the reception was amazing. we had an open floor plan - meaning there weren't tables for everyone because we wanted to keep the cocktail party feeling going. the room was laid out perfectly to allow people to wander, mosey, and mingle while eating some of the best food they'd ever had. there was an antipasti station, pasta station, slider station (kobe beef burgers! crabcake! gourmet grilled cheese!), lamb and filet carving stations with two or three different sauces, and veggies. but who cares about veggies? 
our dessert was awesome. we met with tom, the pastry chef, about two weeks or so before the wedding. we wanted a skull cake. i know, sounds weird. sugar skulls though. we told tom to have fun with it, and he did. we went from a simple fondant-covered two-tiered cake to a fondant-covered two-tiered cake with two sugar skulls on top! there was also a dessert station with petit fors, tiramisu, and assorted other italian cookies and treats.
the staff was also amazing. i can't thank them enough for all their help.Very very over price. The spicy crab soup is the combination of spicy cream and crab, taste like shit. Shit crab soup, no tats of sea food at all. Risotto is dry and hard to eat. The rice is most likely uncooked. Very bad place to go.Our dinner was fabulous! It started with the reservation. The time and group number changed and they accommodated us with no effort. Then we arrived, some of my closest friends and there were doubts about the menu. It was restaurant week so we thought we would just order the regular predefined menu...some did some didn't after meeting Mike.. they most amazing server. His passion and dedication to service, the Davios brand and knowledge of the menu made everything sound good. We drank and ate the most incredible meal. It was is if he knew what each of us wanted! He even introduced us to the Executive chef, was a night to remember. I choose this restaurant because I wanted a new memory of the place. They delivered. Thank you Davios!I know this sounds crazy, but the chicken livers with cherries and pine nuts were amazing.  Forget whether you like liver, Davio's ability to create magic from any ingredients is impressive.This has been the best restaurant experience I have had and I have had many. Mark, our server, really hit out of the park. There an additional server whom I wish I got his name. He was so helpful and made amazing suggestions. I was here celebrating a birthday and will be sure to be back in the near future! Thanks for making my celebration so special!For all the great Northern Italian restaurants and steakhouses in the City, I was not overly impressed with the food for the price. The ambiance and service are worthy of 5 stars, but the food was just "good" compared to similarly priced establishments.Went there during restaurant week! It is definitelly bigger than I expected and the atmosphere is with big scale rather than cozy and intimate. I ordered the lunch menu clam chowder as the appetizer, which is not bad.  I cannot say it made me WOWed but I liked it. The entree I had is a green pasta with lamb on it. That is really delicious and well made. I like the creaminess and richness of the pasta... Although the portion looks small, I ended up boxing up the left overs. The pasta is no doubt the high light of the meal.    May go back and try some other food on the menu in future.Terrific evening with some late day outdoor views. Excellent service snd old world Philadelphia charm.  Great Italian in the heart of the city
Food consisted of superb mushroom or seafood Risotto and  a seafood appetizer. The entrees were the fillet which had curs of varying degrees of done-ness. Other accompaniments included turkey and pastas.  
Great place.  
Fillet 
TurkeyVery expensive, but very good food for dinner. Breakfast menu is short on options and waaaayy to pricey.Really nice ambiance. Went here with a friend who came from out of state and we were looking for a nice place to eat at.
They served nice olives and tapenade with the bread to start with.  All were very tasty.
We decided to start off with the proscuitto and they came with salami and crostini with ricotta cheese. It wasn't disappointing.
I ordered the papardelle  with braised beef and butternut squash while my friend ordered the flat iron steak.  The meat was tasty and nicely cooked.  It blended well with the butternut squash.  My friend also thought his steak was tasty.  However, one things was the fries were very oily and limp.  We expected it to be more crispy and fresh.  
Overall, we had a nice dinner and finished it off with nice tiramisu.Simply delicious. While some may think a little pricey , the portions are massive and delicious. every time we come here the food is consistently good and we always have leftovers. The egg roll varieties are particularly good . The menu is great because there is something for everyone and they are typically open to modifications and are very accommodating .I would give this restaurant 6 stars if I could. I came here for my friends birthday lunch for restaurant week. The place is gorgeous! I love the decor and cathedral ceilings/windows. For my appetizer I had the tomato soup with goat cheese which was excellent. The soup was very rich and the goat cheese was the perfect addition to that. My meal was the short ribs with mash and Tuscan kale. The meat was super tender and flavorful. It was cooked to perfection. The mashed potatoes were very good and the kale was seasoned so well. Dessert was a sampler which included peanut butter crunch, panna cotta and chocolate cake. All of them were absolutely delicious. The wait staff was friendly and professional and our waiter Louie never let our glass of water even go halfway empty. I have nothing negative to say about this place! I would definitely return! :)I took a very special person here for his birthday. (This was my second time at Davio's, this was his first time.) Great experience. Our server/hostess Tanya explained the menu well & also pulled me to the side on my walk to the ladies room to confirm the sursprise birthday dessert to be brought out. We loved our food, the ambiance, the service and the drinks. Will definitely be back!Ordered Spaghettini and request for white sauce instead but their meal was disappointing... its salty no leafy veggie and i waited half an hour for the take away meal... average meal.. tasted a lot of pasta and this is uncomparableMy girlfriend and I ate here on a Sunday evening. We were very excited to check this place out with the reviews that everyone else was leaving about Davio's. 
Sadly, we were very disappointed in the food. The 16oz ribeye was hardly seasoned and the veal chop was dry despite it being ordered medium rare. I've never claimed to be a great cook and the food tasted like something an amateur would cook and serve. Especially for the price of the food, we were unimpressed. The high point of the meal was definitely the drinks and the wine. 
I hope that we just hit the place on an off night. The place was very crowded and had a very cool, old school vibe.Great experience! We just stepped out of the restaurant, and my only regret is not trying Davio's sooner. Restaurant week 2 lunch menu lured us in. Noteworthy choices were the tomato soup with goat cheese crostini, shrimp scampi, beef short rib with spinach and crispy polenta, gnocchi with mushrooms and truffle oil, lemon meringue, and blueberry panda cotta. Our server Joey was personable and helpful...went above and beyond in offering tastings of two wine possibilities and in replacing boxed leftovers that got lost in the kitchen. Atmosphere is special, but not stuffy, and it is nice to have an environment that allows conversation. We have eaten lunches and dinners at MANY Center City restaurants, and Davio's is up there with the front runners.We went, we ate, we conquered!  
My husband and I went here on a Sunday, which to our luck was BYOW night.  I can't complain on bit at all about that cost saving advantage.  They also treated us with our wine graciously and there was not awkwardness at all, when I whipped two bottles out of my handbag.  
The service was OK, but not wonderful.  There are lots of people running around, but no one seemed happy and most seemed frantic.  However, the restaurant was not at capacity, so I am not sure where the "rush" mode came into play.
The food was very yummy!  I am dying to go back, no, but I was still impressed.  Let me first warn, DO NOT order the caprese salad.  For $16, I expected quite the mound of caprese.  I was very disappointed when 4 pieces of tomato and 4 pieces of mozzarella came out, possibly all equaling one very small tomato.  However, their steaks were good and cooked just right, which for some reason is getting harder and harder for the steak houses we visit.  We had the truffle mac n cheese and green beans with pancetta.  Those two sides were the highlight!  Now if they can only mix the pancetta with the mac n cheese, we would have a winner.
If you are looking for an up scale, not over the top, decent steak house, this is your place.  However, keep in mind it is part of the hotel, so every once in awhile you get a frumpy tourist walking through your candlelight dinner. :)Just incredible. Our experience at Davios could not have been better. Service was efficient and friendly, the food was superb, and the decor here is very classy -- just right for a special celebration. My wife and I are both gluten intolerant, and while most good restaurants have no problem accommodating us, Davios went far beyond "accommodating". 
They have a lot of GF menu options, including excellent Italian GF pasta. We had a Pasta dish with Bolognese sauce, and a short rib dish. Both were excellent -- equal to the best we've had anywhere. The short ribs were fork tender and had a light finish of sea salt on top, which i loved. The Bolognese was so rich and flavorful, and the GF pasta was cooked just right (not always easy to do). Portions were large but not ridiculous, and thankfully Davios does not fall into the tragically-hip trend of making their food small in portion but architecturally significant in height. Good choice, folks.
The hot gluten free popovers were a real treat, and served with herbed butter? Wow! We had two different glasses of wine and two cocktails. When my wife did not really like her cocktail after a sip, our waiter Chris happily replaced it with something else, and apologized to us. Both the Sauvignon Blanc and Moscato we tried were excellent, cold and crisp. Only dessert was slightly underwhelming since the panna cotta had some sort of liquor on top, which really did not, in our opinion, go well with the cool creamy dish (and this was not evident on the dessert cart version).
Davios is not an inexpensive night out, but I feel the level of service and the quality of food here equals anything I've had in Philly (or NYC), and it is one place where you definitely get what you pay for.
I should mention that the bar here is equally classy & beautiful. Maybe you'd like to put your toe in the water before diving in? The bar would be a good place to do that. We will definitely be back, and I highly recommend this place to my fellow Yelpers.In town for few days & tried this restaurant based on reviews. It definitely lived up to the avg 4 stars. About 30+ minute wait, but there was space at the bar & friendly bar tenders.  Once seated, the waitress was extremely pleasant & attentive. We got steak & salmon, both prepared as requested and were delicious. The sides & salad were also very good, well seasoned and tasted fresh. The desserts were also delicious.  Although pricey, I would recommend this restaurant.Not worth it for the price. Decent food. Good atmosphere. Great deserts. The tiramisu was the highlight.Went there for restaurant week the other night. We had a table of 6 and the service was excellent. The food was good, but when you go to some high-brow joint like Davios, you expect better than just good. 
It's always $12 drink night there, but at least you get a cool little soda bottle with your captain & coke. 
Bottom line, I wouldnt recommend it. I'd suggest Del Friscos or Morton's. The place isn't bad, I felt the food should have been better for a high end restaurant.We went to Davios this past Saturday for my sister in laws 30th birthday. We rolled in 12 deep (with 3 toddlers and an infant in tow) and they were so unbelievably accommodating. We were so so happy with the service. The friendliness and the ease of all of the servers we encountered was stellar. I had a fussy 3 month old and had to walk a few times to the front of the restaurant to care for her, and every single server that saw me coming stepped aside to let me through with a smile (even WITH the yelling baby). We ordered a bunch of apps to starts. The fried oysters were probably one of the most delicious things I ever had! The Kobe meatball was delicious, the cheesesteak spring rolls so yummy (of course) and the prosciutto and ricotta tray was also delicious. With such a large party I can't recall everything that was ordered, but I know there was not one single complaint. The sides were heaven, spinach, roasted garlic, garlic mash and truffle Mac n cheese. The steaks were cooked to perfection and smokey in flavor, the veal cheeks were perfect and every one was happy. My ONLY complaint was that the price of my ribeye at 46 (give or take a few bucks) was just over priced. Don't get me wrong, it was delicious, but I can't imagine what kind of a cow produces a 46$ steak! I would love to return to Davios sometime soon(ish)! BravoOld school classic dining room with white glove service.  Wait staff was top shelf and food was very good. For appetizers we had the cheesesteak rolls and gnocchi.  The rolls were a nice novelty and were good, but I much preferred the gnocchi which were light and fluffy with great flavor.
The for the entree I had the bone in ribeye. Had it cooked rare and it was perfect. I don't eat much red meat and this was this a huge portion.  Don't think I managed half of it but no regrets.  Went really well with our Shafer Hillside Select.We just had an amazing experience at Davios... Beautiful environment, top notch staff and excellently crafted food. My husband and I tried items from all over the menu - house made pasta, steak, salads. Everything was fresh and perfectly executed. My husband said his Filet Mignon was the best cut of meat he has ever had.  Being a vegetarian myself, I can assure you there are *many* meatless options as well. I will close by saying: dessert, dessert, dessert. I'll let it be a surprise but, if you have a sweet tooth, save room. Our server, Pierson, only added to our positive experience. This is a great romantic date location!!! Classy decor, low lighting, unobtrusive music and just an awesome menu. Go! Now!!Came here for a work dinner. We rented the private dining room up on the top floor. Nice room.  The food was okay. Nothing spectacular. Service was actually good. Not sure I'd come here on my own though.So wonderful!! My fiancé and I just recently got engaged and thought Davios would be a good spot for our families to finally meet and I'm so glad we did! 
First, the restaurant is incredibly cool. Huge windows, dim lighting, kind of a modern elegance to the whole place. We were seated at a table that was tucked in a bit which was perfect for a more intimate meeting. No one was shouting at each other from across the table and our families were actually able to relax and get to know each other! 
The staff was awesome. Informative, warm, welcoming and when our dessert came out we had a congratulatory chocolate scroll on our creme brûlée..so sweet!! 
The food. The FOOD!! Amazing. We got the meatballs, octopus, tuna tartare and oysters for apps. All so delicious and well prepared. My salmon with eggplant caponata was absolutely incredible, hands down one of the best salmon dishes I have ever had. The outside was crispy and crunchy and the inside was tender and not over cooked. The consensus around the table was that everyone's entrees were just as good as mine! Dessert was epic. The carrot cake was gigantic, moist and sweet (my sister had to take the rest home-it's THAT big) our creme brûlée was prepared wonderfully, and the espresso ice cream dessert (the name escapes me) was creamy and delightful. 
Go to Davios, they certainly will not disappoint!!!Most guides will say people voted Capital Grill the best Steak House in Philly but those people have no clue what they are talking about. Davio's should be number 1. 
If you aren't prepared to spend some money than don't go here but if you are then this is the place to be. Great for a special occassion. Immediately you know this restaurant is of fine dining from the white linen on all the tables, lol. That always signifies $$$ when they have the white linens to steer you from making too big a mess. The service is top notch. Your glass is never empty and you hardly finish your request before the task is completed. The side street entrance and the elevator ride to the restaurants main floor make you feel like you are arriving some place very exclusive. 
To start off your dinner here I recommened the Philly Cheesesteak Spring Rolls with Spicy Ketchup. They took a classic sandwich and made it into a posh little appetizers that doesn't just look good, or sound nice, but taste great too. There are a lot of immitators but none better than the OG in the cheesesteak spring roll game, Davio's. I've eaten here a few times now and the first time I had the Prime Rib which was good, but the second time I had the Rib Eye, which some don't like because of its fatty side, but that's where all the flavor lives. I think it's the best I have and I love steak and have had plenty from many restaurants and I would go back here any day for this one. For dessert they bring around the little dessert cart, which I love, I choose the Creme Brulee and this is definitely is tied for 1st place of best with me. 
Overall it's a must do in Philadelphia dining experiences.
P.S. Check out their happy hour, its a good one!My husband and I went to davios a few weeks ago and decided to sit in their lounge area. They weren't to busy considering it was a Thursday night. We had dinner in the lounge and my husband hand a few glasses of wine. Dinner was amazing. We shared a steak and the truffle gnocchi. Our server Mercedes was even better than the food. She was attentive and knowledgeable yet we didn't feel intruded or rushed. Though it may be a little awkward for some folks to eat in the lounge my husband and I surely enjoyed it. We'll be back in a month or so!This is a belated review. We dined here on 08/17/2012 and was recommended by a friend and so to Davio's we went. 
It was great. Boyfriend and I were on time for our reservation but our friends were already having a blast at the bar. We moved onto our table and my appetite grew exponentially as I read over the menu. 
Everyone ordered their own entrees and sides but we ended up sharing a bit of everything a la family style dining and so I got a taste of almost everything on the menu since our taste buds are eclectic. Everything was delicious. 
The decor is gorgeous, the staff were meticulous to every detail and he was hilarious and joked along with our sarcastic humor. One of my best dining experiences! If you can see from my past reviews, I don't give out 5 stars generously.For the prices, you would think to expect high quality food and excellent service. Our server was Mark. He seemed preoccupied, as though he would've liked to be anywhere else. Didn't smile once. Our food took a long time to arrive, and it was not as good as everyone says. I had the penne with smoked chicken, sun dried tomatoes and walnuts, and my mom had the gnocchi with mushrooms and truffle oil. My mom was not satisfied with the temperature of her dish- it was far too hot. Mark only had about 4 tables, but disappeared for long periods of time, and when he did return he seemed in a rush to get back to whatever he was doing. 
I am a server as well and I understand how stressful the job can be, but the staff seemed to just be floating around doing nothing. We sat with our half empty plates in front of us for too long after finishing our meal. The only consistent service we received was a refill of our water glasses by a different busser every 10 minutes. Will not be returning again.Met at the bar for drinks, no meal.  Service was good and the atmosphere was great.This restaurant just blew me away.  I am a full blooded Italian from NY and I had the greatest culinary experience here. The ambiance is enchanting, including the spacious bar area.  The service was impeccable. Several maitre d's were circulating throughout my meal ensuring the highest standards were met. The cocktail and wine selections were interesting and plentiful.  I had the house pinot noir and it was incredible.  My server was attentive and provided wonderful suggestions. The food itself was delectable! I had the crab cake appetizer, followed by the potato gnocchi.  Mouth watering for sure.  The dessert cart was tantalizing.  I went with the seven layer lemon cake with lemon sorbet.  I cannot wait to my next visit!If the service had been better I would have done 5 stars. Maybe the best veal chop I've had in Philly. All the food was very good and would rather go here than Capitol Grill or Mortons, but our waiter either had too many tables or had other issues. Drinks were prompt, as were the app's, but the entree's took forever and we had trouble finding him to see why such a long delay.
Now that they opened in KOP we'll try that location.What a great place to dine for a romantic night out. Beautiful old building in downtown Philly, ambiance is great. Dim lights, white table clothes and amazing service. Our server was extremely attentive and knew the menu inside and out. 
I wanted surf and turf and they created a small filet (cooked to perfection) with seared scallops (to die for). The tuna tar-tare and philly cheesesteak egg rolls were great starters. 
I would highly recommend this place for a nice night out or to entertain clients in a unique space!First off, the food was all very good. If you wanna go, go for the food. Wine: also very good.
The atmosphere was bizarre. It seemed overdone and confused. The music was a collection of current popular radio songs, which did not match the 'have a steak in an old bank' interior. The service was crazy attentive, almost intrusive. There were people hovering around the room like Hawks ready to ask how something tasted. 
BUT
The food was really good.Great atmosphere and lovely place.  We ordered delicious tuna tartare as an appetizer to accompany our cocktails.  The bartender is excellent!  
I really appreciate that they offer a gluten free lunch/dinner menu.
As for the entree I had the sea scallops and the risotto was amazing.
I would give 5 stars but we traveled in and parking was a pain.  We didn't realize they offered valet until walking up to the place.
Food and service was great!My bf make reservation for our 2nd year  anniversary here we tough that was going to be a good experience .we had octopus as appetizer that was ok and we had the lobster risotto that as horrible I couldn't even eat tasted was so weird and just had 3 pieces of the pincher claw "really" 44$ each order we were so  disappoint that not even get desert we had a bad experience here !I wanted to like this restaurant very much. Here we go --
1. The ambiance was very nice. Very classy atmosphere. 
2. In the beginning, the waitress was just ok. But, slightly warmed up a little later. 
3. The appetizer "Philly Cheesesteak spring rolls" were great. They were very tasty.
4. The entrees. I had the crab cakes and mashed potatoes. The crab cakes were good but the best I ever had. The mashed potatoes were the most bland potatoes ever. They had absolutely no taste to them. I tried to use salt and pepper for much needed seasoning and to no avail - still bland. My husband had the baked salmon and the mac & cheese. He did not like the mac & cheese at all. He stated that the mac & cheese was bland, also. 
5. Cocktails. The one cocktail I had was so off. I'm not sure if my cocktail was made too quickly or if the bartender was a new inexperienced bartender.  
I might give this restaurant a second chance because it's a very classy restaurant. If not, it was still a nice (not spectacular) dining experience.Our hotel, the Hotel Palomar, was right next door to Davio's so we gave it a try.  Glad we did, had an excellent time and meal there.
Very rich, opulent, lively upstairs restaurant, very grown up and old school.  Big bar for waiting plus lounge chairs, equally large dining room with high ceilings and formal service.  Very nice.
Definitely not cheap but a nice experience overall.Came here for a birthday dinner. The service is excellent! All of the servers are very attentive and friendly. The ambiance is very romantic with dim lights and beautiful interior decorating. I had the linguine with clams which was an ok dish. The sauce was bland and to top it off my stomach was hurting after. Maybe the clams weren't fresh but I was the only one who had that issue with our meal. My mother had the Maine lobster which was amazing. It was a humongous lobster and very fresh. As for the appetizers we enjoyed the spring roll appetizer the most. The cheesesteak roll was my favorite. We also had the tuna tartar appetizer which was also just ok and the calamari was good. Overall, everybody enjoyed their meal and the service here.We dined here for our anniversary. The cheesesteak spring rolls and potato gnocchi with mushrooms and truffle oil were very good. When we received our entrees they over cooked our medium rare steaks to well done. Although we had to wait for them to cook new steaks they more than made up for the inconvenience by offering a free drink and small dessert. We were ok with what happened because it was clear that they felt bad about overcooking our food.
Fast forward a year and we returned for our anniversary. Things were different this time. The potato gnocchi was oily and didn't taste as good. Instead of steak I ordered lobster which was dry. The size of the sides was almost cut in half from our previous visit and the quality didn't seem the same.  We were very disappointed. At this point i think the best qualities of this restaurant are the service and atmosphere. I'm now considering a restaurant to take my husband to for a milestone birthday but I would not take a chance returning here for fear that we would be disappointed.We've been here a number of times for both lunch and dinner including the restaurant week. Always excellent service, great food and nice ambiance. Thoroghly enjoy the experience every time I'm there. Once of my favorite restaurants in Philly. Try pasta dishes here, they will not dissapoint.Celebrated my father-in-law's 69th bday here. They expertly accommodated a party if 16. Staff were efficient accurate and attentive. Wine glasses were kept full and food was outstanding. The interior is large and upscale. The only knock would be they get incredibly loud in the evenings.Excellent decor and food in a classic former 30s era bank.  Made it a sit down, dress up family vacation dinner.  Would give it a 5 star rating, but it was on the expensive end for me.Love this restaurant. Pricey but worth it.  We had a company Christmas function here and it was amazing. On a floor all to ourselves looking out into the city. I was happy to try this place on my own for dinner to be able to try some menu items. I was not sure hungry but saw gnocchi on the menu and had to order it. Luckily they offer appetizer portions for all pasta entrees which is amazing!  It actually was still so much food. I got the arugula salad before hand which was light and simple and perfect. I would love to try a steak on my next trip here - but definitely wanted to make sure I had the appetite. 
The gnocchi was tender - I would have preferred a creamy sauce with the truffle and mushroom. Yeh sauce was tangy. Just my preference but it was good. 
Love the atmosphere in this place. Very cool, old school steak house vibe.My family knows that if your want to make me happy - make reservations at Davio's. I first went to Davio's during restaurant week and fell in love with it. The ambiance and the 2 story arched windows are gorgeous. The service is impeccable and the steaks are the best in the city. When I have friends in town, I always take them to Davio's and they love it too! I have celebrate so many milestones at this restaurant I stopped counting, but I can always count on Davio's to provide an exceptional evening.I don't know HOW restaurant week still manages to get 100+ dollars out of 2 people for dinner...call me naive to the city life, but I thought the $35 dollar pricing encouraged you to try somewhere you typically couldn't afford? Normally Davios is out of our price range, which was why we chose it for restaurant week. We still didn't get out of there for under 100 bucks though...oh well. On to the food!
It's trendy and exactly what I thought a fancy steak house would be. The service was wonderful and our waiter very informed when I told him which food items I needed to avoid. The restaurant week menu had a decent variety and the portions were decent...really decent. I had a nice tomato soup and we shared some hummus type dips to start - of course the one made from ricotta cheese was AMAZING. My salmon entree was cooked to perfection and massive. 
the only thing I would do differently - the wine. We opted for a bottle and should have chosen more carefully. Trying to save a few pennies with a cheaper wine didn't bode well for us and we were stuck with something that was marked up wayyyyyy beyond it's value. Oh well. I'd still go back - with someone not on my teachers salary, that is!So delicious and an amazing staff and servers. best restaurant week restaurant , hands down. Especially for the portion size you get. You will be completely stuff and satisfied once you leaveOld school Italian steakhouse atmosphere with a modern take on food.  Came here on a first date - a classy (if slightly antiquated) choice on his part that turned out to be surprisingly delightful.
We started with glasses of pinot noir - nothing striking but more than adequate for a house wine.  The spring roll sampler was a good introduction to this chef's idea of challenging your expectations.  The sampler was my date's choice and he was more than pleased; it wasn't really for me, but not because it wasn't well-prepared - I just wasn't craving anything fried.
Luckily, the entrees that we split were beyond awesome.  We ordered the scallops with risotto and the crab cakes, along with a side of asparagus.  Everything was great.  The scallops and risotto - both items that are easily and often ruined - were cooked perfectly, and the crab cakes were predominantly crabmeat - something you always expect but rarely experience.  The flavors were all light and wonderful.
I insisted that we get limoncello in lieu of dessert, and that was definitely the right choice.  This was some of the best limoncello I've had outside of Italy - divinely sweet, tart, and alcoholic.  Great ending to a great meal.We went here for my 20/year work anniversary. I ordered the 18oz rib eye. It was so tender and flavorful. I also ordered mushrooms and mashed potatoes in the side. They were e good but nothing to brag about.Came here for a business dinner.
The elevator ride up is a bit unique, I agree with a few other reviews that the feel and look in immediately exiting the elevator was a bit underwhelming.  Cramped lounges, chairs out of place, and some hideous looking Christmas looking decoration in February.   
As you kept walking the room opens up and looks a lot nicer with the high ceiling and the white linens
Had a drink at the bar to start, and was offered some complimentary pizza slices.  Nice touch.  
We were then seated.  In a very loud room 
Service was good , not great.  They were polite as can be but seemed scattered and not organized at times.  We had a party of 8, and there was another party of maybe 15... So maybe they were a bit inundated. 
The food. I tried a lot.  And am still full!!
Spring rolls,had the sampler.  They were average. Some better then others. 
Kobe beef meatballs were fantastic
Two minutes calamari was fair, lacked seasoning 
Prosciutto and burrata wig figs was excellent
Dinner
I got the ribeye.  Was cooked a perfect medium rare. 
The salt crust on the steak was superb. High points for the steak. Yumm. Davio s steak sauce that came with was not good at all and detracted from the steak.   That wE quickly pushed to the side and ignored 
Side of truffle fries and gorgonzola sauce.
Wow.   We're these just bad. In comparison to everything else they just disappointed on every level. I got no truffles flavor coming from anywhere, and the fries were burnt to a crisp.   If it were not for these fries.  I would say this was a 4 star place.
Nice petit fors and coffee to finish.  
I liked it.   Just can't see myself going back.Had lunch at Davios. I had a arugula salad with chicken. It was very fresh and the balsamic brought out the goat cheese flavor. The service was great even though it was during a busy lunch. The salmon and tuna were also very good. Great spot for lunch. The elevator to the second floor is a little slow but worth the ride.My family came here to celebrate my father's birthday. Busy on a Tues. night. When I confirmed my reservation, the deskman stated, "We have your table ready for your party, Mr Goh. Right this way." Mr. Goh. I like that. Keep saying that, man. 
As soon as we were seated, I couldn't help but notice the hierarchy of Davio's employees. Starting with the "waterboy," then these white-shirted waiters that take your order, and then these strange, Western business-attired guys that keep running around, seemingly pretending to do something productive (but actually they just stand in the corner and laugh amiably to one another). These suited guys (one of whom was wearing a flamboyant, overly tight-fitting plaid suit with chelsea boots that really didn't match with his more conservative compatriots) do not positively contribute to the dining atmosphere at all. They in fact distract diners like myself. 
It took the waiter 15-20 min. after we were ready to order to come to our table. Another waiter kept apologizing to us, but I was wondering, "could YOU take our order?" It's just writing down words on a piece of paper. I could do that. Finally, the waiter came to our table and did not apologize to us. He rushed us with our orders as if he was a Mcdonald's cashier. He didn't even ask us how our steaks would like to be cooked until I reminded him... 
Food was delicious. I got scallops on a pea risotto. I tried some of my party's steak and it was good, but they switched the medium and medium-rare designations on our two steaks. Don't get the lobster spaghetti; what a fail. Altogether, sloppy, but whatever, it tasted good.
Overall, the food was good, service was very spotty (but I could tell it was normally better, just odd for our particular instance) and atmosphere was somewhat suitable. Eh.The steak here was the best I ever had. The server Michael was one of the best. Very helpful and well spoken. This is a great restaurant to take a date or enjoy a nice meal out with family. Didn't have reservations and was lucky enough to still get a table. I will be going here a lot.Grab a seat at the bar for $3 beers, $5 martinis or a  $5 glass of wine during happy hour. If you're a little hungry, the swanky restaurant also offers complimentary hors d'oeuvers with your drink. It def gets crowded during happy hour though : ( 
I've had dinner here once--not too memorable.I ate here on a Monday and it was more packed than I had expected so I definitely recommend recommendations just in case. I ordered the oven baked lump crab cake and it was very good but also small. We also ordered the Kobe meatballs and they were very delicious and a must order. I ordered the 30 oz prime natural aged bone-in ribeye and it was just ok. I probably would not come here for a steak again. I ordered it medium rare but it was definitely more rare and extremely fatty. I have never ever complained about the fattyness of a steak because I usually like it fatty, but it was too much for me. I also ordered the mashed potatoes and they were very good. I tried the onion rings and they were delicious. They did not have a thick bready coating, which I like. Lastly we ordered the creme brûlée which was served with blackberries on top and was very good. Overall it was a pretty good meal and I would eat here again.30 ounce bone in rib eye was awesome! They gave us French fries while waiting at the bar for our table and they could easily be in top 3 in Philly for French fries. No bull. Excellent service. 
Nice ambience. 
Reasonably priced. 
All in all a very good spot for dinner.Fantastic happy hour.  If carbs make you happy, go treat yourself to the popovers.   Generous pours of the wines by the glass, or get one of the Manhattans (which is large enough for Michael Phelps to swim practice laps).Went here last night (5/27/17) to celebrate our anniversary with my son and my parents; overall our meal was disappointing. Our service and the ambience were excellent. Our meal started off with the most delicious popovers we have ever had. For our next courses, we shared the D'Anjou Pears, Endive, Gorgonzola Dates, Spicy Pecans, Champagne Vinaigrette Salad. While the salad tasted pretty good, for $14 there was 1 date and a miniscule amount of pear. My son ordered the Baby Iceberg, Tomatoes, Bacon, Onions, Croutons, Herb Buttermilk salad and when it arrived there was no bacon on it, so the waiter brought out another with bacon on it. For our entrees, my wife had the Sea Scallops and the mushroom risotto as her side and all were delicious. My son ordered the most expensive steak on the menu, the 30 oz bone-in ribeye medium rare and when it came out it was overcooked and tough. Our waiter took it back and had the kitchen cook another. It was perfect, but since it took a while to cook, we wound up watching him eat it. Nothing was offered to compensate for the inconvenience. I ordered the 16oz Prime aged ribeye, which was cooked perfectly and delicious. My parents ordered the 16oz Prime aged ribeye as well and it was undercooked and had a large amount of gristle; had me questioning if it was really a prime cut since prime should not have any gristle on it. My parents had a special mushroom, pasta, in a creme sauce as their side and it was very good. I had Brussel sprouts which were undercooked and my son had the goat cheese puffs which were very good. We were never told that they charged by the drink for iced teas and we drink a lot of iced tea. Our desserts were excellent. For an expensive restaurant, I would not have expected to have so many kitchen/cooking issues and then be offered nothing not even a complimentary dessert to compensate for all of the problems.Service was great as was the food. The wine was fantastic and the desert was great as well. Anything you order will wow you and the only bad part is you can't order a little bit of everythingI can only really comment on their Happy Hour and what I can say is that is fantastic. From 5-7pm in the lounge and bar area they offer 1/2 select beers and wines as well 1/2 priced well cocktails. And FREE appetizers (pizza, fries and crostini). It's a swell deal, a beautiful and comfortable setting, and the food is delicious, especially the thin crust pizza.A superb pick for my one year anniversary! Davio's is on the second story of a Center City building. With high ceilings and comfortable spread out seating there was much to appreciate about the aesthetic Davio's offered. We were lucky enough to be seated at a table right by the window which looked out towards the Liberty Mall and various other high rise buildings. The meal was excellent and our waiter couldn't have been more polite. I was surprised at how filling the portion size was given it was restaurant week. He even gave us some recommendations for places to go once we left in order to keep the night rolling. Definitely one of the better choices for date night in the Rittenhouse square area.I was staying in the Quarter club hotel and wanted to grab some
Drinks before heading out to Beyonce's formation tour. My girlfriend and I came into the restaurant just to go to the bar. I knew upon walking in that this place was super fancy. Most of the patrons had on suits and ties, so I felt a bit out of place in my leather jacket in jeans, but i really wanted a drink. I went to the bar and ordered a double shot of Patron (tequila). The bartender came back and said $37. I almost fell out. An expensive shot is $10-12 for me, so I was I started doing mental math, but failing to make the calculations work out in my mind. At any rate, i payed and pacified myself by saying I paid for the convenience of drinking right there in the hotel and not having to venture out in the rain. There was a nice cozy couch area just to the aide of the bar where I could sit and enjoy my drink. I didn't much have to mingle with the fancy dining guest, and it turned out to be a smooth move. In the future, I would never just stop in here for drinks (especially aside from their happy hr) but I would come back to maybe try dinner and actually be prepare to pay my soul for the experience! Ha!My lady friend and I finished a fun day on Segways in the city and we ate her for dinner. It didn't disappoint. Fancy, clean, upscale place. Our waiter was very attentive and helpful. 
We had the cheesesteak spring rolls there were DEE-LISH. Main meal was good. Scallops cooked well. Will come back, some day.I always look forward to my mom staying at the adjacent hotel because it means we have dinner at Davio's.  The service is always extremely attentive and we have never had trouble coming in without a reservation. Last night, we split the linguine with clams and both had arugula salads. I highly recommend both, even at a place known for their steaks.This is a restaurant with lovely high ceilings and thick white linens inside the Club Quarters hotel.  The large group I was part of had a preset three-course menu and plenty of refills on the fantastic bread basket (focaccia, cranberry wheat, and simple white).  We started with a very good green salad dressed in balsamic vinaigrette that was on the sweeter side.
Next, out of three pasta choices I had the cavatelli with ragu bolognese (a very chunky meat sauce), which tasted and looked like it had some finely chopped chives.  Tasty and comfort food-ish, though the chives were unexpected.  Dessert was a mascarpone-heavy tiramisu and [decaf] coffee.
Service was both friendly and polished; my impression is that Davio's does a great job of balancing elegance with comfort.I had a business lunch coming up - I had heard great things about Davios and the location was perfect so I made a reservation for 4 at noon on a weekday. Three of us showed up first, and they sat us right away. The restaurant was pretty empty but it was still early. When they sat us, they gave the three of us menus. When the 4th person in our party showed up, we had to ask twice to get her a menu (and we still ended up having to give one of our menus). We were not drinking alcohol, just sodas and iced teas. Three out of four of us were out of drinks for a long time before the waiter came by...and when he came by with the iced tea pitcher to refill those drinks, he didn't bother to ask if the soda drinkers would like another. The restaurant picked up, but I've worked in restaurants before and the restaurant (and our waiter) did not seem so busy as to justify the slow service. The food was good, but pretty basic. I'm not sure how it is here for dinner, but I doubt I would come back for lunch.Our group came to Davio's since it is just inside Club Quarters (where we were staying).  The first time I came here was for late-night drinks.  The waitress was awesome and got us our order fairly quickly and it was accurate.
The second time I came here was for breakfast.  The menu is really inexpensive.  Apparently if you charge your meal to your room, you can get 15% off the price.  I think many out-of-the-country visitors come here because a 15% gratuity was already added to your receipt, even if you're only one person, or a small group.  Anyway, the service was fast and amazing.  The food was better than that of Little Pete's, but the potatoes still didn't have any flavor.  Additionally, I got a really big chunk of potato and the middle wasn't cooked all the way.We had an awesome experience! My girlfriend and I went to Davio's on Valentines Day, and even though the restaurant was so full you couldn't even stand up at the bar, our server made us feel like we were the only two there. We received excellent service and we certainly got everything we paid for. Their "Wine Guy" explained exactly what we were drinking and hit the nail on the head. We highly recommend Davio's to anyone looking for an exceptional night out.Absolutely love this place! I went for a special occasion and my date sent flowers ahead of time, when I arrived they were nicely displayed at the table. The staff went above and beyond to make our dinner special! The food was delicious, I loved the signature spring rolls, the best I've had! The atmosphere is nice and I really can't say enough good things about the service. Will be going back!Gluten free perfection! The waiter was knowledgable and didn't have to say "let me ask" one time. High end for sure but worth every cent!Is this place beautiful and unique, absolutely. Is the food amazing, Y-E-S! Will I be returning soon, that is certain!This was the best...we showed up without a reservation after exiting our first choice for the evening, and the staff could not have been more gracious or welcoming..we had a great waiter and a delicious dinner...salads and the pasta dishes were generous and superb as was the ambiance and service--we will definitley be back on our next visit!I came here for a rehearsal dinner so admittedly not your totally typical experience, but hey, maybe someone out there is looking for rehearsal dinner spot. 
First off, the space is GORGEOUS. Yes, you have to ride up a rickety and small elevator to get there, but it's worth it. Huge windows, crown molding with widths that could be measured in feet, and some of the prettiest and most complete restaurant Christmas decorations I've ever seen. For the rehearsal they had placed us in the back corner which was nice and partially blocked off, but unfortunately we still got all the noise from the bustling restaurant. 
The food fit the beautiful decor. While it's clear that philly cheesesteak eggrolls aren't authentic Italian, I can't deny their deliciousness. I ordered the short ribs which were delicious, and all of the food I saw looked great. Service was, for the most part, incredibly friendly and on the ball. There was one waitress who consistently gave some of the ladies the side eye, but maybe she was just judging the number of gin and tonics we were putting down.This place was wonderful.
The ambiance was very nice, and romantic. Definitely somewhere you would like to bring someone for a special occasion/celebration.
I ordered the skirt steak served with mashed potatoes and asparagus. The steak was very flavorful and cooked to perfection. The presentation was also very nice.
The service was excellent. I was there celebrating my White Coat Ceremony with my parents. The server noticed the program that my mother was reading and proceeded to bring out a plate full of dessert cookies and fruits on a plate that had "Congratulations" spelled out on the top in chocolate. It was such a nice, thoughtful, gesture that really made the night.4 of us ate here last week.
Service:  Very good except they interrupted us MANY times during the meal.  We took clients out and were talking and every time the awkwardness stopped and the conversation started to flow, someone would come over and ask a question.  It was actually annoying.
Food:  Very very good.  Didn't love the dessert but everything else was really excellent.
Atmosphere:Very pretty.  A nice atmosphere to bring a client or a date.  But, the one thing is that it was not air conditioned well.  It was just on the cusp of being uncomfortable.  
Cost: It was $360 for 4 people:  4 entrees, 3 desserts, 4 drinks, 3 sides, 3 coffees. I don't think anyone ordered appetizers but I honestly don't remember now.  I don't think so though.
Bottomline is that I was generally happy.  But,  I wouldn't go again with a client.The staff was fantastic and very attentive to my needs. The food was good and the steaks delicious. Would like to try some of the other dishes.I came to Philadelphia on a business trip and chose to grab dinner at davio's because I had a good experience at the Foxborough location, they have a gluten free menu, and it was close to my hotel. 
I must say the restaurant is pretty and the hostess was very friendly. I was also impressed by the gluten free anti pasti..olives, eggplant, and gf crackers!
My problem was my meal. The gf shrimp and pasta dish came with angel hair gluten laden pasta. I questioned the waitress who insisted it was gluten free, then discovered it wasn't. It took approximately 10 minutes for them to remake my meal.
Finally, when I get the bill, I was overcharged for my dinner- 32 vs 27 on the menu-with no hint of an apology. Do they pull this on every customer and hope they won't notice? I expected much more from a restaurant with such 'accolades'.This place got us in at the last minute for a great Birthday dinner. We had a group of 6 and they quickly accommodated us without a reservation...a real lucky find. The steaks were excellent, the service was exceptional and the atmosphere was lively and fun. Great place for steaks...pricey, but definitely worth it!Cheesesteak spring rolls were amazing! I went there for a dinner with coworkers and it was appropriate. I also saw couples dining so it definitely fits for all different occasions. Meal and dessert were delicious! Highly recommend!Disappointed. You can't deny the service-- deserves 4-4.5 stars, but everything else was subpar for my expectations. Pros: We called around 8 om on a Saturday and received a reservation for an hour later which was nice. Upon arrival we were politely ushered to our table. The portions are generous for an upscale restaurant. Complaints: My wine glass still had lipstick marks on it. The porter was a little too unenthusiastic about her job, but she was very attentive. I would recommend against the pasta,-- it is cooked al dente but a little more chewy than I am accustomed to which became unappetizing quickly. The flavor is nothing spectacular. I can't attest to the steaks which may have changed my eating experience. For dessert, we had the chocolate bread pudding which is pretty tasty and ordered a side of vanilla ice cream which is actually gelato so don't be disappointed if you expect ice cream. Overall a mediocre experience, higher level of noise in the dining room, and no beautiful views from the restaurant.Everything was perfect from the appetizers to dessert. The wait staff were wonderful and very attentive but not in a bothersome way. I will definitely go back and recommend to family and friends.Loved it here! Came here with family for my birthday and the food was delicious!!!! And while i was here Ringo Starr was also there! Very coolUmm, I don't know about this place. I ordered the Hawaiian Tuna Loin. It was served with mashed potatoes and kale garnish...I LOVE tuna steak so I was super disappointed. The tuna was overcooked and the mashed potatoes were way too sweet. I expected so much more for $50 all-in for one person. The ambiance was cool and service was good.Walked in after a long day of drinking and walking. I didn't look the part and neither did my girlfriend. We didn't plan on going to a fancy resturant but had the money to do so. We were both wearing running shoes, shorts/jeans and tshirts. Everyone in the resturant seemed to be wearing a suit. They seated us on a Saturday at 7:30pm with no reservation in about a minute. The order was taken and food was out in less than 5 minutes. Bread came out after the meal. Waitstaff was excellent and kept trying to get us to buy drinks. This is something I did after the 3rd ask. We were in the resturant for under 30 minutes. Food was good but not the best gnocchi that I ever had. Service is some of the best but we felt very rushed. I would go back and try a steak next time.I held my wedding here and was super impressed with the level of service they provided me and my guests. Everything I asked for they found a way to accomodate. They were so professional and of course the restaurant is fabulously beautiful. The neutral colors provide a blank canvas for anything you can envision. I would highly recommend this as a wedding venue. Everyone who attended said it was the most beautiful venue they'd ever been to. You would never think it was a restaurant until you try the food and then you realize that unlike most wedding venues that use caterers, these guys can really cook and the food comes out hot and fresh!  Our guests raved about how attentive the wait staff was. There were no lines at the bars, no looking around to see if you can find someone to bring you something. They made sure everyone was happy and we had all kinds of unique situations there from vegetarians to kosher people to people with food allergies.  Peter and Ettore were a joy to work with and never got fed up with all of my phone calls and specific questions. FIVE STARS!Great atmosphere and service; the GNOCCHI are out of this world; it melts in your mouth. The dining room is huge and has some privacy windows, allowing you to be at ease with your conversation. priced right for this type of dining experience. The only thing would be the crowd waiting downstairs to get into the club (basement lcoation)...Davio's - I'm really disappointed. Was I expecting too much for Christmas Eve dinner at a well-known Philadelphia restaurant? Would it make sense to have suggested wine pairings with the special seven-fish menu? Or at least prep the waitstaff with some recommendations for interested diners? 
There were plenty of waitstaff buzzing around the dining room when we were seated. But each of the staff members that stopped by our table seemed rushed & disinterested in making our dining experience enjoyable. Did they forget that Philly diners have less-expensive options elsewhere? And that the service component is a huge factor in the overall dining experience?
The setting is delightful - high ceilings, tasteful Christmas decorations, soft lighting - there were even a few gingerbread houses scattered around. But the food did not match the physical surroundings. The starting lobster bisque tasted as though it was created from shrimp stock. (It's a good thing I could see the one piece of lobster before the server poured the lukewarm bisque on top.) The grilled shellfish salad was over dressed and over seasoned, masking the flavor of the various shellfish featured. And then the crab/spinach risotto accompanying the over seasoned sea bass tasted burnt. I couldn't find - or taste - any crab in my portion either. Since none of the three courses were well-executed, we decided to pass on dessert. 
Overall, the evening was disappointing at best. 
Next year, we'll look for other options on Christmas Eve.So I was just at Davio's for the first time with my friend Julia. I have to say I wasn't prepared for something as fancy at first. We had just done some shopping and wanted to grab a nice sit down dinner. When we walked out of the elevator, the first thing that came to my mind was that "oh geez and I under-dressed". I was pleasantly surprised and really happy that the hosts and the servers treated us with GREAT service. I've never experienced entree's coming out so fast and they say good service means your glass is always full. Ours was always full. The service was the first sign that I was going to have a great meal. Now onto the food. I'm a big foodie and when I was told all the olives, hummus, and bread were all house made I was really happy. I have a lot of respect for places like these. My Bolognese pasta was delicious and Julia's butternut squash ricotta ravioli was fantastic. Overall the food's great and the service was really wonderful. Oh and the decor is spot on. I was really pleased with Davio's especially since it was our first time, I hope they keep it up.Seafood Bucatini was beyond salty. Got a second order of the bucatini and was just as salty. Sorry after second try I left.We are in love with this place.  from the food to the atmosphere - but Oh My - the FOOD!!!!!  We dabbled and tried the red sauce as well as the lamb special and another dish.  Every item including dessert was absolutely perfect.
We will definitely be going back.This would've been a 5* but our waiter was not pleasant at all. When we sat down with the hostess our waiter greated us we ordered our drinks and another waiter came up after and greated us again and asked for drink order we said we already placed it with the waiter before him he was confused like we were. When the other waiter came with our drinks he asked him  "oh you got this table?" I really wish the second waiter was our waiter the guy who stole his table was so unpleasant, no life seemed to be in him. There was no conversation with us when he did cone and ask how our food was I replied "delicious I bet you take a "doggy" bag home for yourself every night, he answered i don't have a dog I said oh I mean for yourself he goes no I don't at all, ?????!!!!!! ‍‍‍‍ some people need to get out of serving. It's the restaurant he works at for crying out loud! He should like the food and even if he didn't like Italian food he should carry a sense of pride for where he's employed....after all it's very expensive and the quality is superb!!! The waiter who's table it should've been served our food had great conversation with us and we felt like tipping him. We will be back when we are in Philly again but we will not be getting the waiter with a smaller frame and dark rectangle glasses.I came here during the week with two professional associates for dinner. One colleague suggested Davios as she ate here before and it was attached to our hotel. The attendants were helpful at the front desk; the ambiance is great. We had a few drinks at the bar and then got a table for dinner. The best thing about Davios is the food. We had the most perfect mashed potatoes with horseradish and  a delicious side of spinach. The reason I would not give this restaurant a four or five star is because of the waiter. He was absolutely condescending and rude. I am a woman of color. He looked at the other two woman and only acknowledged me as an afterthought. My order, drinks etc was always last. I'm not paying steakhouse prices to be treated this way. My colleagues did not front my bill, I did. He stood five feet away from my colleague and told her to speak up, I can't hear you. Who speaks to customers this way? He berated one of the bus boys for bringing shrimp to the table "get that out of here. That's not theirs." Only to find out that he put in the wrong order. You're also suppose to get a discount for eating at the restaurant if you're a hotel guest. We asked him about the discount and he said it would be processed post signing the bill. This did not make sense to me but I went ahead with it. Time for checkout at the hotel, no discount is noted on the bill. I'm so over all of this that I pack my bags and head out. The impact to Davios is not just me not returning, but I would also push back if the association suggested this place for a larger team dinner, I would not bring clients etc. etc.Great ambiance. Nice for special occasion. Or girls night out. The food was good. Would have expected slightly better at this price point. Service was ok. It was a Monday night and it started out ok -restaurant was actually fairly crowded - but went downhill as we had trouble finding our waiter to order dessert and then to get the bill. Maybe later in the week is better.I covered my spring rolls with my napkin after I'd not eaten them, as if they were some sort of profane obscenity that no one should even look at. 
Three dollar Yeungling was appreciated, however.My sister had her wedding reception here.  There were ~ 20 of us and from the moment we walked in, everyone and everything was fantastic.  They gave special attention to my sister and her new husband, attended to every guest with respect and enjoyment, serviced delicious food, and always kept our glasses full.  I was highly impressed with the amount of attention we received, yet never felt rushed.  It was truly a wonderful evening and I thank the staff at Davio's for their hard work.If you're looking for a restaurant that has got it all in the city, this is a must try. You take an elevator to the second floor. are greeted by a large open space, with the entire room being open with something like 30 foot ceilings and a cozy bar. It's hard to get a bad seat in the entire restaurant even though very large. The service is over the top. A separate drink server keeps an eye on you the entire time. Thank God, we don't have to ask to have our drinks refilled. You have a separate bread server, yes they keep the carbs coming in abundance. Our main server was as enjoyable, patient, never rushing us and like the others "perf" service. Now for the closing of this rave review. We have not seen a more extensive menu at a fine dining venue, no kidding, there must have been 50 entrees to choose from. If you want great service, super selection and ambiance, this is a can't miss.Great looking restaurant, love the high ceiling and big windows.
We were looking forward on liking this place, but they fell short on there food.!
My husband ordered tuna tartare and I had the Philly cheese steak spring rolls. Tuna tartare was one of the worst I've ever tasted. No flavor. Spring roll was good, I buy them at BJ's, one of my favorite(hence for the the 3stars)
For dinner my husband ordered the spinach ravioli. There were 5pcs and my husband could only eat 3. He said it had a bitter taste. Risotto was dry! My short rib was ok.
There was a crack on my glass, my drink was just half way but the manager did not offer to give us another round or comp the drink, poor decision on his part. He gave us his card and offer to take care of us next visit, not sure there's a next visit.
Our waiter was attentive and good.Where is my risotto?
My second try here. I appreciate the response from Davios after my first review  elsewhere.
Ordered pan roasted chicken with roasted tomato risotto for carryout from gluten free menu. Doesn't that sound wonderful? 'Roasted tomato risotto'?While paying I asked if it was the risotto and it was gluten-free. Got to my office, and guess what? No risotto! It's chicken breast with mashed potatoes and asparagus. I was really hungry at this point so I ate it. The food was PRETTY GOOD but I really wanted risotto :(
Not sure how I feel about this. This isn't a fast food joint where they gave me a grilled chicken sandwich instead of a whopper or something.Food was ok.  They refused to serve birthday cake we brought saying it was a law that they could not cut it.   They just brought back In the box.  Very weird.  Would not go againOff their philly website, "Davio's Philadelphia is a jewel in the Philadelphia restaurant world". YAASSSS I AGREE. They say their specialities are in steak, seafood, and italian.
Food from the start to the end was amazing. Service was impeccable. Yes, it's at a little more $$ price point than I would normally search for food with, BUT this place is amazing and definitely worth shelling out for a special occasion. Luckily, I just got off of work and was still in work clothes- everyone here on a Tuesday night were dressed up (either from work or in "nice date clothes"). Don't wear jeans, or you might feel a little out of place.
We (party of 4) started with the american kobe beef meatballs ($12 for 2) and the philly cheese steak spring rolls ($11 for 4 halves). I remember a few years ago, getting the spring roll sampler, I loved the cheese steak one more than the rest so I only got those.. but if it's your first time, why not get the sampler. Meatballs were soft and tender. Mmmm. and the cheese steak spring rolls literally taste like what it's called. cheese steak in a spring roll. crispy, savory, and cheesy. yes.
Moving on to the main entree, I got the pan seared scallops ($34) with a side of truffle oil mac and cheese ($10). Sooooo very good and filling. Scallops are cooked to perfection- not too soft, not too hard. Chewy but not rubbery. And the truffle mac and cheese. Perfect amount of truffle oil in there, not overwhelming at all.
Dessert comes in a cart, I believe. We didn't get any because we were so full but they gave us 2 complimentary cookies and these chocolate/coconut thingys.
The service is phenomenal. This place is all the frills. Aka, they will push the chair out for you and wait for you to sit. Constantly fold your napkins if you leave your seat. Come around to each corner of the table to fill your water or wine glass. Use that scraper thingy to scrape off the crumbs at the end of the meal. Waiter was very friendly, attentive, and snuck in some jokes too. Great ending to a long day at work.fantastic, service was great, atmosphere was great, food was amazing. Our steaks were fantastic and the mac and cheese is to die for. The only thing I didn't think was amazing was the overhyped spring rolls - these were just OK, a disappointment compared to the rest of the food.Very attentive service, classy atmosphere and tasty but sometimes rich food. We went with a tapas type approach to the meal but friends give the seafood and steaks a very solid review. Good for an anniversary or birthday celebration.HORRIBLE. Where do I begin? We sat down and it took at least 5 minutes for someone to greet us. The staff was inattentive, rude and had no knowledge of the menu. The cocktail that I received was sugary that I might as well have ordered a soda because there was no taste of liquor whatsoever. The bread was not hot and the dips were watery. I ordered the filet mignon, thinking it would make up for the beginning of the dinner experience. It was overcooked, so the kitchen made me a new one. The manager who came over to our table with my new filet was plain rude. He had a British accent with no sincerity towards my guest and I. For dessert, I got the creme burlee, it was the only decent part of my experience at Davio's. If you want to go to a REAL Italian restaurant with a respectable staff and management, DON'T go there.I can't speak to the dinner, but I went to Davio's for happy hour and really enjoyed myself.  I was there on a Thursday night and while there were free seats at the bar and in their lounge area, there was a decent crowd.  I would say that the atmosphere is relaxed but a little more formal.  The people who were coming in were mostly business casual or better as far as their dress, so it's not necessarily a perfect fit for a really casual drink.  It's a quiet, classy place with a great atmosphere.
The happy hour specials were fine, but I ended up having a few pints of Goose Island Summertime for $6 each (about a dollar more than the happy hour wine and well drink specials).  I sat with a small group in the lounge area and the cocktail waitress was very attentive throughout our stay.  If I had an empty drink she was always right there to offer another and she was always back much more quickly than I expected.  
I also loved the complimentary apps -- crostini, mini pizza slices, fries -- all were tasty and a nice touch!  We also ordered the cheesesteak egg rolls.  While they were very good, I totally burnt my mouth on them.  Give them a minute or two to cool before diving in!  You only get four small pieces for $12, but they come with a sauce and some fried onions -- worth trying as they're tasty, but really just a light bite.
Finally, there is a pay phone!  A relic from the past just outside of the awesomely clean and well lit bathrooms.  I didn't pick it up to see if it worked, but maybe next time!My second trip back to Davio's was to celebrate my mom's birthday - since she has Celiac disease, I knew that she would appreciate their extensive gluten-free menu. It was a total success. They offer a gluten free cracker in lieu of bread at the beginning of the meal (although we were brought a giant basket of bread first - derp), which was a nice touch. I got her on board with the hand-rolled gnocchi (always stellar), and I took a gamble on a swordfish special on our server's recommendation, and I was really, truly impressed. Watermelon panna cotta for dessert rounded out a great celebration meal. I was glad that I gave Davio's a second chance to wow me.My lunch at Davio's was A-OK. The service was fantastic from the moment we walked in, but the food was not particularly great. We started with the cheesesteak eggrolls, which were good. I know everyone loves them but I just didn't get the hype (though I recognize that that could just be personal preference). My scallop dish just wasn't good. The 3 scallops (for $23) were overcooked. I could tell they were overcooked just by LOOKING at them, and certainly the moment I touched them with my fork. In contrast, the rice in my risotto was undercooked (and kept getting stuck in my teeth). Overall, my dish was unimpressive. Also, it was FREEZING in there, to the point that my nose was running from being so cold. Again, the service was fantastic, but at their prices I need excellent food (and heat), too.I decided to write this review after much thought.  I have now traveled on business to Philly three times and each time I have made it a point to dine at Davios.  The first two visits I had to this restaurant on past trips were divine.  This time my experience was disappointing.  I dined alone and was placed at a table by the front door which experienced heavy foot traffic by the wait staff.  I ordered the crispy chicken livers and the branzino entrée.  Before the appetizer was delivered someone dropped off the obligatory bread bowl which it turned out contained the star of the meal:  a savory cheese dusted popover that was simply delightful.  I haven't had a popover in years and this one was warm, fluffy and everything you want a popover to be.  So I was a bit disappointed when the appetizer was delivered:  a plate of sweet mushy chicken livers.  I spent several minutes trying to figure out if perhaps one piece was perhaps crispy and gave up when my entrée arrived.  The branzino itself was the best part of the dish was the crispy well-cooked branzino. Unfortunately the fish was mispaired wth a red tomato based sauce containing pancetta and large pieces of pepperoni  that overpowered this element.  There were also a few pieces of braised spinach.  I stayed for dessert in hopes of somehow changing the course of my meal.  Sadly I made a final misstep with my choice of dessert.  I selected what turned out to some vanilla ice sitting on a bed of chocolate sauce with some butterscotch hidden underneath.  Overall the best I can say is that it was a disappointing fine dining experience.This a very refined relaxed space and the food fits the room.  Delicious, cooked to order and served properly.  I was intrigured by the architectural space, very Philadelphia you can imagine the Founding Fathers eating in this somewhat stark but welcoming space.  We had steak and another person had the salmon all were very well prepared and tasted very good.  Our waiter, talked rather fast and didn't check in as often as hoped, but service was not below par.  This restaurant is expensive, but don't let that put you off it worth a visit or two.My wife and I ate here five days in a row as part of a road scholar trip. We had breakfast there every day very ordinary as far as the food goes. Fair service but there were problems. they had no orange juice on two different days. one day they said the juice Lockerhad not been unlocked the other day they said was they were out of orange juice.  We had other meals there. They were fair. We had a limited selection because it was a road Scholar event. I think they were trying to be very high-level but I do not think they succeeded. I noticed at lunch that I had a pretty good crowd of business type people. So apparently some people do like the place.food is good in this noisy restaurant. 
quality of service is overrated and overstated. 
leave us in peace already... and don't rush us. I felt like there were at least three waiters swarming our table (party of 8) at all times. 
They get 2 stars from me, because they present themselves as a 5 star joint, but they break some cardinal rules. For example, serve everyone at the same time - eight appetizers can be tricky timing, but if you're going to charge 19% gratuity for a large group, you should be able to deal. My gnocchi is getting cold while my brother is waiting for his salad. 
Also, don't clear plates from one course until everyone at the table has finished theirs. 
bush league service presented as fine dining. 
Waiters are too buddy-buddy. 
Coat check was handled expertly.Davio's was the choice for birthday dinner #2 and it was great!  The ambience of the dining room is very classic and elegant.  We had the buffalo chicken rolls, calamari, chicken livers and the beet and blood orange salad to start.  Entrees were Veal Chop, Short Rib, Scallops and Gnocchi and the Bolognese.  All were delicious and very enjoyable.  Dessert was carrot cake and the affogato - again, very delicious.  Service was great and we had a very enjoyable birthday evening at Davio's.  I would definitely recommend this to anyone who wants a delightful and elegantly indulgent night out!!  The big club chairs by the bar are uber comfy and they also serve my favorite cider Magner's in both apple and pear so that is a definite plus!  I can see coming for cocktails in the city in the very near future!
To be perfectly fair, the service rating was dropped by a notch because one of our appetizers were completely forgotten by the servers and the birthday guest received another diner's dessert all decorated for him with Happy Birthday, his name and a candle - which was very sweet but still a careless mistake.  The main issue was we had two servers trying to wait the table and they clearly didn't communicate so people received the wrong dish, dessert, etc. on a couple of occasions and the birthday dessert mistake was just embarrassing.好棒的晚餐，服務ㄧ流，但是份量很多，建議東方人來直攻主餐即可，16盎司的肋眼、烤甘貝都是好選擇，前菜我們點生鮪魚～，但不太合味口，生魚片還是讓日本來代勞吧This review was during restaurant week for center city. Go up to the 2bd floor in this restaurant close to Rittenhouse area. The decor was not as warm as some other high end restaurants in center city, but the food was so delicious that I have to give it 5 stars. I must say, this was one of the best meals I have had in a while. They offered 3 courses for $35 we chose the salad & soup, striped bass & roast chicken and then dessert was a sampling of 3 items. Service was excellent, which I expected. I will def return.We've been dining AT Davio's Philly for years since it opened almost 20 years ago and it NEVER disappoints. The menu is ample with something for everyone along with superb steaks, pastas and seafood, and the food is excellent.  We had the meatball which was delicious, the ribeye which was off the chart, and the branzino which was great.  And the Popovers are amazing!  The ambiance is lovely and spacious, and the service is impeccable. Davio's Philly has been consistently an excellent choice for fine dining in Center City.I had pretty high expectations for the food, thus the disappointment. The service and atmosphere was a 4/5 the food was about a 2, so a 3 has to do. It's a beautiful restaurant with attentive wait staff, however, the food was not the best. The spring roll app was fun and tasted good, but you can get similar fried food at your local bar (although the sauces were awesome). My salmon and asparagus risotto side tasted really odd. There were a few great bites of sweetness and the rest was slightly off flavor and kind of off-putting, not sure why. I tried the scallops too, and they were really wet and mushy, and slightly burnt on outside with no flavor. The best part was definitely the dessert, the berry cheesecake was really good and light. Granted I didn't get steak since I don't eat red meat, but typically seafood options have been pretty good at other steakhouses so that was my expectation. Either way I still think it's a great place for a serious business lunch, and maybe just ordering other food than what we had?
PS.I have to mention the bread was delicious!!!Went to this restaurant for restaurant  week. I had the fried calamari for an soon. Taste great. The beef short ribs for my main dish, one large lump of meat. It  was ok there was a lot of fat on.the  meat. Most places I've been to I've never experience fat on my short ribs ever. For desert we had a trio of very small cuts of treats. Overall it was just OK.I went to Davios several times for restaurant week. While I enjoyed the cheese steak egg rolls that were on the menu, as well as the salad. I was disappointed by the desserts. The desserts were a mini trio of the chef's choice. The desserts were minuscule (I get the concept mini, but they were barely existent) and bland. While I like the ambiance and lighting in the restaurant, a few times was enough for me to experience this place.I'm going to agree with MC in the bottom review. Absolutely no wow factor. Don't order the calamari taste like fried Gordon fisherman calamari and then they put his horrible lemon mayo on top it was disgusting. The Kobe meatballs were good and the San Danielle prosciutto with buffalo Mozzarella typical at any Italian restaurant. I did enjoy the pappardelle with the veal cheek it was very tasty and prepared well. My main course the classic veal chop was ok came with asparagus and mash potatoes very plain. Dessert we had the lemon cake which was delicious and I had an espresso which tasted like boiled dirty water. The service was excellent they were attentive but it was also cause the pope was in town and it wasn't busy. Overall the atmosphere was nice and the food was average. No way does the quality and preparation of the food match the price. I gave this restaurant 3 stars solely on the presentation and taste of the food I expected more.Last time I was here was a year ago and the service and food were unbelievable.  This time, attentiveness lacking even though place was half full at most, mishaps on delivery of items and overall attention to detail that I found to separate this restaurant from others now missing.  Food is great but seems that service not as important these days.Avoid the happy hour - it is awful.  The bartenders seem to begrudge giving out the food that supposedly goes with the happy hour.  The only thing they seem to be quick with is their bad disposition!Boyfriend and I went here since we were staying at Club Quarters and it was super cold outside. Food was very good, but our waiter made the experience. One of the busboys threw out my leftovers, and he had the kitchen make me a whole new order of gnocchi!! So sweet. I can't remember his name, but gosh, he was a cut above most waiters. Thanks for the wonderful evening.Excellent service great food.
Good wine.
If you want to impress a client or first date this is a good place to start.
Been here a few times never disappointed.
The 2 min. Calamari is outstanding most places do not know when to stop with the
Squid which will make it overlook and rubbery Davios gets it right the Calamari is tender,
Melts in your mouth.
If you have the $$$$ go here you will enjoy!i wish i had something more than "amazing" to say. cheesesteak springrolls are fantastic - accept no substitutions! you really can't go wrong with anything on the menu. (and i'm not exaggerating.) the staff is friendly and accommodating. i often recommend people to eat and/or drink here.I went with a group of about 15. The food is wonderful; just amazing; the desserts are phenominal. The service wasn't as great. I would definitely go back with a smaller group.Davio's is something of an institution in this part of town. While there are several other locations for this restaurant group now, this is the original and in many ways the best. 
When you arrive you take the elevator up to an elegant bar area which on its own is a worthwhile visit. They have a fantastic happy hour with shared appetizers freely passed by the bar and wait staff and you can happily snack before taking a table or going elsewhere. 
The restaurant itself is large, with high ceilings and domed windows. However partitions and subdued lighting make it feel much smaller and each space feels quite intimate, more than cost enough for a special. Date or celebration. 
We came Saturday night to celebrate my Fiancée's uncles 80th birthday. Thee were 10 of us so we had to choose a menu in advance from their catering options. This gives you prix fix for 3 or four courses. In our case we chose a menu that gave us 3 salad options, 5 entree options and 3 desert options. The first thing they did to impress was they allowed us to substitute one of the entree options that would have been less to the groups taste. We also added some of their spring roll sampler appetizers which are, simply, to die for. The Philly Cheesesteak ones are not to be missed with sriracha ketchup.
Service was crisp and completely on point. We had a slightly delayed start due to the snow and they adjusted to accommodate us. One waiter served point for. The table all night, supplemented by the sommelier and 4-5 others whenever a course was served so that it was quickly delivered together. The food was outstanding, with specially high marks given to the steaks, gnocchi, and chicken, as well as their unique bread rolls which I would describe as like a chewy English Yorkshire pudding. 
Most of all, they made Sheila's uncle the center of attention. At least 2 floor managers and the general manager came to wish him a happy birthday and check on the food. They also made up his desert tray wth a candle and piped chocolate birthday wish. 
All around top marks for handling a large group so well, making us feel special and delivering world class food.The perfect fine dining experience for very special occasions.  Davio's staff went above and beyond to meet and exceed my expectations for my boyfriends birthday dinner.  We were seated in a very quite corner to ourselves, which was so nice.  Everything was superb, from the drink service/wine list to the outstanding dessert served.  Not to mention they made it extra special by writing on the plate for his birthday, definitely above and beyond fantastic service.  Don't miss the Kobe meatball appetizer, to die for!!! Our food was cooked to perfection, worth every penny. Enjoy!Went there on a whim as my wife and I walked by while visiting Philadelphia.  Since it's on the 2nd floor, we decided to try it based on the menu alone.
Wow!  What a lucky choice for us!  The food is terrific and the staff is attentive and friendly.  Try the ribeye steak and the Mac and cheese with truffle oil.  And my wife loved the crab risotto.  Seriously, folks, this place fully is deserving of 5 stars.  I don't easily give 5 stars, but Davio's fully deserves this rating!Located on the second floor of a business building with high ceilings and large, long windows, Davio's is one of the best venues to have a classy, business lunch.   Although service can be slow at times, Davio's cheesesteak springrolls are to die for (note: they are served with delicious shoestring onion rings and prepared with the traditional, thin chinese springroll wrappers, not the heavy, thick eggroll wrappers that you find elsewhere).
-pinkposyDavio's is a super high end steakhouse.  TK and I went here with our respective parents for their first meeting, always a nervewracking venture.  We felt very catered-to.  The servers brought out table appetizers that meshed with our respective eating restrictions.  I ordered the Surf and Turf for the first time ever (back in my former life I used to order the least expensive thing on the menu...don't do that anymore).  The filet was perfectly rare, nice and seared on the outside...the lobster was exquisite.  They had a really great wine list, too.  
Overall, the decor is very upscale if a little bit bland.  The food was definitely good, although extremely pricey.  Be prepared to spend at least 100 a head with wine.Just had a girls night dinner here with my friend and it was superb.  We both got the 8 oz filet mignons and split the grilled brussel sprouts and creamy mashed potato sides.  The complementary bread is fluffy, buttery and delicious.  The steak was cooked perfectly and the brussel sprouts grilled to perfection.  The service was great though to be honest my friend and I felt a little out of place.  We're two college girls that decided to treat ourselves and splurge on a nice dinner for a special occasion but it was definitely very expensive and we felt somewhat judged for ordering only our one course.  There were tons of delicious looking appetizers we wanted to try badly and my mouth was watering when they brought out the dessert cart we just didn't have the money for it.  Long story short: a fabulous meal, cool bar and lounge area, excellent service, be prepared to drop some serious dough.Damn. Davios is one of those old-school, upscale places that makes you feel like you're in the company of the guys from Sterling, Cooper, Draper, and Pryce. The food was spectacular, and the service was superb. First, the bread is out of this world. I know, I know - you are probably thinking about the rolls that come standard at most restaurants. But I can honestly say that besides ethnic "breads" the stuff they give here is some of the most delectable bread I've ever had - chewy, crunchy, soft, and flavorful. Then we move on to the actual food, which is dynamite. Steaks are great. Pasta is great. Chicken is great. Seriously, I can't think of anything wrong with the food hereMy girlfriend and I were in town to see a musical at the Academy of Music on broad street. It was an early show and we had no plans for dinner later. The musical was fantastic and after much debate we ended up at Davio's Northern Italian Steakhouse. From the moment we got off the elevator, we were treated like royalty. The host provided us with what seemed like the best table for two in the house, situated right near a window with a gorgeous view of Rittenhouse. The service was superb. Both of our waiters ( we came to find out they work in a team) Joseph and Christian were informative, entertaining and passionate about what they do. Not sure what to steak to order, Joseph assisted in helping me pick a perfect one by explaining how bone marrow seeps out of the bone and adds flavor and complexity to the meat. It was bar none, the best piece of meat I have ever had. My girlfriend ended up enjoying branzino for the first time and was more than satisfied with her choice. We concluded our meal with a highly recommended peanut butter banana cheesecake. What an amazing finale!! All and all this experience was perfect.  My girlfriend and I are looking for any excuse to return to philadelphia and indulge at Davio's again!Davio's is one of my favorite places for a business lunch.  The waitstaff is absolutely fantastic.  They remember the name of the person who made the reservation, they are polite, and they provide top-notch service.  The food is very well presented.  They also cater to food restrictions (e.g., take that pancetta out of my warm spinach salad).  Make sure you look at the desert truck before eating lunch or dinner so you know how to plan.  Definitely go for the chocolate souffl.  This is absolutely worth every single drop of molten chocolate and vanilla ice cream on the side.  Forget about your diet - just enjoy.  
For lunch, the salads, pizza, fish, and anything I have had has been very good.  They usually have a vegetarian soup on the menu as well, which is important to me and my non-meat eating ways.  Don't plan on a 1 hour lunch.  If you like sparkling water, they make their own with some machine and bottling system.  The water is actually very good, but very pricey.  I have always had a great experience for lunch here.
I was here for a group dinner recently, and that is a similarly excellent experience.  The wine list is tremendous, and just like lunch, the waitstaff caters to whatever the guests need.
If you have kids, I just got an email from them that caters to families.  They have a monthly contest to award the best drawing or coloring with a $100 Davio's gift certificate.  Davio's supplies the crayons/paper/coloring pages, and the guests supply the kids.  Perhaps that is a way to enjoy some fine dining WITH, yes with your kids while keeping them occupied (at least for a short while), during which you can enjoy a fantastic glass (or bottle) of red wine.Davios never misses. Their meats are among the best in town. The veal chop is a stand out and my go-to.This was a perfect place for our Anniversary celebration. We were able to make a reservation very easily through the website, and they were ready for us when we got there. The girl was a bit awkward about taking our coats, but after that everything went flawlessly. 
The dining room itself is gorgeous and elegant, with a hidden rustic feel. Low lighting from the high ceiling cast a light glow across the room, and the candles on the table were just bright enough to light up the table. It was a very romantic feel since we were at a small table against the wall. 
Our waiter was extremely polite, and he could tell that we were on a budget since we were ordering the cheapest beverage on the beer list. After noticing that, he was making suggestions off of the menu that were closer to our price range, which I was very appreciative of.
The menu was absorbing, I wanted everything on it! We got the springroll starter which was really neat, and I ended up ordering the Mushroom Gnocci- till this day, no meal has compared. 
They brought us a chocolate cake type dessert, and wrote "Happy Anniversary" with chocolate sauce. It was delicious!
I don't think I would go here again due to the price, but if that wasn't a problem, I would be here all the time.I really like this place.  Definitely try the cheesesteak springrolls.  How wrong can you go when you fry cheesesteak another time?  I usually get the Osteria; they do a good job with fish and risotto.I should have known better. This is supposed to be a high class place. 
Service: We literally received frowns when we didn't order alcohol or desserts. 
Price: Generally across the board this place is over priced. 4 diet cokes = $15.
Portion size for the price was very small.
Food: average but the calamari was excellent.
Won't make the mistake again.I first stumbled upon Davio's last summer while staying at Club Quarters.  I didn't know how expensive it was (it's pricy, worth it, but pricy) .  The food was great and I've been back another time since then.  The service is very attentive as well.  No matter how stuffed I am after dinner, the dessert cart is rolled out and I just have to try something.
One of my favorite restaurants but definitely a special occasion place.Davio's is a dream.  The restaurant space is absolutely beautiful, the servers and waitstaff are phenomenal, and the food is delicious.  Their bread is so good, I could literally eat the entire basket by myself- I don't know what they make it with but it is doughy and eggy and heavenly.  Anyway, some favorites include: sampler of spring rolls, Maine lobster risotto, and meatballs.  Also, you can order some of their pasta dishes in smaller portions as well which is always a bonus.First and foremost, stop reading this or any other review. And just GO!!! Trust me! I'll tell you why...
It was Valentine's Day and my dinner plans at another restaurant weren't able to happen. So I called "Davio's" and even though they were booked, I spoke with a manager over the phone and he pulled some strings to make sure my Valentine's Day wasn't ruined. So from there I already seen they not only provide outstanding customer service, but they can really do what they can and exceed customers needs. 
They have an elegant atmosphere, along with great scenery. They have amazing plates!! From wines to liquor and you don't break the bank! They are known for Italian, but cook an out of this world 30oz steak! Yes I said 30oz!!! 
So don't second guess, or pass up the opportunity, this place is a hidden gem in Philadelphia.Best steak I've ever had and the service was exceptional. Came here for an anniversary dinner with my husband and we loved everything about this restaurant. Pricey, but worth every penny for a special date dinner, highly recommend!Well done, Davio's.  This place is fantastic.  Very upscale and trendy for the food critic, but they are willing to accommodate the picky eater like me.  One of the table mates ate ribeye, while another ate potato gnocchis.  Some meals were more specific, but I specially ordered angel hair with marinara sauce.  Yes, I was very boring that night, as I had been sick earlier so I went with a boring dish.  Overall, everyone loved what they ordered and desserts (everyone got different desserts) were great.  Most would agree it was worth the money.Stopped in for lunch on Monday with our son who is in college in Philadelphia.  He had us meet at "Underdog" just down the street.  When I asked if he really wanted Underdog or could we go somewhere else, he was flexible.  Davios was a giant leap up and just a block further.  He felt a bit underdress, but our casual attire was perfectly acceptable.  We all had appetizers, cheese steak spring roll, tuna tartare and calamari:  all were fabulous. Lunch burger, salad and sandwich were all great.  The atmosphere is lovely and the staff very friendly.I am a huge Steak fan and have been to most of the top Steakhouses in the City. The Ribeye Steak at Davio's is the absolute best piece of meat I've ever had! I went back twice to make sure that it wasn't a one off..and was treated to the same exact quality. Kudos to Ettore!The tomato soup and the crab cakes and the ribeye definitely met my expectations. The hostess was professional and our waiter Chris was excellent!I was in Philadelphia for business and toured a lot of the city and the restaurants that it had to offer. We had dinner at Davio's on one of the nights and the experience was excellent. All of the staff were warm and friendly and it was backed up by a great short rib. I thought it was a little bit pricey the experience was worth it and I would recommend this place.Staff didn't know if they were allergy friendly without finding the manager, but we thankfully learned they were once the manager came to speak with us. French fries were all very hard (not burnt looking, just... hard and unpleasant) and were extremely over salted. The hamburger we ordered for our son was burnt to char on one side, dry and disgusting. My wife's crab cake panini was good, and my chicken Caesar was good as well. Very inconsistent food quality, but a pleasant dining atmosphere. Staff was friendly but didn't really know how to talk with a 3 year old.Amazing service. Always had someone checking on our table to see if we needed anything. Everything was prepared perfectly and delicious. Highly recommended!Ambiance - Very good. The restaurant is located in a historical building (believe I was told it used to be a bank). The environment is very appeasing and during dinner we had little noise from other tables. Overall definitely a good choice for a formal dinner. 
Service - OK. All the staff members are very professional. However we had a 7:30 pm reservation and arrived around 7:15 pm. They kept us at the entrance before it's exactly 7:30 pm. During that time we stood awkwardly and nobody had checked on how we were doing at all (except a waitress telling us there's problem of fitting everyone in one table). I definitely expected better service given the price range of this restaurant.
Food - not impressed. I had their Romaine chopped salad and chicken entree. The salad had too much dressing. The chicken was seasoned fairly well and the skin had a very tasty glaze on it. However to me it is very oily and greasy. The oil on my plate could almost reflect my face and it was so unappetizing I probably only took one bite of the sides.
Overall I went to Davio's for a work dinner, and I thought this could be a good place for formal/business dining but I will certainly not visit on my own.This review is purely based on happy hour and a couple of appetizers.
I had never been to Davio's before but I was pretty impressed.  The space itself is quite grand.  High ceilings and very nice lights.  The place just looks impressive.
My drinking crew and I sat right by the elevator on the plush couches.  We sipped martinis and ate the cheesesteak eggrolls and pizza.  The cheesesteak eggrolls were very tasty.  The pizza was good, but not stellar.  I believe the pizza was included with happy hour.
We had excellent service during our time there.  Our waitress was very pleasant, personable and did a great job with our orders.  She even helped me figure out that "namaste" is pronounced "namas tay"  Up to this point I thought it was two words.
I definitely peered at the very large menu.  It intrigued me enough that I want to go back and give some of their other offerings a shot.Was here during sips,  a city wide happy hour with participating restaurants.  Had the kobe beef meatballs!  Fantastic and filing!Fancy, romantic gluten free friendly restaurant. They have an entirely separate gluten free menu and all the servers are very knowledgeable. The servers we had were both very nice. One was extra attentive and checked on us and made light jokes to keeps the whole evening very light and flirty. The food was delicious and worth the price combined with the experience. The whole evening reminded me of being back in Europe where the waiters and waitresses make serving not just a job, but a career.We had a fabulous meal at Davios.  And like others have said, the Cheesesteak Spring Rolls are a must.
Service was fantastic with attentive staff without being stuffy or overbearing.  Kevin, the wine steward, offered a terrific recommendation (be prepared for a pricey wine list at 3x - 4x over retail prices).  The atmosphere and decor are wonderful.  While the food (the real reason to choose Davios) was prepared beautifully.  Steaks, salads and delicious sides (especially the blue crab risotto).
The only oddity was that when we received the bill, the wine had been omitted.  After pointing this out to the waiter, they happily recalculated the bill and apologized for the omission.  Maybe they were trying to comp the wine and we didn't notice?Have visited this establishment numerous times for CC Sips. The menu is great and atmosphere is very nice. Try the crab cakes, they're delicious!What an amazing place to host my father's surprise 60th birthday party! Our party of 12 arrived in waves and they were kind enough to show everyone to the table as they arrived. And they were also very smart for putting our loud bunch in the corner. 
Renee was our server and he truly went above and beyond. Whatever we needed, he was always two steps ahead. What wines would you like for the table? Would you like a group photo? Was the selection for desert okay? Would you like tape to tape the balloons to his chair? Renee was AMAZINGLY HELPFUL (and should probably get a raise.)
Our preselected party menu included the most tender calamari and delectable cheesesteak rolls. We scarfed them up. Our group really enjoyed the scallops. Renee recommended them and we were not disappointed. The filet and ribeye were also reportedly very good and cooked perfectly. 
All in all this was a very classy restaurant (don't wear jeans-dress up a little!) with superb service and incredible food. Keep in mind with the price-you get what you pay for!
Thank you so much to Davio's and especially Renne for making this surprise party such a wonderful night!The service is outstanding at Davio's.   We had some of the best service we've ever had!  We were impressed by the wait staff and their attention to detail   the staff were all  very attentive, friendly, as well as professional and efficient. The lication on the 2nd floor was Beautiful, well decorated, classic.   
The meals were good but not fabulous.   I especially like the option to order a half order portion of the pasta plates ( making it both more affordable yet not so filling so I would have had mire room for the amazing desserts).   The desserts were truly amazing.  
Highly recommend Davio's.  Beautiful and delicious.I went to this restaurant with my wife because we were looking for a place close by that had seafood with nice atmosphere. Also, it was one of the only places that stayed open later on a Sunday night.
I must say, the food was not the only thing that was outstanding. The staff must really get a pat on the back, our waiter was on point every single step of the way without being too overbearing. Decor gets an A+, the food gets an A++ and the dessert was the best part of the meal. That gets an A+++ (had the molten chocolate cake, best dessert I've had in years) specially because they wrote a note in chocolate wishing us a happy anniversary. 
Right across the street from my favorite hotel, the Sofitel.BYOB on Friday nights is a rare opportunity for fine dining such as Davio's. Loved the food and the staff.We visited out of town from San Diego California. Our waiter Rene was outstanding. He suggested excellent wine pairings with our meals. He also personalized our dessert with a "go eagles" signature on our Molten lava cake dessert. He knew we were in town to see our eagles play :) The decor and ambiance of the resturant was warm, inviting and cozy, decorated beautifully for the holidays. We are usually big fans of del friscos but this place takes the cake. We ordered the halibut cooked perfectly and the shrimp fusille. We are definately going to be back when we are in town and may visit the other locations. Absolutely outstanding service, ambiance and value. Way to represent philadelphia! We were also surprised when we received the check. I was expecting it to be twice as much! Added bonus!We took our boss here for her bridal luncheon before Christmas. We were all dressed business professional and fit into the ambiance of the holiday season. We made our 12 pm reservation and were all seated immediately. The service is impeccable; our coats were checked, and chairs was pulled out and pushed in as we sat around the table for 12. The bread, was a fresh baked delicious assortment, and placed strategically on the table within everyone's reach. I ordered the small salad with tomatoes and cucumbers, and my entrée was the surf and turf with risotto. The steak was tender and juicy and the shrimp were a nice size. I would recommend this place if you are on a business lunch or for a special occasion.the steak is good but the greens were not washed and had sands in them...my mouth and teeth was full of sands...bad experience on such a high end restaurantI'm in love with this room. It's probably my favorite dining room in Philadelphia, since Butcher & Singer butchered The Striped Bass (sorry, it's ugly). It's so lovely and serene at Davio's. The windows, the lighting, those partitions that they can roll around for privacy. Love, love, love. 
The food and service are also really good. And apparently there is a BYOW night (not sure which - give a call) with no corkage fee. Seriously - a good deal for a traditionally priced steakhouse.I visited the restaurant during Valentines Day weekend 2018. Considering the rush of this particular holiday, I experienced exemplary customer service from the staff. Our waitress did a wonderful job of presenting the nightly specials and  describing the flavors of some of her favorite dishes. This restaurant also has a great BYOB special on Sundays.One of my favorite places in center city and favorite Greek places anywhere. Loved the fish, lamb and chicken. Country salad is a must get. The tomatoes are amazing and always fresh. it is like the salads i have had in italy and greece.Had breakfast there while staying at the Club Quarters. The food was gross and the server was a smart ass. I had two bites and left. Maybe that explains why there were only 2 other people there at 8:00AM.As my business travels frequently seem to place me in the city of brother love, I have come to know Davio's quite intimately, and have yet to be betrayed by anything other than an excellent time.    
First, as with several other restaurants in downtown Philadelphia, Davio's is in an old bank.   Beautiful wood floors, high ceilings, tall arched windows all add to the ambiance.    The restaurant is immaculate.   The aroma of Northern Italian cooking, intoxicating.  
Second, the food is outstanding.    Excellent pasta dishes, steaks, chicken, and seafood.  Nice selection of sides, too.  My personal favorite dish is the lamb chops.    Upon being seated a diverse selection of dips and breads will be placed before you which are so divine and engrossing, you may actually forget that you're there to order a meal!  Also, expect Davio's - as any good restaurant should do - to shake the menu up a bit as the season's change.   A nice touch.
Third, and this is perhaps where Davio's truly shines, is the service.   We're talking white-glove treatment without the pretentiousness.  A text-book example of how restaurant service should be:  attentive, without being overbearing.   Pleasant, knowledgeable, and truly appreciating of the customers are the wait staff.    And, that's something I appreciate.   
As for cost, I will disagree with others who say that the restaurant is expensive, and instead say that it is very reasonable for what you get.  And, if you go during restaurant week, expect a three course meal for a phenomenally low price.  Ultimately, Davio's serves meals for breakfast, lunch and dinner and regardless of whether you are eating there morning, noon, or night should expect nothing less than an excellent time.  
Reservations are recommended.Excellent! Ambiance is really nice. Bring your woman here! I brought my girl here and we had such an amazing experience. Fine Dining. Price is fair, u get what you pay for, if you want average meat go to McDonald's haha. I recommend this place for a nice romantic date in a not so quiet atmosphere.Davio's is located in the Club Quarters Hotel, so we visited several times while we were visiting Philadelphia.  We enjoyed their dinner service, a light supper, drinks at the bar, and a night cap in their lounge area in the bar.  Each time we experienced the service and quality one would expect in an establishment of this caliber.  
We arrived near closing on our first night in the hotel (Thursday) and chose to have a light supper at the bar.  The flat bread pizza was very tasty and satisfying.  My husband was pleased with the beer choices (both bottled and on tap) and the house cab was very tasty!  We took a glass of wine to go to our room and they provided a very generous pour!  Several times over the next four day we enjoyed cocktails or night caps on the couches in the lounge area of the bar.  None of those times did we choose to "dress" and were never made to feel unwelcome because of our more casual attire. 
We dined here one night and simply put, it was wonderful!  My husband had the salmon and I had the flat iron steak.  His fish was cooked to perfection, and my steak came out perfectly medium rare.  We both chose the potato leak soup ~ AMAZING!  And the accompanying dishes were definitely not a disappointment.  The wait staff was fabulous, each waiter made sure that every table and diner was cared for as if we each belonged exclusively to them.  If your server was occupied, another would appear to make sure every need was met, yet you didn't feel as if you were being hovered over.  
We can't wait until our next trip to the city (or another of the cities Davio's is in) so we can enjoy their services and food again!Considering myself a foodie maybe i should have known to not come to a white table cloth dinner but i must say if you yourself are a successful person who has no taste buds and likes to waste money on high end applebees food this is the restaurant for you. I understand when it comes to these restaurants you pay for service and i must say they do serve you very well 5 stars just for service i would do two stars for food but in my one and only experience when paying with cash me and my gf were made wait by the waiter and asked questions about your hometown, likings, why we are traveling here (coming from california) basically stalling to see if our money was real. On top of that we ordered the chicken with mashed potatoes and asparagus and the asparagus was burnt and just flipped over. Will never recommend and if you like food with tastes don't come here. sorry for my rant but looking out for my fellow foodies who travel for food.Happy freakin' brithday to me!!!!
Ok - I'm gonna do it.  I'm giving Davio's 5 stars.  I read all the yelp reviews before we went (and many were bad or just fair) - and I have to tell you - last night we had a true 5 star experience at Davio's.  Lemme break it down...  
Before last night's soiree I had pretty much ZERO desire to go here.  I walk by all the time and the menu seemed kinda small and boring and PRICEY as heck.  I wanted to go (and still want to go) to Butcher & Singer.  (And I will - one day.)
Our party of 7 (Originally to be 9) sat at a lovely LARGE round table, and our server (Rodolpho?  Renaldo?) was terrific and gave great expalnations and recommendations.  The space (a former bank) has high ceilings and gorgeous wood floors.  Chairs are big and COMFY.  First class all the way.
After a round of drinks (2 of my friends had drinks at the bar while waiting for the rest of us to arrive - but they were offered to sit at the table by the host had they so desired.) including Bellini Martini's (YUM) and Veuve Clicquot - simply perfection in a glass - we ordered or apps & entrees.
The round of apps included several standouts.  My friend LOVED the Philly Cheesesteak Spring rolls.  I had the beet salad - which I shared with a friend) and she shared her chicken livers - sauteed in balsamic with cherries.  Both were simply popping with flavor.  So great.
We also passed a big "honkin'" slab of Insalata Caprese around the table.  Now, I have had this salad (mozzarella & tomato) umpteen times in so many preparations - good, bad and indifferent.  This one was good - but not great.  The supposed "Buffala" mozz was fresh - but not as creamy as some.  The tomoto was a thickly cut beefsteak.  
I definitely reccomend the chicken liver app and the beet salad with lemon zest, walnuts & fresh micro-watercress.  Both "sang" on the palate.
My DH had pasta for his app - and I had 2 delectable bites.  One of the fresh tagliatelle (WOWZA!) and a second mouthfull of the thick, meaty bolognese.  I would order this again for sure.
Entrees were just as good as the apps with Osso Bucco, Shortribs, Ribeye Steak and RACK OF LAMB (Best in my opinion - and I ordered the osso bucco - BFF had the lamb) were standouts.  Fresh Branzino fillet was served atop a mound of risotto puttanesaca - rich with flavor.  My good vegetarian friend has angel hair arrabiatta - which he loved.  (But at $16 I would NEVER have ordered.)
Service between courses was perfectly timed.  Not too attentive, not too stand-offish.
Desserts ROCKed.  Yes, it's trite - but 3 out of 4 of the ladies (myself included) ordered the molten chocolate cake (allow 10-15 minutes for prep - we were in NO hurry).  Served with Vanilla Gelato - it was plate-lickin' worthy.  A friend had tiramisu - looked more like a layered torte - another had a luscious sour cherry tart - which was more like a glamorous muffin top.  (I happened to enjoy the bite I snagged of it.)  Last but not least 2 of the gents tried the rich, yet light & fruity lemon pudding.
We were all treated to a chocolate covered strawberry on each plate (which I requested).  Many of us had coffees - and I had a lovely cappucino (yes, I know that nobody in Italy drinks capp past 11 AM - but hey - I wanted one - and it was damned good.)
What a lovely evening.  Pricey as heck - and in my opinion this is a "special occaision" or "expense account" restaurant - but if some wants to take me here?  You bet I'm goin'!  And I fully intend to grab a girlfriend or two and order drinks & apps at the bar.  Those chicken livers are calling me...I came here during restaurant week. The restaurant has recess lights all over the ceiling and it was dim inside. 
Our table had bread plates and knives but we didn't get any bread. However, the odd thing was some tables were served bread, and some tables had a bowl of lemons. I asked for lemons to go with my water so I got sliced lemons - no bread. 
We ordered the duck spring rolls and my date didn't like it so I suggested he order something off the regular menu. He decided not to because he didn't want to wait. I'm glad we didn't order another app because we never saw our waiter again until our main entree came. He was MIA. There were several empty tables and it didn't look busy but maybe his section was busy. Our waiter was nice and attentive for the most part.
Duck spring rolls- It's 1 egg roll cut in half. It's made with cabbage,apples, and a spicy fig sauce. It had a nice balance of sweet, savory, and spicy.
Flat iron steak: The portions were small. My date and I both ordered ours medium well and both our steaks came out med rare. I didn't feel like waiting for them to cook mines longer so I stuck it out, my date sent his back and again it was stilllll med rare. He decided to just eat it and not send it back again. The gravy was also sweet and savory. It also came with mashed potatoes but it was a little too runny and thin- seasoned well however. The green beans were cooked perfectly.
Dessert sampler- Apple crumble was my favorite. It wasn't too sweet and had chunks of apples. Almond raspberry bar was ok. It had a sweet gelatin like texture on top of the pastry. The chocolate tart was pretty much chocolate candy with chocolate fudge sauce in the middle.
I appreciated the extra mile the server went with fixing the error with the steak. We were celebrating a milestone for my date and the server stuck a candle, berries, and "congratulations " on the dessert sampler- that was sweet.Went here for Valentine's Day . We had a 9:00 reservation we got there about 15 mins early so we had about a 20 minute wait. The place is decorated nice I was impressed, for some reason I didn't expect it to be so nice. Cheesesteak eggrolls are a must order , they were amazing. My steak was cooked to a perfect medium rare . The black pepper pop ups are ridiculously good and they are free , handed out before the meal . Pasta was cooked perfectly , hate when it's over cooked and  flavorless. Dessert  was decadent and guilt ridden lol. Can't wait to go back