I can't believe I haven't written a review before. This place is just terrific, and one of the main reasons I miss living around the corner from here.  Everything I've ever tried here has been spot-on, from the eggs benedict over smoked salmon with potato latkes, to the baked goods, or the baked eggs with sausage.  Excellent brunch.  The only downside (aside from the wait, if you show up after 10:30) is the fact that they could use one more staff person up front - one to take the names of the people waiting in line, and another to take the money of the people trying to pay and leave.  But food-wise, solid and amazing.Made an appearance in this place on Easter Sunday '18. Bc I literally am incapable of getting my shit together to go to brunch at a reasonable hour, the 2:30 closing time has been prohibitive in the past. On this particular day despite all of the shit I had to do, I said "fuck it" and managed to squeeze myself and my dining partner into a table at this joint at like 2pm. 
So basically long story short, I'm gross and basic and doing the keto diet now. After some serious indiscretions on the day prior, I needed to propel myself back on the bandwagon ASAP. Luckily reconciling both low carb and vegetarian there were a bunch of egg options. The omelette with sun-dried tomatoes, goat cheese, and spinach was my go-to. Dining partner ordered this like eggs benedict with, and I suggest sitting down rn, POTATO LATKES INSTEAD OF ENGLISH MUFFIN! Probably in honor of passover. Holy shit what a fucking concept. 
Omelette was good and enjoyable. Not the best thing of my life. Not something where I would go out of my way to recommend or return for but satisfying. Those potatoes looked heavenly and I just had to sample one little baby tater cube which tasted as good if not better than its appearance. According to dining partner, the eggs benedict was amazing. 
Believe it or not I did not consume any alcohol during this meal. Main reason for that being this place doesn't have alcohol. Service was good too/people were nice and all that good shit.THAT STUFFED FRENCH TOAST THO.
One of my fears with starting my day with French Toast is the inevitable food coma that topples me over for the rest of the day.
Not the case with this beautiful dish. The amount is perfect to split with a friend/date so it's not overwhelming. 
Waiter was very nice about letting us switch over to nice window seating after we ordered.
Just an overall friendly place to be with exceptional brunch!Love going to brunch here!  Perfect location and I like the "family" atmosphere, not stuffy or pretentious.  The baked goods are delicious and my favorite thing to order is the potato pancakes benedict, AMAZING.  They also do take-out, which I have ordered and to treat myself to brunch in bed :)
Only downside is that during the busier hours there can be a long wait.  But that's only a sign of how good this place is.I saw people were waiting outside of the restaurant all the time. This place must be good I thought. Maybe I picked the wrong dish. I enjoyed my stuffed challah French toast but I wouldn't wait more than 10 min to eat it again. That was right after my mind blowing experience at Sabrina cafe's stuffed french toast so Day by Day one didn't do much for me.... 
My parter of scavenger hunt got burger. He enjoyed and finished all but hasn't asked me go back there yet so I guess it is solid 3 star place.Probably one of my favorite brunch places in Philly. This one gets five stars because the food is really high quality and there isn't such a huge wait like at Green Eggs. They also give a lot of food haha. I recommend coming here on saturday at 9:30am - right when it opens. It's quiet, and you're guaranteed to get seats. Got the sweet potato chorizo hash and it's sweet and spicy! Loved it.My friend Andy and his boyfriend were in town for a wedding and they suggested we go to Day to Day, because it was close to the hotel where they were staying.  The place was very busy but it was only a short wait until we were able to be seated.  The waitress came and got our drink orders quite quickly but then we said we needed another minute.  She came back and we still weren't ready so she said she would come back but then it was a really long time before she finally came back to take our orders.  All of the food options looked like good quality, although there was only a handful of items that I personally was interested in.  A lot of stuff seemed to unnecessarily include bacon, which I don't like.  The menu was also quite confusing.  The menu listed on yelp, on their website, and in the restaurant were all very different.  Online there was a "lunch menu" which included a burger, which is what I wanted to order.  Despite it being 1pm when we went there, there was no "lunch" menu offered so I couldn't get the burger.  I ended up getting huevos rancheros and potato pancakes, both of which I split with my girlfriend.  The potato pancakes ($9) were really delicious, although you only got three small pancakes.  I would have expected more for the price.  The huevos rancheros ($11) were so-so.  I enjoyed them but I've had much better.  It certainly wasn't worth the price.
So in all I had an okay experience but probably wouldn't go back again because the prices are just too high compared to how much I enjoyed the food.Had to knock a star off after a handful of trips to this place, it's just not a five star restaurant.  The food is good, and menu varied, but there are little things that are starting to bother me:
 - nasty stains inside the coffee mugs
 - the low quality plastic table cloths
 - the lack of crab in my girlfriend's crab omelette
 - the way my burger was about 70% of the size of the bun, leaving way too much room for toppings to slide all over the place.
I'll keep coming back but I think a lack of competition keeps this place from being a real dynamite brunch spot.Day by Day is a good brunch option that is a little removed from the craziness of bustle of Rittenhouse, but there is plenty of bustle within this restaurant, partly driven by the patrons waiting around for a table due to the no-reservations policy. On my first visit, we loved the Potato Pancakes Benedict and one of the many daily specials, blintzes. More recently, we tried more lunch-y items, including the BLT and the Pulled Pork special, which were a little lackluster. I'll be back, but will stick to the breakfast menu.Came here for lunch on a weekday...which was probably a mistake as all the reviews and amazing pics were of brunch items. I got the Oven Fried Chicken Salad with Buttermilk dressing, the sis also got a salad with tuna and minestrone soup; both salads were just underwhelming. My salad was basically romaine topped with what tasted like prepackaged Applegate chicken strips and honey mustard dressing.  Stick to brunch options on weekends and can't recommend their salads.Live it up day by day! Okay so here's the run down of Day by Day. It's a cute little cafe on 21st and Sansom so it's on the edge of center city meaning parking isn't too horrific. I found street parking right next to the restaurant.
On a Thursday afternoon at around 1pm it was pretty crowded in the sense where all the tables were taken and it was only a 5 minute wait for a party of 5.
When my party was about to order, we were informed that they only had Italian bread left for sandwiches (only changed one of my friends mind). So I ordered the brunch burger being the burger connoisseur I am and the iced tea. My friends ordered the herbal iced tea and the were not a fan. The burger I asked for it to be prepared medium to medium well and it was pretty well done which was a bit of a disappointment. For a $12 burger I think you can imagine how sad I was. Moving on, the roasted potatoes did not seem like anything special. The roasted pork sandwich with broccoli rabe looked to be on the dry side as well. The compose salad was a great pic. The pasta salad was great, and the carrot portion was very interesting with the mix of peanuts and raisins. I was impressed with that combination.
At the end of the meal there is a 20% gratuity added on for parties of 5 and more which I guess is understandable for a smaller restaurant.
Would I eat here again, definitely. Although probably not too soon.Great brunch with a constantly changing list of specials and baked goods with interesting ingredients/delicious combinations. The food itself is good but nothing really blew my mind after reading the rave reviews. The place is really popular though and there's always a crowd of people outside waiting on the weekends.Definitely a cute brunch spot in the Philadelphia area. The menu isn't super extensive, but there are definitely some gems on the menu and I'd love to go back soon!
I came here earlier this year with 2 friends and split the following: banana bread french toast, puffed pancake with seasonal fruit, and potato pancakes benedict. I'd definitely recommend the banana bread french toast- I feel like it tastes uniquely good. The puffed pancake was good, but the center was a little too soft, mushy and "eggy" for me. The potato pancakes benedict (which is usually the #1 hit for other people) was really good as well, even though I loved the banana bread french toast more.
It gets really crowded and can be kind of noisy at peak times, but it is definitely still a great spot if you're looking for a solid brunch place in Philly!Long wait but totally worth it! Delicious food, and the coffee is great (dark and strong).  
My girlfriend and I went for brunch.  I got the potato pancakes with smoked salmon and eggs Benedict and it was perfect.  I would definitely return, and if you don't mind waiting (it was 45min for us), this is a solid choice in the area.We were very upset with Day by Day.  They took more than 45 minutes to bring our food (people who came after us got served before) and the server had an attitude problem.  She basically said she couldn't control the kitchen.  As we were in a bit of a rush, we had to gobble the food down in 5 minutes.  At some point (perhaps to compensate) they brought us some coffee cake and, when asked, told us it didn't have nuts.  Thank God I tried it first, realised it was loaded with walnuts and stopped my daughter from eating it.  It could've killed her as she has a life-threatening allergy to tree nuts.  This place is dangerous, and the staff gets nasty if you dare question anything.  Even the manager was unresponsive.One of my absolute favorites for brunch.  There is almost always a 15-45 minute wait, but they will call or text you when your table is ready, so I usually walk down the street to a coffee shop and have a cuppa to kill time.  There are also small pastry samples at the register to keep anyone from fainting while they wait.
Get the basket of breakfast pastries.  Don't ask questions, just get it.
My personal favorites are the eggs over sweet potato and chorizo hash and potato pancakes benedict.
Seating can be tight at times, and it can be somewhat warm in here during the hottest days of summer, but it is still worth it.  Service is consistently excellent.  They take cards.  Plan to do a little strolling or shopping when you're done, because you will need to walk it off.
Happy brunching!While Day By Day is a bit lacking in atmosphere, the food and service are reliably good and often great. One crowded weekend brunch, I didn't hear my name called when our table was ready and we ended up waiting longer than necessary. When we realized what had happened, not only was the host very apologetic, but we were comped some delicious baked goods. I especially recommend the potato pancakes, the stuffed French toast special, and the chorizo hash (not on the menu but seems to be a frequent special).Had lunch with a friend on an outside table.  The salmon in philo dough was amazing, delicious.  Best lunch I've had in a long time.  Waitress was very nice and brought everything quickly.Back again for a wonderful $11.50 Honey Fried Chicken Tossed Salad lunch with that exquisite buttermilk dressing.  LOVE it!
Service is always great - and the Fish of the Day was Trout served with a delicious roasted asparagus and quinoa salad.
Kudos to Wendy, Jackie and the wonderful team at Day by Day.
We love it!Holy smokes, this place is good. They make all the classic brunch foods flawlessly, and their unique takes on pretty standard dishes are to-die-for! We stumbled upon this place one winter morning, and realized we might have found something special based on the wait time (which was a little long). I felt bad for the patrons sitting by the door, as people were constantly letting freezing air inside. But once we tasted our dishes, we realized why so many brave the cold for a seat here. I had the pumpkin cream-filled french toast, with maple-roasted pecans on top. Delicious! My friend had a really tasty take on eggs benedict, with lump crab and avocado. I strongly recommend giving this place a try, and don't forget to look at the specials on the wall!Excellent! The owner, Robin, was attentive- her staff courteous and on time with the great LaColumbe coffee-
My date had the stuffed French Toast with Cherries Cheese and Chocolate- I had the Hamburger on a Brioche style bun and it was out of this world. Really just a great meal with excellent wait staff.
We will definitely return for Lunch or Dinner given the chance.This place definitely doesn't need any more word of mouth from me, but I'm feeling a bit nostalgic for my old apartment on 21st and Locust, and wanted to leave my mark.
Get there early on Saturday/Sunday (no later than 11AM) to avoid the line.  If you had too much to drink the night before and can't saunter out until afternoon, it's worth the wait, particularly for small groups.  It's very tight in there, but the food is phenomenal.  I love the vegan breakfast burrito and the banana bread french toast--YUM.Came here around 1:30 on a Friday with one other person and we were lucky enough to immediately get seated.  I noticed after we sat that people were waiting quite a bit for a table.  I liked the big windows and the split level of the restaurant because it made it feel bigger than it actually was.  However, we were sitting somewhat close to the front and it was COLD! I had to wear my scarf and Northface jacket while eating because my t-shirt wasn't warm enough.  I saw another woman at a table near me doing the same.  I'm a big fan of eggs Benedict so I decided to try something a little different with the poached eggs florentine.  I didn't like the combination of flavors as much as I like eggs  Benedict, but it still was really good. They normally come on a biscuit, but they sold out so I opted for wheat bread instead.  The one thing I really like about this place is that they finally have biscuits as a side!! I never understood why restaurants wouldn't consider biscuits a side, and the ones here are pretty cheap too.  I can't wait to try them the next time I'm here.  
Our waiter was knowledgable about the food items and friendly, I just wish he had filled up our waters and coffees a bit more often ( I drink a lot of water).  You also pay up front at the register, which I really like because it can make splitting the bill easier.  There were a bunch of things on the menu that I wanted to try, so I'll definitely be back here.I am surprised this place has 4 stars. The food is NOT THAT GREAT. Come on guys! I came here on Sunday for brunch to find hairs and an unclean table, a nonchalant waiter and very very dry muffins. Let's just say I am never coming here again!Great brunch this morning. Service was good. Food was hot and tasty. Nice atmosphere.I'm a big fan of Day By Day (though sometimes I forget about it...) so whenever someone suggests going I'm always really excited by the prospect. I came last Sunday at around 11am with a friend who was visiting from DC. The wait was just about 15 minutes for a table. 
I ordered the sweet potato and chorizo hash, and my friend ordered a baked eggs dish (a special of the day). The hash was yummy and came with a runny egg on top and toast (and quite large - which is great because leftovers!) My friend really enjoyed her meal as well. 
I'm always happy with what I get at Day By Day, (though never blown away, hence the 4 stars). Overall it's a great pick for a weekend brunch (especially because the large windows mean it's always beautifully sunny!)We love Day by Day for brunch!  My husband and I went here the day after our wedding before leaving on our honeymoon and we've made it an annual tradition.  The staff is great, the menu is wonderful, and they make the best (really, the only) potatoes that I've ever enjoyed with my eggs.  So tasty!
The only downside is that I'm not alone in my love, as the wait can be long on the weekend.Excellent brunch spot.  So many specials that the mind reels with possibilities.  As with all brunch spots, get there early (10 am opening) to get a table.  It's worth it.  Egg dishes and french toast were highlights. And once, when the line was especially long, the owner passed out some fresh baked goods to make the wait more bearable.Went on a Saturday morning. Corned Beef Benedict as one of the brunch specials was delicious. Busy but quick to be seated. A great variety for brunch, multiple options.Breakfast was outstanding! The staff at the restaurant was running around constantly and this made service fast but not rushed. There were around 10 tickets ahead of us and our order only took about 15 minutes. 
Our waiter was very nice and checked on us a few times. For a place that was so busy my water and coffee were never below half full. 
The only thing was my sausage was a little cold and the grease had gelled but overall it was a very good breakfast.I went here on a Saturday for Brunch. They seated us immediately. I got the avocado toast which was so fresh and so tasty as was the coffee. The service was great. The location is very convenient. I'll definitely be going back again!Looong wait on a Sunday morning but worth it!
BEST biscuit I have ever had.  For real.
I had the eggs florentine which was sort of deconstructed - it was delish.
Servers and host were really nice.
Price pretty average for brunch.  So happy we stuck around to be seated!Great food, friendly staff. We're newer to area and from the west coast trying to find a place here with good Mexican or southwest food has been a challenge. This place has the best Huevos Rancheros we've had in Philly! Flavorful, nice amount of heat, fresh ingredients. They also had very well flavored challah french toast with berries and cream cheese, sweet without being overly sweet, fresh berries. Although line at the door, friendly staff to handle and relatively quick handling of turning over tables for seating. Our only complaint was the air conditioning. ..not giving off enough to really keep things cool, and on a hot muggy day, that made it a little challenge. As we are new here, not sure if this is the case for many restaurants in the area. We're used to 112 degrees where not having strong air conditioner is a deal breaker, so it's a matter of perspective. We will definitely return, as overall it was a great experience.This was absolutely the best brunch I have ever had.  We ordered one of everything on the menu between the 4 of us.  We were blown away.  The only thing we were actually a little let down by were the hyped up cinnamon rolls.  However, everything else was actually amazing (french toast, huevos rancheros...the list goes on) and we did not leave disappointed.  The service was excellent and friendly.My favorite part of Day By Day is that they take their baked goods very seriously - not nearly enough places do this! Definitely try the "jawn" any "jawn" really. An invention by one of their bakers that will not disappoint you. Every baked good is perfection though!
Their food is delicious as well, you can find so many of your favorite meals with an unique twist on their menu.This was a great place for brunch! The staff was friendly and attentive, the restaurant itself was clean, and the service was fast and affordable. We tried the lemon mascarpone challah French toast with berry sauce- decadent and delicious, the spinach, Canadian bacon, and cheddar quiche- savory and tasty, and the beef burger with blue cheese and bacon (not pictured)- absolutely delicious. Definitely will be coming back here to try more!I found out about Day by Day when I searched on Yelp for places to eat brunch near Trader Joe's. I'm so glad that I found this place! I had the eggs over chorizo with sweet potato hash and it was amazing. 
The chorizo had just the right amount of kick to it and the combination of that with the sweet potato was very nice. It was also a lot more than I expected. I ate around 1:30pm and didn't get hungry again until 7:30pm. 
The prices were also decent. The only thing I didn't like about the place was that it didn't really feel like a brunch place based on the ambience. It was a little crowded but we were seated right away. 
I would definitely love to return soon!I've recently become vegan (don't worry it's only temporary) and I thought I would have some more options here. The server reccomended the winter hash without egg. 
The flavors were there but the portion size was very small and I wasn't able to get toast even becuase their toast options were not vegan. I felt like I was eating a side dish for a main course, it certainly wasn't worth $12. It seemed like the other meals people around me were getting looked plentiful and delicious but maybe this just isn't the place for Vegans.It was a 20-30 minute wait for our table but one of our friends was running a little late so they didn't allow us to be seated. But they were able to quickly get us a table once she arrived! The food was pretty good. I had the Challah French Toast but when it came out, there was no fruit sauce as described in the menu. When I asked the waitress what happened, she didn't seem to recognize that it was supposed to come with it. I do like that it was BYOB though.Decided to check this place out late on a Sunday morning, as expected they were quite busy but the wait was only about 10 minutes. Unfortunately, the people working there were clearly stressed and swamped and understaffed. After being seated it took about 15 minutes for someone to come and offer water and take our drink and food orders. After another 20 minutes with no coffee in site we decided to leave and asked the cashier up front to have our order to go. She made a rude comment about us being an inconvenience since we had sat down but were now leaving. Paid and left tip anyway since the server was nice and trying his best. But I can't get over the rudeness of that cashier so I won't be coming back and wouldn't recommend it.While amazing food, the staff, ownership, and service was absolutely horrible.  1) There was no room to stand while waiting for a table, 2) multiple groups of two were sat in front of our group of four when they could have pushed two tables together 3) When we informed the waiter that he got a part of our order wrong, he was openly rude to our table twice  4) When management was informed, they threw a fit over removing the item from the bill and defended the waiter for being rude to us.  Even with its amazing food, I will never return to this establishment as there are too many customer friendly options in Center City.There food really wasn't that good. Over priced, and the managers attitude is overbearingly condescending. The overall quality of the customer experience would rank at 2 out of 10. Hard to get much worse.I love Day by Day cafe. The owner and her kids (who help out on the weekends) are always around for brunch and after recognizing that I'm there almost every weekend, offer me tastes of their baked good "experiments" to ask my opinion (love contributing to a place I adore!). Their baked goods are out of this world; I think the daughter mostly makes them. Omelets and quiches are really good, but the stuff challah french toast is divine! They also brew La Colombe which is a plus. Nothing better than an iced coffee, blueberry-lemon french toast, and the New York Times Sunday crossword in their outdoor seating. Bliss!Walking in, it feels like the neighborhood diner was plucked out of the suburbs and dropped in center city, just with much less room. The lineup of desserts on display at the front counter, the traditionally simple wooden furniture, and the ability to fit more tables than one could imagine without it getting too clustered. 
It's a popular spot that will definitely have a wait for brunch on the weekend, yet the meal doesn't feel rushed at all. In fact, quite the opposite, brunch here feels like it's supposed to take a while, to have the additional cup of coffee or two.
I'd definitely recommend the eggs over sweet potato chorizo hash. One of my favorite brunch dishes in Philly so far. Hearty, filling, and a great combination. And reasonably priced too.I downloaded this app in order to write this review.  The service was as poor as anywhere I have had.  The food was Ok but certainly not worth the managers attitude.I have only been for brunch so I can't speak to catering or other meals but for brunch it is pretty good. I like that this place isn't pretentious or too expensive and the food is delicious. Everything is fresh and original. I strongly suggest getting here when they open on the weekends or you will have to wait.A bit of an overrated place. They're are great places in Philly. Why is the line always long here? 
The menu is not that inventive. While the prices are standard for brunch, you'd be better off going to a more interesting place --- Honey's, Pub and Kitchen, Sabrina's, any of those Philly standards. 
I had the puffed pancake which was basically a dutch baby. It was good but definitely make-at-home-able.Well-executed breakfast classics at reasonable prices in an inviting space.
I'm not a morning person and like to wake up as late as I possibly can before leaving for work, which has led to a life largely devoid of omelets, toast, and waffles. Therefore, I'm very thankful for brunch, and, in particular, this brunch.
I had the eggs florentine. The eggs were wonderfully poached, leaving the yolks runny and the whites barely done. The spinach retained much of its characteristic bitterness, which I like. Best of all, the potatoes arrived at the table, well-seasoned, at the same temperature as the eggs, spinach, and everything else. That never happens!I'll start by saying that food itself is good. Easily 4 or 5 starts. Unfortunately service is not even close to it. First hostess was very unprofessional. It took her about 5-7 minutes to add us to the list!!! and I believe a person or two sneaked to it before us in a crowd. Then we told a waiter that we have about 25m to eat as I have to go to the airport. He said we should be fine. Ended up getting our food in 20m. Hello? A couple next to us ordered a couple of minutes before but was served at least 10m faster. We were open to order something else. 
Anyway potatoes pancakes Benedict were delicious. If you have a lot of time for a brunch and do not mind a lot of noise (tables are a top of each other - the couples next to us talked very loud) it is a good option. Order or gangs juice. Bring champagne. Enjoy
As for a place - just order a more professional staff!The food at Day by Day is great. The waitstaff are amazing. But I've now been inconvenienced twice by the older woman (manager? owner?) who can't seem to work the NoWait program they use for their waitlist for Sunday brunch. I have downloaded the app, because it's convenient, and use it to follow the parties in front of me so that I can pop back in when the line has shortened up. But the last two times I did this, I got the confirmation message from the app but no text/call from the restaurant when my name hit the top of the queue. Both times I ended up going in after the allotted amount of time had passed to see how much longer it would be only to be told that I had already been called. After showing them my phone, the lack of texts and call, and that I did have the app I ended up waiting an extra fifteen minutes to be seated.
I get it, technology is tough, but if MadMex in University City can successfully use NoWait, then I don't know why Day by Day can't.
My servers both times that my party and I got unceremoniously skipped were great. And the food? ALWAYS delicious.
But I'm really annoyed that I may have to find a new brunch spot because of how poorly the front of house runs.Food was alright. Service was a little weird. Not worth the wait for me, but I'd try it again.Service was good though it was extremely packed. Went on Saturday around 11am, line already outside and was able to grab a seat in 5 mins because I noticed a table outside was open so we got lucky; otherwise, it would be an hr wait. Food looks food and tastes amazing.. Normal price and have interesting brunch specials. Great place for a relaxing brunch :)It has the vibes of an upscale diner, but the food was underwhelming and bland. I would not suggest it to a friend, but I would also not badmouth it.  It was a solidly average experience.  On a high note, the coffee was fresh and the wait staff was very efficient at refilling my mug.I'd give it between a 2.5 and 3. There's nothing really special about this place I split a eggs Benedict classic and the potato pancakes variety. The potatoes were bland and the portion was a bit small. I asked for an OJ with my food and it came when I was all done. A bit overpriced for what it is.I have to admit I wasn't impressed. Even my friends who aren't foodie snobs had to agree it wasn't anything special. Theres nothing really wrong with it but its nothing to write to home about. 
We sat outside and they were kind to my dog by providing cold water. However they lost our order (they figured this out an hour later) and took it again. Our food came out in 15 minutes which we devoured in 5 minutes. It was OK. As an apology our waitress didn't charge us for one of the meals so it was a buy two get one free type of deal. I'm cool with that.Great food!  Great d service...  Not overrated!  Not even a wake for Saturday brunch!Gosh, where does one even begin to the describe the horribleness of my first--and definitely only--trip to Day By Day?
The glacial pace of the service? The fact that my food came out barely lukewarm? The fact that my food probably would still have been bad if it were served piping hot? The fact that I probably could not tell the difference between the "chorizo" I was served and mild Jimmy Dean sausage in a taste test? The fact that it took 45 minutes to be seated (after being quoted 20), despite the fact that nearly 1/3 of the tables in the place were inexplicably empty? They seemed to be severely understaffed, although I fear that is only part of the problem.I like this breakfast/brunch/lunch place because it reminds me somewhat of a California eatery.  It offers outdoor seating which you can take advantage of on a nice day, and its menu is posted on a wall for customers to see advertising a daily brunch special.  These details give the place a hipster vibe.  I've been here twice (or three times; I can't quite recall) - on my first visit I ordered an iced coffee (which uses La Colombe coffee beans) with a salad (I ordered it with grilled chicken, and it contained goat cheese, roasted peppers, mushrooms, and spinach for its greens) and it was fairly tasty.  The balsamic vinaigrette tasted homemade.  
I also ordered stuffed French toast with hot coffee during my second visit.  The portion was a bit heavy for my tastes and the mascarpone cheese which was sandwiched between two slices of syrup-infused toast was certainly very rich.  I finished only 1/3 of the plate and took the rest home.  It wasn't too terrible to eat later on when I got hungry.
The people are pretty friendly and the place offers baked goods as well which I'm curious to try on a future visit.  The heartier breakfast items seemed to look tasty from what I saw other customers order.  Unfortunately, the place closes around 2-3 P.M.  I wouldn't mind getting their salad for dinner.
Service: A-
Taste: B+We came here on a saturday morning for brunch. I immediately liked the atmosphere. Fairly modern, very bright, and decent spacing between tables for a Philly brunch place. However, the food was mediocre. I had the lox, cream cheese, and onion scrambler. I had to add salsa picante to it to jazz up the flavor, something I rarely do. To sum it up best, this place brought out my Maroney face.Gosh the brunch here is good!
Like any normal brunch-lover, I usually struggle over whether to get sweet (pancakes) or savory (eggs). And I almost always end up getting pancakes, but feeling like there's a... certain something... missing (protein).
But Day by Day offers the perfect solution. The freshly baked cinnamon rolls are SO FREAKING GOOD, that starting off with one before ordering the eggs benedict, say, gives you the perfect balance of sweet and savory. The fresh muffins are also to die for! (Much better than Morning Glory, alas.)I have a really bad brunch experience with this restaurant. There was a waitress automatically adding 20% tips in our bill and her attitude was really bad. Thanks to one of the friends checking out the bill or we could pay 20% tips for totally unreasonable services. Be cautious.I visited this restaurant for brunch for the first time today. I thought it was quite a lovely ambience both inside and outside; I sat outside. 
The food was very good. I had the poached florentine; though not the best florentine I've had (mainly because the dish was under-salted), it tasted great and the presentation was very appealing. My friend had the sun-dried tomatoes and goat cheese omelette, which he said tasted just right.  
I will certainly he heading back here to try out the other things on the menu; they have a pretty extensive brunch menu.A late breakfast stop while on vacation. The food was good, the service was good. The food was normal brunch food - we had the chorizo sweet potato hash (she said she would get it again) the fish platter - so much fresh veggies, and the eggs Benedict - which was average .... The potatoes were delish.Day by day was good and I liked it, but overall nothing to write home about. For how cute the menu seems, the inside doesn't really match. I'd recommend eating outside if you have the chance. Service was nice but very slow, but I don't blame them for being slow for a weekend brunch. Menu is small but not too small...sufficient for breakfast. I liked that they had more exciting items than just the typical eggs and pancakes. I ordered the huevos rancheros which were good but not worth the $14, which was kind of a lot for breakfast. It was flavorful but something (maybe the salsa?) made the sauce on the bottom reallyyyyy watery. Overall with so many cute brunch places in Philly I doubt I'd come again, but I didn't have a bad experience at all.If you are looking for amazing, creative cuisine for breakfast or brunch, a nice, chill vibe, and expert staff that don't make you feel like you are in their way, go to Day by Day. 
Our table had oatmeal raisin pancakes, latkes Benedict, and a big farmhouse breakfast, all of it deliciously prepared and served up fast and hot. 
Being a tea drinker, I would have liked a little more attention to be paid to this area, but all in all it was a great experience. I'm telling all my friends!I heard wonderful things about this restaurant, but I have to disagree. I've been here several times for brunch and each time my eggs (omelettes) have been runny. I'm not saying they were a little jiggly, they were full on gooey & falling apart. My potatoes were coated in heavy grease & tons of rosemary. The bread is the saving grace of the place, although I have to say the waffles are sub-par.
If you go before 11 am it shouldn't be too tough to get in.I'm so sad, because the meal I just had doesn't reflect how beloved and popular this restaurant is. 
I had the cauliflower, rosemary, and gruyere omelet.  It came with multigrain toast, roasted rosemary potatoes, and a slice of orange.  The plate looked a little lackluster, but I'm more about taste than looks anyway, so I didn't care.
The omelet had a few pieces of cauliflower through it and a tiny bit of cheese.  For $12 I was expecting more.  The coffee wasn't great, and I wasn't expecting it to cost $3.50 for sure.  I wasn't offered a refill, so that's pretty darn pricey.  The potatoes were what I came for, and they were really disappointing.  Clearly reheated, with some tough and chewy outsides, super salty, and a few pieces were so burnt I couldn't eat them, which is saying a lot.  I mean, so burnt that the texture of the potato changed and nearly disintegrate when I tried to bite it.
With tip (since the service was great and the staff is so nice), this was a $20 meal.  If I ever go again I'm going to go for something sweet, to see if maybe that's what keeps people coming back.This place is right up there if not the best brunch spots in Philly. It gets packed every weekend, just to give you a heads up. So it's a hit or miss on if you're seated immediately. But if you have to wait, it's usually not as long as their estimated waiting time because they seat people quite efficiently and quickly. Anyway our meal hit the spot. Me and my girlfriend both had the big breakfast. The meal itself is self explanatory (pancakes, eggs, bacon, toast, potatoes).Nonetheless, it was amazing. The lady that runs or owns the place, greeted us and came by to get our plates. She was very friendly with us. Appreciate when someone in a manager/owner position shows us great hospitality.I've only eaten one thing here because it was so good I didn't want to try anything else: their open faced breakfast sandwich. It's scrambled eggs with bacon and cheddar cheese on top of a toasted croissant. Oh man! So delicious. They also have a nice outside seating area which I have sat in once on a nice sunny day.I really like this place! I got the shashuka and it was delicious - light and oh so savory. I tend to oscillate between how to approach brunch. Sometimes, I just want good food - and sometimes I just want a lot of food. The portions at Day by Day are filling, but may be on the smaller side. Getting two entrees for two people is definitely enough, but that is it - it's enough.  It's great place to eat some delicious food, maybe not the best place to gorge on as much food as possible.Had about a 30 minute wait for Sunday brunch during the peak hours. Good assortment of different types of menu items: burritos, Eggs Benedict, sweet potato hash, omelettes, breakfast platters, etc. Ordered the Reuben Benedict. Quality cut corned beef, sauerkraut, runny eggs, and perfectly crafted hollandaise sauce on rye. Service can be a little spotty during peak times.I was in town for the weekend and my friends love Day by Day so they insisted it was the place to brunch. My friends have had almost everything on the menu and assured me that I couldn't go wrong. I got one of their special scramblers and it was phenomenal! The eggs I got had crab, asparagus, and gruyere, absolutely delicious. The rosemary potatoes that came on the side... to die for. I will definitely be returning the next time I'm in the city!Wow, was it disgusting. Or maybe I was just lucky to get the chef who thought hollendaise sauce is brothy with chunks of powder in it. Mmmmm.Day by day is consistently the best brunch and lunch spot in the city. Amazing food, accommodating staff and a warm environment. Never ever disappointed! (And don't dare skip the baked goods. They're to die for).From reading the reviews here, we knew we were lucky when we saw many patrons were paying and had empty tables. We just caught the change of tables time and were seated in 15 minutes or so. The system of putting your name down is pretty chaotic though. Hope they'll change that soon. We ordered the eggs over chorizo and sweet potato hash and potato pancakes Benedict. Definitely recommend the sweet potato hash. Free coffee refills.THE SHORT VERSION:  
Get there early -  Long wait,   good food, good for dates - family - limited seating, Average dish 9$, 
suggestions: Sausage n' Cornbread Special
Rate: 7.5/10 i'd go back but if i wanted something different than the usual spots. 
If you can withstand the long wait, Day by Day has a pretty decent brunch especially for the prices.  There are many choices on the menu including different specials offered every weekend.  
As we waited outside, with the other 6 parties who were told 10 min. we smirked delightfully at the trios of dishes that would leave lingering images on our tounges.  45 min later.. Finally.. seats.. 
We were placed at the center, perfect spot to dish out what looked good.. surprisingly, maybe not so much, there were a large number of people without plates.  Then sporatically 1 2 3 4, dishes out.. and then finally the waiter greeted us. 
I opted for the spicy tomato salsa, sausage, with cornbread.  Alongside, a salmon omlette with dill creme sauce.  My partner got the whitefish platter- another special of the day.  The waiter was pleasant, the atmosphere a buzz of activity, but not loud enough that you couldn't get lost in conversation with that special someone you're dining with on a sunday.  20 min. later. Food.  
For 9.50$ each the plates were well portioned, especially when you count the actual quality of the food.  Out of the three dishes i rate the sausage and cornbread a great 8- i'd recommend it in a heartbeat, the salmon omlette a 7- only good if you love that dill flavor, (FYI Must try.. THE ROSEMARY BLISS POTATO as a side! 9), and the whitefish platter - 6 b/c  i'd rather have white fish as sushi or baked  and not used for a "tuna sandwich".  
A cup of coffee and the bill was.. 31$ all together or so.. For 3 dishes mind you.  
I'd eat here again, but it wouldn't be my first choice because of the wait, and the fish platters.  As i said, expect a wait.  Overall.. 1-10 - Day by day gets an 7.5.Food is very good. Waitstaff is friendly. However, we had a subpar experience with the hostess and manager upon getting seated. When we told them we didn't want a specific table right by where everyone enters and rests their elbows, we were looked straight in the face and asked "seriously?!" Do I look like I'm joking? Not professional. But we will be coming back for the food.Huge place inside with seating outside.  For some reason, I thought this place was a spa for the longest time.  Turns out, lots of law students come here for brunch.  Overall, just ok.  Maybe we just came on an off day or it was the obnoxiously loud woman sitting next to us outside airing all her dirty laundry to her brunchmate but the food was not memorable and I thought the portions were on the small side.  The ingredients seem fresh but the dishes lack flavor overall.  They had an interesting specials selection but not sure if I'll come back here again.It started well over a year ago. My girlfriend and I were discussing the "m" word, and decided it might be a fun idea to begin looking for places to hold ceremony/reception. We found our venue, and with the venue came a few "approved" catering places. First one we tried was Day By Day.
Stephen was friendly, and made us feel like our day was the most important one out of all the events he was catering. The pricing per person was excellent, and they way he described how this was our day and we can modify/create any meal plan we wanted to was the added bonus we needed to use them.
Leading up to the wedding, he kept in contact with us, making sure everything was a go.
The day of the wedding, he, Polly, and the rest of the Day by Day staff were friendly, and made sure everything was going as smooth as butter. 
The food itself was heavenly. Everything was cooked on-site and tasted delicious. All the guests raved about the food.
Highly recommend these guys to anyone who is looking for a caterer, not only for a wedding, but for any other function.I had gone here this morning. I had a party of 8 and made reservations for 11:00. Got there right at 11:00 and were not seated till about 11:30. Finally we got seated and service was pretty swell. The waitress brought everything requested, although she could of been in a better mood. The food was alright. I personally work in a dinner as a waitress in a local suburb and preferred the eggs Benedict at my work. I got my eggs benedict and there was hardly any hollandaise and not to mention it came out luke warm. I asked for extra hollandaise and it was like paste and cold. I almost thought it was honey mustard dressing. For a 10$ breakfast dish I expected a little better. The pastries are really good however and so are the pancakes. I really enjoyed the coffee, the waitress kept filling it up. The best part of anything I had was the wheat toast. I never had better toast in my life. It was homemade from a fresh local bakery. I even went to the bakery and picked up a loaf for $5. Over all it wasn't bad, just don't think the eggs benedict is there fortay.This place had very good food. The wait times were not too insane for Sunday brunch and they were relatively fast with service. They could have been better about refilling our waters, but that is a small thing. The simple scrambled eggs were amazing, just slightly brown in parts but evenly cooked. The mascarpone-lemon curd French toast my S.O got was spectacular. I got potato pancakes that were almost too crunchy on the outside rim and too undercooked on the inside, but we're still very tasty especially with the sour cream and apple sauce. The relative serving size of everything though was confusing. The French toast came with two huge pieces each cut in half, which could easily serve two people if bought with a side of eggs or fruit. The potato pancakes on the other hand were pretty small and there were only three of them. For me, it wasn't quiet enough food, but lucky I could steal some French toast.This place is so good! They don't change things for you but that's ok because everything is good. Example I asked for my potatoes to be extra well done and they said they couldn't do that... Not sure why but they were cooked to perfection and super tasty! My boyfriend got the special of Ruben eggs Benedict and WOW fantastic!! I got an omelet and again cooked to perfection. You have to go really early if you want to sit right away. There is a line outside before they even open and it's always packed but for very good reason! Fair prices too.I love this place! While I've only been there for the Sunday Brunch, it's fantastic and we pretty much go there every weekend so you should believe me. The food is super tasty and I can't stop raving about their potato pancakes with salmon/eggs/hollandaise perched beautifully atop. Additionally the woman who owns the place is "the cat's pajamas".Great place for brunch. The wait line on a Sunday is long but definitely worth it. I enjoyed my Florentine Eggs and my friend had the Big Breakfast. Would recommend it to friends and will probably be back!In my Normal Weekend Brunch rotation, we decided to try this -once again.
Got there little after 11am..look for parking and noticed crowd outside.After putting our name on list, 20-30 min wait for 2 of us. Once we got seated, Our waiter took our order & Course we wanted coffee. It was busy, he was one of the regulars there. 10-15 min later, no coffee!!??
That was the reason  main reason I stopped putting them on my brunch rotation..lack of coffee refills, In this case, Just no Coffee!!! : (.
So I got up & flagged a young lady.So she brought over our delectable mugs & cream. Now our waiter came by & he must have forgot & realized at the same time.
We ordered the Stuff French toast w cream cheese, pineapple,mango,And peach. I t was Heaven, little crunchy on corners, with almonds in it as well. Everything was good.
The owner came over in like couple minutes with a cute little plate with Banana nut bread, 2 cinnamon sugar  pumpkin nuggets as Gesture to offset the Coffee -OOps!! Thought that was sweet, Redeemed themselves quite well. Funny thing is, I was just telling my brunch partner how love the place reason why stopped was because we couldn't get coffee refill-LOL. ( And here we go again) I understand, gets busy, chaos, but I need my coffee!!! Oh, the pastries were Moist & delicious!! I should have picked up some on the way out Not dense or dry , I was impressed!! They now have more of an Assortment of pastries to purchase , too.
Yeah, Back in my rotation List!!We tried the classic eggs benedict and the smoked salmon potato pancake benedict. Both dishes were just ok. Nothing special. The service could also use some improvement. My boyfriend asked for a second orange juice before the food was brought to the table but it came once we were done eating.Went to Day By Day for brunch and was very pleased with my meal. I ordered the smoke salmon and whitefish platter ($12.50) , served with a bagel and cream cheese. While I knew the bagel wouldn't be fantastic (coming from Northern NJ I'm spoiled in that department), it was a perfectly suitable toasted addition to the plate.
I did find the prices to be a tad high, and the service to be slightly overwhelmed (wasn't able to get quite as much coffee as I would have liked, but that's okay), but my dish as well as my companion's (stuffed challah french toast at $9.50 - super sweet and amazing) were both tasty and fresh. 
If only I lived a little closer to Day By Day (what can I say, I'm lazy when it comes to brunch and like to stick to a 5 block radius) I'd get to enjoy it more. Definitely a great brunch option!It's gonna be crowded.  So go earlier or later or plan on waiting.  
The food is unique without being annoying.  It's still delicious breakfast flavors.  Cinnamon rolls made me smile.
I recommend stopping in for brunch one weekend.Really good brunch ~! Love the egg Benedict !! It's really noisy and the place is not too spacious either.I've eaten here a couple times and every time I've tried something new with the food reaching beyond my expectations. The food is delicious and the waitresses that I have had are incredible - very friendly and offer great advice on ordering options. I've had the Salad al la Stephen and the Eggplant Sandwich with potato salad. 
This afternoon, a few coworkers and I went for lunch. We were able to sit outside and enjoy the beautiful weather. We had been talking about brunch there and the woman who I believe is an owner overheard us and described the delicious brunch options like smore's waffles that they offer. A few of us are going to try and go back this weekend for it! We were offered complimentary cookies - coconut, chocolate chip, peanut butter?, sugar - all of which were soft and incredible! I strongly recommend going here especially if you want to eat 'real food.'Great brunch spot!! The potato latke benedict is a must-have, but I also enjoy their scramblers and baked goods. The bottomless coffee is also wonderful. Service is consistently good and friendly, and the atmosphere is really cute. Definitely worth a 15-30 minute wait on a weekend!I was visiting Philadelphia last week and all I wanted was some White Fish Salad from Day by Day. I was able to coerce a friend of mine to take me for lunch and it was everything I remembered and more. Although, the restaurant was out of bagels.. How does a Jewish restaurant run out of bagels especially with a store right next door? Anyway, I got my fix of White Fish Salad and it was goood!!!!The second best brunch in the city.  (First is the Swann Lounge at the Four Seasons.) Of course if you like to do brunch regularly and don't need to valet park your Rolls or Lamborghini, Day by Day takes the lead. 
If you like Huevos Rancheros, this is the place to go.  The flavors are fresh, distinct and, best of all, authentic.  The several hollandaise sauced dishes are all great (the hollandaise is smooth, properly creamy, with an appropriate  hint of lemon.), but my favorite is the potato pancake Benedict with smoked salmon - absolutely decadent.   
When I'm trying to be good, the smoked salmon and whitefish salad combo is a satisfying alternative.  Generous servings of smoked fish are garnished with loads of fresh veggies,  tasty olives and capers.  Even forgoing the included bagel of choice, I leave the table sated.
You gotta try the desserts here.  All are house-made and wonderful.  The variety is extraordinary (although the selections of the day are usually limited to about 6 or so.)  If you can score the key-lime or pecan pie, eat dessert first.  Oh yeah, the carrot cake is best I've ever tasted - anywhere.
BTW, for lunch during the week, this is, like, comfort food central.  I love the spicy Thai chicken breast, and the codfish cakes are sublime.  The burgers, a recent and welcome addition to the menu, are awesome.  (Again, leave room for dessert!)Every once in a while you just CRAVE comfort breakfast food.  Fluffy pancakes, potatoes, bacon...etc.  Day by Day gets the job done-- huge portions, affordable prices, and stellar service.  Probably not a place to go if you're seeking a foodie adventure...but when you have that bad hangover on a Sunday morning-- definitely mosey on down.Strike 1. Slow service, I wish the food was worth it but...
2. My tiny (def not 3 egg!) omelette had ZERO seasoning, presentation was ugly, like they threw it together, just so there is something on my plate. Careless.
3. It was supposed to be vegetarian, asked server for no meat, yet it was added
4. Bread never came, as listed on the menu(comes with eggs)
5. Pancakes dough was extremely SWEET ...AND covered with powder sugar( contrary to what our server told us). Seriously, is this breakfast or DESSERT?!?
7. Price is funny for the unseasoned eggs we got( I don't mind paying a lot for SEASONED food(and seasoning is NOT sugar BTW!)
Only good things were the friendly staff, and the place's vibe. Go for coffee, avoid the food.SUNDAY BRUNCH. 'Nuff said. You have to get there early though, and prepare to wait for a little bit. As we approached during my second visit to this magical brunch spot, I saw like ten other couples all walking to the same destination...sooo I made my boyfriend run, and slip in front of all those suckers :) (sorry if you're reading this, and you were one of those people)
first visit:
THOSE CINNABUNS. I just want to slather that icing all over my body. Just straight up crack. So freaking good. Too bad we made the mistake of getting one pre-meal, so our appetites were heavily diminished by the time the other plates arrived. 
POTATO PANCAKES BENEDICT. The ultimate combination of everything I ever want at brunch. The chefs at daybyday read my mind, and the latke-smoked salmon-poached egg came into being. I suggest: get the hollandaise on the side, you don't even need it - the yolk acts as such a killer sauce. 
CHALLAH FRENCH TOAST. Changes every week. Ours was banana filled and it was f-ing crazy. I've seen some really hedonistic versions, involving mascarpone etc...only do that if you're planning on couch potato-ing the rest of the day.
second visit: (we were really full from a lush meal the night before)
BISCUIT WITH PEACH PRESERVES: their biscuit is pretty money. they were raving about the peach preserves so we ordered it, but I've had better. That biscuit was awesome though.
SUNDRIED TOMATO, GOAT CHEESE OMELETTE: like I said, we weren't very hungry, so tried to go light (or lighter :). I'd say this was pretty average. Go with their fatty stuff, totally worth it. 
SMOKED SALMON PLATTER: really yummy. Good bagel, all the fixins (great cream cheese, onions, capers, tomato etc.) with high quality smoked salmon. 
best brunch I've had in philly so far.If you are looking for a low-key regular cheap *early in the day* brunch, this is the place.
If you are looking for exotic noon-ish brunch, I don't recommend it. All the items one the menu are pretty standard, nothing special.
The quality of the baked goods is decent though; so if I go back I may just go for a coffee and a banana bread.
The staff are the type that put pressure on you with a smile. This pressure is higher after 10:30 AM on weekends. If you ask me, refuse their pressure with the same smile. 
All in all, I am not impressed.I think I could eat at Day by Day 26.2 times (ooh! a Day By Day marathon!) and still not get everything I want on the brunch menu.  The anxiety that accompanied making a choice between all of the delicious options on the standard and specials menu was the most stressful thing to have happened to me on my Saturday (I know... tough life, right?).  It felt like the time I went to the SPCA to try to pick out just one puppy.
Buuuuuut, I only have one puppy, and I only ordered one thing.  Because I have discipline! Or something like that.
So what was my one thing you ask?  Well if you haven't stopped reading by now as a result of my ridiculous rants, my one thing was the sundried tomato, goat cheese and spinach omelet.  It was super tasty and I very much enjoyed the rosemary potatoes and rye bread that accompanied it.
My partner in brunching could not stop raving about the eggs over chorizo and sweet potato hash.  So much so that guess what we did after our brunch sesh was over?  Yep.  Went to the market to buy chorizo and sweet potatoes to do our own experimenting.  I have to say, from the bite I managed to steal (you got to love when your brunch partner has to make a mid-brunch bathroom break) it was quite lovely and very unique.
Day By Day, I will be back.  I will be back 25.2 more times.We went there today for my birthday brunch and it was just perfect. We arrived at 930am sharp to be seated quickly. Our waiter was welcoming but not too cheerful, which is about right. Why would you want to be bombarded by that at 930 on a Sunday morning. The potato pancake benedict was so good that my dad basically inhaled it. I had the shakshuka which was the right balance of flavor with their in-house buttermilk biscuits. My daughter had the stuffed french toast which was a big dish for a 6 year old but we helped her finish it off. We will def be repeating this meal.We came in with a group of 8 at 12:30 on a Sunday, just had to call ahead to put our name in, they were very accommodating, great atmosphere, the food was incredible!Great toast! Challah French toast was amazing' love pear sauce! 
Big breakfast is HUGE!  Roast potato was flavorful ~ 
Yogurt parfait was fresh and fruity~
Nice place to have brunch~ 
Highly recommended~Been here twice and both times enjoyed some solid brunch dishes. Had the Egg Florentine this time. Overall a delicious meal, loved the biscuit but the black pepper was a bit overwhelming. A decent brunch spot with reasonable price. But do keep in mind that this place does not take reservation and takes while to wait for seating during brunch hour.Breakfast is off the hook at this spot! I have loved everything I have ever gotten. The sweet potato hash, all the yummy omelets and pancakes. The only bummer is that you will have to wait in line no doubt so don't go when you are starving. The atmosphere is minimalist but the place feels open and bright.With our children now living in Center City Philadelphia its so nice visiting them in the city and getting to enjoy such a variety of great restaurants. I enjoyed a lovely time with my daughter and was thoroughly pleased with my bacon cheese and avocado omelette end brunch Burger that I shared with my lovely daughter. The wait staff was very friendly and attentive. End I have to say that this is one of the best omelet that I've ever eaten. I will definitely be going back there again and they recommend that you give them a try as well.I really enjoy this place. I've been here for brunch twice since I moved to Philadelphia. The staff is really nice and friendly and it's a very clean environment.
On a Saturday, the food does take some time to come to you but its worth it. The portion sizes are good and they literally have everything from pancakes to coffee. The weekends are full of reduced specials too. 
I recommend the Huevos Rancheros! Delicious!Disappointed. From a completely disorganized wait staff to bugs and flies all over place. Also thanks for burning my breakfast. Skip this place.So I think that Brunch is the best meal ever.  As a kid growing up, Brunch was that Sunday activity after church where the whole family was together and it served as a winding down of the weekend or the beginning of the week, however you wanted to view it.  I rediscovered Brunch when I moved to Philadelphia almost a year ago thanks to Day by Day.  I was in the restaurant last week, however, and as I have gotten to know their menu I have developed not only a favorite dish but also a good bond with the staff.  I wanted to write this review as a result of my experience there.
If you look on this review page, there is one review that discusses my favorite dish, the sweet potato hash with chorizo.  It gave a less than perfect review of my go to order.  While Robin and I were talking, she brought up that she had read the review the night before and had come in to work an hour early that morning to see what she could do to fix the dish.  She found the fix, made it, and I must say that I almost went for round two that day.  
The reason that I bring this up is that it shows an attention to detail far beyond that of most restauranteurs and a true passion for serving the best food possible.  If all businesses were run in this fashion I believe our world would be a much better place.  There is a reason that people wait 30 minutes to eat here--the menu is not just eggs and toast but an actual thought around each item that usually creates an awesome unique outcome.
If you are in the market for Brunch, nothing tops Day by Day.Day by day, in my opinion, is a trendy but hipster brunch restaurant. 
First of all, they don't take reservations. And your whole party has to be present in order for you to be seated. They are only open for breakfast, brunch, and lunch. 
I really enjoyed the atmosphere of the restaurant. It's bright inside, although not very spacious. It's decorated colorfully, with a huge chalkboard wall with the menu and daily specials drawn on. 
However, I didn't get a fantastic impression from the staff, since our food arrived very slowly and they weren't too apologetic about that. However, the food was delicious. I had the challah french toast, which was delicious but heavy. We also had an order of the chorizo and eggs, bacon and scallops quiche, and breakfast potatoes. Everything was appetizing and made just right.
In the end, though, I would definitely suggest Day By Day if another brunch opportunity came up.Came to Philly from NY to visit a friend there and after a very "Hangover"-esuqe night out, needed a calm brunch place to piece the night together. Enter Day by Day! 
Everything about this place is refreshingly straightforward - the menu, the decor, the prices and the service. Between all of us, we ordered a breakfast smorgasbord of pancakes, bacon, omelettes and a cinnamon bun. Almost everything was on point and exactly what the doctor ordered for a Saturday morning...the only thing I probably wouldn't get again with the cinnamon bun (not enough cinnamon). Coming from New York, land of mandatory brunches that involves long waits and high prices, it was great to just arrive and be seated in a relaxed, sunny environment (looking at you, LES brunch spots). Further, for the amount of food you get (a lot), it was priced awesome - I think the most expensive thing on the menu was $14. 
I am taking off one star is because while the food is good, I would be reluctant to call it extraordinary. If I lived in Philly, I would definitely make this a go-to as it is pretty solid but wouldn't go too far out of my way. Further, they have a funky credit card policy that limits two cards per table with a limit - not a deal-breaker at all but a bit inconvenient.THIS IS ONE OF MY GO-TO BRUNCH SPOTS!! For the reason of Poor Customer Service, lost a star with me. We went with bigger group, 5 of us, not that much bigger, during prime time is was packed. The servers were SO overwhelmed, You would think they are used to the Peak time of it being busy, Nope!! Our party must have asked 3-4 times for refill on coffee, water, some of them didn't get rest of their entree. It was awful. WTH?? I usually love this place, but one star less for me, better step it up , got great products, service falls short, wont be returning, so will alot of patrons. By the way I got special-Challal french toast, tiramisu with marscapone & expresso -Mmm-mmm good!!Always crowded and long queue waiting outside when it's open, especially during weekend brunch time. Book earlier is a good tip to remember.Yums. Excellent Philly brunchery (and caterering company) known for its amazing breads and pastries baked in-house, at reasonable (almost too reasonable) prices. This is the place to go if you're looking for brunch classics that are impeccably prepared using fresh, quality ingredients.  
For pastries: the cinnamon buns here are terrific-- chewy and soft, cinnamon-y and not over-sweet. 
A brunch specialty is the indulgent Stuffed Challah French Toast, which changes its fillings each week. When I went, it was stuffed with mascarpone, lemon curd cream cheese, and blueberry sauce - and it was divine. (From what I've heard, don't bother with the regular French Toast, it's not nearly as noteworthy)  
They don't play around with their sandwiches either: the BLT was thick with several stacks of bacon and was spread with horseradish mayo for a bit of zing. It also came with some delicious home fries. 
A bit of a wait to get a table, but only about 15 minutes for a party of 3, which is a nice alternative when you're not ready to wait a few hours at Sabrina's. Service did seem a bit scattered during the bustle of brunchtime, but we didn't have to wait too long for our food. All in all, a very satisfying Sunday brunch in a sunny space.The wait was long but I don't really bemoan them for that because it was Sunday at mid day on a nice day. Also they have Nowait, the app, which is awesome! If you don't use it you just check it out very handy. 
The food on the other hand was pretty bad. The potatoes were burnt. The toast was not toasted and the eggs were not made right. In general it was worse than a corner diner breakfast. 
The service was also pretty. Ad but again they were slammed that day. 
All in all I think I caught them on bad day and will probably give it another go on a less crowded day. I also really enjoyed eating outside on the sidewalk since it was such a nice day.To be frank, I have no idea why this brunch place has anything more than 2 stars. Day by day is the epitome of an average American brunch. For above average prices, you get diner-quality dishes that you could honestly find at your local IHOP or Waffle House. Sifting through the reviews, I realize that a lot of the 5 or 4 stars are given simply because the food isn't BAD... which isn't what that rating is supposed to mean!
I came here twice to give this place a fair shot but was sorely disappointed each time. I've tried the:
Stuffed Challah French Toast (2/5): I had a bite of my friend's and this was way too sweet and seemed to be doused in butter; I would much rather have the one at Sabrina's Cafe (even if I'm not too in love with that one either)
Classic Eggs Benedict (3/5): a classic brunch dish that wasn't too bad but also wasn't anything special either. It had all the necessary components but nothing that made it stand out. For $12, it was simply okay.
Huevos Rancheros (1/5): this was probably the worst huevos rancheros I've ever had. Everything was cold and bland and just tasted like tomato sauce. 
Day by day is in a convenient area and doesn't have crazy waits like the other brunch places do.. but maybe that's because there's nothing special to wait for. I'd recommend going somewhere else for your brunch!My first experience with Day By Day was alright. Fairly basic brunch foods done fairly well, nothing special, but still pretty good. My second experience was awful.
Service: Service was terrible. Waiter was unattentive and got my order wrong, and when the right one came out, it was missing a side. 
Food: Pretty awful. I got the Tiramisu French Toast and was sorely disappointed. I took a couple bites before realizing it wasn't worth the effort to force down. It had the consistency of bread that had been soaked in syrup for a good hour before being served. It was falling apart, but not in the good way. It was akin to eating mush. On the other hand, the baked goods were alright. Took a muffin to go.Ok food but not worth fighting the crowds. I had the pancake Benedict I think it was called and it was good but did not live up to the hype for me. Ive had much better food at some lesser known spots. I agree too about the wait. Because of reviews on here I made sure to come at 10 when they opened, and was able to get a table but was worried about what would happen if there was a fire as there were like 15 people crowded around the entrance waiting to be seated the whole time I was there.I was looking for a place that my friend (omnivore) and I (vegan) to have brunch, and Day by Day was it! My friend loved the stuffed pumpkin french toast, and I enjoyed the vegan banana bread french toast. Both of our plates were beautifully presented, and the staff was nice and attentive. I will definitely go back.We stopped in for brunch, everything was amazing. From the friendly staff, delicious entrees, and my favorite part the baked good! I left completely satisfied and ready for the rest of my day.I'm a big fan of brunch and this was one of the better places I've tried! I ordered eggs over sweet potato and chorizo hash and it was excellent! Others got poached eggs over latkas and smoked salmon and really liked it as well. The service was good and the place was pretty big for a brunch spot. Definitely give it a try!Great place to eat, always fresh ingredients the chocolate chip pancakes  were absolutely amazingg:)I went to Day by Day on a Saturday afternoon around 1pm with a party of 7. The food was very delicious, no one had any complaints. I ordered the Vegan Banana Bread French Toast, with sides of Vegan Chorizo and Egg Whites. The food was very flavorful, however the wait staff was a bit on the slow side, however that could be due to the fact that the restaurant closes at 2:30pm. Note, my party was going to order more food and it  would have been nice to have been told the kitchen was closing however, they might have just assumed we knew. Bills are paid in the front, and they do not accept Amex. 
Tip: Arrive early for good serviceIncredible interesting breakfast!  Great service, delicious food.  My only complaint is no liquor license as I wanted a mimosa.Average breakfast but the pastries while you wait was nice but the wait time for service was borderline crazy. Not  the best place if you are in a hurry although they want you to go as soon as they give you the check.This was a great brunch spot find. I ordered the potato latke Benedict, which was absolutely delicious and the perfect amount of food. I also tasted two other dishes from the specials menu, both of which were delicious. It seems like the type of place where you really can't go wrong no matter what you order. The unlimited iced coffee was also yummy and worth ordering. They didn't have skim milk in the kitchen, though. 
I sat outside on a beautiful day, but the inside ambiance is very fun and happy. The service was good too.
I really want to know the origin of the name Day By Day and was hoping it would be written somewhere on the menu. I feel like it'll be a great story, but don't know anything about it for now.
Go eat here! It's fun and delicious!Love coming to this place. Food is always delicious, staff are nice but always so busy. Smoked salmon plate is my favorite. The whitefish is SO good.Great breakfast/brunch place! I got the potato pancake benedict, which had poached eggs and smoked salmon on latkes. It was something different from the usual egg benedict, and it was delicious! The portion size was just right. My husband got the BLT and added avocado and a fried egg. It was really good too, but a huge sandwich and kind of messy to eat.I came here for brunch with a large group of people ...about 10 people. the food is pretty good and I felt that the service was pretty good as well although I don't think that this would be a place I would recommend for large groups. the owner or manager seemed a little stressed out about the number of people that we had but she was very honest and very nice about it so I appreciated that. parking is a little tight around this area. I couldn't say that anything I ate was spectacular but if you're looking for a decent brunch spot in the area I'd recommend it. they also gave us a free slice of cake on our way out which was niceThe chalkboard menu reminds me of New Orleans, sigh. Anywho, our group made the mistake of dining here for Sunday brunch and it wasn't just any Sunday brunch, it was Mother's Day brunch! Our wait was about an hour and 45 minutes. They had stop taking reservations the week before and so we decided to chance it with walk in. We kept telling ourselves that we were gonna leave if we didn't get seated within the next 5 minutes, but ya know how when you've already waited an hour, you keep telling yourself that they have to seat you soon right? And you don't want to leave because you've already an invested an hour of your life that you ain't getting back. The food was pretty good, but not sure if it was worth the ridiculous wait. Especially cuz the hostess kept lying to us, she kept telling us we would be seated within 20 minutes, or we were next. blah blah blah. if she had been straight with us from the beginning, we could've made an informed decision to eat elsewhere.
Joe and I split the bacon and cheese quiche which was quite good. It was very thick and tall like a manly quiche.
One of our friend's ordered the poached eggs florentine which had 2 poached eggs, sauteed spinach, roasted potatoes and hollandaise sauce. Smelled good but for me, hollandaise sauce is very heavy for early in the morning which is why I guess it shows up on brunch menus.
The veggie omelette had asparagus, mushroom and cheese with roasted potatoes and whole wheat toast.
I have lots of memories of eating pancakes on Sunday mornings while growing up so I ordered the chocolate chip pancakes with a side of fruit. It was very light, airy and fluffy.This is absolutely hands down one of the best lunch spots in Center City.  The menu changes week to week, allowing you to pick out favorite old standbys (like the tuna melt--I get it on rye instead of the croissant and it is so tasty) and find some new favorites (like last weeks salad tossed with figs, goat cheese, and prosciutto--probably not good to admit I had it twice).  The service is very friendly and tries to meet your needs, with a quirky touch.  Last time I was there on a very hot day and asked for large glass of water they gave me 3 glasses since they only have one size.  Silly but sweet.
They do get busy during the lunch rush so I either get takeout or try and get there a few minutes before noon.
Also make sure you save room for dessert.  So tasty.
Haven't been to brunch yet but looking forward to trying it!A fine mix of breakfast and breakfast-dessert. The menu is extensive having what you'd expect in the Philly area if you ever go to breakfast. I had the stuffed challah french toast with almonds, cream cheese and peaches. It was great, but it's hard not to make a sweet breakfast food taste great. The portion was huge and I had to split it with another person.
I also tried their eggs Benedict over salmon and a potato pancake. That was delicious as well.
Some people would give this place a 5 star rating, and it does have a great menu and an extensive list of healthy choices and dessert choices for breakfast, but I was so totally sold to give it 5 stars. I'm picky on breakfast and to get 5 would be a serious challenge!If the huevos rancheros had featured refried beans I'll bet they'd have been at least a star's worth more satisfying. Such as they were, with under seasoned black beans, they did not register above A-OK.
Four of us shared a bowl of the stuffed bananas foster French toast and it was way over the top. We ended up leaving it half-finished. If this dish can't make your blood glucose levels skyrocket, I don't know what can. One of my dining companions order the salmon and whitefish platter and complained of the slightly sweet tasting whitefish and that the smoked salmon was lacking smokiness. I did not taste to verify his claims.
Mostly though, Day by Day made me long for the gratifying goodness served up at Honey's Sit 'n Eat, Philadelphia's preeminent brunch establishment.A very long overdue review for a fantastic catering crew for my wedding.  First of all, Stephen was the only caterer rep to say he was excited to cater a brunch wedding.  EXCITED!  He invited my fiance and I in for brunch (on the house) to sample their goods and we were sold! (The Challah French Toast - dare I say better than Sabrina's?!)
 Working with a small budget, Stephen worked within my limitations and with my Martha Stewart ideas.  Leading up to the event, Stephen was organized and helpful. Day of the event, the food was scrumptious, the drinks amazing, the staff friendly. Most importantly, he made my mother feel important and had hot sauce for her ;) Highly recommend their catering- reasonable prices, excellent customer service and delicious food - my guests could not stop raving about the food!!This is one of the best lunch and brunch places in Philadelphia. Everything I've tried has been excellent and imaginative.  The sandwiches and salads are well-made and the brunch is always yummy. I have also used Day by Day for catering and business lunches. The service is excellent and our guests are always very happy.This is my absolute favorite brunch place in Philly! It's a comfortable neighborhoody atmosphere without being too pretentious like some other local brunch places.  They serve wonderful La Colombe coffee (a brunch essential), and the menu is stellar with something for everyone. I highly recommend the poached eggs florentine. I would actually like to hug the chef that came up with that dish.I had a delicious brunch there today. The chorizo and sweet potato hash was fantastic and the homemade biscuit really hit the spot. I will definitely return. I can't speak to how loud a place it was because I ate alfresco.I come here solely for the delicious sweet potato chorizo hash. I've taken a bite here and there from plates of friends so I can attest to the deliciousness of other items on the menu , but I just can't part from the sweet potato hash. It's byob so you can bring your own champagne and make mimosas. Throw in the pastry basket and it doesn't get much better than that. They don't take reservations, so prepare for a long wait if you're stopping by at peak brunch hours, but it's worth the wait!Stephen was responsive, accommodating, and truly a relief when planning my wedding reception...great guy.The food is great, but be prepared for unpredictable wait times, both to get your table and again to get your food.
I have no complains about the food at all. Everything was done really well, it was tasty, just as described, and plentiful. My complain was that we showed up (a group of 4) at 10:30 am  on a Saturday morning and put our names down and were told 20-30 minutes. Fine, no problem. At 11:00, we were told we would be seated next. After watching 2 groups of 5 and a group of 3 get seated over the next half hour, we were finally seated at 11:30. Really, you could seat groups of 3 and 5 but not our group of 4? 
Next, we waited a good amount of time to get the waitress' attention (she appeared overworked - from what I could tell there were only 2 waiters working) and then a LONG time for our food. Long enough that we were offered free pastries without even mentioning our wait time. Overall, despite arriving at 10:30 am and sitting at 11:30, we didn't leave until 1:15 even though all we ordered was a single course of breakfast food.
The food is great, but they could really make an effort to be more organized with seating and food delivery; an hour 45 is just too long for a single brunch course. Having another waiter would be a good start.Worst hostess ever at the front desk! On Mother's Day the hostess at the front desk wore blue and was easily confused with seating people. I understand it was very busy but we arrived 10 minutes after it opened to find that 15 parties were ahead of us according to an app? So we put our names in and decided to walk around. Within an hr we received a text to come back in order to wait for another half an hour as we saw other parties get seated before us. So by arriving at 10:10 am, we had to wait an hour and a 45 mins to get seated. It's ridiculous. Thank you to the small hostess in stripes who was busting her ass to get people seated.I met my friend and a group of his friends for brunch, it seems or looked to be a popular spot. The place was packed to the tee, glancing through the menu prices were cheap and affordable. I ordered the Challah french toast, that was huge and delicious. THe table of 8 which i was a part of ordered a variety of meals it seems like everyone enjoyed theirs. I overhead someone say its BYOB thats a plus, and also total price including gratuity which was included in the bill came to $120 not bad at all. Also as an FYI not sure if that has been touched by previous reviewers, they can only split two credit/debit cards. So if you are a huge party plan on taking cash.We came here because we heard the wait times would be shorter than some other brunch places in the city. The atmosphere was very airy yet cozy. I split the tiramisu-stuffed challah French toast and the Florentine with a friend. The french toast was on the specials menu and essentially was (very delicious) dessert. Definitely could not have finished it on my own or on its own. The Florentine was a great balance, though lacked a tiny bit of flavor without the extra hot sauce I added (but I like things spicy!). I also sampled my friend's potato pancake benedict, which was great - the salmon had tons of flavor and the potato pancakes were perfectly crispy. Portion sizes were decent but not too overwhelming. I liked that they experimented with menu items; many things seemed to have an ingredient that made it unique.This is my favorite brunch place in Philadelphia! The vegan banana bread french toast is the best sweet dish I've had. I've made multiple trips back just to order it again. It's also BYO so it's great for a celebratory brunch as well.Day By Day is definitely in the top 5 for brunch places my boyfriend and I like to go to. When other brunch places in the area have very long wait times on the weekend, the two of us can usually be seated within 10 minutes of arriving to this place which is always a plus! 
The only thing I've ordered here is the eggs benedict. It's really delicious and the potatoes are always crispy and seasoned perfectly. My boyfriend gets the "big breakfast" which is a TON of food. If you're coming here for brunch and are super hungry you should order this! I think it comes with eggs, a stack of pancakes, toast, and your choice of meat. The coffee is great here, I just wish they would come by more for refills! 
I also noticed that there are actually a lot of vegetarian and vegan options as well. I had one of the vegan muffins the first time I was here and it was amazing!Our daughter is living in Center City while at Grad school and she loves Day By Day. We came in for brunch on a Sunday to giver her a break from studying. We arrived around 1:00 PM and we were told we had a 20-minute wait. No problem, they took our name and told us they would text us when our table was ready. It was a chilly but sunny Sunday, so we walked around a bit and explored the neighborhood.
We were seated in about 30 minutes, which again was OK. Fortunately none of us were overly hangry.  We did an advance look at the menu and specials and we were ready to order upon being seated. Unfortunately, they were sold out of my daughter's favorite item, the Sweet Potato and Chorizo hash. That threw a cat amongst the pigeons, as my wife and daughter had to frantically review the menu to place our orders. We settled on the Challah French French Toast Special and Potato Pancake Benedict.
The Challah French Toast was stuffed with bananas and peanut butter with bacon and a caramel sauce. It was surprisingly not too sweet and we didn't use any syrup.  It had some great flavors but I wish there was just a little more bacon. It was filling but still very good. The Potato Pancake Benedict was excellent. My daughter substituted Canadian bacon for the salmon.  We really liked this dish and it was savory and light.
Day-by-Day serves La Colombe coffee with free refills. Our server was fantastic and attentive. The entire staff was very pleasant and efficient our check was about $45.00 for 3 dishes, 1 coffee and an orange juice, which is reasonable for the quality of food. Day-by-Day lived up to the hype and the wait.Where to begin... The experience was nice. I enjoy checking out new places. I really wanted some French toast and the place that we were suggested was super packed so we looked for another place close by. We came across day by day.
 There wasn't a wait when I got there but in order to be seat your entire party must be present so keep that in mind if you're going to have a large party. It seemed like some people called ahead or something but they use an app of some sort to text you when your table is ready. Anyway, when my boyfriend finally found a park we were able to be seated. They have pastries that offer via appetizers but I notice a decent amount of them were sitting on a counter behind the register uncovered. Noted not to get any of the uncovered pastries lol. They do have a case where they keep some pastries I would trust those before the others. 
Okay back to the experience... They have a large black board that gives you information on the specials and flavored for that day. So my French toast that I had to have came in peach flavor. Also I think they had a pumpkin one but I'm not really into the pumpkin flavor much. My boyfriend ordered what we called playing it safe breakfast meal, eggs, bacon, potatoes, pancakes and a choice of bread. He didn't want his bread so I decided to get a biscuit for myself. I
Ordered the peach challah(sp) French toast and a side of Rosemary potatoes.
Everything comes out pancakes are HUGE. French toast is good if you don't like peach sauce on your French toast ask for the peach topping on the side. Potatoes were bland they needed some salt or something. The biscuit was a harder type of biscuit than what I like I'm a fluffy biscuit chick. 
The food was ok nothing that I would have to have again. But I did notice while eating someone had brought in a bottle of wine to drink and they also I have champagne. Not sure what the rules are so ask if you're interested. I don't have any issues with the place just wanted to share my experience.Great French toast specials and the pancakes were wonderful. The table next to us brought 2 bottles of champagne that the waiter placed in an ice bucket and kept them stocked with OJ... will definitely have to remember to do that next time. We went at 2 on a Sunday and had about a 10 minute wait.I want to start off by saying this place is awesome!! I had to order for a company event at the last minute. Not only were they able to accommodate me, they also delivered great food.  The selection was awesome, the food was yummy and my boss was happy! Even the driver was great. I would definitely recommend them . Thanks again!Check into YELP and get a free baked good!
Grilled chicken, asparagus & prosciutto toss w/ gruyere cheese n sherry vinaigrette was ok. Not particularly flavorful, the chicken was a bit dry.  
Eggs over chorizo & sweet potato hash. Delicious and well cooked, there were texture differences and depth of flavor. 
Huevos rancheros eggs over medium w Pico de Gallo, salsa Verde, black beans, fresh salsa, sour cream, Jack cheese over flour tortilla and avocado. This was ok, but the beans were a bit hard, underseasoned and very watery. Bean juice soaked the whole meal. 
Pumpkin stuffed french toast with walnuts. 
We ordered the bread basket, everything was very moist and flavorful.
Muffins
Pear chocolate walnut; good.
Pineapple siracha; mixed reviews at the table. Mostly just as a breakfast food or not.  I loved the sweet, and heat of the crumb topping. 
Red bean sesame ehh too beany 
Cranberry goat; happy mouth hole!
Banana bread; standard.
Pumpkin bites; soft moist.Went here for a birthday brunch...all staff (waitstaff, cashier and kitchen staff) seemed extremely stressed and food was very mediocre with really long wait times. Used to be a favorite but won't be returning back.I was able to go back & try something extraordinary, " S'mores Waffles" All I gotta say!!! I wanted to try something different., guess great weather, the place was packed. My brunch buddy & I wanted to sit outside, in about 10 min we were. We were gonna get french toast, special, ( I was fine with either that , or Smores) Then she suggested it!! We tried it.Oh Wow!! Toasted like on campfire, with chocolate chips ,melted..Phewpphh!!! yummy. If like you Chocolate, marshmallows, this is for you, plus the waffles were light & airy, not hard & dense-which I liked . I usually prefer fruit in morning, but So glad I tried it!! Aways great -A MUST RETURN!!I am from the DC area so we don't have that many cool brunch spots like this.  The selections in here are phenomenal!  I wish I have been able to try all of the stuffed Challah French toasts but I was more than satisfied with what I had.
I do not remember the name of my dish but it was an Italian style breakfast pot pie type of dish with melted mozza on top and wrapped by a thin layer of eggs (top and bottom) with the middle stuffed with Italian sausages.  
Can't wait to make the trip back sometime soon!Try a dish off of their specials menu. You may find something you have never had but will absolutely love.
I enjoyed the eggs benedict over cornbread with a slice of ham in between. I truly crave a good eggs benedict at brunch places and have tried ones with different meats over English muffins but to change up the bread was a delicious decision. Yet, it was one of the few specials that did not come with a side of rosemary potatoes and toast.
I'll be back to Day by Day and most likely ordering off the specials menu again!The service was super...the food was delicious....there was nothing about this place that was bad. The stuffed French toast is something no one should pass up on....as well as the red bean coffee cake. I think my tastebuds found food heaven...
The only thing is this place gets REALLY busy and there are no reservations. I woke up early Sunday morning JUST to make it in time for opening LOL. STILL worth it.This place is a joke. Went for a wedding tasting. They served rotten fish and openly said "we're not going to serve you the cake because it's gone bad in the display case. That's a demonstration of how high our standards are". That really happened. And the wedding catering prices were insane.You can't deny it, brunch is brunch. Almost every restaurant in the city has the same staple items on their menu for brunch, but what sets Day-By-Day apart is not only the creativeness of the menu, but also the service.
I had ordered the crab, gruyere , and asparagus scrambled eggs-a perfect savory start to my morning, complete with rosemary roasted breakfast potatoes. Everything was perfectly seasoned and salted. My roommate ordered the vegan burrito which they didn't execute properly. Our waitress took her plate back to the kitchen while I ate and finished my meal. I was completely done eating before she had gotten her fixed plate. The waitress felt so badly that she went above and beyond- she offered her complimentary pastries. She opted for the coconut muffin- amazing. After I had finished eating, I ordered the lemon goat cheese muffin. I was expecting to pay for it, but they told me that it was on the house as well. 
The staff made sure that we were well taken care of. Never once was I out of coffee, and how they handled the kitchen mistake was professional and a nice added touch. 5 stars!This place looked really solid for Sunday Brunch so I had it bookmarked to try with the lovely wife.  Low and behold a friend and business associate invited me to lunch on a Thursday.  
We showed up as they opened (11:30) and grabbed a two-top in the window. I would call seating here normal.  Not spacious, not tight, just regular.  Our waitress was quick to show up for our drink order and quick to deliver them. BTW; no alcohol here, just softer drinks. Throughout our stay the CUSTOMER SERVICE was excellent.  No problems at all.
There is a giant blackboard on the wall with specials and most of the usual small menu. Your waitress will also hand you a hard copy.  I would call the food here lighter fare.  You don't come here for a cheesesteak, or pasta with red sauce, or a jumbo carnivore pizza.  You do come here for delicious sandwiches and sides.  There is a burger on the menu and they will even add a fried egg and call it a Brunch Burger ($12).  Don't expect fries with that here.
I ordered a Turkey, Avocado, Bacon wrap with Chipotle Mayo for $9.  Instead of potato salad I paid an extra buck and substituted a small green salad.  It was all delicious!
My friend ordered an Avocado & Havarti Sandwich with cucumbers and tomatoes on black bread for $8.50.  It looked incredible and he declared it exceptional.
Just a note on the popularity of these folks- By 12:30 PM on a Thursday it was packed solid with people spilling out the door.  LESSON LEARNED; go early or be prepared to wait.
This is a great place to grab a lite very fresh tasting lunch and not need a nap afterwards!Great service, fantastic menu, and nice atmosphere.  Perfect breakfast spot and can't wait to try it out for lunch soon. 
Also easy to find nearby parking if you're travelingAwesome brunch spot! Ambiance was fun and the food was good.I've never been for brunch, but my office orders catering from them occasionally, and I just had the chance to eat in.  The menu is pretty simple, but everything is always fresh and delicious.  Lunch time service was a little slow even though they were not that busy.  Most recently I had the chicken salad in a wrap.  It was really tasty, not too much mayo, and quite big, saved half for tomorrow's lunch.  The desserts looked amazing, but did not splurge on this visit.Very good Thai chicken wrap and amazing peach French toast
I also loved the atmosphere
Perfect place for a brunchDay by day, another brunch restaurant in the town. Not the best, but one of reasonable brunch places in Philadelphia. And it's around the corner :) 
I had my very first quiche here and I really enjoyed it. 
Their smoked salmon omelet was good too. Apple tart was just okay. I don't know about getting a desert here. I don't like their over baked potatoes. It was very hard to eat. But everything else is great. I haven't tried their legendary french toast yet. I will go check that out near in the future.What a quaint and charming restaurant.  We had the most amazing brunch!  To start with the variety of homemade muffins were mouthwatering, with such flavors as "jewish apple and chocolate espresso".  The stuffed french challah bread  combined  the rich flavors of bananas,peanut butter and caramel.  No need for syrup on this item since it literally melts in your mouth.  My husband and son both had the big breakfast consisting of scrambled eggs, home baked potatoes(with just the right touch of herbs) and two large pancakes.  This is no ordinary meal.  One can tell that all of the food is homemade and cooked with an extra dose of love!!!!Local brunch spot. The food is good but the service not. Also, the restaurant itself is kinda unattractive - wood paneling with yellow paint on it and the ceiling was stained. Considering what they charge, they should have nicer and more attentive service. They do that thing where they put your check down while you're still eating. Again, that's fine for a diner but when you're charging $12 for eggs, it sends a message: we can't wait for you to leave.I have been to Day By Day three times for brunch. 
The food was decent. Doesn't have much variety of brunch menu like other places but they taste good. 
Wait for me was around 45 minutes. (went around 11:30am) 
You will get a text message when the table is ready so don't have to wait around there. Service was good. Nothing to complain about. I think for me the food was just so-so.What a disappointment! I have been dying to try this place out for some time and it place fell far below expectations.  Brunch is my favorite, but everything that we ordered was rather bland and at or a notch below what I could probably cook up at home.  It was crowded, cramped, and the staff were unfriendly and not accomodating.  They were by once to check on us, didn't refill waters or coffees and when there was a mistake with my order I was simply told 'Oh, I didn't hear you.'  May go back to give the french toast a try since everyone raves about it, but none of the benedict's or omelets seem worth the trip when there are so many good brunch places around! Portions and prices were reasonable.  I really, really wanted to be a fan, but unfortunately it's just not going to happen.I went in with amazing expectations due to all the reviews, and even after looking at their menu, I was baffled because there were so many things that I wanted to try! I ended up asking out waiter for his recommendation and he said the omelet with the corn, tomatoes, spinach and goat cheese was really good. I was left disappointed with my dish, there wasn't really that much flavor and there was an overwhelming amount of goat cheese in the omelet. 
We sat outside and it wasn't too bad because the waiter was really good at keeping track of how everything was going (ie if we needed more water, or if we needed the plates cleared) I would go back and try the other things, maybe it was just the omelet that I didn't like.Best Eggs Benedict I've had in awhile! I really love the rosemary potatoes too. If I wasn't leaving Philadelphia, I would definitely come back here every weekend.This place is by far the BEST breakfast/brunch spot I've ever been to and coming from New York that says a lot. It was busy but the staff handled it smoothly and they were all pleasant happy people.  The food was incredible and for the quality and presentation, priced surprisingly well. They had jawns today, OMG. I had two before our order came out and they served our food fast.  A must do kinda place.Besides the inevitable wait, this place is great for brunch.  They have an amazing selection of both sweet and savory menu items.  They also have a ton of homemade baked goods that are always a wonderful treat.  BYOB of champagne if you wish, and they provide amazing orange juice.  
- Sweet potato and chorizo hash is a favorite
- Always have amazing soups
It's very small, so not great for larger groups.  Very tasty food and good service!The food was okay. Nothing worth a 1/2 hour wait for and certainly nothing I couldn't make better at home. This is a good brunch place? I will pray for Philadelphia.Solid place. My girl swears by their pancakes, she loves them.  Everything ive had here was pretty good. Nice vibe about the place, alot of light and very open. Clean, which is big for me. I would like a few more options on the ommelette and egg side, but i respect the fact that what they do, they do well.Great brunch spot! I came here with some friends and the food was really yummy. It was a 40 minute wait but definitely worth it. Thanks :DSimply incredible. From friendly service to a light beautiful atmosphere and most importantly, the food, this place did not fail to deliver! Came here on a Saturday afternoon around 1 and greeted promptly by the hosts in front. 
I had the potato pancakes Benedict. It was a latke with salmon and  poached eggs on top. I heard the crisp with each bite of the pancake. Eggs cooked to perfection and salmon so fresh. Delicious. My wife had the sweet potato chorizo hash. I usually don't like hash but this was excellent. 
Well done, well done.Delicious brunch menu! The stuffed French toast is awesome (come hungry cuz it's huge). Can be pretty packed and have a pretty long wait on the weekends.First of all, I have to say that I had been meaning to try this place out for months. I was there for brunch yesterday and our food was good. The food wasn't great or extraordinary. Especially, it wasn't worth the wait and the horrible service. I totally agree with the reviewer who says that the employees seem annoyed. 
When I got there, nothing was said to me. I just had to guess that there was a list and I should write my name. The hostess was terribly rude and seemed annoyed by our presence. The most horrible thing about this experience was the unwelcomeness we felt all throughout our meal. 
We stayed there for a bit more after we paid and noticed that the "hostess" was looking at our table, pointing and mumbling that we should leave because we had already paid. I understand that they want to make as much profit as they can, but they could have just explained that. 
I will not be coming here again. There is nothing extraordinary about the food and it is by far not worth the trouble. I have been to other brunch places and they have nothing to envy from this place. It seems as though people at Day by Day don't appreciate their costumers. In a nutshell, high average food with horrible atmosphere and service.Ew. Why does this place always have a line? My quiche was burnt!!! Who serves food that has been burnt black? It was winter and it was freezing cold in the restaurant.  Will never go back.Went  today for lunch, food  was just ok service is STILL terrible. There are too many places that offer good food and great service, will not be returningCame for brunch- there might be a 30+ minute wait if you don't make a reservation on a summer weekend. Shakshuka was very solid! Egg poached perfectly, veggies were delicious, and it even came with a choice of bread with butter that I dipped in the veggie mix... yum. Overall fun bustling place in Rittenhouse for brunch!I came here with a group of six for brunch on a Saturday morning. The wait wasn't too long and the staff were ok not the friendliest. 
We were seated inside and our waiter, Nick was amazing. He was polite, funny and really accommodating. It's BYO so they put our extra bottle in their fridge. FYI the iced coffee is just a can of Colombe coffee, glass of ice and creamer-- which obviously tastes amazing but not really what you find at a sit down place. The food was sub-par. I got huevos rancheros, which lacked flavor and taste, and Avocado toast which was also just alright. We asked for the eggs to be placed on the side instead of on top of the toast-- but it came out on top. We asked the server who brought out the food (not Nick) to please make a new dish and not just slide the eggs off because one person was vegan. They told us they would specifically make a new dish but within one minute the dish came back out, now with the eggs on the side and the toast separately. However, it was quite obvious they slid the eggs off because there was lettuce behind the eggs and the toast looked messed up and not how it originally came out. We explained this situation to Nick who handled it so well. He apologized and he not only took the toast off our bill, but also all the drinks. He said he wants us to be able to come back! We all really loved his service and understanding. 
Overall-- food was sub par and not too tasty. Central location to walk around and try places. BYO so bring champagne for some mimosas! A lot of seating for big parties, and ask for Nick to be your server!Lots of brunch choices without the high prices. We had poached eggs on smoked salmon layered on top of potato pancakes and poached eggs florentine with hearty dish of fresh fruit. Service was attententive and food came out fast. Located more in a residential part of town near Rittenhouse Sq.Rude, rude, rude! Went there for breakfast this past Saturday. They open at 9:30; we arrived at 9:20. We waited outside until it started to rain at 9:25. I checked the door, which was unlocked. But, when I opened it a younger girl at the counter immediately said, "We open at 9:30." I shut the door. When my wife gave me the "WTF" look, I opened it again and asked, "Can we please wait inside?" Someone else (a woman older than the girl at the counter) answered, "No, I'm sorry." I replied, "Why would you make customers wait outside in the rain? That's so rude." She answered, "Because we're still setting up and haven't mopped the floor yet." It was literally 5 minutes before opening. You're not mopping your whole restaurant 5 minutes before opening. I didn't expect to be sat and served 5 minutes early, but let me at least come in out of the rain. Needless to say, we went elsewhere for breakfast - to one of the dozens of other wonderful restaurants in Philadelphia. You're in the hospitality industry people; step your game up!Are here after my morning yoga class. The yogurt parfait is awesome.  Get there early it gets crowded quick.I am giving this 4-stars. Great Brunch spot in the city! 
My only complaint is that the portion sizes are small on some of the items for the prices they charge like the eggs Florentine. It is not worth $12!! very small portion! Everything on the plate was very good & fresh though just wish it was bigger! It defiantly needs to come with some kind of meat! I was still hungry!  If it came with meat than yes I would have no problem paying $12 for a breakfast meal. Would I go back? Sure! Farmicia,Jones,Sabrina's,Figs are some of my favoritesCame back for yet another law school gathering.  Very mediocre food indeed.  It's not bad, it's just not memorable.  I also like my coffee very hot but even before I let it cool or put milk in it, it was lukewarm each time.  My brunchmates complained about the slow service but I was busy talking to really notice.  The place was very packed by noon.  We came here because nothing else close by is open at 10am.  That's about it!A consistently solid choice for brunch! I've been a few times, and every time, I leave satisfied and never rushed to leave after my meal.  I had a salmon Benedict on delicious potato pancakes!! it was a VERY delicious meal. And the prices are really reasonably, mostly under 10, with a few specials hovering above 10. 
i placed a catering order here as well.  i was choosing between dibrunos and here but dibrunos was pretty rude every time i called them, so i am pretty happy to bring my business here!On my first morning in Philly, Chris R. took us to Day by Day. The night before I had a huge craving for pancakes (which were available), but the menu promised me Latke and Smoked Salmon Eggs Benedict, and I could not pass them up. The different components of the dish were all tasty in their own right, but combined I sort of felt like it was bland.  Now,  was that just my inability to appreciate a delicately flavored meal? Or did they forget to salt the damn thing? You can be the judge when you visit. Plus I could have standed some more hollandaise. 
BUT - the real star of my visit was the muffin basket. It had scones, biscuits, and amazing strawberry and cream cheese filled muffins. I immediately demanded my girlfriend make them (via text). She said she would consult Martha (Stewart) for a recipe. So far I am muffin-less in a wonderful Day by Day muffin filled world. Curse her.
Also - the coffee was good.
Lastly - show up early. If you come anytime after 10:30, you are going to wait. And if some jerk like me is at a table, he's going to take his sweet time drinking a cup of coffee he doesn't even want, just so you have to wait. That's why I never go anywhere without a reservation.Day by Day has been on our brunch to-eat list for quite some time. Dining Partner and I decided to try it on Sunday morning just after they opened at 9:30am. The restaurant wasn't full yet, but large groups began to congregate at the front door after we were seated at a table outside. We spotted a very attractive cinnamon bun in the front display case and had to try it. Take my advice, get THE CINNAMON BUN. It was warm, fluffy, fresh, and covered with cream cheese icing. I would have eaten at least 3 by myself if I didn't have a conscience. Instead of filling up on cinnamon buns I had the breakfast sandwich (a croissant with scrambled eggs, bacon, and cheese). Dining Partner had the challah french toast, which was incredibly fluffy and delicious. Great food, good service, get there early!(To the tune of Maroon 5's "Sugar")
I'm hungry baby. I'm broken down.
I need some breakfast, breakfast, 
I need it now.
Maybe hungover...
I'm feeling weak.
Hope there's a short wait, I'm begging
I'm on my knees.
I don't wanna be needing your grub
I just wanna be eating your grub
And it's killing me when there's a wait.....
Cause I really don't care where I sit
I just wanna eat there, where I sit
I just gotta get one little taste.....
Syrup
Yes please.
Won't you drizzle some on French toast, please.
I'm right here, and I need...
Little toast, some shakshouka please.
Yeah, you show me good pastries
Sausage is "alright"
Need a bit more bacon in my life....
Syrupppp
Yes, please.
Come and drizzle it on my French toast, please....
Day by Day: Your lines are intimidating. I don't think I'd venture here with a group larger than 4, and even that could be a bit.... However, what awaits inside (or, outside on lovely days) is a carby paradise full of breakfast treats, savory eats, and stuff that's sweet. I went with the shakshouka and a side of sausage, while my sister enjoyed the banana bread French toast (which is vegan!) You would never know this French toast was vegan, though, as it was so incredibly decadent and delicious. The sausage was the only part of the meal that wasn't stand-out, it tasted (and looked) like links that were made at my home and kind of underdone... Oh well, can't win em all. However, I would go back in a heartbeat to enjoy some more of their offerings. A variety of rotating French toasts has piqued my interest.I went to Day By Day for lunch not too long ago, but might have caught them at a bad time. Due to "high-volume catering," they could not serve any of their hot entrees. Apparently they do a lot of catering in the city, but the fact that the menu is subject to be so different on any given day is indeed a turnoff.
The food itself was just OK. I got a smoked salmon sandwich, and my friend got a chicken salad sandwich. Nothing to write home about. Except, actually, for their cream of broccoli soup, which was pretty delicious.
We (two of us) dropped about $40 on lunch -- and for a couple of cups of soup, and two sandwiches, that is high even for Rittenhouse standards.I'm a pretty harsh critic when it comes to breakfast foods (my favorite!) and Day By Day gets a solid grade. I'd give it 5 stars but they don't serve alcohol (read: no bloody marys or mimosas) but don't let that be a deal-breaker for you. The food is fresh, innovative, and delicious, the staff courteous, friendly, and fast, and the prices and location perfect. 
It's on the small side so get there as early as you can. Also, it's best for smaller groups (probably not the best for groups of 5+).I visited Day by Day with my daughter and her friend the morning after seeing the Offspring and before dropping them for a bus tour of the city. The wait staff was very friendly and informative as to the daily specials they kept our coffees topped off but gave us space to enjoy our breakfast as well. I had Huevos Rancheros and the girls had the sweet potato chorizo hash. Delicious eggs over a crisp tortilla with fresh pico - every bite savory with a bright finish of the roasted tomato and the pico. Daughter and friend gave two thumbs up to the hash as we left satisfied but not stuffed - great end to my night with them. You will not be disappointed!!!!!Had a delicious breakfast (egg scramble) here accompanied by a superb biscuit.  I am a sucker for well made biscuit.  Pleasant atmosphere.  We got seated immediately because we showed up right when it opened, but I noticed 45 minutes later, people were waiting in line.  My son who lives near Rittenhouse Square said it is known as being one of the best breakfast places in the immediate area.  I think he must be right.Get your Jew on! It can get a little loud, but they have an awesome brunch - I absolutely loved the latkes Benedict::  Hollandaise - poached egg - smoked salmon - latke (potato pancake). 
The stuffed challah French toast was also excellent but large enough for 2 people. It was also sweet overload - you should order coffee at least, if not home fries or bacon; it needs some savory to cut the sweet.Went there for brunch on Sunday. The food was absolutely amazing and the prices were also great. It is a very busy place and getting seated took a little long, but the actual service by the waitstaff was great! I always felt really attended to. Will definitely be back.I came here this past weekend while on a visit to Philadelphia and I must say what a great brunch spot to find! The food was good the service was great and we didn't have to wait too long. I'll stop in again when I'm in the area.It is not hard to figure out why this is such a popular brunch spot. It was an overcast cold day so I figured there might be a chance of getting a quick two top during prime brunch hours on a Saturday. 
We were seated promptly and given menus which at first were somewhat difficult to navigate with all the different specials. I was hoping to try the daily stuffed french toast but was turned off by the apricot component on this day. Oh well looks like I will have to come back again soon. Instead I went with the smoked salmon omelet Although the amount of fish was on the weaker side, it was still delicious and a good value along with the potatoes and rye toast that accompanied the plate. In addition, there were a couple pieces of fresh fruit to add to the presentation. While I was waiting I had to try one of the blackberry cream cheese stuffed muffins and wow was this a winner. 
Next time I will be back armed with a bottle of champagne (apparently its BYOB) ready to get my mimosa on while I feast on their fare.Great little place on the corner of Samson and 21st! Came here with the girlfriend for a late brunch on Sunday, so we missed the lines. We were seated immediately.
I was so surprised to see an Asian dude as our server, but he was awesome and friendly. We ordered a shrimp, andouille sausage and egg scrambler with an English muffin, and a hamsteak with eggs over medium on cornbread. So delicious; it was like eating the sustenance of the gods. I'm from the South and I approve of the cornbread. Reminds me of home. Sniff.
The only drawback is that there were basically no baked goods left since we had gotten there so late, so we didn't have anything to bring back. Will be back though; this place is fairly priced and give moderately sized portions that were satisfying for a college kid like me.Food is very tasty. But the portions are crazy small. For $12, I got a really good omelette with spinach and feta cheese. But then I got literally 7 little potatoes and ONE slice of toast cut in half. For the same price, you could go anywhere else and get more food. I usually never have an issue but the value here is pretty bad.Not good. They have this older white lady who works there but is rude as hell to customers. Not returning or recommending.This place is mediocre. Service is prompt but quite unfriendly. Pancakes are overly dry, coffee is weak and milky. They do however manage to seat you relatively quickly without much of a wait.