I was very disappointed when I went in last night; not by the food, which was amazing as always ( I have been here several times before). I could not believe the state of the service. There were two guys "working," but just barely. We sat at the bar and asked for the drink menu; we were handed an old copy, with the back bourbon list missing and were told it was the "only copy." We wanted to order bourbon, and when we asked the first guy behind the bar, he pointed vaguely at the bottles and said "Here they are" and then walked away.
We later asked the bartender for a new list, and he said he would look for one. He then walked outside and when he came back, he never told us what was available or if there was a clear list. In fact he didn't speak to is again. 
We were then basically ignored at the bar and left shortly after our food. We would have happily stayed there  to drink, had the service not been so dismal. 
Bottom line, the food is amazing but the service turned me off. We left a small tip only because I used to waitress and feel awful leaving nothing but... They really didn't deserve a tip.
Next time we will order from their take out and eat at home!I recently read about Deke's on one of the area food websites.  It's close to home so I figured that this warm weather would be perfect for some outdoor dining and some BBQ.  My trusty dining companion and I schlepped up the hill and saddled up to a picnic table.  While it took a few minutes for someone to actually tend to us, it was quite the experience from that point on.
Deke himself came over and chatted with us, explaining what meats were available and what he personally recommended.  What was most impressive to me was that he wasn't necessarily just telling us to order the most expensive item on the menu - he asked us what kind of food we liked first.  In all of my dining experiences I have never had the chef sit down at my table and ask about my preferences and then make a recommendation based on that.
Our server was a little bumbling, I will admit, and that's part of the reason for only four stars.  He knew the menu, sort of, but got a little tripped up on his own suggestions.  He was nice enough, and I think with time he will get there, but that wasn't our experience.
We ordered the chicken and ribs combo as well as a side of mac and cheese.  DC took on the challenge of eating the half-chicken while I dove into the half-rack of spare ribs.  DC's chicken was amazing.  One of the juiciest pieces of chicken I have ever had.  I thought it was a little charred on the outside, and I could do without the tub of extra sauce on the side, but otherwise it was divine.  To me, the side sauce tasted almost like watered down molasses - not all that pleasant.
My ribs were also quite good.  They literally fell off the bone and had a great smoky flavor.  Also a little charred on the outside, but still amazingly good.
The mac and cheese was really good as well.  The serving size was a little small for the price, but the flavor was good with a little kick of heat.  The only issue I had was that there was a layer of melted cheese on top which made the first few bites a little greasy.  Without that melted cheese, I would have been much more impressed.
As others have mentioned, the cornbread is sweet and moist, and i would welcome that as a bar snack at 1am.  It is delicious.  The drinks, however, do add up.  While there is a special on the menu where you get six tallboys for $12, if you only want one beer with your meal it is about $5 for anything other than bud light.
In all this was a great meal.  I would definitely go to Deke's before I went to the other two BBQ places in Manayunk.  When you can see the man outside next to the smoker, and he comes over and chats with you about what's on the grill, it all adds up to a great experience with some damn good food.This was my 2nd visit to Deke's and we decided to go with the buffet.  I was hoping for a bigger selection. The only side (other than corn bread) was mac and cheese which was very good.  The pulled pork was good and the wings were excellent.  We had several slices of corn bread which also had a 2nd use as a decadent dessert.  We also got an order of ribs on the side and they were excellent.  I had to fetch the BBQ sauce bottles and thought there was a wider selection on my last visit.  I would recommend Deke's to anyone but suggest to avoid the buffet until they get a wider selection.BEST BBQ IN PHILADELPHIA. 
Bold statement, yes...but entirely true. I have tried a number of things on the menu here, listed below...
Baby Back Ribs: Perfectly cooked and sauced, not a single complaint. Difficult to finish an entire rack, though, so come prepared.
Pulled Pork: Not sure exactly what they call it on the menu, but the sandwich is essentially pulled pork with a Carolina-style BBQ sauce. Slightly vinegar-y, slightly sweet. It's delicious. They also have additional sauces on the table if that tickles your fancy. Also, it's served with slaw that I have heard is delicious and potato wedges that are awesome.
Brisket: Always delicious, complete with their famous "Q" sauce and a brioche bun. Mmm. 
** BRING CASH. ** Cash only, ATM there charges fees. Ew.Very good BBQ for the area
Pros: 
Cute outdoor area with tables and strung lights
Parking
Prices
All-you-can-eat BBQ Thurs - Sun for $12
Mac 'n cheese :)
Cons:
Not a great craft beer selectionI'm by no means an expert on BBQ although I do eat it regularly but this was just great food. The ribs, mac and cheese, and corn break were all fantastic! Great feel to the place. Can't wait to go back when it's warm enough to open the garage doors or sit out on the picnic tables.I've been here numerous times, I hadn't written a review until I had not so great BBQ in the neighborhood and realized I needed to give credit where credit is due. 
Deke's is consistently very very good. Sauces are well balanced, smooth, and compliment the various meats that have been slow cooked expertly. 
When Deke's is not consistent, it's because it is better than it's already great reputation. A few times I've lucked into brisket perfection that makes me want to cry tears of joy. When this happens, I eat until I sweat. On these days the juicy tender beef brisket with its gorgeous rendered fat bits make me want to savor the moments for as long as possible. My vision blurs, my taste buds tingle, and I thank the heavens. 
Sides are good, but the meat here is king. This just doesn't exist at most BBQ joints.I went to Dekes last night with a friend because we were in the mood for some BBQ with parking. The establishment was pretty decent and there was a live band which really added to the ambiance. The drinks are good and the buffet left much to be desired- Mac-n-cheese was delicious, rice was meh and the pulled pork lukewarm at best. I do recommend the ribs- they weren't the fall off the bone tender type but still good. Tried the brisket and it was a little tough. Overall I would consider returning for the cocktails and the hush-puppies.2.5 Stars.  I love bbq but have not had good experiences here.  I tried a Brisket Cheesesteak and could not eat it.  The brisket was almost all fat and I only made it two bites.  I have tried the brisket here twice now and have been disappointed both times.   I grew up in KC and my favorite sandwich was the Zman at Joe's Kansas City (formerly Oklahoma Joes).  This is not even in the same ball park.
I still give 2.5 stars because the staff has been very nice, good drink specials, I like the atmosphere inside the restaurant, and I appreciate that they have parking which is extremely rare in the area.Went to deke's for the first time Friday night- and will definitely be back more often! Delicious food and a chill atmosphere. Loved the decor. A little chilly on a fall night with the garage doors open but worth it. Had pulled pork sliders and shared Mac and cheese, fritters and pickles, and cornbread/coleslaw with my fiancé. We loved everything. Waitress was helpful and recommended the pig candy for dessert- yum! Stayed after for more Leavin' Latrobe drinks. Fast service and cheap!Ya gotta love BBQ!
This stuff is the real deal.  Smoked right out in front of the restaurant, the smell of oak and fruit-wood fills the air as you approach...
and then there's Deke... the owner and top BBQ guy... he's out front telling the story, teaching the processing, and making you feel at home. 
And then there's the BBQ:  Heavy smoke, falling off the bone BBBack ribs with a sweet/tangy sauce ON THE SIDE so you can taste the mean...  and then try the Spare Ribs... a yummy nicely spicey BBQ sauce that perfectly complements (again on the side!)
Try the grits.... try the franks-and-beans...
Didn't try the Mac-n-Cheese but saw it float by.... that's for next time.
Yum.Must have hit this place on a bad night.  Meat was way overcooked and dry.  Will think about giving it another go.I really like it here.  The food is delicious and it's very cute inside. There aren't too many barbecue places around, and this is definitely one of the best.This is real barbeque.
And that was a loaded statement.
Philly and its metro area are pretty flush with barbeque places big and small.  Many of them offer humongous piles of food.  Others make spicy and sweet sauces with which you can utterly douse your food.  More still pair all their meats with uninspired heavy side dishes.  And most of them, for the most part, are pretty tasty.  But are they barbeque?  Not really.
Barbeque needs to be cooked in a pit.  Go into some other Philly barbeque joints.  Find their pit.  Indoor open pits are banned in most of the fifty states.  Time to look outdoors.  Did you find a smokehouse?  Don't lie, now.  Is there a pit with hardwood happily burning away?  Chances are there isn't.  Cooking something slowly until it's tender and then slopping on sugary sauce isn't barbeque.  And using something with an electric heat element will do in a pinch.  But once again, it's not the real deal.  You can taste when something was smoked right.  You can taste the tender loving care that goes into something that was barbequed properly.  
Deke's barbeque tastes like love.  Was everything perfect?  No, I wouldn't say so.  But do you remember the piano recital where Poindexter skillfully reads his sheet music with hardly a motion?  Or do you remember the show where the band plays with everything they had?
Let's just say I left Deke's with a big smile on my face and my ears ringing.
Must try:  Wet spare ribs - These were a standout dish.
                 Brisket - Super tender and super smokyI usually write reviews a few weeks after I eat somewhere...not tonight! Just left 20 minutes ago! This place is awesome. Ribs were also, pulled pork was awesome, sauce was awesome, wedges and slaw were awesome. I don't like cornbread (sorry) but my husband ate both our portions.
Bottom Line: You should eat here.Few things hit the spot like good barbeque.  Philadelphia actually has a decent offering in terms of good bbq, to the point that east falls/roxborough/manayunk even has a dedicated spot.  
Sitting adjacent to the ugly moose and sharing its log cabin vibe, walking into deke's is like walking into a hickory smoked sweater.  Inviting, warm, and makes you want to hug someone.  Theres ample bar seating that I usually end up sitting at.  They have a pretty standard menu for bbq, and it doesn't disappoint.  They have all their sauces at the table side for you to experiment with.  Brisket, good, pulled pork good, chicken, good, bourbon good, service good.  Once you're done, you have a weird high from a mixture of brown sugar, bourbon, and pig.  It's a pretty glorious feeling I recommend you try.LOVE.  Such a hidden treasure.  We have been five or six times now and are thrilled every time.  We are BBQ snobs and this never fails to thrill. 
Example...tonight one of the specials was a brisket cheesesteak...beef brisket chopped like cheesesteak, the cheese from the mac n cheese, and caramelized onions on awesome bread.  It was ridiculous.
Deke almost always serves you himself and he seems like a great guy.  
The only sad thing is that they are not open for lunch...but we understand that great BBQ takes time...
Recommend the mason jar drinks and outdoor seating.  Enjoy!This place is such a secret in the heart of roxborough/manayunk. Walking past the little alley/courtyard you would never know what sedcutively smoked meats awaits your sexy stomach. I like it that way. I also can't help but tell you how crazy awesome this place is as well. 
Deke is a master of the pit BBQ. You know that slow cooked, tender fall off the bone, southern style of cooking meat. He is always changing up the menu and always trying different southern recipes. One day you may find Kentucky on the menu and the next day Louisana can come out to play. His meats are saucy, tangy, and full of that smokey warm feeling. Everything is always tender and juicy. Biting into any one of his meats gives you the feeling that this meat has been prepared with the love and patience of the craft itself. 
Besides the delicious meats he has an assortment of sides that only add to the whole experience. Cornbread smothered with honey, the creamiest shells and cheese, beans slow cooked in the burnt ends of the meats, and collard greens with a kick that are just to die for! Bourbon your thing? Take a seat at the bar and do a tasting. Vodka infusions and jar drinks? They got those too!Definitely try the Baby Back Ribs, the wings, the pulled pork, and the brisket.  Also dig into the Mac and Cheese and the wedges. Wash it all down with one of their specialty mason jar cocktails.  All are great but the Dark n' Stormy is a favorite... and they're two-for-one on Thursday nights.This BBQ is so good. The staff was so pleasant. I love the decor and ambiance of the restaurant. Very creative!Awesome bbq! Love the ambiance of the garage doors, mason jars and country feel.Two consecutive weeks of excellent pork ribs.  Looking forward to more. Line those little piggies up.This is the kind of gem I imagined finding when I moved to this neighborhood.  The place has a casual atmosphere with a yummy concept.  I loved the open garage in the summer.
I think the best thing we ordered was the mac n cheese.  The BBQ was great, too!
I want to come back and try the buffet.  BBQ is usually pretty easily served family style.I went to Deke's for a networking event. I never heard of the place but it is one of the best hidden BBQ places in the Manayunk / Roxborough area. Deke gave us a full presentation on how he prepares the meat and cooking lessons if we want to try this at home. I'm definitely coming back to this little gem for more BBQ and to try the pig candy.Ribs were awesome and the waitress was very polite as was the barmaid. Being from the urban area they made me feel very comfortable staying I recommend this place to anyone oh yeah the Beers and drink spc were greatEveryone needs purpose in their life. Some people make it their purpose to make money, have babies, or maybe smoke crack. If you're Deke, the one-man show of Deke's BBQ, your purpose in life is to provide the 'Yunk with true finger-licking, lip-smacking, soul-enriching BBQ grub.
I've always wanted to be a regular at a local joint and my girlfriend Christy and I found it in Deke's. We walk in to the "bar in the backyard garage" and Deke immediately greets us by name AND order. Two Fat Dude's with a side of extra "Q" sauce. He always follows up with the same question, "So who's going to Quad the Dude today?"  
**LIGHTBULB**
I think I've found my purpose. To someday Quad the Dude. Once I give up my job and lifestyle as a personal trainer, I will make serious efforts to Quad the Dude: Eat 4 Fat Dude platters in one sitting (Sandwich, fries, slaw, and pickles) to receive free Fat Dude's for a full calendar year. 
There are always cons that come with the pros. Christy has two:
1) The TV screens are so perfectly placed and always tuned in to the most current sport event that allows/causes/MAKES me watch and I therefore do not give her my full attention
2) The focus of my eyes shift immediately from her to the plate when dinner is served for fear of losing sight of the most delicious BBQ on this side of the Schuylkill.
Besides getting slapped upside the head by the girlfriend every once and a while to bring me back to (her) Earth, Deke's provides me with what I view as 5 stars in all the quality categories: food, atmosphere, and most importantly, service.
Good eats, good drinks, you all have GOT to get to Deke's!!!Amazing food and atmosphere.. Another hole in the wall... BBQ and a great atmosphere doesn't get any better.. The staff was very friendly and the service was great.. Kudos and cheersThis place is amazing!!! The environment is really cool and the BBQ is so flavorful and tender.  All the servers and bartenders were really nice. Deke even came to our table!4.5 Stars...  Probably the best ribs you'll have in this area.  I like a little pull on my ribs and these pretty much came off the bone, but they were still so great.  My wife and I ordered the full rack of St, Louis ribs, collard greens, shells and cheese, coleslaw and cornbread.  My main regret was ordering a full rack of ribs for my wife any myself.  After eating our amazing meal, I wish we split a half rack and tried another type of meat.  Possibly robbed ourselves of more great flavors.  The ribs - main part of our meal were 5 star...  The collard greens might have been the best I ever had and were also five star.  Every single BBQ place I go to has coleslaw and none stand up to Deke's.  It is so perfect that I am considering applying for a kitchen job to learn the recipe and technique.  The shells (mac) and cheese was good, but not special.  I didn't really care for the cornbread and for those two things, that's why I knocked a star off.  
We ordered our food for takeout on a Sunday night and sat at the bar while we waited.  The food arrived so fast.  As a side note, this was a cash only place, but there was an ATM machine available.  
As the aroma filled my car, I raced home as fast as I could.  It might have taken me twenty minutes to get home, but the food was still hot when we sat down to eat.  Everything looked and smelled like perfect BBQ food.  
I already want to go back and I reserve the right to update my review and add another star if the rest of the meats are just as amazing.  Since this was my first trip, I am hesitant to give this place five stars right away, but it's possible that it might earn them.$12 for the all-you-can-eat buffet was an amazing deal! The pulled pork was some of the best I've ever eaten. They also had flights of any 3 whiskeys for $9, but I'm not sure if that's a regular thing. During our meal, the owner and a few others routinely came by to ask how the food was and if we needed anything, but managed to do this without rushing us to finish our meals. I can't wait to come back and try the a la carte menu. Note that it's cash-only. Best to come prepared, but there is an on-site ATM available just in case.Place is awesome and as parking... Thank god. Had their sliders and Mac&cheese, really good. Nice people around you, OK pricing, drinks are mixed well and not to packed sometimes. I just wish they could accept debt card.We used to stop at this spot after long mountain bike rides through Wissahickon park. Tired and starving by the time the sun went down, we would hop out of the woods and cruise down Shurs Lane to grab a beer and the best BBQ at our favorite hide out full of intramural sports team post game hang outs and locals grabbing dinner. We were so sad last summer to approach the spot after a ride and see no lights and a pile of bricks that used to be Deke's BBQ! Please tell me this location is being rebuilt  :oBest BBQ in the Yunk (and possibly all of Philly). Kind of hidden in the same lot as the Ugly Moose but they have possibly the best pulled pork and mac n' cheese that I've ever tasted. Deke usually also has a special of some kind running on whatever he was able to get his hands on so I definitely recommend stopping back often. When the garage doors open up in the summer it's the perfect place to go for a night of great food and great drinks. I personally have done about 3 birthday parties here for myself and my fiance and the $20 open bar special can't be beat (plus you can tack on an all you can eat BBQ buffet for an additional $10).Great bbq, friendly people, nice atmosphere. Will return for more.Absolutely the best BBQ in the area.  I consider this place to be the best food in Manayunk, period.  Over the years I have eaten in almost every restaurant in the Manayunk area and Deke's blows them all away.  All the meats are cooked to perfection and the mac-n-cheese is excellent.  If you come for the weekend buffet, you will be stuffed.Best BBQ I've had in Philly.  Ribs were wicked meaty and the flavor went through to the bone.  The meat came off clean and heartily and the use of sauce was uneccessary.  
Deke was also kind enough to give our party an order of his wet spare ribs, which were better than his ribs.  Great tangy flavor.  Will definitely be back to order some more.Just ordered take out. I had the Baby Back Ribs. They were ah-ma-zing. So meaty and tons of flavor. I got half a rack and the portion was huge. 
Cornbread was delish as well. Had a nice honey glaze. This will for sure be our go-to BBQ place.Food: amaz-balls. Music: Pandora, but absolutely fitting. Drinks: keep 'em coming. This place is perfect chill atmosphere for the old head, hipster, or anything else in between. No jacket and tie required. Just park and enjoy everything.I'm from Texas so I was a little apprehensive trying a BBQ place up here but this place is awesome. I ordered the platter and split it with my friend, it came with aa half chicken, ribs, and cornbread. Ribs were falling of the bone and chicken was moist. They also have 3 BBQ sauces sitting on the table and I liked the spicier one.Really good BBQ. I have been down south many times to places such as Waco and auburn, and although the food at deke's isn't quite on the same level as it is down south, it is really good and probably some of the best around the Philadelphia area. It's a small shop so you have to get the food to go but I personally prefer that since it's the kinda food one would probably get to go anyway. The pulled pork and the ribs are my favorites here. If you're in the mood for BBQ then deke's is the place to go.I've been here a few times and the food is great. However, they've lost us as customers. We were at a private party there yesterday and it was great... Until they opened for dinner and (after we had been drinking/eating for hours and spending money there) we were told we had to leave. Apparently we were taking up "valuable bar space" and not spending enough money. What? We would have spent more but the bartender was impossible to grab. I'm so disappointed! I was considering having my husband's birthday there but now I'll never go back. It's a shame too--their food is so good...Finally came to Deke's with friends who rave about this restaurant. The whole menu is mouth watering upon your first look but the best deal is the $12 buffet. I got to have to sticky wings, pulled pork, rib tips and Mac & Cheese for $12! The baby back ribs fall off the bone. The corn bread is Caramelized on top which is a nice sweet treat for all of the savory food we had. I highly recommend this place if you are trying to avoid eating on Main Street in Manayunk.I worked with Jackie to plan a large picnic for 200 people.  She was amazing.  Perfectly professional, easy to communicate with and so so so helpful.  I was handed the project from my boss at the last minute, and had to deliver.  Without Jackie's help, I wouldn't have been able to!  She not only helped me work out the menu, but also the appropriate numbers and ALL within my budget.  What an amazing accomplishment.  Everyone everyone everyone, was raving about the food.  It was delicious and met all the dietary needs that come with a group that size: gluten free, nut free and vegetarian (who expects that with BBQ?!?! right).  Anyway, I can't say thank you enough to Deke's!I've been going to Deke's for years. Like..... Before it was on Yelp. I don't particularly like the scene in Manayunk, but I go there just to eat at Deke's. It is by far the best barbecue you will get in Philadelphia.
The brisket and ribs are insane! I get the Fat Dude sandwich and mac n cheese every time I go. My boyfriend, who is a new and already loyal customer, will eat an entire pound of brisket and a whole chicken....... I know. That's ridiculous. But it's honestly that good.
They also have a nice selection of bourbon and some decent mason jar cocktails. Or if you're drinking on a budget, I believe you can get a bucket of pounders? Haha. Did not make that up...
The staff is really friendly, especially Deke and all the ladies. Even the grumpy male bartenders are pretty funny. :)
If you're in the area or you live here and you've never been, you must check it out.I haven't returned since December, but I just took a roadtrip to BBQ country.  Apparently, I've had the world's best BBQ and went to really great places.  After trying all of that food, I've determined that Deke's was equal or better than some of those joints.Went to Deke's to start a bachelor party weekend.  We ordered the all you can eat and it was amazing.  As soon as you pull in you can smell that you are close to some great bbq.  The service was super and we will definitely go back.  I highly recommend giving Deke's a try.  You will not be disappointed!The BEST bbq ever! This place is amazing! And if their food wasn't enough, they have a great whiskey flight.First time at this place and really enjoyed it.  The atmosphere is great... laid back, picnic tables and indoor/outdoor seating.  We sat at the bar and got a few beers.  I had the st louis ribs with cornbread and coleslaw, and those ribs are some of the best I had in the area.  I'd definitely come again, but it would be nice to know that it was cash only earlier in the night.My fiancé and I have eaten at Deke's several times and have always had an amazing meal, accompanied by excellent service. We have sampled endless quantities of food (courtesy of the all-you-can-eat BBQ, a bargain at $20), which has included pulled pork sliders, short ribs, baby back ribs, grilled wings, homemade cornbread and pickles, baked beans, collard greens, and smoked sausage. The food is prepared in his own outdoor smokers and often times, served by Deke himself. He is a kind, personable, and accommodating man, who genuinely loves to see his customers enjoy his food. If you are looking for delicious, finger-licking BBQ, visit Deke's and be prepared for a welcoming atmosphere that provides soul-satisfying food.A regular stop for me on my trips to Philly. A testament to their greatness is that I live in North Carolina, and I always eat a half pound of eastern Carolina pulled pork drowned in Carolina red sauce whenever I come through, and I made a point to take a pound home this last time. I've had their equivalent at house bbqs, but nobody in Greensboro sells anything I can shovel down with such gusto. The buffet is AWESOME. Staff is mostly friendly and helpful. Don't do the bro bomb, it's exactly as gross as it sounds. ;) but get thyself to their bbq! I wish I could review more menu items, but I'm addicted!Overall, Deke's is one the best places for BBQ in the area and surprisingly I had not visited until Sunday. I have been fortunate to try Deke's through a Lucky's Last Chance burger topped with pulled pork, but it was so much more to visit in person.
While there is limited parking within the parking lot, there is plenty of open street parking as well. I did find it odd that the valet service only parked cars that came nearby and seemed to be out of place for a casual restaurant. 
For dinner we ordered the buffet, which was a good mix with pulled pork, chicken, brisket, macaroni and cheese, green beans, and broccoli casserole. For $12 cash it was some of the best money spent all weekend and offered more than other BBQ restaurants. 
Our server seemed very busy and it seemed she was covering every table at the restaurant with orders. It may help to have a second person to avoid any delays with delivery of food/drinks or change to tables. 
I believe the experience spoke for itself and we will visit again soon on a warm, sunny day.I'm a fan and a regular. I've had the pulled pork, baby back ribs, chicken, pulled pork sliders, wings, shells and cheese, fritters and pickles, beans, coleslaw and cornbread.  The go to menu items for me are the pulled pork and the baby backs with shells and cheese and fritters and pickles. Beans are meh, they just don't serve enough slaw to enjoy with pulled pork, and the cornbread is adequate at best.
They provide the type of BBQ sauce that should suffice your palate.
It is very casual - it looks like at some point in time it used to be a mechanic's garage - seating can be an issue, and it is cash only.As a BBQ lover, I would definitely recommend Deke's amazing chicken BBQ and pulled pork! The mac and cheese and green beans were very tasty too!Customer service is a huge thing - and it's unbelievable that the owner, Deke actually takes the time to welcome you to his place, explain his meats and offer drink and food suggestions without being pushy.  It was an extremely pleasant surprise to go to an establishment with such great customer oriented service.  That in and of itself is worth 5 stars.
My boyfriend & I went here after seeing the great reviews on yelp and having just recently moved to this area - had to try it.  We ordered the chicken & ribs combo - and a side of baby back ribs.  The chicken and ribs combo comes with a basket of wedges and cornbread & coleslaw. We also ordered some mac & cheese.  He got a PBR Pounder & I tried the dark & Stormy.  Now, for the details.
PBR Pounder:  You know.  And if you don't, take off your hipster glasses.
Dark & Stormy: Comes in a mason jar - which is awesome & unique.  It was very strong - I had trouble finishing it - but for $9 at least I got my money's worth!  It was a 16 oz mix of ginger beer and rum - I will be getting this again.
Cornbread & Pickles: I'm not a pickle person - although I like the sweet gherkin pickles which these reminded me of. The cornbread it drizzled with some sweet sauce - and it's wonderful.
The baby back ribs and spare ribs were both really good, moist and flavorful.  We got both so we could figured out which we enjoyed more (we both liked the Spare Ribs better)
The chicken is lunch tomorrow - as we couldn't finished all this food, so I will update you then (This food was so good I had to review it right away - and I was so impressed with the customer service)
Coleslaw: I am not a huge fan of coleslaw but I usually end up at least trying it every restaurant I go to - but this coleslaw was really, really good!!
Mac & Cheese:  I can't even form a complete sentence about this. O.M.G.  Just try it.  It's so amazing.  I'm stuffed but I want to go back right now and get more mac and cheese. SO GOOD.
On top of the food being delicious and the owner being awesome, the rest of the staff is amazing as well - someone from the kitchen came out to ask us how our food was, and the bartender was very attentive and funny while closing out our check.
This is a great place for wonderful food in a casual bar atmosphere that's comfortable.  It's great to know that the owner really seems to care about each person that walks in his shop - and he will answer any questions you have about meat or how it's cooked or anything.  We will DEFINITELY be coming back here.
IF THIS IS TOO LONG TO READ THROUGH - KNOW THIS: FOOD IS AMAZING, SERVICE IS INCREDIBLE AND THE MAC AND CHEESE IS TO DIE FOR.  That sums it up.Deke's has great BBQ. It's the best around. Good portions, good sides, quick service, quick takeout. They're doing a good thing there. All of the people are great. Bar in the garage has a great feel. Can't beat Deke's.DEEELICIOUS!  I'm not a BBQ connoisseur but I know what I like...and I like this place and their food.
Had a half rack of spare ribs and a side of slaw and corn bread. I couldn't finish and was quite satisfied. AND they have Shiner Bock - in Philadelphia!
Our bartender/server, Karen, was wonderful. Everything here is as a BBQ joint should be. Summery and friendly and welcoming and comfortable! Looking forward to a return trip and bringing friends.
Next time I'll have to remember to get some sauce to slather on my meat, but it isn't necessary. Fall Off The Bone tender and just smokey tasting enough. Mmmm, Mmmm GOOOD!The missus and I just rented a house two blocks from this BBQ joint and the property manager told us to definitely fit it into our future plans. We of course went immediately. We got there about 10 minutes before the posted opening time and were greeted by Deke himself saying he needed a few more minutes to set up. We jaunted (yes, we occasionally jaunt) over to the Ugly Moose for a bevy and came back 20 minutes later to chow down on some flesh. Deke recognized us from 20 minutes earlier and thanked us for coming back and asked us what we wanted. I said I wanted all of it - in fact, give the us "the essence of Deke." Holy &%&@ does the man deliver. I cannot explain how perfectly seasoned, smoked, and sauced his dishes are. I cannot simplify the complexity of the simplicity of what he is doing here. If you are ever in the area, do yourself and everyone who is traveling with you a favor and stop by, fill your belly, and thank me later.Deke's has great BBQ. Sorry to see the restaurant on Shurs Lane closed, but fortunately the take out location at 4901 Ridge Ave is still open. They expect to open a new bar/restaurant location sometime in the near future, until then there's always takeout.Very cool location in a garage in a lot hidden off of Shur's Lane above Manayunk.  The garage is set up with a nice bar, big open doors, big tv's with a few picnic tables outside and some booths and high-top tables indoor.  There is not a lot of seating.  The service was impeccable.  The prices were reasonable and portions very big.  I was just not a huge fan of the smoke.  I know there are different versions of bbq, but this place left us tasting and smelling smoke for days.  The quality of the meat was good to very good.  We had the baby back ribs, wings, brisket, pulled pork, mac 'n cheese, cornbread and green beans.  We typically love bbq, but after eating here I felt like I barely survived smoke inhalation.  Sorry, to say I don't think we would return, but the place is really cool and for those that like smoky bbq this would be must try.Definitely some of the best BBQ I've ever eaten. Pulled pork sliders are amazing and the sweet Potatoe Mac&cheese is awesome. Great atmosphere.I waited to go here twice before posting my reveiw due to the amount of amazing reviews. The first time coming to Dekes I had the Chubby Hubby Sandwich. I gotta say I found everything but the actual meat the best part. The pickles: dynamite. but the sausage itself was good. but Ive certainly had better.
I went again last night for redemption. Ordered half rack of ribs (they surprised me with the type), cheese fries, and pulled pork sliders. Of the 3 the cheese fries win. The ribs (i think they were babyback), were overcooked and tough, which was really unfortunate as the sauce on it was very very goood. 
The sliders: the buns were ubber stale. I couldnt believe this. They were rock hard. To top it off, there were several fatty pieces of pork too. 
The icing on the cake: Cash only. their ATM was broken. They will let me come back on tuesday with cash. 
I really want to give Dekes more stars especially because I love the staff, ambiance, drink menu, and the music they play, but going strickly on food, I just cant. Ive had better bar-b-queHey Jackie, yes it was this past Saturday.  Appreciate your attentiveness to customer comments!Deke's is an EXCELLENT example of what an American restaurant should be, and here's why:
Timing: I've been here twice when visiting a friend in Philadelphia, and I'll probably go there every time I'm in the city.  We enjoyed a birthday dinner last night, and Deke made special vegetarian fare just because a few guests were veggies... AWESOME SERVICE THERE!
FOOD: the buffet is AMAZING with baked beans and rib tips and collard greens...  the menu is not fixed, apparently Deke (an Ohioan), loves changing up BBQ styles.  We got the Kentucky flavors this time around.  He made a cole slaw BBQ sauce to go on a spinach potato and egg hash.  It was sweet and savory at the same time.  The grilled vegetables were seasoned just right and grilled to PERFECTION!  Onions, tomatoes, brussel sprouts, baby carrots, and tofu.  I don't even like tofu and I LOVED this tofu. 
DRINKS: The beer bucket is hilarious, in a word.  6 cheap 16oz canned beers including Schlitz, PBR, and Rolling Rock.  The cocktails looked great... the juice in them is FRESH SQUEEZED DAILY.  I mean, you can't get better than that, can ya?
VENUE: it smells perfectly BBQ smoky in there, there are booths, high tops, plenty of bar seats, and a picnic table.  It's not too loud, perfect for groups to get together for food and drinks.  Deke's is in an old garage, but it feels totally different from that.  4 bathrooms - always good.
SERVICE: Couldn't be better.  The servers are really friendly, and Deke is out at the bar talking to people and checking in.  It was really a nice laid back spot.This is really really good BBQ.  I am not usually big chicken eater and the sauce on this was amazing and moist.  My kids ravished the ribs even though they had a touch of heat, and the special brisket cheese stake was amazing.  The regular brisket order was a little tough but very good and not fatty like most places. The service was very efficient and so incredibly friendly, a waitress even let one of our kids use her jacket. No that is not an everyday occurrence. 12 buffet all you can eat pulled pork was delicious, beans with large chucks of sausage, bread, macaroni and cheese, zucchini and free valet parking This is a definite winner and we will be back.Best bar in Manayunk as far as I'm concerned. It's located in the garage at the Ugly Moose. The owner cooks all the food - bbq, Georgia style mac & cheese, decent beer selection... great specials and lots of screens to watch the Phillies.This is hands down the best place I have found in Philly for BBQ.  You have to try it...best ribs I've had in years.I'm reading other reviews on this site, and I simply don't understand some of them. I've been eating and drinking at Deke's since August 2011, and I have to say that I have NEVER been disappointed. The food is always excellent, the staff is extremely helpful, knowledgeable, and friendly, and Deke is a laid-back and friendly individual. 
The food.....Simply incredible! 
***The wings are full of flavor and are FULL wings, not the small wings that you get at most restaurants. These are BIG and TASTY.
***The Ribs fall of the bone, wonderfully seasoned, and full of Deke's special sauce.
***The Brisket tastes just like my grandmother's recipe. Tender and full of flavor. It's the perfect addition to any salad or as it's own entree.
***Pork Sliders.....WOW! Need I say more?
It is very hard to find a restaurant/bar in today's world where you get great service, great food, and a great atmosphere. Deke's BBQ has it all. I truly recommend this establishment. If you aren't sure because of the other reviews that people have written, I implore you to try Deke's BBQ for yourself and form your own opinions. I guarantee that you will NOT BE DISAPPOINTED!Just great BBQ and drinks. My wife isn't the biggest fan of BBQ and even she loved it. I've tried almost all the drink specials and theyre all equally good. Big thumbs up!Deke's has caused me to become BBQ obsessed. So I went back last night. The beer tasted better, but the ribs were worse and the brisket was disturbingly fatty. Color Me Disappointed.
Maybe just an off night, so they'll get another shot. Still good, but inconsistent is bad in this business.I miss home so much and this place hits home! Their sweet tea is the unsweetest "sweet" tea I've ever had in my life, but they more than make up for it with their food, buffet, and prices. I am sad that they will be closing down soon, but I am happy the other Location will still be up and running. Please sweeten your tea more, I know sweet tea for some reason isn't popular amongst northerners, but unsweetened tea offends my southern taste buds.Brisket Cheesesteak? Yes please.
Very good food...and it a quaint little spot (Ridge Ave location) that is perfect for the grab-n-go BBQ delight. Wait for your food with a short stroll to see the mighty Wissahickon creek.OMG! I ate an an entire BBQ chicken all by myself and shiiiiii* I think it's still chirping in my belly! Sorry PETA but I needed the 80g of protein that the bird provided! And to top it off, I went waaaaaay overboard and got that chocolate pecan pie slice... and woooooooow, I think I had a hard-on the entire drive back to NYC. DEFINITELY a must stop when in town!!!!!While I live about an hour away, I've gone out of my way to eat at Deke's several times. I've always gotten some variation of the ribs and they have yet to disappoint. The only downfall is that Deke's is cash only. They have an atm on site which is great, though if your bank charges you fees to use outside an outside atm, make sure to stop before arriving!
Enjoy!In Roxborough/Manayunk, this place sits next to the Ugly Moose.  I do really like the atmosphere with the meat smokers and picnic tables outside. Not to mention the interior of garage bar. Servers are excellent, friendly and attentive.
Now while the BBQ isn't the best I had, I've been to Texas and been spoiled by some awesome BBQ.  But I understand this is Philly, the most authentic BBQ isn't going to be there.  But, what is there is good enough and good to bring me back. Also, they have an awesome buffet from Thurs-Sat.
I do wish they took credit cards as well, but some good BBQ food and really nice atmosphere is hard to find in Philly, so Deke's will have to do.Still love Deke's, but after having BBQ in the south, Deke's just isn't quite as delicious as I once thought it was.I am by no means a bbq aficionado, but what I do know is that nothing beats the type of bbq that falls of the bone and has a smokey, sweet, and tangy taste to it. Deke's for me was hit or miss. Maybe my mistake was in trying the bbq buffet that they were offering during one of the nfl playoff games. The cornbread was good, the collards were spicy, but the meat itself was a bit dry and uneventful. On the other hand, we ordered a half rack of ribs and the meat was tender and falling of the bone. 
The environment is cool and you leave smelling like a campfire, so it has that going for it...I would try it again, but would skip the buffet and just order the ribs and some sides from the kitchen.We accidentally stumbled upon Deke's while looking for somewhere to go out to eat one night. It's in the same lot as the Ugly Moose, and we happened to walk in to Deke's.
     As it was a Friday night, they have a BBQ buffet for $12 on Thursday - Sunday. We thought that was a good enough thing to try out. The options were pulled pork (with rolls for sandwiches), turkey and rice, bleu cheese mac&cheese, collards with pickled onions, baked beans with sausage, and smoked chicken legs (drumsticks). For an additional $8 you can add a 1/2 rack of ribs to your meal. I decided to go with the ribs as well.
     The BBQ offerings were pretty good. The pork was a good quality, and there were a few sauces that added to it. The smoked chicken was a little too sauced for my taste, but the texture and smoked flavor was good. The collards and the turkey with rice I really enjoyed. Perhaps because they helped cut the natural fattiness/richness of the ribs. I thought the ribs were ok. I've said I like the meat a little more firm... No sliding right off the bones. This was very tender, but pulled from the bone too easily. I will say it was a large portion for the $8 addition.
     I'm not a huge mac&cheese fan, but I thought it was good. My girlfriend really liked it (she's a mac&cheese person). The baked beans with sausage were also delicious, but with so many options I couldn't fit any more than a taste.Was at Deke's last night  for the first time in awhile.. Had a really enjoyable meal..  They had a special of beef ribs that I ordered.. They cut the meat off the bone which was a monster sized bone.. The meat was just delicious and the portion was large... I normally am a baby back orderer but these beef ribs are something I'd look for again..  The slaw and cornbread and wedge fries are also excellent.. The atmosphere was really nice also... as the place was comfortably packed.. The smell of the smoked meats and playoff game on TV just made it a very fun place to eat.. The bartender was so nice and helpful and Deke always comes out to make sure things are good..  My brother had the buffet for 12 dollars and he said it was excellent also.. I sampled a bit of the macaroni and cheese from the buffet and it was dense and delicious.
If you want a fun meal and a delicious meal...and enjoy BBQ.. there is no better place in Philly..We had Deke cater our daughter's St Joseph's University Graduation party last night - January 5 th  and can say that the food and he
 and wife Jackie's service were Awesome!  We had ribs, brisket, pulled pork , corn bread, cole slaw, pickles, rolls  . The meat was very tender, It was a huge hit!  My hometown of Roxborough has Great Barbeque!Great food great atmosphere. Owner and chef made me a gluten free dish that was amazing. If you like good BBQ get to dekes!Deke is a mad man!
Although I didn't explore the wide range of bourbons, I did indulge in the buffet and a rack of ribs... I'm really feeling it today, too.  The buffet featured a cornbread and sausage stuffing (which I never had before and it was amazing), Louisiana style turkey, smoked meatballs, vegetables and brisket.  As soon as I finished the buffet, the ribs showed up and if I were a smarter person, I would have given up then... but I didn't. I tried to pull apart the first rib and the bone just slid right out as if it were never a part of the cow to begin with. But with the first bite, smoke filled my head and I slipped into a mini food coma (could have been the Victory Golden Monkeys).
Back to Deke being a mad man; he's a very social restaurant owner and his partial insanity stems into the way he cooks BBQ!  My father-in-law actually sells Deke cutting boards and when I brought it up to him, he threw his arm around me and said, "Dude, you gotta check this out!" He gave me a tour of the kitchen (which was spotless), showed me the new cutting space, how they spice things up, where they smoke things, etc.  I digress... Get to Deke's when you can and try whatever he recommends because he knows better than you!The best BBQ spot around the Manayunk area, a definite bang for your buck. I've also had great customer, everytime I've been to the restaurant.A couple months ago I decided to check out the Ugly Moose with my roommate.  We saw Deke outside working on the garage, talked to him, and were excited that a sweet new BBQ place was opening up down the street from us.  After being underwhelmed by Tommy Gunn's, I was ready to try some Deke's!  
I just came back from there with my parents and we were all satisfied.  They both got the brisket platter, and I got the Fat Dude sandwich.  This was a pretty delicious sandwich, it was definitely the smokiest barbecue I've ever had.  The potato wedges were alright.  We also got a side of the jalapeno fritters which were decent, and they came with some awesome pickles.  In addition, the prices were definitely reasonable.
If I didn't have to study and had the freedom to slip into a food coma, I definitely would've gotten the all-you-can-eat deal.  Next time!I really want to love Deke's. Like I really do. But the hours are all weird, the service and food are inconsistent and the people working at take out are always so rude! I love the one on Shurs - yeah it gets ratchet with your typical manayunk kids, but it's fun and the buffet is worth it.
Definitely recommend it, but just as a place to kick it & relax. Don't expect anything special!I really love Dekes on a warm night. It's super casual and good to bring kids.  They have an awesome drink selection we always get a bucket of pounders. The all you can eat is a great deal but I love the cheesesteak. Pickles and Mac and cheese are a must every time. I've had a lot of things on the menu and they are all delicious. In the mood for BBQ?  Hit this place up.I don't know what else to say except for - BEST SMOKED BBQ EVER!
My boyfriend and I recently moved from Charlotte, NC for work, me to Philly and him to Dallas. Being from the south (NC and GA - I'm from FL too, but that's not considered the "south"), I have had plenty of time to try all sorts of BBQ joints, including several BBQ (+beer and bourbon) festivals that Charlotte hosts every year, and nothing has left a lasting impression on my taste buds like Deke's. 
Having failed at finding a good BBQ place in Dallas, I did my research and found Deke's in my own backyard of Manayunk/Roxborough for when he came to visit.
First off, I love that this place is off the beaten path. If you blink while driving down Shurs (and possibly while walking, if you are like me), you might miss it, but if you are lucky enough to stumble across it, it is located off the road, back in this great cobblestone paved courtyard alongside the Ugly Moose. 
Being gluttons for good BBQ, we had a chance to sample most items on the menu, starting with the whole wings. Seriously, is the idea of "whole wings" not impressive in and of itself? These aren't the dinky little drumsticks and flats that you get from any old bar on Main Street. These are WHOLE wings! And they are not just wings that are taken out of the freezer and tossed in a deep frier, these are SMOKED for hours! Come prepared to get messy eating these delicious guys. 
Next, we tried the smoked brisket topped with onions and homemade pickles and the "Chubby Subby" smoked pork and beef sausage. Everything was homemade and absolutely incredible. We also tried the spare ribs with some thick cut steak fries. One thing to note about smoked BBQ is that the meat gets this smoke ring to it where the inside is a lighter pink color than the outer edges. While it looks undercooked, it's actually perfectly prepared and delicious!
What made the ribs and steak fries even more amazing was that they still tasted great heated up in the oven as leftovers! It loved bringing that smoky goodness home with me.
So, how to get the best experience our of Deke's do you ask? It's easy, come prepared:
(1) Bring cash. Yes, it's cash only, but if you know this ahead of time, you can run to your bank's ATM and avoid the extra charges at their ATM inside. I bank with a credit union based in WI with no local branches, so yes, I know it's a pain, but it's a small cost to pay to get delicious, smoked BBQ. 
(2) Know that there is the possibility that they will run out. Deke smokes his BBQ fresh everyday, so when it's gone, it's gone. This stuff takes hours to cook, so you can't just whip up a fresh batch. My boyfriend learned this first hand in Dallas; he went out several nights in a row looking for BBQ when his buddies were in town, and every place was sold out. Just think of it as a testament to how amazing the food is. Simple solution - get there as early as you can.
(3) Keeping in pace with the above comment, get there early or be prepared for a wait (long or short). We got there around 6:30 on a Saturday, and the place was already filled up. Being a cold March day, we weren't ready to eat out in the courtyard at the picnic tables (although I can't wait for it to warm up so that I can), but we were willing to wait for a couple seats at the bar to open up. Think of this as a positive thing; it gives you a chance to order great drinks, whether it's a house cocktail, homemade liquor, bourbon, craft beer, or even a cheap beer, if that's more your budget and taste.This place is a summer evening must...  If u want a outside or semi outside dinner, this is a good one!
I more often get the take out from ridge, but their sit down is fun, and friendly with a down home hanging with the Duke boys feel.  
The food is great!Let me start by staying that I don't even eat meat...and this place rocks.
Deke made me the most amazing smoked veggie sammich w/ potato wedges + signature pictures. Nom nom nom. 
The BF + his buddy went for the meat tasting + were equally pleased. (Apparently the spare ribs are the bees knees). Each course was hand delivered by Deke, himself, and following the meal a look at the giant magical smoker itself. Deke puts a love of love into everything he prepares.
Careful on the drinks, my friends. They do add up...I've waited an hour for delivery, Eat Street does the restaurant's online orders. The restaurant says they don't deliver. The restaurant says they can't cancel the order and reverse my credit card bill. I say, I can avoid this Restaurant until they figure out how to use modern technology.The best bbq in the area (and I've had a lot of bbq) very authentic! Baby back ribs = awesome. Wings = awesome. Shells and cheese = awesome. Corn bread = awesome.  If you're lucky enough to grab a drink, they have great whiskey drinks. However it's a small restaurant so get there early.  They have take out which is just as amazing!  Go there.What can I say that isn't good about this place. The food, the waitstaff, the prices....all fantastic. I've gone multiple times and everytime it just gets better. I've brought many people here for their firsts and they assure me dekes has not seen the last of them.
I recommend the ribs with the xxx sauce, homemade corn bread ( please take into consideration that I do not like corn bread, that is until I had theirs), and the nilla pudding.Ugh, I hate to write bad reviews but I kinda feel I should speak up here. 
If you love BBQ and have ever enjoyed it below the Mason-Dixon line -- don't do Deke's. Just don't do it. Seriously. Spare yourself the disappointment. 
I've been to Deke's twice -- the first time I thought maybe it was an "off" night but now I'm pretty sure these guys just don't care.
The prices? OMG -- ridiculous. I cannot believe they charge what they charge for so little food. Real southern BBQ is served "family style" -- you can buy it by the pint like deli food. A pint of this, a pint of that... Sides, too. When you order a side here, you get a little single-serving size portion. Really, guys?? How are you supposed to share? BBQ is about big plates and good food. BBQ is not to be doled out in little styrofoam containers at five bucks a pop. 
Aside from that, the food is atrocious. I'm sorry, that's the only word I have for pulled pork practically floating in sauce. Now, I don't mind BBQ with some fat in it, but ours had, literally, STRIPS of wobbly fat that we had to pick out by hand. Like, our pound & a half container (that cost like $25 by the way!) had by conservative estimate a tennis ball's worth of fat blobs.
 My first mouthful, I felt the squishy-squish and tried to swallow but there was so much, I had to spit it out. This has NEVER happened to me, in all ten years living on the Georgia-South Carolina border, eating at god knows how many BBQ joints, from backyard shacks to bigger chains. 
I could go on, since I tasted my way around the menu in order to be fair. Let's see: the brisket was dry, the chicken was greasy, the mac 'n cheese was GOOEY, *not* the firmer, more seasoned Southern version as claimed on their menu. The desserts were passable but chintzy little overpriced portions.
I love me some good BBQ and truly feel sad for anyone who settles for the food served here. Deke's owes the South an apology.Atmosphere was great but food was mediocreI remember going to this place before it was Deke's and it was just the "Garage."  The renovation of the location is brilliant and there's not a better place to be on a beautiful summer night than here, with the doors open and the grill, smoking.
I felt like a regular here before I moved to the area and go there about once a week now that it's a neighborhood bar.
Now to the business, the food is incredible.  I have been here no less than 25 times since it's been open and between my buddies and I, have not been disappointed with anything on the menu.  By far my favorites combos are the 1/2 chicken platter and the pulled pork in any variety I can get it that day.  The pulled pork is sweet and if you add a little bit of the "XXX" sauce, it gives it just enough heat to balance it perfectly.
They have an ever evolving drink/beer selection with some great original mixed drinks in mason jars and if you're feeling frisky, opt for the Bro Bomb.
Side note, my brother in law (who grew up in Dallas) was in town and brought him here and said that the brisket is some of the best he's ever had and Texas knows their BBQ.Service, atmosphere were good, liked that it was a converted garage and the smokers were out front of the building. The food was not good, had 4 ribs 2 spare, 2 baby back along with collards, beans and potatoes wedges. The sides were ok potato wedges were the best out of everything. The ribs were burnt on the outside and a little dry on the inside and just lacked flavor. Tried the pulled pork, beef brisket and chicken wings that other people in our party and they were also dry and lacked flavor. I would give this pace another try maybe it was just a bad night for them.Awesome local BBQ joint near manayunk. Great outdoor seating area when the weather is nice. Food is always delicious, order your favorite BBQ meats and sides off of the menu or try the BBQ all you can eat buffet (12$ per person! What a steal!) they also have a great selection of beers, burbon, and cocktails. Cash only, but they do have an ATM on site. Free valet parking is also a nice touch.Finally!  Real BBQ in Philly!  I am originally from Kansas City and the first thing that I noticed when moving out here was the complete lack of bbq joints.  My search for good bbq is over.  Deke's is it.  The ribs were excellent, albeit a tiny bit dry for my taste.  The brisket is great!  The cornbread was a perfect ending to the meal and absorbed all of the excess sauce on my plate.  I'm definitely going back to make my way through the entire menu soon.Took my dad here on a Wednesday night for dinner. Service was excellent (when the waiter was busy the bartender kept an eye on us and kept our beers full.) My dad and I love spicy food. The XXX sauce (supposedly their hottest) didn't even make me reach for my beer, so I don't think anybody would have any problem with it being too spicy. I had the brisket basket and while the wedge fries were a little too crunchy the meat was cooked to perfection. Dad got the pulled pork which was tender, juicy and delicious. Got the bourbon flight which led to a pleasant walk home with the aroma of roasted meat and numb faces. I really like the atmosphere, super casual with good music playing (not too loud) and open garage doors, so occasionally we had to brush away flies but for the most part it was chill and fun. 2 people, 2 meals, 3 beers plus bourbon flight was $44 + tip.The best restaurant in Manayunk.  Excellent Food, excellent beer, excellent atmosphere, excellent prices.  We're moving out of the state, so are sad to be leaving Dekes.  Whenever we're back, we will always stop by.  Our favorites: Fat Dude and Sloppy Doc.The food, ambiance, wait staff, and drinks were exceptional. Deke was kind enough to accommodate our party of six even though seating is a little tight in the winter (I imagine that the place is even more lively in warm weather as there is plenty of outdoor seating). 
They offered a wild boar rack of ribs as a special for the evening we put in an order for the table and while it wasn't my favorite it was cooked well and I was glad to have tried it. In total we ordered a little of almost everything from the menu and nothing was bad. The corn bread was the best I've ever had. The macaroni was amazing. I had to stop myself from filling up on these alone. The ribs were great. The pulled pork was just right and got even better when I added some of Deke's own sauces.  
There's more that could be said about each individual dish but I'll summarize like this: everyone in my party left full and happy. I'm already looking forward to going back!
BTW, the prices are great and there is a whiskey menu that should be taken advantage of!This was the first place my fiancé and I went when he moved to Philly and it is not to be missed! This past summer I went to Nashville expecting amazing BBQ and while it was good it didn't compare to my favorite BBQ joint in Philly. If quality food is what you're looking for you do not want to miss this place; it's an absolute hit!! :) 
P.S. I highly recommend the the Bluecoat and Snoop as far as drinks go!Consistently the best BBQ joint in town.  The open air seating options and outdoor tables bring out the feeling of memorable pleasant summer nights.  The selection of sauces is adequate and they are all generally good.  I especially like the Carolina Red sauce.The staff here are incredible and very friendly, never pushy, and always appreciate and say thanks for stopping by.  My friends and I have been coming here for the birthdays of friends, to long Sunday afternoons to take out-of-towners that are visiting.  The draft beer selection is fair but not very extensive.  However, they do have a  fine selection of bourbons and exceed the expectations for such a casual summertime venue.  (I would like more than one IPA on tap, but then again...that's just me)Such a cute and casual local place.  People there were very pleasant and talkative.  Food was really good.  I got the pulled pork platter with collard greens and macaroni and cheese.  I am such the Southern girl at heart and the greens were good.  A little deep in water but otherwise very flavorful.  Mac was good...no complaints.  The pulled pork over all was fantastic.  I had a large chunk of fat that was very disconcerting but there was so much meat that I was full and over looked it.  My friend got the pulled pork as well and had no issues.  The sauce choices were good but the regular BBQ seemed a overly vinegared.  The Georgia mustard BBQ sause was my favorite because of the vinegar tang.
Most of all; I guess, it was the fact the place is in a back lot and set up in what looks to be a converted garage.  Seating is taken quickly unfortunately.  Very quirky cool.While driving up Shurs Ln., a quick break in the homogeneous blocks of Manayunk and a neon sign at the gate, catches our eye as we drive.  Immediately, we decide to park and take a look.  
It starts smelling good, so there's no turning back now.  Out on the buffet table is succulent pulled pork, jerk chicken thighs, beans with sausage and rib tips, and mac 'n' cheese with smoked spinach and lardons.  It's all you can eat for $12, the bartender says.  
My girlfriend eggs me on toward it, and I'm hungry.  I sit down with the plate full, and dig in.  Once I liven up with a few bites, I realize this place will become a hang-out staple for me.  I feel like I am back in Georgia.  Deke came out and made sure my girlfriend's salad turned out okay, because she had asked for goat cheese instead of blue cheese, and that's real nice.  I feel at home here.  
While it's not BBQ Par - Excellence, it is a good place to chill out and have a good time, and have your fill of good, soul-satisfying, Southern cooking.Well, FIRST of all, BE ADVISED that the PICKUP place is about 3/4 mile from Dekes at the old Tommy Gunn's site on Ridge across from the bus station.   REALLY.   You go to Dekes and they have no idea what you're talking about since THEY DON'T HAVE A PHONE THERE!!!
OK:  That to one side, you will go a far distance before you find better ribs or pulled pork in Philadelphia.  My wife is a fanatic about slaw and thinks theirs is made in Heaven's kitchen, but I just LOVE the meat,  so well cooked it (literally) literally falls off the bone when you pick up a rib.   I have only one small cavil, I'm a South Carolina smoker kinda guy and like a LITTLE sauce on the meat.... the St. Louis ribs were so smothered that it took a minute just to get thru it to the meat... but oh, how lovely and smoky the pork was.  I could eat there every night (except I already have a problem fitting into my avatar) and be content forever.   I even save the bones and cook 'em in my pork 'n beans I make... and they deliver a super smokey flavour to the concoction... 9.75 outta 10!
By the way, Deke's other place, the Ugly Moose is 100% for whatever you get there, too.  Burgers and beer, chili and chips, two dynamite places to eat.
On-site parking... drive UP or DOWN SHUR'S LANE  and look UP for THE UGLY MOOSE sign... looks like you're making a turn into a driveway.This was a great find. The outdoor seating was bench casual. The bar was beer friendly but I was (Yankee) surprised there was no scotch - only bourbon. I was more surprised it was CASH ONLY.I was pleasantly surprised by Deke's BBQ.  With outdoor seating, its a great place to eat on a really nice day.  We got the buffet which they have daily for around $12.  A good dealI had been craving BBQ for the past 2 weeks. I wanted to check out Deke's but was skeptical because of the bad reviews about customer service. I am BIG on customer service and so I decided to write a review as my experience at Deke's was a great one! Karen our waitress was more than friendly and convinced us to try the all you can eat BBQ for $12 bucks!!! What a deal and the food was even BETTER!!! She even made us some delicious shots because my boyfriend and I couldn't decide on what to drink. 
The place was not super packed which could be a reason why they were so attentive but even on a busy day the overall style of the place is not 4 star dining. It's Texas BBQ so even if you grab your own water from the end of the bar or bus your own plate it's not that big of a deal as the overall atmosphere of the place is really a kickback style.Been here twice and I really like it.  Got the Yellow Rose once and the Special Brisket Cheesesteak once.  Yellow Rose was awesome and the cheesesteak was exactly what you would expect.  Staff is down to earth and friendly.  Food is served quickly.  Once I ordered the sausage that they had run out of and the pitmaster (and owner I assume) came out to apologize for being out of the menu item.  He happily suggested something else for me to try.
Love the pickles with the BBQ.
2/22/16 Update
Been many times since the above posting.  Still a great place.  The taco special on Wednesday nights is great.  Love having someplace where you can get hush puppies in Philly.Best in warm weather when you can dine al fresco, but still cozy indoors in winter.  Down home and darn good bbq.  I like the spiciness level of the ribs. Good brisket, too. Fun atmosphere and ample parking (in Manaunk!)as everyone here seems to agree, Deke makes awesome BBQ.  The corn fritters are out of this world as is the mac-n-cheese and Deke's home made pickles.  Now please stop telling everyone about it so it isn't so crowded.  : /By far the best place to eat in Manayunk. 
It's awesome BBQ. A friend turned me onto the brisket cheesesteak, which is heavenly. They also have all you can eat BBQ for 12$. With 4-5 meat options and a couple of sides, this may be the best deal of all-time. 
Couple that with a whiskey flight and a wonderful waitress, and you're havin' a good time
Heading back next time I'm in Manayunk, for Shur.Love sitting outside and having yummy barbecue!  Wish they had real margaritas.  My boyfriend is happy with the food and the beer choices.  The service is fabulous!Thought I had reviewed this place before. Awesome BBQ!  Love the Buffett options on the weekend.  Great chalkboard drink specials.  With good weather eating outside on the picnic tables is relaxing.  Best BBQ in town.The meats were delicious - we had baby ribs, pulled pork and brisket. The collard greens and mac 'n cheese were very bland which was disapointing. The slaw, potato wedges and cornbread were good. Service spotty but not too bad. I found the set up weird with barely any indoor tables but a huge bar smack in the middle taking up so much space.  There is outdoor seating with heaters. I wish they had better beer too.  If I go back it will be for take-out for meat only.  I'm not sure why people love the buffet as it is pretty limited.- TIP:  Make sure to try the wings.  They are huge, smoked, juicy, and perfect.  Make sure to spend at least one summer night out here on the picnic benches.
- CON:  The brisket is fine, but not "melt in your mouth" nor a must-have.
- BOTTOM LINE:   Extremely solid place between the food, service, price, and atmosphere.  BBQ isn't necessarily better than other places (e.g. Fette Sau, Percy Street), but the total experience here leverages the good food and ensures a fun visit every time.I love Deke's!!!!  Fantastic, authentic bbq.  Bartenders are terrific and the drinks are creative.  I love that the specialty concoctions are served in mason jars.  The meat is smoked on premise, right out front of the restaurant I might add.  The potato wedges are unfuckingbelievable and while I'm not a potato person, I've eaten many orders in the past. I love the atmosphere, decor, even the bathrooms are very clean.  It's reasonably priced too.In Roxborough, their BBQ is legit.
Pecan Pie was ridiculous.. Texas Brisket even better.  Atmosphere, and bartenders add to the experience.. loved the music! Recommend the mason-jar drinks.. YUMM.
HUGE screen tv.. perfect to watch Flyers, Phils, whoever. Will be back to try the cornbread, chopped BBQ!Livin' the BBQ dream!  Service, atmosphere and the food/drinks were outstanding. I'm drooling thinking about all the delicious food we ordered for just two people. So SO GOOD!  Dekes, thank you!  We will be back, umm.. today hopefully ;)My only complaint about the brisket hoagie, was that I hadn't eaten it sooner. My cousin ordered, and destroyed, an entire bbq chicken. Asked how he felt, he responded "10/10 would recommend."
That inspired me to right this review. Fast ticket time. Friendly staff. Great atmosphere. Beer buckets.Deke's has great BBQ and the best mac and cheese.  Deke makes everything by hand from the rolls, to the pickles, to the mayo he uses for the cole slaw.  
Don't go on a hot night since there isn't any air conditioning, but its definitely worth the trip!Interesting little spot. Not interesting enough.
Wings were ok- another place that doesn't bring out celery and bleu cheese. I don't get it. Bloody Mary was pretty uneventful and lifeless with no celery or anything and came in a water glass not a pint. I've had much better at other establishments in town.
Wish you took credit cards - check out squareup.com. We use it. I don't work for them. 
I really really don't like having to pay ATM fees as a customer at a bar/restaurant. Upon finishing this review - honestly - forcing customers to use an ATM machine that costs 1.75 to pay the bill is ridiculous. Most banks also charge for the transaction. So, it cost us almost 4 bucks to pay for a couple drinks and a basket of wings.
We will consider coming back when you guys take credit or debit cards. Wish we had known about the Cash Only policy or we would have turned around.
edit to add: seriously, we would come back if you took plastic. We really want to support small businesses in town! Check out the link... We've now been to the Ugly Moose twice since we've been here. We could easily be persuaded to send our business your way.Super busy, young, loud fun crowd. Takes a while to get a seat but worth it. They have a fun drink selection and a solid selection of bourbons. I will be back for sure, maybe next time to have the buffet, which seemed out of place for a hipster rib joint, but looked like the deal of the centuryWhen you live a half mile from a place like deke's, there is no point in having BBQ anywhere else in this city.  No offense to the many fine BBQ joints in Philadelphia, but only one can be the best in Philadelphia.Is "ribgasm" a word? Is it? Well, it should be. The ribs are well above average, but as part of a total BBQ experience, Deke's is the ribgasmic bomb. First off, there's the all you can eat $12 buffet every day, which is amazing. It rotates, with a different kind of Mac and Cheese but always with some pulled pork. You can get a bourbon sampler, 3 out of 9 kinds for $9. You can get a weirdly wonderful brisket cheesesteak, distinctly not at all Philly-style. Or you can default to good old racks of spare (or if you must, baby back) ribs and slather them with Deke's special sauces, including a very good Carolina style and a super delicious XXX hot sauce. If you can save room, you can get a Dirt Pudding in a mason jar to top it all off.
We had the pleasure of talking with Deke himself as we went out, as he labored over the smoker and explained his craft to us next to his garage. 
I'd come here every day if I could.
One of my friends said proudly after we went he had the "meat sweats" after leaving.If you're looking for a great, casual atmosphere with awesome BBQ, then Deke's is your place!  
It's clear the owner has a passion for food, friends, and bourbon. You'll see it show in all aspects of your experience. 
As someone who's eaten more than my fair share of BBQ brisket, ribs, wings, pulled pork around the southeast.....Deke's is as good as any.Deke's is not the best BBQ I've ever had, but I don't think I've had anywhere near as much fun eating it.
I went for the all you can eat, and I got blown away *real* fast. The had a really nice pulled chicken, and pulled pork, but the rib tips were really chewy. I also got a half rack of baby back ribs, and...well, they weren't great.
But what really sold me was the experience. It really is something to trek in on a hot summer day, with the humidity taking a merciful break. The doors open out on what looks like an old garage, smoker wafting out  tasty aroma. The place is so relaxed and casual, and it feels like someone had just thrown it together in some lot in the middle of nowhere and yet it somehow feels right at home. To me, the place is summer personified, and it brings back a wave of pleasant memories. I don't think I would ever order takeout, or go in the winter, but summer and fall, this looks like a place to be.Deke's was fantastic. The service was great and the food was even better! A flight of bourbon, great beer on tap plus an amazing buffet for just $12 - can't beat that!Deke's has awesome food at awesome prices. It is awesome. I love taking advantage of their specials too, I always feel that they've put real effort into mixing it up with their specials.
Cocktails are pricier, but I tend to find myself stumbling home after 2 or 3...We are regulars here and we love this place.  Amazing BBQ and sides, good specials, great cocktails (if a bit pricey).  Really awesome staff, and Deke is an alright dude.  Sometimes they get a bit overwhelmed at peak hours and service can be slow, and they have run out of food from time to time.  But that's the exception, not the rule.So my fiance and I wait for a table to open up at the bar. Bartender seems like he is not eager to wait on us. A table opens up and we sit down. Waitress comes over and greets us. Then the bartender walks over and says that the booths are for parties of 4 or more. I mention that the group that just vacated was a party of two and the booth next to us is 3. He says oh well now it is the dinner rush. Even though we were waiting before anyone else entered for a table. Needless to say i will not be back based on poor service. It is a shame because i have been here many times before. Even met the owner,. The food is good but not good enough to make up for horrible service.Best bbq in Philly! Collared greens, brisket, ribs, is what I tried. All were awesome. Cool southern vibe. Parking is added bonus for the area.Great wings, cornbread was pretty good, moist and a good portion. Only down side was the flies, even in the indoor seats. Pretty good BBQ for the Philadelphia area. Give it a shot....you won't be disappointedWould give it zero stars if I could.  The food is decent,  not outstanding...customer service could not be worse.  Dekes now has two locations one for eat in on Shurs Lane and the old location of Tommy Guns on Ridge Ave that handles all the takeout.   This was our first time ordering from the Ridge Ave location.   Previously staff have given us a hard time for ordering one of their larger meals without calling ahead.   That would be no problem if this were a separate menu and indicated call ahead needed but it is a mixed takeout/catering menu with larger dishes making up half the menu.   Not to mention it serves only 6 sandwiches but we were told we would wipe out their supplies if we ordered this.   Next was the $9 dinner salad ordered that was barely larger than a side salad and came with no dressing.   Finally we got home right around Dekes closing time to open our food and find an empty bun rather than sandwich.   We called immediately and left a message and took the unused bun and a picture back the following day.   Staff laughed stating they found the message hilarious but they do not give refunds.   No credit or sandwich offered either.   They also would not call management... None on site at this location.   Told us we would have to travel to other site to speak with someone.   Ultimately had to go through credit card for refund.   Never again.LOVE DEKE'S. I'm a local... been coming here since the day they opened. EVERYTHING is delicious. I always get baby backs or pulled pork. Excellent service every time.  And food comes out quick everytime.Good food makes me happy. The shiner pint I had started me off in the right direction, then came out chicken basket and pork tacos. We sprung for the $3-4 sides of BBQ baked beans and the cornbread and cole slaw. First bite, into the cornbread. I was dancing and rocking to the music like I was in my house... With my sweats on.  love this place. It never disappoints. Week day visits are the best because Deke is around and everyone is just enjoying the atmosphere.Had a great experience here.  I came on a Sunday night with a group of 8 people.  We were a little too big for the venue, as it is a converted mechanic garage.
Deke himself came out to give us an overview of his food and preparation which was extremely helpful.  We ended up getting the buffet, and it was great.  Deke brought out some additional ribs and other items to compliment the rest of the meal.
I would recommend going, but maybe better with a smaller group.  Great atmosphere though.The food here is amazing...I ordered barbeque ribs,chicken and some sides (corn bread and Mac & cheese). It taste so delicious...will definitely recommend this restaurantThese were the worst ribs I have eaten in my life. Smoked, dryed out , old burned. 
Do not eat here.
Cindy Hitson
Terrible. Staff did not care , I told her the ribs were dry, old , non tender. She did not care. She told me they were smoked yesterday. No flavor noted , no smoked ribs noted. Beware!!!!!!!
Old dryed  out ribs. Cold. Sad very sad.Picked up the Rib Lovers meal with collard greens and baked beans, and 1/2 pound of Western Carolina Pulled Pork. The Baby Backs and St. Louis Spare ribs were both succulent and delicious. Very flavorful BBQ sauce. The greens have a little kick to them, and a good balance of vinegar and sweetness. The baked beans are the best I've had! The pulled pork is tender and oh so yummy. Tons of really great food for a reasonable price. Can't wait to try the rest of the menu!I had heard great things about Deke's and was pretty excited to go.  It was a night in August and the picnic tables were set up outside and the vibe was summery and cheery. There was a pre-season NFL game on, so we decided to sit at a table that was half-in, half-out.  I loved the atmosphere of the inside.  It was like you were in someone's awesome garage with big flat screen TVs and lots of beers on tap.
My friend and I ordered the buffet and for $12 it was pretty bangin. I don't know if I totally got my money's worth because I'm not a huge eater, but I was happy with the variety.  The had a smoked chicken that was juicy and delicious (kind of hard to do) and some pulled pork that was money.
Mac and cheese was pretty good. Rolls were good. I don't recall what the other sides were because I was mostly interested in the bbq.
We also ordered a side of baby back ribs.  They were good.  Smoky and tangy.  You get to choose your sauce which is something I appreciate.  Deke himself was even cruisin' around and stopped to talk to us -- that's what makes a restaurant really special in my opinion.  He seems to take a lot of pride in his food and his business, and takes the time to get to know his guests. Definitely worth going to find this hidden gem!horrible whole wings they were old and hard, brisket was roast beef, no smoke in eitherPlease start accepting Credit Cards!! We have a consulting team out here of 50+ people and the only reason we're not coming there weekly is because it sucks paying cash for large parties!How have I not reviewed dekes?! So yummy. The owner is so hospitable and so are the workers. I lived around the corner and me and my daughter would be summoned by my the yummy smell on sunny evenings.  You can go all out or get the super cheap buffet which includes some very tasty bbq Mac n cheese. The drinks are good too and it's just a nice place to chill on a sunny day. It feels very picnicky. Everyone I've ever bought absolutely loved it. Anyway, definitely take the time to travel up to roxborough or get off the beaten path in manayunk. Well worth it.Having frequented The Ugly Moose on a few occasions, we thought we'd check out the ribs at the new Deke's BBQ. There were several meal specials for $12, which was fairly reasonable. The ribs we got were a mix of spare ribs and bbq ribs in a basket for $9. The decor was cozy, with candles on each table. The bartender was also the server and seemed to be quite busy but accomodating nonetheless. The ribs were not too spicy and not too meaty and were accompanied by a standard BBQ sauce. Nothing to write home about, I've had better. The macaroni & cheese was hot and good, as were the french fries. The sides are extra. I've had better BBQ so I wouldn't make a huge effort to go back. I didn't try other items on the menu so I can't speak to the BBQ chicken or any of the other offerings and dessert .But it was just a so-so experience for me.DEKE'S. IS. AWESOME.  I don't even know where to start in describing said awesomeness.  First of all, it's literally in a garage, which is such a unique and fun setting.  They have heaters, but gets a little drafty on cooler nights, so bring your sweatshirt or scarf or snuggle buddy.  They have a couple of TVs and a big projection screen, so it's great to watch the game, not a bad seat in the house, and they have some of the best-priced food and drink specials during Phils and Birds games (if they're offering the pit beef sandwich as a special, be sure to jump on that - it's not on the regular menu).  The beers are very reasonably priced, and their cocktails are well-crafted and shaken and served in mason jars.  My favorite is the Bluecoat and Snoop - not too sweet and perfectly tart, it's basically (local Philly) gin and juice.  They also have $9 bourbon flights, which is just ingenious - there's an impressive selection of bourbons and the opportunity to try something new at a great price.
Now, the food.  Ohh the food.  It smells heavenly in there, so even if you went not intending to eat, you won't be able to resist.  The chicken is juicy and flavorful.  Spares or babybacks, you can't go wrong with ribs.  It's a Carolina style vinegar sauce (my favorite kind), and Deke's does it right.  Sandwiches are to-die-for, we've tried the pulled pork, brisket and Stubby Chubby, which has the works, and I don't know where they get their rolls, but they're warm and fluffy and chewy, just the most amazing sandwich rolls ever.  You can tell that the coleslaw is real homemade coleslaw - it's my favorite side they serve.  I'm also a huge fan of the cornbread, it's sweet and moist.  Deke's wedges are better than any french fry out there.  If you're super hungry or with a group, get the wedges that are covered in pulled pork, cheese and BBQ sauce.  They're so good I'm drooling as I write this.  I don't claim to be a BBQ expert, but Deke's is the perfect place to cure my BBQ cravings (which mysteriously come more and more frequently the more I go there).  The staff (and patrons) are friendly and accommodating.  One night they had a short rib special, and we love the rolls so much, that we asked (I think it was Deke himself) if we could have it as a sandwich - no problem.  And damn, if that wasn't just the best and most inspired short rib sandwich ever.  Cash only with ATM.My husband and I have been coming to Deke's almost weekly for about three years. We go because we know we are guaranteed a delicious meal and awesome cocktails. It's never been a disappointment. We love it so much that last summer we had our engagement party there and it was a major success. 
Pretty sure we will be going here even if we move out of Manayunk. We call it a Deke's Date.One of the best BBQ spots I've ever been to! Second time here. First time I had the buffet for $12 (best deal in town) and I couldn't believe it. The pulled pork and Mac n cheese melted in my mouth. Today I had the ribs. Best in my life. Not only melted in my mouth, but smoked to perfection. Would recommend this place to everybody in the Philly area.Hands Down, the BEST Barbeque In Manayunk!
I love Dekes! The food is epic, the atmosphere is relaxed, people are super friendly.
I just took my family down there last night and my father in law (who loves ribs) said they were the best ribs he has ever had and he would come here weekly if he lived nearby. He walked up to the owner and thanked him personally. You also get A LOT of food for the price!
If you are ever in the area, you have to check them out!Love the atmosphere of this very Texas like BBQ joint. The food was great. I had the pulled prom. With sides of fries and Mac and cheese. 
When the weather is nice they open it up so the whole place feels like you're outside. Great place to have a beer and enjoy some BBQ.Best BBQ in Philly-no joke. Great drinks, great food and friendly staff. It always hard to decide what to eat here since it's all so good. Plus the cole slaw is my fav and so is the corn bread (make sure you get it with the honey!) Cash only. Wish they were open on Mondays!!This place would get six stars if it weren't for the service. The food is great and $12 for all you can eat buffet is great. They were really slow filling up the buffet and our waiter, the round guy in the orioles hat, couldn't have cared less. So slow and acted like everything besides writing down our initial order was a huge discomfort for him. But again, the food is great. I grew up in the south and this is good BBQ.These were the worst ribs I have eaten in my life. Smoked, dryed out , old burned. 
Do not eat here.
Cindy Hitson
Terrible. Staff did not care , I told her the ribs were dry, old , non tender. She did not care. She told me they were smoked yesterday. No flavor noted , no smoked ribs noted. Beware!!!!!!!
Old dryed  out ribs. Cold. Sad very sad.As someone who grew up in the South, I know my barbecue. And Deke's has it down pat (literally). My wife and I visited during one of his LivingSocial promotions, and was blown away by just how good his barbecue was - better than barbecue I've had in Atlanta, Raleigh, or Virginia. While there, Deke himself showed us how he makes his barbecue, what goes into his dry rubs, and how much of a labor of love the food and his restuarant is for him. His bartenders also know their bourbons and liquors, so strike up a conversation with them if it's not too crowded. Otherwise, plop down at one of the picnic tables outside and enjoy yourself. 
By the way, Deke's dosn't open for lunch, since it takes hours to cook barbecue. The earliest you may get to eat is 1 or 2 pm, and that's likely to be when the Eagles are playing or some other big event in Philly. Other than that, I'd just suggest going when it's not raining since many tables are outside and it's easier to mingle indoors and out.This place is as good as it gets.  Tried the $12 buffet, and it was great.  I guess it was a special for the day, this was Saturday night.  The meat selection was great, and everything was fresh and hot.  We got a side of spare ribs (something not offered at the buffet).  Deke was walking the floor of the restaurant, chattin it up.  Great beers on tap.  Everything about the place seemed carefully thought out, and intentional.
Pros
Food was delicious
Atmosphere and good vibe
Food price - $12 for a buffet???  $20 all you can eat bbq?
Free valet - well tips only, but this was a great benefit as this place is a little out of the way, but what a relief not to have to worry about parking.
Cons
Alcohol price - mason jar drinks were $9 a pop.  Deke said he likes to use the top shelf liquor, but I think I'd be okay with a cheaper liquor and cheaper drink.  I didn't think mine was that strong.  I switched to beer after one.
Wet naps - There were no wet naps to be found, and my hands were messy.
Be aware - cash onlyThis is the best bbq place in northwest Philadelphia area.  Cool atmosphere and good food.  I always get the brisket sandwich and shells with cheese.Great service! The best bbq in the city, a must go! Must try the chicken, and Mac n cheese.I'm in love! I got the ribs- they were unbelievably good.  The cornbread was amazing...I think there was honey and butter on it. Wow.  The whole place was open because it was warm tonight.  There were candles and good music.  The wait staff was right on it and pleasant.  I just can't say enough about my experience here.  If you like BBQ...please check this out.Wow. I guess I shouldn't be surprised that this place has decent reviews in Philadelphia, where apparently not many people have had the opportunity to try good barbeque. In Kansas City, this joint wouldn't last a month. I've eaten here twice and I was disappointed both times. However, if you still feel determined to try this restaurant, do not get the buffet. Unless you have a thing for cold food. Then, by all means, eat up and enjoy.Dekes is just good old fashion BBQ.  There is not many frills to the decor or the food but it is not needed. The ribs and cornbread alone make Dekes worth a visit. Also Thursday through Sunday $12 bbq buffet option is just awsome. A really great deal.The best BBQ I have ever had! The food and the atmosphere is very comfortable and the service was great. We met Deke the owner and he was very accommodating and approachable.I used to eat here regularly. Over the past year or so I have been noticing Dekes has been hit or miss food wise. The ribs are either amazing or fatty, recently they have been fatty. I am almost always disappointed unless I order the buffet. The service has been horrible, the staff is miserable and appears understaffed.The openness of the place is really good. Even when you are inside, you are still feel like you are outdoors which is awesome on a nice day. I'm not a BBQ buff by any means but I thought the food was good but not great. The beer list was a mix of everyday beers and a few fancy ones - yet nothing caught my eye. Parking can be painful in this part of the 'Yunk but I luckily found something less than a block away. Deke's is worth trying if you are itching for BBQ. The staff was nice and the food can out fast which is all I can ask for sometimes after a long day at the office!My boyfriend and I were around this area looking for a place to eat. He enjoys meat, and this place had good reviews so we came here to try it out!!
We are so glad we were able to give this place a try. It has a different vibe than any other restaurants I've ever been to. It is in a garage but the owner renovated it to a restaurant (at least that's what I think).
Parking was relatively very easy to find but there are also parking in front of the restaurant. 
Once you step in, there is seating by the "bar" and tables on the side. There is a rack to hang your coats on. On Thursdays, they have a AYCE buffet for $12! And additional $8 for half a rack of ribs. I don't have a big stomach so I usually share a meal with my boyfriend and we get an appetizer on the side. (We had chick-fil-A 2 hours before) so I was even less hungry!
Today, we had the baby back- ribs platter. 
The meat was so tender, it fell off the bones!! It was delicious yummmmy!!
The fries were great, and so was the coleslaw. 
The corn bread was different from any other corn bread I've tried. It seems like there was honey or maple syrup of some sort drizzled on top making it even more delicious.
The staff here is incredibly attentive and nice. Dan was our host and he was very very nice. He was always attentive making sure we were doing good. Additionally, there was a group of men sitting on the table next to us. And I remember someone ordered baby back but to him, it seemed as if it were spare ribs. And another worker(?) or host(?) was seriously the sweetest. He didn't even argue and said the customer is always right. And not even in a rude way. But he was super sweet, took the plate back and brought another plate! From my experience as a customer, no one was ever that sincere. But Dan and the mystery man!!! Deke, if you read this or hear from this, you have yourself an amazing staff.My boyfriend and I stopped in on a wintry Sunday evening. The handful of booths were occupied, as well as most of the approx. eight stand-alone tables, so we grabbed two chairs at the [surprisingly empty] bar. Our bartender, a lady whose name I forget, greeted us right away. She explained that in addition to the main menu, Deke's offers an all-you-can-eat barbecue buffet at $12 per person, Sunday-Thursday.
Chicken & Rib Combo (Half Rack of Ribs & Half Chicken with Potato Wedges, Cole Slaw & Cornbread - $25) - 3
We split this plate and were pleased with the amount of food. The proteins figure prominently here, and for good reason. The chicken and ribs were the standouts, whereas the sides were average. The chicken was juicy and perfectly cooked. The wedges lacked a crispy outside and the seasoning spices were muted. A cup of cole slaw was overly sweet; some acidity would have lent more balance. I will say that the cornbread was very moist, sweet, and rich. 
Side of Collard Greens ($4)  - 1
We ordered a side of collards and found something quite "off" - whether it was the overabundant taste of vinegar, or the heavy-handed smoke seasoning, this dish was a clunker.
Service - 2
Service started out strong, but as the night progressed, our bartender spent the majority of her time speaking with an older blonde employee at the end of the bar. We would have appreciated more proactive service: offering another round of drinks, refilling waters, and checking in once to see how we are enjoying our meal. The last thing I want to do is wave to flag down my server. We finished the combo plate entirely, but the collards were virtually untouched. My boyfriend mentioned that there was something funky about the collards and that we weren't fans. The bartender responded with a "well, I like them" and offered no recourse. She also left them on the bill.
Overall - 2.5
Though there were some stand-out menu items, we weren't thrilled about the service. Here are our current BBQ joint standings: 
1) Zachary's (Norristown) - 5 / 5
2) Percy Street (Philadelphia) 5 / 5
3) Deke's (Manayunk) - 2.5 / 5
4) Barbacoa (Ardmore) - 2 / 5
5) Jimmy's (Malvern) - 2 / 5After moving to Philly from North Carolina last year, I have been going through serious NC BBQ withdrawal.  I've been to several other places up here that claim to have NC style, but none of them have been close to accurate. Until Deke's.  Deke's pulled pork rivals any barbecue I've eaten at podunk redneck bbq joints in the backwoods of North Carolina.  He makes it Piedmont style, which is a vinegar and red pepper based sauce. Overall deliciousness + super cheap ($10 buffet) = I basically had to roll myself home after eating more barbecue than could be reasonably expected to fit in my stomach.  The beans with sausage and meatballs in them were also delicious, as was the cornbread, but to be honest I mostly crammed my belly full of pulled pork.
The beer list was also interesting and reasonably priced. Plus there was a curtained-in outdoor area with lots of space heaters around the picnic tables so even though it was snowing and icy the night I was there, we were able to sit outside. Deke himself is a super friendly guy who wandered over and sat with us chatting for a while.  I will definitely be going back to Deke's, probably more than is good for me.
One important note is that it's cash only.Ribs, pulled pork and brisket were very good. Fries are wedge cut, salted and delicious. You can skip over the cornbread and cole slaw...  But the pickles are amazing!! They taste like pumpkin pie! Can I get these by the jar?We love their buffet!  $12 all you can eat!  Pork (yummmmmmmmmmmm so good), macaroni (it's sooooooo good), collard greens (oh baby!)  Sometimes Deke even throws those succulent ribs in there.  (though rarely, but sometimes).  Bucket of pounders - $12.  Damn Deke!  Flaw: Cash only.  Not open for lunch.  
Deke's has a sweet atmosphere.  Always showing sports on their projection screen.  I love how I leave and the next day my clothes smell like Dekes.  
Warning: Deke's may result in serious bowel trauma.DEKE'S BBQ is such a hidden treasure in Roxborough/Manayunk- I have said I wanted to try it a bunch of times and always kind of forgot about it when the time came.  This past weekend, my friend suggested we go there, and I can not wait to go back, and to take others back with me!
We chose to sit outside amidst the meat smokers.  You feel like you are sitting in a friends backyard- not at all fancy, but very comfortable with picnic tables and umbrellas...  
They were having their all you can eat buffet inside, but we wanted to nibble at different menu items throughout the night.  The ribs were delicious, the pulled pork was phenomenal, and the chocolate pecan pie warranted ordering an additional slice!
The service was extremely friendly and laid back.  We just wanted to sit, have some drinks, and a leisurely meal.  They were attentive, knowledgeable about the menu, and really nice.  The owner and his wife both stopped over to chat with us.
We all agreed that the prices for both food and drink were very reasonable, and if you are in the mood for a casual night out- I would say to go, for sure.This place offers it all. Comfortable environment (except on game nights when it can get crowded), caring staff, and above all else, AMAZING food at a reasonable price! The buffet is great and from what I understand, everything is made onsite. The love that goes into the food by the owner is evident in every delicious bite. Just a note, it's cash only. They do have an ATM though, for those of us who forget. :)Super stoked to have finally knocked this one of my Yunk eats list! I'm moving out of the area and am trying to hit as many final places as I can before I peace out!
I definitely love me some BBQ and have been an avid fan of Smokin John's (and even Rubb before they closed). Deke's is definitely an experience for sure, one that I very much enjoyed! Tucked off Shurs Lane with a big lot shared with the Ugly Moose, you walk in to the lot only to witness a few smokers ongoing with some grub. The backyard BBQ vibe was definitely in full swing! And then you see the Deke's building which is basically a converted garage! It had one side completely open with a few tables throughout, as well as several picnic tables outside. We opted for the picnic tables and honestly it didn't even feel like we were at an "actual" restaurant, more just like hanging out with friends getting some BBQ.
They had a few beers on draft and a mason jar cocktail selection, but I just went with my usual Jack and diet. The menu was pretty extensive with options and I must say, the one thing I really wanted wasn't on the menu - a combo platter! You could do a platter with one meat or there was a big rib/chicken platter, but I was wishing I could do a 2 or 3 meat platter to sample some different options (something that's at pretty common offering at BBQ restaurants). But alas, no several meat combo. That's ok though, I decided to go with the Baby Back Ribs platter - half rack, came with wedges and slaw. The platter was very sizeable and the ribs were very tender! The slaw was refreshing and the wedges were a nice complement as well!
One thing that seemed a bit odd for this vibe was that it was very quiet, I actually commented on it to my friends. It seems more like the place that would have some music jamming or at least some kind of background noise. I guess I was just expecting the full backyard BBQ to come alive lol! 
Our server was great, service was very fast as is on par with most BBQ restaurants. Place is cash only but thankfully this is one of the very rare occasions where I actually had cash on me (but they have an ATM in case you didn't know to bring cash). 
Definitely am glad I stopped here before I moved out of town!So the food is pretty amazing this wasn't my first visit. I must say this time that the service was pretty awful. I should have gotten the servers name but i didn't. I felt rushed through my meal. I never asked for my bill but i was given it. I wanted some nilla nana pudding and would have had 2 more beers in the process but i was never offered another drink or if i wanted dessert. I was waiting to pay my bill and she just never came back over to get it. I walked to Rita's to get rid of my sweets craving. Not saying i wouldn't go back because I will return for more food in the future but your lack of service was a gain for other establishments.Deke's is a slightly-hidden gem in Manayunk that severs um some damn good barbeque, some decent beer, and a boat-load of awesome atmosphere.
Stopped in on a Friday night around 7 as a party of 4.  The waitress said it would probably be about a half-hour so we huddled around the bar... eventually enough people left the bar that we just ate there (got the corner just as you come in and it's perfect to talk.)
I got the $12 AYCE buffet that had beef sausage, pulled pork (sauceless so you can put one of their 4 flavors on), rolls, beans, collared greens, and mac n cheese.
They had a few other good specials as well, but that $12 holla was where it was at.
I was fully satisfied and extremely full by the end of it.  Love this place.This is the best BBQ I've ever had. I used to live in the South and this place is hands down the best. Super cool atmosphere in an old garage. Great drink specials and $12 all you can eat BBQ buffet Thursday-Sunday. The owner is an awesome guy who really cares about the place. You have to go!Delicious barbeque! Super tasty and good portions, extremely filling. Banana pudding is the best I had in Philly so farBest BBQ I've ever had. 
The food speaks for itself. Deke is a great guy outside of being an Ohio State football fan. His sauces are fantastic, the triple X is bar far the best. All of the food is priced perfectly if not underpriced. There is a good selection of beer and the staff is great.  
If it is your first time eating BBQ I suggest the all-you-can-eat. 18 bucks and the food doesn't stop!Went to a BBQ, Bourbon, and Brews event here on Saturday.  All of the food we got to try was great.  The staff was very friendly and Deke was more than willing to answer any questions that we had.  I will definitely be going back for dinner as soon as I get a chance.This review is only for their bbq buffet. At 12$ a person, it sounds like a good deal, right? Nay, nay. Their buffet selection looked inviting but I realized these are leftover meats with funky sauces. They have indoor and outdoor space eating, believe it or not, outside seating is cooler than indoor because A/C is not turned on. This is the peak of summer, in Philly, in a bbq place, how could you not have A/C????? 
Oh, 1 star is for the mac and cheese. 
In the mood for bbq? Skip this, at least chain bbq places serve better food!Went by and had the ribs and pickles, they were as good as ribs get. Go early when the weather is nice because the seating is limited, and they are a cash only place, but they do have an ATM. I have to take issue with some of the negative reviews, this is a small BBQ joint that does things the way they should be done. Namely cooking meat slooooly and with great care. When it runs out you can't just whip up more! Come early and enjoy!I can't say enough great things about Deke's! I needed a drop-off caterer for a luncheon at my job to show appreciation for our employees, and it can be *incredibly* difficult (if not downright impossible) to find something that all of our employees can agree on. I emailed Deke's (because of their good Yelp reviews) with our per person budget, and they sent me a delicious sounding menu. I added a couple of extra trays of things to make sure we had enough for all of our staff. Everything was easy to arrange over email, which is preferable for me with my job, and they were able to take my payment over the phone.
The day of the food drop off (today), their delivery person (I cannot remember her name, but she was so very nice) not only showed up on time but showed up 10 minutes early. She carried in everything on her own, which was a huge help to us. Deke's was able to provide us with disposable chaffing dishes, which were very much appreciated. They also provided serving utensils. Remarkably, they even let us keep the large, insulated bags in which the food was delivered. The only thing that we were worried about is that it didn't look like that much food upon arrival. I was a bit nervous that we had under-ordered. We didn't open the bags for about 30 minutes as we were setting up the room for the luncheon, but when we did open them, everything was still piping hot. I was shocked to see how much food was in each tray! I didn't even open the 'extras' I had ordered...except for the extra ribs because those were *amazing.* The mac & cheese was indescribably and totally worth cheating on my diet for. The chicken and pork were moist and delicious, despite being in those trays for some time, and the cole slaw was a huge hit.
All of our staff members loved the food, even going up for seconds and thirds. And we still have enough food for lunch tomorrow! I am so happy that I found Deke's and was able to throw a truly memorable employee appreciation luncheon for my team!Worst dining experience I've ever had.
I signed up for Yelp just to read reviews but this place drove me to write one.
I stumbled upon this place through the internet at some point and wanted to try it.
I saw it had good reviews on here so I had high hopes.
When I first got there and saw the outside/inside atmosphere I was pretty impressed.
I sat down at the bar with my girlfriend after the patron next to us scoffed at us for asking her to move her purse so we could sit. (not the establishments fault but still a negative vibe)
The bartender asked us if we've ever been there before and I said no and he said ok and walked away. He came back about 12 minutes later and finally asked us if we wanted a drink, only after we had to ACQUIRE our own menu's from the "lovely" couple next to us. The bartender then wrote up our tab, put it in a cup and did other things while we waited another 5 minutes to actually have our beers given to us AFTER I reminded him that he never got them.
Then I realized that they had no cash register, so I asked if its a cash only place and of course it is. Since the year is 2012 I assume it's so they don't have to pay taxes on all their income.
So after I hit the ATM with the service fee, I went to the bathroom to wash my hands with the liquid soap bottle which had ran out of soap, so apparently an employee added water to the bottle, and VOILA, mo' soap.
Then the food came, everything looked good but tasted average/below average.
I got the BBQ chicken and my girlfriend got a pulled pork sandwich. and we shared the hush puppy appetizer.
After I had to ask for our own cutlery and napkins we were able to eat.
Hush puppies were pretty good
Mine was very smokey but not too bad, just ok.
My girlfriends sandwich however tasted like it had been siting in vinegar to be pickled, she was only able to eat about a 1/3 of it.
So as we were finishing up and vowing to never go there again a huge argument over missing order slips started between the same bartender and people in the kitchen, when they finally stopped yelling I was able to ask for my check and get the hell out.
I almost want to submit the place to the show Bar Rescue to make it what it should be. It really sucks because I really wanted to like the place but a few employees and bad management ruins the whole place.I went to Deke's for a birthday party where open bar and buffet were pre-arranged, so I can't speak for what happens if you order off of the menu. But, this was not at all the best bbq in the city. The food is just okay, and the pulled pork and wings were less than okay.
The guy who owns it is one of the nicest people ever, and I don't think anyone had the heart to tell him that his food was not so great. He was really anxious to please and super accomodating to a large group. The bartender was also really nice. The space is cool and roomy.
For good bbq, though, I'd go somewhere else.Laid back atmosphere, it's one of our neighborhood spots and the food is finger licking good. Everyone is comfortable here and an awesome place to hang. We had the ribs, pulled pork, BBQ Chicken,  macaroni and cheese,  and green beans.  And an ice cold brewsky to go with it.  I do recommendDeke's was recommended to me by my sister who lives near by.  Everything we had was great.  
The cornbread, hush puppies, and Mac and cheese were incredible.  Everything tasted fresh which was great.
My sister and I got the bbq buffet.  Everything was so good.  The pulled pork was phenomenal and the bbq baked beans were the best I had ever had.  
My girlfriend ordered the brisket sandwich with Deke's homemade cheese wiz and was very impressed with the sandwich.
Last but not least, Deke immediately came to our table and introduced himself.  We bonded quickly as we both were from Ohio.  Deke recommended certain things in the menu and explained how every thing in his restaurant is made from scratch.  
Deke made a great experience even better.  
Deke, if you see this know that we are very extremely grateful for your hospitality and....GO BUCKS!!!!
I can't wait to go back to Deke's.  I'm looking forward to nice weather as Deke has large outside grills and picnic tables.  
I recommend Deke's to everyone.An incredible disappointment from start to finish. The service was awkward and slow (seemed to be understaffed) and the food just wasn't good. 
We got the all-you-can-eat special for $20/person, wanting to try a bit of everything. It should really be called a chef's tasting menu, as you have no say in what you get or in what order you get it.  It comes with three sides - collards, beans, and cornbread. We eventually got two of those (after asking for them) after they'd served us four courses of meat with nothing to accompany it. We never got the cornbread, and considering how disappointing everything else had been, we didn't bother asking for it.
The best parts were the beer-soaked brat and the collards. Other reviews have mentioned that the collards seem undercooked, and it's true they are cooked less than typical, but they were spicy and pretty tasty. The brat was actually very good, but I don't go to a bbq joint to eat brats... The pulled pork was the best of the bbq items, and it was average at best. The ribs were meaty, but tasteless and chewy. The brisket had a strange texture and not much flavor. 
It's a bummer. We love the Rib Rack in the Northeast and were hoping to find a good spot closer to us. This definitely isn't it.Dropped into Deke's cuz I saw I half off coupon deal and we found ourselves in the "Polish Poconos". We wern't really hungry, and we didn't have a lot of time, but we are always up for something unusual and good. I like beer, I like bourbon and we like beef.  Joyce loved the ribs more than me but I liked them alot...I just wasn't prepared for the Piedmont style I guess. but they were fall off the bone good. Our bartender was a well traveled lass with a good solid history in the hospitality industry and so was excellent at making us welcome and qualifying our food needs according to our expressed tastes of the moment. She was very good at describing the preparation methods, tho I am ignorant of such things and fine detail like that is wasted on me, but I played along as if I knew.
Deke came out, served us at the bar and said hello. We ate. Left satisfied and will be back on an empty tank to see what else is cookin' there. 
Negs? Uh, I think the decor is a bit overdone in the hillbilly scrapyard motif. And they only take cash, which I happened to have. I hate the ATM things in bars, and they have one.
Overall a very good experience and one that I look forward to exploring the limits of.
Good Luck Deke.Great smoked real BBQ. Love the chicken wings and ribs. Cornbread and slaw are also on point.Awesome BBQ in Roxborough / Manayunk. Dekes is right next to Ugly Moose and shares the same parking lot.
Dekes is a garage-style set up on the inside also with outdoor seating / dog friendly.
Lots of BBQ sandwiches and entrees. Go for the Brisket or Pulled pork (carolina style). For sides, I like coleslaw and hush puppies. Cornbread here is addicting too.
Cool drink menu also.
Cash only.Was there yesterday before they opened at 5. Deke was very cool 'cause all we wanted was a beer as we were doing our own little crawl but he served us up.  
We stopped back around 8 and had just about everything and it was amazing! Great meat and tremendous sauces. It was exceptional! I'm trying to get the rest of the boys together to head back and... they've got good beer to boot! And yeah, Deke is way cool.
I'm a huge fan now!If you have read any of my reviews, you know I don't hold back when I encounter garbage. The same holds true when I encounter QUALITY. Come on folks, real BBQ (not yesterday's BBQ) in an old garage, with a cobblestone courtyard, valet parking, open air with the garage doors opening to the outdoor area.... great little bar. Yes...5 Stars. The place is far from perfect, but at least they have a clue at what they are shooting for. They are a little disorganized, and maybe slightly understaffed... But who cares? No risk here.... Open up your schedule and go.I was tempted to give only 4 stars because they only do buffet Thursday- sunday but I just couldn't withhold that one star. Dekes is some amazing bbq- the pork is so moist and the sauces they leave at tables are great. Thursday night Mason jar drinks are 2 for 1 and it's always something to fit the season- watermellon cocktail and rum punch in summer- spiked cider and peppermint drinks in winter.
Not only that- but deke himself is almost always there walking around to each table asking people for their opinions on the food and talking about the ingredients he used. What place nowadays do you have that kind of service? 
Dekes is one of my most fave places in the area!I'd definitely recommend Deke's.  I always loved the Ugly Moose, and Deke's next door is just as awesome (if not awesomer!)
What I love there:
- The Fat Dude Sandwich.  This thing is good enough to get a review on the Food Network.  Not kidding.  And the "Quad The Dude" challenge is hilarious/impossible.
- Deke's Nachos.  I've only seen him serve them once, but they were amazing.  He hand-makes the nacho chips.  They're crunchy but spongy all at the same time, and have tons of flavor.
And to boot, the rest of the place is great.  Easy parking, super friendly staff, and nice decor.  It kinda feels like a BBQ joint/ski lodge.  I know it doesn't make sense, but that's what it's like, and it works.Tommy Who?
Just went back to Deke's again on Saturday - its courtyard location (and lack of signage on the street) meant that despite it being busy everywhere else, we easily scored a table.
As usual, the food was amazing.  Everything is awesome, but I highly recommend the sliders and the baby back ribs.  Oh, and if Deke could just send me home with a quart of pickles, that'd be great.  
Mason jar drinks - love 'em.  All the juices are fresh in them, and there's no weird mixers.  The care Deke takes in making all of his food is obvious and the prices for what you get are very good.
Also, save room for the banana pudding and other desserts - or just get them to go.  
Basically, Deke could be making a lot more money if he plopped this beauty somewhere in Center City, or even on the main drag in Manayunk.  Just go, before everyone else finds this place!I was reluctant to post a review because I selflessly wanted to keep it to myself and did not want it to become so popular that I wouldn't be able to get in anymore, although that has started to happen now that word has spread about The best BBQ in Philadelphia hands down. 
Great setting and staff. The owner takes a personal approach and will come around to ask how everything was. Finally a decent restaurant in Roxbourgh / Manayunk.
The BBQ is Carolina style with vinegar mixed in, everything is fresh and made to order. Start with the fritters and make sure to order the homemade cornbread with honey on top served with pickles and slaw. 
I've been over a dozen times and have yet to been given a bad cut of meat.
If you're hungry get the all-you-can-eat for $20. 
Awesome, awesome, awesome.I recently held a private party @ Deke's and I couldn't have asked for a better venue. Food was amazing and service was fabulous, I really couldn't have asked for more!  I am a horrible party planner but Deke and Jackie made the process extremely easy and were very accommodating. All my guests loved the event and we are excited to plan another party and come again :)My wife, a friend and I tried it for dinner on Saturday, January 22, 2011.
First, on a cold night, it is drafty in there. I won't try it again until the weather warms up.
Through sharing and tasting my wife and friend's items, I did try a lot of items. As for the sauce, this is a vinegar BBQ place. If you like that vinegar taste, you'll be happy, if not, don't have high hopes. I'm kinda in the middle.
The meat (pulled pork, chicken and ribs) are all good but I wasn't blown blown away.
The sides were decent but only three of them are available on a given day. I don't know anything from collard greens. I thought they were OK but I admit my opinion means nothing about that. They cornbread is quite good. It comes with a little maple syrup on top and is delicious. I liked the grits but not blown away.
If I could five star one dish, it would be the bourbon pecan pie. It was $8 (even though the website says $5 - what's up with that?) but I'd get it again. It has chocolate interspersed in, a flavor that works very well with the pecan and the bourbon. One layer of the pie is like a gooey bourbon custard and it is to die for. A real home run on that.
So I would try Deke's again (Spring through Fall) but besides the pie, I wasn't blown away.Funky experience with the all-you-can-eat special.
It's more of an all-we-feel-like-bringing-you situation.  We had 6 people who all got the $18 all-u-can-eat special.  They brought out 5 rounds where people shared 2-3 servings of each item.  They were cornbread and grits (good), chicken wings (meh; rubbery), ribs (decent), pulled pork (poor), and brisket (good).  We had to ask for a 6th round and they relunctantly brought out 6 keilbasa sandwiches (OK) with fries.  Seems like an early mac-n-cheese/collard green round was missing.  Also, no dessert.
All-in-all, a bunch of food, but an unnecessarily awkward experience.  Just call it a 5-course dinner!!Great BBQ/atmosphere. Come hungry and try the buffet. Make sure to get a bucket of pounders, comes with a surprise beer. Cash only, tons of street parking.Best bbq in town!  Great owners who are there everyday to ensure great food and service.  Try the brisket cheesesteak!I went to Dekes for a private party and I HIGHLY recommend everyone else do so as well if you are looking for a place.  I am not a huge BBQ fan, at least that's what I thought until I went to Deke's.  The pulled pork was the absolute best I have ever had in my entire life and it's not even close.  Ive been to the best BBQ places Kansas City has had to offer and all of them left me very underwhelmed so it was up until I went to dekes I told everyone I didn't like BBQ.  I can no longer say that.  Do yourself a favor and try the pulled pork sandwich, I assure you that you won't regret it.