Very solid all around cheese steak, especially for a place that delivers. I was recently staying at the Embassy Suits in Center City and they delivered there very quickly. It was about 20 degrees outside and really windy so this really hit the spot and I stayed warm.I'm a reg here, we often order delivery and they come pretty quickly. Food is fast and consistent, if you haven't had Del Rossi's.....it's a must try.Quick delivery to our hotel. Awesome cheesesteak, super good hoagie, fresh veggies. Cannoli was also great! Thanks for delivering on this super chilly night!!Went inside and sat down here, not a Philly native. Sandwiches came out quick, waitress and staff were friendly.
Food was good, exactly what we expected. Place was clean, onion rings were super tasty. Would definitely go back.The pizza was on the chewy side.  Not a bad choice if you are ordering late and nothing else is open.I live right around the corner and saw this place being built for a while, so when i saw it was open, i figured i had to try one of their cheesesteaks.  I was hoping i wouldnt have to drive out to delassandro's or down to john's roast pork anymore, but i was very disappointed with this place.  the roll was great, but the meat was not sliced thin, and it wasnt chopped up like it should be, also the cheese should be mixed with the meat instead of just placed on the roll.  also, places like delassandro's give you plenty of meat, this place, the meat didnt even come close to covering the whole roll.  the decor is nice and its clean, and dont know about  the other food, but there cheesesteaks need tons of improvement.So good!! Pizza was great, cheese fries were awesome, and the workers were nice. An extra plus was that the bathrooms are kept nice and clean!I've ordered from Del Ross's many times and have a number of favorites.  Today I stopped in for a turkey burger.  WOW!!!  This burger was fresh and perfectly seasoned.  You'd expect to find this hand crafted marvel in a home kitchen, not a pizza shop.  I highly recommend.This place has a great veggie burger. Crispy outside meaty inside. I always order takeout. But they have a fairly large dining area. Their pizza is real good especially the bacon cheeseburger pizza. The small pizza is big enough for 2 meals.Love this place!!! Best pizza in northern liberties and the best cheesesteaks in Philly! I order from here all the time. The customer service is amazing! This is hands down a 5star for me!Food here is pretty dope, but these clowns have burned me multiple times and their delivery boy is a miserable old fuck.Delivery drivers are awesome!! I've got a tricky address but they're the only delivery people who find me the first time, every time. 
Also use Del Rossi's app or call in to get the Tuesday pizza special!I ordered a pizza from here and under the cheese I found a long piece of hair and it was so unappetizing to seeI ordered from this place on a whim because I had an Eat24 coupon and wanted a cheesesteak. It was absolutely disgusting. I took one bite and threw it out.Great food and great portions.  Came here with my cousin and sister after being out and about in philly.  We each had a cheesesteak, a small personal pizza to share and some fries.  Everything came out great and the service was quick.  Everyone here was super friendly.  Will definitely come backWe ordered a Friday night delivery,  took about an hour but the staff was very friendly and the food was still very good.I had one of the best cheesesteaks in Philly from Del Rossi's and I have lived in center city Philadelphia for 25 years now.  It was cheesesteak hoagie with extra sharp provolone w/ extra cheese fried onions, mushrooms and mayo.  The meat was so tender and juicy, the bread was different than most places--more like " Atlantic City" bread.  The combination of all the ingredients with lettuce and tomato was terrific!! Can't wait for another one soon!Thank my friend Jose for turning us onto this place.  Tried the rest, now have had the best cheese steak in Philly.  Cajun fries for a side and crazy good canoli for desert.  Clean and staff was great.Here are some short sentences to help you get a feeling for my favorite go-to restaurant:
- The pizza here is as close to New Haven pizza as Philadelphia can get.
- The cheesesteaks aren't bad, but the other sandwiches are much better.
- Good prices.
- They deliver past midnight.
- GrubHub orders go out just as fast (if not faster) than phone orders.
- The food is consistent.
- If you're looking for a Michelin star joint, this ain't the place.
- If you're looking for a fast and reliable meal that tastes good, this *is* the place.
PS omg cannolis amirite???Ordered the chicken bacon ranch pizza & some wings. Tasty!This place is full of one health code violation after another! Originally when this place first opened up me and my coworkers raved about how good their burgers were! One day things happened to take a turn for the worst! My meat was tough and drenched in so much oil that the bread fell apart. They changed their fries from shoe string cut, to zig zag, and now to this thicker cut and none of them were ever crispy. I've asked them in the past to place my fries in a bag to keep them from getting soggy and eventually they started doing all of their orders like that, but now even in the bags they're still soggy. After not ordering from them for a few months my coworker and I went against my better judgement and decided to give them another try. By now hoping things may have gotten better plus I've never been to the actual location before. Before leaving my office I ordered my food on my Grubhub app. My office is 10-15 mins away plus we stopped to go to CVS for a good 20 mins so I figured that was ok because it's next door to the restaurant yet my food still wasn't ready once I got there. As I waited my coworker went and ordered a slice of pizza. They were busy so I waited and I waited in horror! The staff was all over the place and not a single glove was worn in site! I watch one employee take a rag and wipe food, paper and some rolls to the edge of the cutting board so he could prepare a pizza. That wasn't before he took that same rag and tossed it onto the roll which another employee proceeded to make sandwiches with! Next an older woman began making sandwiches along with the other young lady and because she was short she couldn't properly reach some ingredients she needed. She then proceeded to lean over the cutting board boobs mashed completely against the sandwich and once she had what she need she proceed to finish making the same sandwich! Mind you NOBODY was wearing ANY GLOVES! Between that and the pizza man rubbing his ungloved hands on his nose while making pizzas the cashier woman finally asked me had I been helped. I hesitated because I was in a state of shock but told her no and gave her my name. She couldn't find my food so I waited some more....Now I started looking at the food on the floor and then my eye began to watch the man on the grill. Jesus Christ where do I begin...well for starters a lot of cross contamination with the meats. Beef, steak and chicken prepared in the small spot on the grill and shoved off to the side. Cheese sat in a metal pan next to the grill melting and clearly not kept at the temperature it should be. I found out why my burgers have been so oily it was because the man was pressing the meats so hard against the grill cooking out all of the natural oils and grabbing this bottle of oil dumping it all over the meat. After waiting over 20 mins, my coworker asked if our food was ready. We were advised that her pizza was forgotten in the over and that my order wasn't anywhere to be found. I was finally able to get someone's attention and asked them to cancel my order because I couldn't stomach it. The young lady was ready to give me a refund and this old woman started yelling at her "I told you her order was ready! The bag is right here!" all while she's slamming my bag of food on the counter. The young lady still being polite says she didn't know and the old woman has now marched towards the kitchen and is yelling towards the girl speaking to a guy who I believe was the manager. I whispered to the girl "If you're going to get in trouble for this then don't worry about it I'll just take the food" she apologizes again and I got out of there. I get to work and the fries are soggy, the burger is burnt, tasteless, full of oil and the lettuce were wilted. I threw the whole bag out and proceeded to write this review...I will never go to this dump again!This place has quickly become our new go-to for sandwiches, strombolis and pizza in NoLibs.  Everything we have ordered, from the buffalo chicken cutlet sandwich to the meatball Stromboli, has been amazing.  The guys who work there are super friendly and the food is always ready fast, whether you order in person, by phone or via GrubHub.  Everything is reasonably priced and you definitely get value for your money.  I've never been disappointed with Del Rossi's food or service and will continue to order from them.  I do wish they sold beer though (which Plaza Pizza in the shopping center across the street does)I really did enjoy this place. The cashier was incredibly friendly, and the food service was quick. The server was friendly and sweet. The food was good, I ordered a cheesesteak with onions and sharp provolone. The free soda with a check in was an awesome touch! I would recommend this joint for a cheesesteak.As me and my friend were leaving the casino,.....she spotted Del Rossi's Chzstk Co. and we decided to make a u-turn stop at this new place.  Well, we ordered cheesesteaks, buffalo-cheese-steaks, salads & a cheeseburger.  Everything was wonderful, especially the burger.   I have a new place for my burgers!  They should change the name to "Del Rossi's Burger Co."My gf moved to Northern Liberties months ago and we've search for pizzas/take out restaurants in that time and they all sucked.  I finally went to del rossi's for a cheese steak and it was outstanding. Best I've had in the city. Since then we had the pizza and many other sandwiches. Everything is fantastic. I won't go anywhere else. Pats, genos and tony Luke's suck. This place is where it's at. Don't miss out.Really Horrible Delivery experience. Was excited and hoping for it to be good as these yelp reviews show but life isn't perfect. 
Placed online ordered through yelp 1:20am. Said they received it and would take 45min-60min. Fine, expected the time. 
Called at 2:20am to ask where the driver/food was. The person that picked up the phone said that they had they didn't have the right address and didn't know where to deliver to. Odd when yelp sends the receipt of the email that includes your information like address of delivery and number to contact. A bit upset because you would expect basic management or communication skills to kick in. If you had the wrong or improper address, you would think they would contact you through the number you provided for contact reasons to ask for the proper address. Called, they said they would deliver it. (2:30am)
Got the food finally at 2:55am. 
Not really in the mood to eat and extremely tired from waiting an hour and a half. 
Expected more from the customer service aspect and how they handled it.I get a cheesesteak delivered a few times a month. Sometimes two cheesesteaks, sometimes one and cheese fries. One cheesesteak is enough to split with my gf, so getting two means we have the second one for breakfast with eggs (oh my god so good). The food is always delivered fast and tastes amazing.Great spot if you're on the couch and want delivery. They have a robust menu and everything on there is solid. Good cheesesteaks, hoagies, burgers, wieners, pizza, and fries. Reasonably priced too esp the wieners and Texas wieners($3-$5). They have great melted American cheese to top hoer fries. Open late too. When in up in the air, def my go to.Last night i had Del Rossi deliver and had my first ever cheesesteak IN philadelphia. Amazing! The meat was tender and perfect, the cheese was melted through just right and the bread was soft. My boyfriend and i said out loud several times how delicious it was. We tried another place today which was on the top ten suggestions for cheesesteak and we were both disappointed. Del Rossi was a million times better!Ordered a hoagie online, along with Cajun fries (crab fries) and a canoli for delivery. It was surprisingly great. Wasn't that expensive, and the hoagie was huge. Very impressed, definitely my new go to hoagie jointWhen in Philly this is where we go for our Philly cheesesteaks. Nice clean restaurant with tables to sit and enjoy the food. Cheesesteaks are to die for. Wow writing this is really making me want one. Ugh. Fries are real good too. Can't wait to go back!!I was convinced to order a cheesesteak from Del Rossi's since John's Roast Pork is too far from my house. Their cheesesteak isn't bad.. I wished that they would've melted my american cheese in it. I felt that they forgot about it and then had to put it in last minute. Besides their cheesesteak, I tried their pizza and fries. The food isn't bad for a pizza joint. And I love how they take credit cards. I'd be ordering more in the future.1  Philly Style French Bread Pizza  $ 7.45
1  Soda  $ 1.75
1  Mozzarella Sticks  $ 5.25
Del Rossi's has a relatively small menu compared to most pizza & cheesesteak places in Philly. However, almost everything they do offer is pretty good. These are 2nd favorite cheese sticks in the city. They are a bit pricey, but the marinara that comes with them is home made and delicious. It's a very simple marinara that isn't annoying infused with oregano and other spices. This allows for the main focus of the cheese stick to be the ....well the cheese. 
Also points for this french bread pizza. It's exactly what you think it is, just like the ones that come frozen at the supermarket. Except it's not frozen it's home made and delicious.  It's also quite large, but not 7.45 large. If you are fat like I am this will not fill you up and you would probably also want spend 2 more dollars and order a pizza. However, this was just an afternoon snack for me so I was mostly satisfied.DO NOT OVERLOOK THIS PLACE. Just because it's on Spring Garden and not in South Philly, does not mean they aren't capable of making a great steak. 
Simply the most underrated cheesesteak place of them all. (Relax, that doesn't mean the best.) But I'll say top ten. 
Their bread is on fleek (did I use that right? oh well), which why I'm all over this place. It's all about the bread. The same bread is used for their really good hoagies. 
Their onions are the best, because they thinly slice them on the deli slicer and then toss them on the flattop to get a little caramelization. They aren't those tasteless undercooked squares that other places get away with. 
And their open until 3a. And they deliver. Too much goodness.The za was decent, but the buffalo chicken cheesesteak was the worst I've ever had. They made a chicken cheesesteak with melted american cheese and dumped hot sauce on after it was on the roll. HEY JABRONI'S, try cooking the steak in buffalo sauce and using bleu cheese or ranch instead of american. Pathetic for a "cheesesteak" joint.Staff always very nice. The pizza sauce is makes this my new favorite. The pan pizza has the right balance of crustI don't know much about the rest of their menu, but every time I've had their cheesesteaks, they've been great!  Try it wiz wit (for out of towners, that's with cheese whiz.  I know it sounds crazy and when I first moved here, I wouldn't do it, but I've been here over 4 years and this is the way to do it, at least at Del Rossi's).  
Their customer service is friendly.  The only downside is that sometimes their service is a little slow for delivery.  Still, if you want a good cheesesteak, they always hit the spot.We've gotten cheesesteaks from here a couple times and they're pretty good, the bread is very good as are the French fries. I tried a slice of deep dish pizza with pepperoni and sausage because it looked delicious, and it was.Really good food.. Cheesesteaks were amazing.. Bread was awesome.. Definitely would recommend getting the cheese whiz and onions.. Rather small inside.. Salads were absolutely huge !Ive stopped in once and ordered a mushroom chicken cheese steak.  The place caters very well to customers that are dining in and its very clean. last week ordered a delivery of 2 regular mushroom cheesesteaks with wiz last weekend actually thru this app. The steaks sandwiches were fantastic.  This is a good local spot if you want a cheesesteak and they deliver fairly quickly.Delish I finally got to taste real Philly cheese steak.   Also ordered a salad loved the fresh greens and garlic  bread yumThe cheesesteaks were good and the preparation was speedy. 
If you are looking for a good cheesesteak to have delivered, I recommend you give this place a chanceHave ordered delivery several times.  This is the second time it came half an hour late and cold.  Ordered 8:45, showed up by 10:15 in the hands of a smug kid full of excuses.  I'm done with del Rossi's...We decided to give Del Rossi a try after I saw it one afternoon on my way home. We opted for a CheeseSteak (american cheese and onions), a Hot Dog with mustard, onions and sauerkraut and a side of fries.
The food was pleasing, the CheeseSteak is "New Jersey" style, comparable to the ones at Gaetanos (ols school not the latest that are a-ok at best), the roll was very good (although not seeded) and the meat, cheese, onion mix was great with no ingridients overpowering the rest. 
The Hot Dog was great (they use Nathans), nicely sized with great tasting sauerkraut, and good roll on this one too,
French Fries...boardwalk style, extremely good and made from fresh potatoes, not a the usual pre-cooked frozen ones that a lot of pizza and steak joints decide to use and sell as "fresh cooked fries".
Overall a good experience, we definately will try it again. Perhaps a pizza next time.Took almost an hour to receive my order. When the guy came I said something and he replied, "they were busy." I ordered wings, fries, and the California burger. The worst-hands down the fries! They were limp like my last date and had no seasoning. I should of listened to the reviews. The California burger, AKA a deluxe Cheeseburger, not great! I heated everything up by the time I got it and don't know if it was using the microwave or not, but the bun was chewy. I asked for it Medium and it was well. They have a dozen burger listed, I would think they would be somewhat decent. The wings weren't bad, but the wing sauce came on the side. Luckily I have a bowl and some tongs and can toss it up. I won't be back.This place has gone down hill in the past year or so. The last three times I ordered I was disappointed. I got a cheese steak that was very skimpy on the meat. The pizza, mozzarella sticks and garlic bread were cold and soggy. The Cesar salad had mostly brown lettuce. There are a ton of pizza places in the city, I suggest trying somewhere else.Worst pizza place they never send my delivery on time. Pizza came an hr late and was cold. They never even aplogized or tried to deliver sooner. Never order from here again please. Your better off anywhere else. They claim that my phone number was wrong but ive been ordering in gruh hub all the time and have even ordered from them in the oast month. I called the pizza place multiple times so this also could have been mentioned even onceOrdered the Cheesesteak Pizza while in Philly and multiple people agreed it was the best pizza they'd ever had. Basically writing this review as a reminder of where it was in case I'm ever in the area again.I order from here often, I might be addicted to their chili fries, and they have massive hot dogs if you're into that sort of thing (I am). This is a go-to of mine when I'm having late night cravings for something yummy and dependable. And the chili that they put on the chili fries? So good I sometimes just order it by itself. This review is really about their customer service, though. There was a mix up with my delivery order and it somehow never got processed. When I called to inquire, the staff was extremely helpful and patient, and genuinely wanted to make sure I was satisfied. They cleared everything up with my order, were very apologetic (even though I really didn't think it was their fault) and rushed it out to me. I'll be a loyal customer as long as I'm in philly, not only for the delicious fixin's, but also for the attention to detail and lovely customer service. Mm mm mm!I have only had a few items from the relatively new food spot in Philadelphia, but I would definitely go again.  The cheese sauce they use for their cajun fries is delicious, and their cheesesteaks are good too.  I would definitely recommend checking out this new spot in Philly.I remember watching them build this place for what seemed like years.
I don't eat a lot of meat anymore, but when I do, I like it to count and be delicious.
Imagine my disappointment when I get a greasy, forgettable steak sandwich from them (and my girlfriend gets a disappointing "veggie" sandwich). 
The pizza is also the "greasy" type.
I think I prefer anywhere else to here, and haven't been back.
I mean, when you can get a perfect steak sandwich that is essentially award-winning at like Paesano's, which is like a dumpy hole-in-the-wall but has the best, why bother with this place?
There is like a role for a place like this -- it has a lot of seating, so you could bring a large party in the back.  That's something, I guess.  
Suggestion:
This place needs to pick a distinctive identity, whatever that is, and decide to be great at it.  Want to be a value leader, and compete on price with places like Trios -- fine, try that.  Want to hire a professional chef and add in flavors?  Great idea.  Or want to go for a particular type of pizza, and really do that the best?  Excellent.
But what we have here is like a generic pizza place.  Which would be fine, except the prices aren't so low.  So if they want to keep doing what they're doing, they need specials and deals to draw a guy like me in.
(P.S. Also, even though the building is reasonably wide, there's no accessibility ramp, and while I work normally, it just bothers me when things are like that.)Placed a delivery order through GrubHub on Friday evening and was pretty pleased.  Let it be known that I am a vegetarian, so I absolutely cannot comment on the quality of "authenticity" of the titular cheesesteaks. With that said, the Eggplant Supreme Hoagie was delicious and came on a great seeded roll (this seems to be a majorly divisive issue on these reviews). I also got an order of onion rings and a small pie.  The Onion Rings were good, but I probably won't bother with the pizza again.  The biggest gripe I had with it was an underserving of cheese. I didn't let that detract from my experience, however, because Del Rossi's doesn't call itself a pizza place and I have been satisfied by only a handful of pizza joints in Philadelphia since relocating from NY/NJ. 
All told, the delivery was pretty quick and I'll order again.Food was good but service was not. Waited forever to get our food. Saw manager or owner not sure which apologize to a couple before us and after us,  but we received no such courtesy. Also couple who came in after us received their cheesesteak less than 10 minutes.I literally can't talk up this place enough. I went to all the gimmicky steak shops around town that are "famous" but this place blows them away. The bread is crunchy on the outside, soft on the in. The ingredients are fresh, and I've never met an unhappy person here. Prices are affordable and food is unstoppable. Our 45 minute drive to del rossi's is worth every mile.Just ordered from here on grubhub. Both the chicken cheesesteak and burgers were awesome!! I highly recommend this place! The delivery was also pretty quick!Accommodated our group of 24 with speed and friendliness. Amazing food,
Great staff made a point to talk with the group, you gotta try.I've gotten delivery from this place twice.  First time, I got a cheese hoagie with sweet peppers and sharp provolone.  It was tasty, and everything I expected.  The seeded roll was good too.  It seemed a little soggy, and I think that the sweet peppers might have been canned or jarred in some kind of liquid.  It wasnt overly soggy or anything, just something I noticed.
Ordered from them again and got the veggie deluxe hoagie.  I like all the things that came on it, but for some reason it was almost uneatable. The sandwich was so unbelievably bitter.  I thought maybe it was the broccoli rabe so I picked through it and took all that off, and it was STILL incredibly bitter.  Like to the point where I tried to eat it anyway, and actually felt nauseous. I picked through it again and this time took out the spinach, just trying to find out whatever it was that was making it so bitter so I could get some good out of this sandwich.  It was still really gross so I ended up just throwing it away.  Big waste of $7.  Might order from this place again, but definitely not getting the veggie sandwich.  Also, delivery took over an hour which was annoying.   I'll probably just stick to ordering from Lazo's cause they seem to have better quality food and delivery is incredibly fast.I love this place. They're so nice and everything I've had is yummy. Their salads are always fresh. Their cheesesteak is soooo yummy. The best I've had second to Pats. Also one of the best chicken parm sandwiches I've ever had. Will keep going back!Ordered delivery from here last night . Got 2 steaks, wiz without and wiz with and cheese fries. Pretty standard order but seems hard to get a good steak when it's delivery . I was proved wrong , this place makes a pretty good sandwich. The bread was fresh and had the perfect texture . They don't skimp on the meat or the cheese. Everything tasted fresh and was seasoned well. Customer service was really good , they couldn't have been more friendly . We will definitely order from here again ..Fucking awesome. Always fast. Always consistent. Comes through in a jam more than a few times already. Steak and shake was my favorite for s long time before they sent me these guys way.I was a bit skeptical of this place due to the reviews but I ordered a small supreme pizza and it was amazing! Very fast for take out orders. I've gotten the cajun fries in the past and they were alright. Also have gotten pizza by the skice before which was pretty good but would recommend ordering a while pie.My absolute FAVORITE family owned cheesesteak spot! I take frequent trips to Philly to visit family and friends but always schedule time to make my way here to indulge in a flavorful cheesesteak. I don't know what the magic they put in it BUT it's magical in my heart lol. I ordered the basic cheesesteak with fried onions and provolone cheese and I topped it off with some red and green spicy peppers and light mayo. I also was able to use my free soft drink offer on this yelp app by checking in. Next time I come I want to try one of their pizza pies because I'm sure it's just as equally great. It's always great to come here, be welcomed and spread the word of the awesome quality of the food and welcoming customer service. Thanks!Not good.
Veggie sandwich was awful, barely edible. Bread was very stale, greens were super bitter, the broccoli rabe was too tough/stringy to eat, and the tomatoes were underripe and not cored. Buffalo chicken pizza wasn't great either, and the chicken tasted off.
After being served food this bad, even once, we could never justify eating from here again.Ordered a chicken cheesesteak, fries, and turkey sub for delivery. The cheesesteak was dry and they forgot some of the ingredients (lettuce, tomato, onion and mayo). The turkey sub was not good and the fries were cold and they didn't include ketchup. Definitely will not order via delivery ever again.We were looking for good cheesesteak on way from museum to north jersey - tried this place. Husband had cheesesteak - good no complaints. I had meatball parm and thought pleasantly surprised. Place has real nice dining area in back you would not expect from front. Came out hot and delivered together at table. Can watch game on TV from most tables. Or ignore it. Not to busy night we stopped in.
Loved the way they did the bread roll- crispy and take out some of the breadtried a provolone steak with onions.  the meat was dry and had too much gristle.  the roll was soft and fresh but the overall sandwich (meat, cheese, onions, roll) was average at best.  i live in the area and was hoping it would be good.  pretty dissapointed.  oh well, maybe their pizza is better??
also, there was only one guy at the counter taking orders, answering the phone, ringing people up,,  it took forever to get my food and pay.
on a good note, there is a large, clean area to sit and eat with a lot of tables.We ordered late night delivery from them. The chicken fingers and cheese sticks were  the heat-from-frozen kind but were fine. They forgot our fries. The cheesesteak was fine, but not the best I've had. Good selection for low expectation, late night ordering.Service isn't great. People look miserable working there and they aren't very polite the phone. Food is pretty good however , they have messed up my order several times so when I order from there , I check my food before leaving.Meh, though every person I spoke with on the phone was really friendly, and the delivery guy was all smiles and professionalism.  Still, the product and delivery capabilities fell WAY short.
I had to call them 15 minutes after placing my seamless order because I didn't have a confirmation.  First dude thought I was a Seamless rep...passed me off to someone else....that dude finally found my order....told me it was already in the works and on the way shortly....though it wasn't confirmed for another 20 minutes....was delivered outside of the delivery window.....the cheesesteak egg rolls were just short of being too burnt to eat....cheesesteak wasn't all that hot by the time it arrived.....the steak is lean, which would normally be good....but not with a Philly....it should have enough fat to soak into the bun...so mine was really dry....and they didn't put mayo on the side as requested.
Again, SUPER awesome customer service, and I'm thinking worth trying if you're close in radius to their shop, or eating in, or maybe trying a cold sub.  But this just missed the mark for what I ordered....Great place for lunch, cheese steaks are great and the people are really friendly. FYI try the chocolate chip cookies, you won't regret itI ordered lunch this afternoon via Grubhub. Small personal pizza, and a cheesesteak with provolone cheese, fried onions, and s/p/k. While my pizza was delicious, my cheesesteak was inedible. Very very soggy bread, minimal ketchup and the and again the bread was very soggy. I will try again with this place, maybe ordering and eating in the establishment.I recently had the worst customer service experience. I ordered food off of their app where the delivery time was detailed. After 30 minutes past the expected delivery time, I gave them a call to check on my order. They kept me on the phone as they searched for my order on the app. After they said they hadn't started my order, I asked them to please cancel it and refund my card. They claimed that they couldn't refund my card and hassled me about the charge. They told me to come pick up the cash from them, after I said I wasn't going to be here to receive the delivery. 
I ended up having to call my credit card company to cancel the charge. I will never order from here again.Excellent late-night, post-tequila shots snacking delivered to your door. 
Our go-to is a pie and fries with wiz. Their fries are shoestring and salty and delicious, and I'm pretty sure they lace their wiz with cocaine. It's unbelievable. Although I guess that could've been the alcohol talking. Anyway, dip your pizza in it.
If you're drunk and looking to eat pizza and cheese fries without having to talk to anyone on the phone (online ordering) and without having to the leave the house, go for it.Not only were the Philly Cheese Steaks great, but Del Rossi's provided exceptional service.  I called from California to order 4 cheese steaks to be delivered to my kids who were staying in Philadelphia, and Del Rossi's was more than happy to take my order and deliver efficiently to the hotel.  The sandwiches were hot and fantastic.
Thank you!!Convenient to my daughter's place. Buffalo Chicken sandwich was just ok. Not a lot of sauce and they use American cheese.  Prefer blue with buffalo. My daughter got spicy chicken cutlet sandwich and thought it wasn't especially spicy. Decent rolls. Hubby had Italian hoagie and was happy.I was in LOVE with this place until they changed their meat. They are very new, and wanted to make a great steak with a good impression. They had me, then they lost me. It's your average chopped unflavored thin crap meat. Prior to this, they had this thick cut delicousness... I shant be back til they change their ways...Pretty solid chicken cheesesteak. Added onions and mushrooms with pepper jack cheese. I was happy with the size and amount of chicken and veggies it had. The bread was ok, a little chewy. Ordered skin on fries for my side and they were great. Well seasoned and crispy. I'd go back to try other items on the menu! Eat itWhen we started to come to this establishment they had just opened. The fries were amazing. I wanted to order them every single time we called in an order. Suddenly..... the fries changed; they were soggy, gross, and disappointing. I stopped ordering them immediately. 
In addition, the prices for toppings are ABSURD. Seriously, multiple dollars to add mushrooms? I can buy an entire case of them at the supermarket and COOK THEM MYSELF. Screw that.
I had been so proud of them for the fact that they made their cheese steaks out of real true meat, and that they were amazing. Since then I haven't really had a complaint (thus, 2 stars). However, BEWARE the "chicken cheese steak" as it is just chunks of chicken and it is disgusting. The last thing we ordered recently was delivered to our home within a reasonable time but the burgers were completely undercooked (totally red) and it was a very mediocre experience. I threw out the burger. A wasted 7 dollars, I am so disappointed in them. 
We have decided not to return. Find another location unless you just want a cheese steak.In my humble opinion, the best cheesesteaks in the area. Chicken cheesesteak with provolone & fried onions is ridiculous. Firm, toasted roll with the right amount of meat & toppings. It's always the same and always right. No sloppy messes here and no self indulgent shrines to the owner. I have three daughters and this is their favorite place to eat. They love the pizza, hamburgers and fries. I live in South Jersey and it's definitely worth the trip across the bridge. Despite its being in Philly, its very accessible and also very clean. Doing the simple things well is a lost art, and DelRossi's does them very, very well. Nice people. Highly recommended.Yummy! Cheesesteak with wiz & shrooms. Worth it. Both our girls loved the pizza. Easy parking outside & crew was very nice.Dave (owner) great dude. They get busy watch out who knows what you get when order. Overall great place when not jammed. Loyal support and always go back but watch the timesThe chicken steak sandwiches from this place area terrific.  I don't know what they're doing -- but each time the chicken is tender and juicy.  That's actually hard to do in a grilled chicken sandwich. 
Props!I was disappointed with the cheesesteak.  A friend told me they were the best in the city, I thought it tasted more like shredded canned dog food meat. Too salty and the meat was dry. The front desk lady was blown away when I threw her a couple dollars, then I learned why. Probably wont be backI am so disappointed! Everyone in my office has been raving about this place for its sandwiches, and in particular the bread. I took a chance and ordered pizza for our next staff meeting, and was very please. The Chicken Primavera pizza is a new office favorite. However, I made the HUGE MISTAKE of ordering the chili dog and hot dog for my own personal lunch. I usually LOVE Nathan's hot dogs, so I don't understand why they were SO SALTY!!! I had to throw it away! From now on I will stick with the safe bets that people recommend.Best 3am cheesesteak in NoLibs and the staff was super nice.  See you on the next bar hop mission.Purdy Good. Price range might seem a tad bit higher than a pizza joint should be, but I've found the portions to be fairly massive. The menu offers plenty of options and the place is clean. Counter staff seems to get a bit confused at times, and they have twice left items off of my orders (toppings and extras paid for via grub hub) but Grub Hub takes care of that sort of thing promptly. It's greasy, but very satisfying (at least until you fall into a cheese induced nausea coma at your desk). Worthy of a go to neighborhood spot.
P.S. Methinks their "chicken cutlets" are suspiciously close to some kind of chicken finger. At the very least, they're fresh from a freezer.Ordered food from here late night. The order came at a reasonable time but the driver couldn't find my address and I had to walk 2 blocks to find him, even that wasn't really a big deal, but the food was awful. Had a chicken blt that was to date one of the worst sandwiches i have eaten. Cheese fries too, just awfulMy boyfriend got a cheesesteak and I got a buffalo chicken cheesesteak. Not very good and our sandwiches were around $8 a piece. I've had so much better for the price.Ordered pickup - place was clean, fast, and friendly. The cheesesteak was one of the best I've had! Great roll and perfect ratio to cheese and steak. We also the Cajun fries and we're really impressed with the quality and cheese dip. It was definitely a contender with crab fries from Chickie&Petes (gasp!). Overall, great service and food! I'll be back!First two times the cheese steak was pretty good. Just left there a couple hours ago and this time the bread was stale and hard and the steak tasted like it was in the freezer for a long time. I might have to find a new place. I was okay with it at first but if they don't care about the level of food that they serve than they don't deserve my business or anyone else's. Looks like this is a hit or miss type a spot. I'll have to try Jim's next time. I guess I'll have to drive a little further into Philly now when I really didn't want to.We order from them at least once a week and the food is always on point.  Delivery service is fast and friendly every time.  I stopped in last week with my little guy, who is a toddler, to pick up some food on our way home from the park.  All of the staff was so nice and accomodating and even gave him a chicken tender to munch on while we waited.  Some of the best service and food I have had since moving to Philly a few months ago.  You need to check this place out!It took a good hour or two to get my pizza and sides from these guys on grubhub. But I cant really fault them on that since it was a saturday night and placed my order at like 12:30-1:00am so thats fair enough they were super busy. The mozzarella sticks I got were pretty mehh but the taco pizza was pretty solid. Id go here again but it didnt seem like anything to fancy or crazy.Clean environment with the best Cheese Steaks in Philadelphia. Pizza is always fresh.
I brought my fight team with me a few times, we all agree this place is awesome.
I brought my little sisters before they love this place.
Five stars all and two thumbs wayyyy up from me.We really enjoy this place. It's quick, affordable and really tasty! The staff is super friendly and welcoming and they even let us bring in our dog when we walk over. I love that the menu offers so much too and the food is always fresh! A great neighborhood place to grab a slice, salad or cheesesteak!Been ordering from them for several years. Zero issues so far.
Try the Southwest Burger.Live around the block so I visit here often.  The place is super clean and they have a nice menu.  The food is good for the most part.  Cheese steak is ok, the meat can be a little on the dry side sometimes and they never put enough cheese on, so order extra cheese.  The red pie is great.  The Italian hoagie is ok, they don't put a lot of meat on it and over load it with lettuce, tomato and onion.  It is more like a chef salad on a hoagie roll.Solid Philadelphia subs; great cheesesteak; don't get a salad. About 45-1 hour estimate wait for delivery. If you live in the area it's a good choice for sunday hangover. We've eaten here countless times and will continue to get there massive subs!I guess it is all in who is cooking some days pretty good other days it might be burnt. Could have a great cheese steak but the meat has so much fat and stringy it is hard to eat, it is the only place near me so I continue to order but if I could find a better place I would definitely order from them, nothing like Jims steaks .Well since moving from NYC I have been on a mission to find the best cheesesteak in town, 14 places later with all the heavy hitters, this is the spot. We went in person with my new york friends that were visiting, and it took them for a loop. Oil and vinegar makes it for me, try it. Service was amazing, staff was warm and inviting even though we were dressed in our Harley Davidson best. I have since ordered 3 times and the food has been nothing but consistent.Chicken cheesesteak was excellent. Fries were also great. Quick delivery time, great food. Highly recommend!Do NOT eat from this restaurant. Ordered a Cheesesteak with fried onions, mushrooms, and provolone (salt, pepper, and ketchup). 
The first bite tasted funny but I was hungry so I tried a few more bites. After that, I stopped eating the sandwich. It just tasted awful. 
Within a few hours, I experienced stomach cramping and nausea. Do yourself a favor and stay away.My new favorite pizza place. Although it's in Northern Liberties, I often order delivery from Del Rossi's to Queen Village. 
Pizza is good and fairly priced. Slightly more sauce than cheese. The sauce is great though, a bit sweet, how it's supposed to be. Traditional thin crust.
Cheesesteaks are great and packed hella fat. Super soft Italian rolls, very finely chopped steak, melty (American for me) cheese, and sweet onions. I got extra cheese. 
Yes delivery sometimes does take a while, but I have a feeling the place is short staffed a bit because of my few conversations with the hostess over the phone. Expect about an hour. 
Next time I will be trying the wings and fries, or maybe a hoagie 
Please give my review a thumbs up if it helped you with your experience with Del Rossi's. Happy eatingFries were a bit on a soggy side and not crispy, so was were the chicken cheesesteak and grilled cheese. But the food was tasty and cheap. The delivery didn't take that long. I'll be ordering from them againDel Rossi's
Ordered On Dec 6 2013 at 11:37 AM
1  Traditional Pizza  $ 11.85
1  Soda  $ 1.85
Subtotal $13.70
Tax $1.18
Delivery Fee $1.00
Tip $1.50
TOTAL $17.38
I order from here a lot. This place has awesome crust. It's very light and crunchy. It also holds up well the next day. They always have fast delivery as well. However, that could be because I live very close by. This place has probably the cheapest pizza that doesn't have a soggy/standard Philadelphia crust.The bae and I ordered this pizza off the late night. I ordered from Grub Hub. However, after the order was submitted, there was a notice saying that the pizza place was no longer taking orders. I called to see if this was an issue with the site and if the pizza was actually being made. The guy who answered the phone stated that he was in fact making the pizza and it would be delivered shortly.Food is good but delivery and customer service is horrible. I live honestly a 2 minute car ride from the store. I ordered delivery 3 times where they said it would be 30-45 minutes. Food came a house and 15 minutes later, cold and soggy. Had to call 3 times to remind them that the still haven't come. The next time i called it took a hour and 45 minutes because they forgot to even make my order. I never got a thing comped or money taken off or anything. I would say you should pick the food up and you'll be ok. Not the best in philly but it works for something to eat.Just picked up, still eating, but Im by a computer so what the hell...
The food is very good and fresh! The Cajun fries are killer, just spicy enough with a great cheese sauce side. Chicken is just as good as Trios, would be better than them if there wasn't one weirdo overcooked one in the batch.
But...
WHY DO YOU BREAD YOUR WINGS? That's what I was ordering for in the first place and Im super bummed now. I need a good wing place in NoLibs and my heart sank when I opened the box to reveal bone-in chicken nuggets. Breaded wings with BBQ sauce on the side...ugh.
Please, please, make some good wings and I will totally up your score! Your staff is SO nice and SO attentive that I'm dying to give you 5 stars. But the wings...The food was absolutely filling, the cheese was melted just right and the meat was juicy. 
But the delivery took way too long. It was over an hour and a half to get to me.I had a really good meal delivered from here for lunch.  The italian sub had higher quality than usual cold cuts, and the roll was delicious.  The chefs salad that came along with it was nothing special, but was within the quality level you'd expect for a salad from a sandwich shop.*updated* upping to two stars because no place deserves a one star when they have an employee like Danielle that seems to care so much. Unfortunately a ruined meal isn't corrected by a $9 credit, but I understand that's the best she could do.
Original review: 
Incorrect order came. Corrected order was also wrong. Guy left us with the wrong pizza for 15 minutes and then took it back so he could delivery to the right place. I wouldn't want that pizza. I also didn't want the calzone I got when I ordered a Stromboli. Just like I didn't want the pizza I got the first round of disappointment. Hoping you all have a better experience.Have ordered cheese steak and pizza from here - fast delivery and all the greasy goodness hits the spot.Some of the Best Burgers I've ever had! Beef & Turkey.. The A1 Burger is my favorite. Good pizza as well..I've noticed a trend in my eating habits each winter. As the temp dips into the freezing zone and all I want to do is sit inside all day and not move until April, I have one distinct craving: hot dogs.
Del Rossi's has become a savior of sorts in that I can have all the hot dogs I want without ever having to leave my apartment (because, ya know, it is so difficult to cook a hot dog myself and all). No, but really: Del Rossi's sells 10" Nathan's hot dogs. With bacon and cheese on them. And they don't skimp on the bacon. Insert many exclamation points and happy faces here.
In addition to their wonderfully delicious hot dog delivery offerings, I have also tried their Italian hoagie (it's okay), their cheesesteak (pretty good), their chicken Italiano with spinach (eh), and their chicken primavera white pizza (not a fan -- meat was too dry and the toppings were so bland).
Delivery has both been speedy and laggy, but the drivers have been friendly and the food has arrived hot. I'll, obviously, be ordering from them again. It's only January after all.I have you guys in Northern Liberties and Cosmi's in South Philly as the best in Philadelphia. That's a serious distance, so you guys can maintain your cease-fire. Keep it up!My Dad lives in the neighborhood so we swing by here when we are in town.
It's not the best cheesesteak or pizza that I have ever had but it's pretty good.
The ppl are friendly and they have a great selection on the menu. Tons of different pizza available by the slice and the prices are what you would expect.
There's a few spots I'd bring an out of towner first but based on convenience and taste I wouldn't feel like this was a disservice for the cheesesteak/pizza experience.The staff is generally not terrible, I'm only referring to the couple ladies up front, all the guys working are miserable grumps. The food is typical off every other crappy pizza joint but the sandwich bread is good. The pizza is mediocre at best and the wings...not so good. I did like this place and have frequented it since it opened but they can never get my order correct, I rarely make any alterations to what's on the menu. I'd say 9 out of 10 times they screw up my order. I'm just shocked that if I order two sandwiches one won't be what I ordered. That's if they make your food. Having a 45min wait for one sandwich is absurd, then to show up and it's still not made. I've given up on this place as have many other people in the neighborhood. It started out strong but has been on a serious decline ever since.These people make an AMAZING buffalo chicken cheese steak. I mean its really fantastic. And their customer service has been stellar in dealing with me. Literally one of the best sandwiches ever and PLEASE get their fries with American Cheese.Love these steaks I always pick up on my way home from the sugarhouse. They're stacked and packed and tasty.Tonight I ordered the Chef Salad and Antipasto Italiano Salad by way of delivery through Yelp's Eat24 app and I am more then impressed with the my results. I was quoted 30-45 mins for my food to arrive and it showed up in precisely 35 minutes. I was stoked because this really happens living in the city. Both salads were gigantic. I could have ordered one and had it been enough for me and my BF to share and still be full. The Antipasto Italiano Salad was jammed packed with provolone, hard salami and prosciutto, olives, artichokes, cucumbers, and more. They even included a side of warm and toasted garlic bread for each salad. I must give credit where credit is due; and Del Rossi's definitely gave a quality and fulfilling meal tonight. I will be ordering these salads again! Kudos!In my first review, I got stuck on my own personal review of what wings should be. I still stand by my stance regarding unbreaded wings, but would like to give Del Rossis the review they deserve when considering their full menu and service.
Del Rossi's could not possibly provide friendlier service. They always seem to know you by name and go out of their way to accommodate you!
I love that they provide cheese fries with cheese as a dip instead of a congealed glop on top...a serious plus! The cheesesteaks are also about half a star above local offerings.
Overall 4.5/5.Don't bother ordering their chicken cutlet sandwiches... it's gross. The bread is so soggy by the time you get it from delivery. They put SO MUCH garlic (not once is garlic mentioned in the description. I ordered fries on the side. They were cold when it was delivered... which is weird because they didn't take a long time to deliver it.Best pizza steak sandwich I ever had!  As my friend said, not greasy!  Super lean.  Big portion, fresh, chopped super fine, fried onions and sauce were perfect!  Get over here! : )Do not order pizza from here. Just don't. Some friends and I ordered from here for the first time, and it's just not good. Under-seasoned, the sauce tastes like it came from a jar.... it's seriously barely worth eating. It sounds like they do good cheesesteaks, so if that's what you're looking for, ordering and delivery were fine. Just don't get their pizza.Unfortunately, the quality has gone way downhill since I first started ordering from here about 2 yrs ago or less. We used to love their cheesesteaks, but the last 2 times we've gotten them, the meat was severely overcooked and very dry. Additionally, they changed the fries! The fries used to be thin and crispy and oh-so-good, now they've switched to some thicker fries that are always soggy and just...sad. The delivery also took a really, really long time the last couple times too - I only live a couple blocks away (I'm talking like, walking distance), so I'm not sure what's going on. I think I'll get my cheesesteaks elsewhere from now on.i have made my office order here everyday this week! enough said!!!First time visiting this place. Well, not so impressed. Ordered a cheesesteak to go and while waiting, I perused the pizza selection. Then started to question my order, like, what was I thinking? Slice pizza's looked tired and unappealing. Well kinda terrible looking actually. Large restaurant with tons of tables, no patrons though. On to my cheesesteak, terrible roll with stale ends, not a lot of steak meat. Overall not a great experience. Come on, this is Philly, home of the cheesesteak and cheesesteak is in your company name. Let's step it up, pretty disappointing, won't be revisiting.Gee I really wanted a nice little late night cheesesteak. But when they came on ohhhh weeee. Dry as all hell. The Eagles just won y'all should be ashamed of yourselves shipping out dry ass cheesesteaks. Two dry cheesesteaks, 2 bags of pretty okay fries though for $40?! Y'all are disrespectful as hell. It's cheaper mom and pop stores doing such a better job. Maybe y'all were tired tonight or something, I don't know but the food wasn't $40 worth you guys are crazy for that one. Then y'all didn't even cut the damn cheesesteak in half. So disrespectful. $40 for two trash cheesesteaks, you guys are definitely on my poop list for this one. Y'all cheesesteaks probably for tourists - and if that's the case I feel bad for the tourists. Dry ass steak, bacon and cheese. HOW THE CHEESE DRY?! How y'all make cheese dry?! The papi store make better cheesesteaks! I'm so hurt this is robberyMeh...not impressed. I give 3 stars since the bread was amazing, and the flavor of my "steak" was not bad either.
However, I ordered a chicken cheesesteak. I was expecting a thin, wafer sliced chicken, maybe chopped up a bit, with onions and cheese.
What I get: diced chicken breast with cheese and onions. I complain, and explain what I expected. A traditional looking cheesesteak. He says they use real chicken. Fair enough, but this looked just like cut up chicken breast. I could have made this at home. I wonder if the cheesesteaks are better? And do they use wafer sliced steak, or just cut up a regular steak??I live just around the corner from this place and it seems to always come in clutch for late nights. They have some of the best chicken tenders I have ever had and the cheesesteaks are not that bad either.For a late night place to order delivery on Grubhub, this place is the best.  I've only had their sandwiches and strombolis which were quite tasty.  I'm looking to branch out to their pizza, but i'm scurred.Given the food snobbery in NoLibs/Fishtown, Del Rossi's is an unpretentious, old school pizzeria that has solid pizza at a pretty reasonable price.  They also give discounts if you are a federal employee.  Pizza has a nice combo of chewiness but crispiness on the crust, so it isn't overly doughy like some other places.  Solid sauce, not overly greasy.  The staff is really nice too.I'm a fan. Square pie with bruchshetta  love it. Kate night delivery is always a good thingGreat place for cheese steaks!  They have lots of other good things on the menu as well.  They have a Tuesday special on pizza.  Definitely check them out!My go to place. I've eaten in, ordered picked up/delivery and I have never been disappointed! I love the small personal pizza!This is my new favorite spot for a cheesesteak. Haven't tried anything else yet, but that wiz wit is bangin!Seriously blah, pizza is average, steaks are below average....just not the best, sucks that it's in a good locationStaff always very nice. The pizza sauce makes this my new favorite. The pan pizza has the right balance of crust.  But my issue is with the cheesesteaks.  They skimp on the meat so you have too much bread and cheese to meat.   I like American cheese and it's the dominant ingredient when it should be the steak.  I really want to like their sandwich because they have fast and friendly service but I will to stick to the pizza.Great service and food!!! I was visiting from NYC and they made my family and I feel very welcomed. I have food allergies and they were very accommodating to make sure I can enjoy my meal and be safe. Cheesesteaks were amazing!! Thanks again. We will visit again when in Philly!Ordered Italian hoagies, veal parm, and pizza for delivery during the Nationals/Phillies game.  Delivery was quick for such a large order; less than an hour.  Pizza was good, the veal parm was very good, but the Italian hoagies were excellent!  Exactly as I would expect from any reputable place on the Eastern seaboard between Boston and the Jersey shore.  The bread was sesame-seeded and fresh.  Meat was sliced the way it's supposed to be: thin, not shaved and not the thickness of a ham steak.  Nicely layered prosciutto, capicola, ham, and sharp provolone.  L,T,O, with oil and vinegar finished it off perfectly.Updated review, regarding their garlic knots only [originally posted on JoPincushion.com]
Del Rossi's does not mention on the menu; I happened to notice them when going in there for an Italian hoagie fix one evening.  The knots, a bit larger than the favored size, also had a bit of a "Jekyll and Hyde" appearance; the bottom was overdone while the top was much lighter.  A nice coating of cheese and dried herbs covered the knots but the only scent that really emanated was that of "bread."  Tasting the knots proved to be more of the same; a great bready flavor but no garlic essence was there.  Texture-wise, Del Rossi's knots were a bit chewy and overdone.  The marinara sauce was decent but wasn't enough to elevate these knots.  If these were just cooked a little more evenly and infused with more garlic then we might have enjoyed them more.Delicious food, wonderful customer service, fast delivery. My office orders from this place nearly every day!Oof filly cheese farts.  I've been stinking up the sanders house since I ate a Massive cheesesteak last night.  It was pretty freaking good too. American cheese and whiz.  The bread is what makes it. Filly is a funny place.  I like itI've only ever ordered delivery and they're really hit or miss. I like their margarita pizza and French fries! Their mozz sticks are average, can't go wrong.Love this place. The staff is always wonderfully nice and quick. Highly recommended!!!Im not going to lie to yall... I didnt get a cheesesteak so this review is a little jaded smh.
I was on my way to a lounge a couple blocks down and was hungry so me and a friend of mine stopped in to get some pizza because they sell by the slice.
Prices were good, location was good and it was a very nice staff, very talkative and made sure you were being helped.
The pizza was also very tasty if I do say so myself.
My only issue was the seating arrangements. We came in late so the sitting area was closed. But they had alot of people in there so I found that weird. But I respect it.
I will be back for more so please visit and tell them CJ sent yawill never order from this place again.  I have ordered from there 3x..first time was great.  Second time they over charged me (on my debit card) when I called and was talking to the girl who was trying to fix it there was a guy behind her yelling into the phone that they were not wrong..ordered again and it took an hour and 35 mins for my food to come after I was told 45 mins...I was being patient and didn't call them until it was an hour and 20 mins the girl was very rude and talked over me     ..when my pizza came it was warm at best and the cheese was so hard my son had to take it off. its a shame because their food is pretty good but I don't have time for the rudeness.I liked their Philly cheesesteak.  Just the right amount of provolone, onion, and deliciousness.  Would come again.Not a great experience.  I placed my order 7:09p via eatstreet, which I was directed to from their website.  That system appeared to work fine, and my estimated delivery time was 7:55-8:10.  Not terrific, but not bad.  I then got a message at 7:55ish that my order was on its way to my place in center city.  At 8:35p I called them to find out where my order was.  They were nice on the phone.  I then got a phone call from a strange number, which I ignored.  I live in a door man building, so usually with deliveries, the person brings the food in and the doorman calls up.  Turns out, the driver had been sitting out front of the building.  I asked him to come in and he seemed reluctant, but finally did.  When I went downstairs, my food was there and the delivery guy pointed to it, said "there it is," and left.  How polite!  I tipped the guy 20% when I placed the order.  (I work in the service industry, I know how important tips are.  I clearly made a mistake in this case.)
I got my food upstairs, and opened it up.  The bottled soda was Luke warm.  The fries were cold.  The burger was good, but cooked well, not the medium i ordered.  (Don't put temperature request options in your order form if it's not possible to meet the expectation.). Then I realized there were no ketchup packets.  All of the delivery places I have ordered from before usually throw a few in.  As I just moved, I had no ketchup in the house.  So, my fries were dry, and overly salted, so not much to enjoy.  I ended up throwing most of them out.  
If there was anything standout in this order, I would try them again; but, this was just a complete mess.  There are hundreds of other places I can order from, so I have no reason to ever order from them again.  Unfortunately, I won't be.  I'm new to this neighborhood and trying new places.  They won't be one of the options I keep.Bones in my chicken cheese steak-! Waste of money and food. Both non edible sandwiches. It's a shame.
Service is horrible here as well.
Save your money. I've got a feeling this place won't be open much longer unless they shape up.I order here quite often and the delivery is almost always here before the anticipated time. Cheesesteaks are one of my favorite in the city and the quality of chicken is great. Chicken Parm pizza is one of my go-tos. Also you can get a fountain drink delivered! :)everything i ordered was wrong.  called to complain and they said they would send a driver with the "correct order".  it's been an hour and still no driver and no refund.  will not order from here againEh it was alright.. The Margherita pizza looked like a normal cheese pizza, when it should be predominantly sauce with areas of melted cheese. Probably would only get a cheese steak from their in the future and get my pizza needs from other places.Good place to drop in for some food before a show at Electric Factory or Lava Lounge (2 blocks away). I got a chili cheese steak. DELICIOUS. Had to subtract one star only because they don't have Heinz ketchup.Ordered from Del Rossi's for home delivery.
Cheesesteak was excellent.  Arrived hot, on time, and well packaged.I've been here twice.  I had a cheesesteak both times.  This review is for those cheesesteaks.
The cheesesteak here, is as good as a cheesesteak can possibly get.  If you order a cheesesteak with sharp provolone, I can only imagine two outcomes - 1.  A forever memory of one of the best steak sandwiches ever to grace your entire lifelong existence, and 2. A strong desire to write perfect 5-star reviews on every reviewing website you can find.Best hot dogs in northern liberties !!!!!!!!Visiting Philadelphia and came here because we wanted to have a "Philly Cheesesteak Sandwich" and saw the yelp reviews. The line was long but it was so worth the wait.I'm from NYC and I've tried take out from this joint 3x so far and it was pretty good.  The large mushroom pizza was quite good and so was the cheese steak.  I always eat my cheese steak with ketchup and this one didn't even need it!  The steak flavor in Philly is definitely different than New York or New Jersey, for sure.  I'm glad I had the chance to try it.  But why don't Philly cut their sandwiches in half???  I don't get it.  It just looks silly for a girl trying to shove that all into my mouth, you know? Gotta remind myself to pack a knife in my purse next time lol.  
The hoagies were amazing.  Ugh, I've been craving a hoagie that looked and tasted like this for ages.  The turkey hoagie was filled with thick fresh sliced turkey and I swear, it was longer than my 20oz coke bottle!  All for $7 and change!! Are you kidding me!  I stuffed myself silly, it was so good!
They also have a huge sitting area in the back.  And the kids that work there were very professional and courteous.  They weren't texting or BSing around....they were all working and on the grill.  Del Rossi's seemed like it was a well oiled machine.  Good for them.  Keep it up!The chili cheesesteak is meh. The bread is decent, but the chili and beef is so-so. The eating area is very cold in the winter.Delivery driver told me I didn't tip him enough. Probably never ordering from here again. Food is good, but I don't need lectures from delivery drivers. Some tip is better than no tip.My company orders this pizza every Thursday & let's just say Thursday is my favorite day of the week. I'm from NJ, home of the pies thanks to the neighboring city of NYC & I have to say Del Rossi's is the one of my top pizza places. 
Pies to die for: Chicken bacon ranch, taco pizza, Chicken parm & meatlovers. 
If you're not in the mood for pizza the cheesesteaks are delectable!!
This place is such a hidden gem!Ordered delivery this evening. We ordered chicken fingers, Cajun fries with cheese, chicken Caesar salad and a Caesar salad. I'll start off with the positives since it's a much shorter list. The chicken fingers were very good. Onto the negatives, it took about 50 minutes to get here. When the delivery driver got here, he presented us with the wrong order. He had to go through all the bags to find ours. Next, the cheese for our fries was complete water. I wish I had taken a picture. Everyone in the house was shocked and disgusted by the consistency - right in the trash. Then the fries were COVERED in old bay seasoning / Cajun spices they were actually making us choke. Finally, one of the salads was missing the grilled chicken, that we had paid extra for. We always order from Del Rossis and its whatever but tonight was a horror story.Totally downgraded to "meh." I've been here about ten times since they've opened 6 months ago, so I speak from continued experience.
The food is fine - not great, but fine. It's not the worst in the neighborhood, but I'm always left a little disappointed. They seem not to take care of the little things - like they don't cut sandwich in half if you get takeout. If you eat in, they don't time your meals to come out together (think: hot sandwiches on table at 6:30 and calzones at 6:45.)
Clean restaurant, generally not busy, good burgers, decent pizza (better than Plaza) but not good cheesesteak, sadly. BF says, "I CANNOT believe that 'cheesesteak' is in their name - shameful."
This happened to me here for the fist time ever - my called-in pizza order not even prepared or in the oven until I arrived to pick it up (I was 5 - 10 minutes late, store was not busy, plenty of staff.) The mistake was not acknowledged - I just had to sit and watch as my pizza was created and cooked while being told, "it's almost done - it's almost ready - just another minute." I would have been totally fine with a simple "oops! we forgot!" - I could have run next door to CVS for milk or something to pass the time - but I was so burned that they made me sit there for 15 minutes that I vowed never to return.
Well, two months passed, my irritation cooled, we got a text ad for $5 pizzas and we decided to give it another go for a cheap takeout dinner. Guess what? SAME THING HAPPENED. When I figured it out, I just sat there, so angry that I couldn't say a word. It was an empty restaurant - was totally awkward to just stare at them - and I couldn't wait to get out of there. I just decided to complain by not giving them more of my money - and by downgrading my yelp review. Take that!
It's a little sad, because we live and work literally around the corner, eat out 5 - 6 days a week, are patient customers and are regulars at other local restaurants. One particular owner has been there for most of my visits and he seems decent, and the staff is pleasant. But there's just so many other choices, and careless service just drives me crazy.Ok so I'm a Philly native and I know me a good cheesesteak and this place has a lot of potential. I was at Penn Medicine and had bad experience at the closest pizza place and decided to give these guys a try. To start off, delivery took forever. I got my food about 90 minutes after odering and 45 mins after being told the person left with my food. Now to the cheesesteak... the cheesesteak was good, the meat and fried onions were delicious. There was not enough cheese on it though. What really hurt the rating was the bread. The bread was tough, not fresh and soft at all. Every bite I had to bite super hard like from the side of my mouth lol. It got to the point I was tearing it with my fingers because it was not working the traditional way. Also, that jawn was shorttttttt. The cheesesteak was maybe 9 or 10 inches, I guess that's why they don't cut the steak in half and opt to leave it whole so you won't tell just how short it is. Any who, I would try them again, they might've just been having a bad roll day.The food is pretty decent, nothing special. But twice they've botched my delivery. How do I say onion rings and you hear mozzarella sticks? Disappointing.Love love love this place! Cheesesteak's & pizza are great! Tonight we tried the calzone it was amazing. People are super friendly and delivery is fast.I called In my order for delivery at 1:51pm and I have not gotten it yet and its been an hour.
AND when I called the number 267-687-8874 it is a personal recording that is on there.I've only been here late-night, but I haven't been thaaaat drunk every time! (Ugh, they're especially good if you are, obviously.) This place makes pretty satisfying cheesesteaks, but the spicy pickles by the condiments here are delicious! 
Also, rumor has it that there is a double layer pizza here... I've yet to inquire, but I'm curious.They are by far the most consistent good pizza in the area. They deliver quickly and I always feel satisfied but the food. Can't say enough about their fries either. Damn good!This was my first visit to this joint and made the long trek from WC and it was defintely worth the trip. Mike, one of the owners, personally made my cheesesteak and it was awesome! Stuffed with meat, cheese and fresh off the grill. Not like Jim`s, Pats or Genos where they cook the steak and it gets cold and loses its flavor. I also indulged in two slices and pizza is tasty and thin crust. A hidden gem and reasonably priced. This restaurant was featured on Mystery diners this week.Love this place. The staff is always wonderfully nice and quick. Highly recommended!!! Best cheesesteaks in town...and trust me, I have tried a lot. The Cajun fries with the cheese sauce are so good I have a hard time stopping. This place is seriously great!Huge menu and great Philly cheesteak.  Choice of several cheeses including Whiz, provolone (the best IMO), american, and pepper jack.  Small place but great portions, good price, and super crew.  Want something else...plenty of hoagies, pizza (by the slice and whole pie).  Plus...hot peppers and bread pickles at the condiment bar.  Good eats.Hot, fresh, fast delivery!  30 minutes!  We ordered a small traditional pizza with Italian sausage, it's very good!  We also ordered a philly style French bread pizza with spinach and black olives, crispy with great whole milk mozzarella.Delivery was over an hour late. When it finally arrived, I received the completely wrong order.Extremely disappointed. We were looking forward to checking out this new place in the neighborhood.  Placed an order for delivery and waited for over an hour before we called to inquire about our status. They had not recorded our order and could not recall me even ordering.  Best of luck, but we will not be attempting to try this place again.I've had issues twice ordering from here. Once they took over an hour an half to deliver the second time was after the broad street run and they took forever to deliver, and then didnt bring all of the items.  The manager was kind enough to resend the entire order in 30 mins, which was appreciated. Food is pretty decent!Noticed the place had opened by the large sign on the side of the building facing Spring Garden behind the CVS and decided to try out and support a local, non gastro pub establishment. I was surprised, given the name, to find much more on the menu then cheesesteaks but went with what they are named for.  Staff was very friendly and nice and service was prompt. In fact they warned us of 10 min work on the soda fountain so we could top off our beverages.  Steaks were on good bread, large and meaty and on par with other purveyors. Complimentary pickles and peppers.  Cheese fries were large enough for two to share. Given the location and time of day they did not have many "by the slice" pizza options on display and what I did see looked old but Philly is not really a by the slice kinda pizza town. Did see them make fresh pies. Good to have another eatery, with a clean and large space, available in the neighborhood with extended hours and menu options. Hope their off the main drag location does not have too big a drag on their business. Keep it up and I definitely will be returning and recommending to friends.Since the first visit we decided to try some other items from their menu, we went for the Italian Hoagie (yumm seeded roll without even asking), the Chicken Cutlet Italiano (delicate and tasty), a Hickory Burger (they actually can make it medium rare!!!!), a Pizza Burger (homemade marinara sauce with oregano 'nuff said) and a large plain Pizza thin, cooked to perfection, great tasting sauce, crust and cheese that blend perfecly withouth a fight to overpower the pie.
This guys know what they are doing, definately a keeper.Pretty good cheesesteak. I like that the roll was toasted. I do wish the onions were mixed in like the cheese and that there was more ketchup.   Not sure why they don't cut the sandwich - it should be. 
The place is clean and you can also eat in.I have been here twice and have had a cheese steak on two separate occasions. I usually order with cheese whiz, tomato & roasted red peppers. The first time I came in it was really quiet and the place was spotless. I enjoyed my cheese steak and warm crispy fries. I thought I had found a nice quiet spot !
The second time I came in the place was packed and swarming. My cheese steak and fries were mediocre. Nothing fresh or special. I couldn't even finish my cheese steak it was so disappointing.
I will try this place another time hopefully the next time it will be more empty and the quality of my cheese steak won't be compromised. I do have to say the inside of this place is very clean and its a nice spot for a quick lunch during a busy day !I had high hopes for this place, but was sadly disappointed. For a "cheesesteak co." i would expect fast service. It took almost 15minutes for them to make the steak.  I asked for a american without and when i said that, the cashier looked at me like i was speaking Greek. i should have turned around and left at that moment.  The roll was decent, but it seems like they may toast it or something, so it was flaky and kind of hard. the steak was average at best and i tried my best to find a drop of cheese and could not find it.  What is even more bizarre is that this is like a restaurant with a server, not like a typical steak shop with tables that you can sit down at without a server. 
They have some nerve charging the price of one of the big boy steak shops for this peter pan, hillbilly, steak. 
in the words of the Prince, this steak is a mistake. Take your 10 bucks, go elsewhere, get a decent steak and a wiz fry and enjoy yourself.I enjoyed the steaks we have ordered from here, but was certainly not wowed. Good for a quick fix with delivery, but go elsewhere if you want an impressive steak. 
They do offer interesting additions to the steaks. Bacon and other toppings, as well as different types of cheeses can be picked out for your sandwich.Came up here from NJ on a recommendation. Boy, were we happy we did!! Pizza was on a delicious thin n crispy crust, topped with mouth-watering melted cheese and savory sauce. Sausage slice did not disappoint...piled high with tons of shaved meat! And the cheesesteaks...to die for! Thinly shaved meat mixed with oniony and cheesy delight!!! Bread was so fresh and chewy, yet crusty. We'll be back to try other items soon.Good food! Easy to find, and friendly staff! Order both steak and chicken on the same sub. Great flavor! A nice ending to a visit to Philadelphia! Thanks for the nice meal!Let me start by saying, I've never had anything from here that wasn't insanely good. Their burgers are the best I've ever had in philadelphia and their chicken parm pizza is great!! It taste just like u are eating a fresh chicken parm sandwich. Also the staff is super nice and make you feel at home. I would highly recommend to anybody looking to grab something great to eat.I want to like this place, I really do.  Cheese steaks are good, Italian hogie is good and the the tomato pie is good.  But sadly that is where it ends.  Normal pizza is sub par, the fries are some of the worst I have ever had.  They must be frozen sysco garbage.  The fries I ordered needed another 5 minutes in the fryer, cold and undercooked.  Step you game up.  Also get some workers that can make 1 hogie in under 5 minutes.Twice in a row they've taken forever to deliver. This time it took two hours. Food is fine but I would suggest ordering way before you're actually hungryI loved the cheesesteak! The quality of the meat was top notch without being greasy and the roll was perfectly toasted.  The staff was friendly enough and the service was quick.  I was somewhat surprised that there wasn't a working bathroom??  Isn't that against health code? and the ambience left something to be desired. I will be back for sure but may opt for take out the next time around. The sharp provolone was terrific.I noticed the smack dab in the middle 3 star rating and I whole heartedly agree.  This isn't the most delicious pizza or pizza shop fare that you will get in the city, but it's certainly not the worst.  It's decent.  That's really all there is to say.  If you're in the mood for an Italian hoagie or a slice, then Del Rossi's will suffice.  You won't be let down or amazed.  But you'll be satisfied.In different font and I believe italic, they say on their menu that their mozzarella sticks are homemade.  If by homemade, they mean fried there, then yes, they are homemade.  
The chicken cheesesteak was not even a little good and had what can only be described as american cheese sauce instead of cheese.  
I was really hopeful but have been very disappointed.Since moving into the city, Del Rossis has been my go to place when I want fast delivery and tasty grub! The menu is massive, from pizzas to cheesesteaks and hoagies to 10 inch Nathan's hotdogs. My go to order is the Chicken Cutlet Romano (broccoli rabe, chicken cutlet, sharp provolone) the spicy Cajun fries and cannoli to top it off. The chicken cutlet is breaded and seasoned just right. Fries are always crispy and plentiful, and the cannoli is a great way to end the meal. I will say I wish the broccoli rabe had a little more garlic, but it's a small detail in a otherwise great food experience.Ordered from Grub Hub last night, not expecting much, but I was pleasantly surprised. Delivery was fast, the food was cheap, and my Chicken Romano sandwich was SO good. Tons of broccoli rabe... they loaded it up. The chicken cutlet was moist and flavorful, and the sharp provolone really added to the sandwich. I'm craving it again already! The bread was great too. I tried a bite of my boyfriend's pizza steak and wasnt impressed, but the chicken romano is worth ordering.This place has 5 star food and good delivery. Very accurate order execution. Then why three stars? Our pizza had a cheese slide. We put it on our table on two trivets but that wasn't adequate. When we opened the box the pizza was mashed against a corner with a good amount of cheese piled up. Oil soaked through and stained our table cloth. It was one we got in Italy. Still really good food.Quick delivery, fabulous food. We order from them several times a month, and while there have been a handful of times we've had problems, they have amazing customer service which is why we keep coming back. Best Italian hoagie around, and the burgers are fabulous.I ordered for delivery through the phone & when it came time for the delivery, it was sent to the wrong address- which is completely no problem, but when the store called me back, a lady was speaking & had rushed the entire conversation, interrupting me, not letting me say my order. Then constantly asking me what my order is while I'm telling it to her... If you weren't interrupting me the whole time, maybe you would have heard my order Miss. & to top it off, i was going to clarify the address because she said it too fast that it sounded incorrect (in attempt to avoid the mistake AGAIN). However, she then said "your order is on its way now bye!", but she said it in the fastest way like i was a waste of time for you to fix your own mistake. & hung up right after with an attitude. To take it out on the customer must be the best solution to this employee. I will never order from here again. Thank you but no thank youHuge side of fries. Good buff chicken cheese steak. No complaints. Definitely will order again.Ive only eaten here once, but I would definitely go back. Its a small shop in nice neighborhood of Northern Liberties. I carried out a personal size pepperoni pizza and I thought it was amazing. It was a little too greasy but still worth it. For a personal sized pizza, I was actually somewhat full. It was recommended by the cashier and I thought the service was good.I love this place, but they need to go back on Uber eats. They launched their own delivery app and it is trash. Food goes to the wrong address, and you have no idea when it's coming. I've never had a bad thing to eat from here, but I'm not using that app again. Please go back on Uber eats!I've been to this place 3 times.  The first time I got an Italian hoagie and a slice.  The second time, I got the Calzone and a Salad, the third time I got a Buffalo Chicken Cheesesteak and a slice.  I've been extremely impressed every time.  Their pizza is, in my opinion, the best around.  Crunchy crust on the bottom, awesome sauce and a great ration of sauce to cheese.  Their hoagies are also very good.  I would say the cold hoagies are better than "The Foodery's" hoagies.
In addition to good food, they've got great service.  Everyone in there is super friendly and it's the kind of place I enjoy spending money in.My favorite thing to get is the Eggplant Sandwich. Every time I walk by there on the way to Rite-Aid I got to resist the urge to stop in and grab one to-go.  Their pizzas look amazing and smell really good.  I have to sit in the back and wait for my sandwich otherwise I'll end up grabbing a pie to go-to as well.