Was once a big fan of the place and love the concept in general.  My most recent visit was unfortunately not great.  Kind of started at the host stand where I could barely get someone to look at me (busy cleaning menus) and when the hostess finally looked up, informed me that she couldn't seat me until my full table was present (at 9pm on a monday night with a total of 15 people in the restaurant and 400 open seats, this seemed a little odd).  When my friend finally arrived, the hostess asked us to wait at the bar while our table was prepared (again, 400 open seats)...... once we were seated, experience was also just ok.  Space is still beautiful, but seemed a little tired (maybe it was just the staff at the tail end of a slow night that made it feel that way).  The food was ok (calamari was a little smaller serving than I remembered and a little dry), beef carpaccio was good, Caesar salad just ok- they were out of the Crab Cake which was really too bad as I was looking forward to it.   We shared the Rib eye and it was well prepared.  Having another server cleaning and moving tables right next to us for a sustained period while we ate was a bit distracting, but not the end of the world (again, my fault for going so late).   They were also out of the corn side dish which I remember being delicious so I was again, disappointed.   I can't help but feel like a place of this level and price gets less leeway when it comes to being properly stocked up, i.e., don't run out of stuff.  Finally, and this is a personal thing- the crowd was not what I remembered.  Again, there weren't many, but the customers there were very sloppy looking and very poorly dressed.  I remember the crowd was at one time, very attractive and very sharp.  Overall, kind of a disappointing experience.Nice all around place for dinner, appetizers and/or drinks.Always a great dining experience! From the food to the atmosphere, we never leave disappointed! Will certainly be back soon.I recently went to Del Frisco's for a special treat night out. I live pretty close to the restaurant, but had never been there. 
The Good:
* It's a beautiful restaurant. Although, we ate in "the vault" which is in the basement and lacked the grandness of the upstairs. If I was to go again, I'd request not to be in the vault. 
* The tables were far enough apart that you could have intimate conversation.
* The food was good. I really thought it would be SHOCKINGLY good... but it was just good. I had an 8oz filet... The other good thing about the food is the sides are family style. So even though your "meal" is just a piece of steak, the sides feed at least two.
* I had a champagne cocktail which was AWESOME.
The Bad:
* The service wasn't great. From the coat check lady not being in the coat check room, the hostess asking my name THREE times (we had a reservation), and finally our server... I just have a higher expectation of service at such an expensive place. Our server was nice enough, but didn't really talk to us, and stood chatting with another server for at least 5 minutes holding my friend's glass of wine before she brought it over. (We were already eating.)
* On our way out, we both commented on how um, mature everyone was. It's certainly not a trendy crowd... maybe rich middle-aged rittenhouse people? 
* For two people, who both got small steaks, two sides and two drinks our meal was $140 without tip. If it was AWESOME, I wouldn't have blinked... but I remain underwhelmed.
If anything, I'd probably go back for a casual happy hour type thing, but I don't think I'll be having another meal here.Great food and a great space.
Food:
I went here during restaurant week with friends and got the Fillet.  It was cooked perfectly and was juicy.  I couldn't ask for anything more.  The bar area is pretty spacious and good for a quick drink while waiting for a table.
Service:
Friendly and knowledgeable.  
Ambiance:
The restaurant is in what used to be a bank.  It's really beautiful.  They have an old vault that you can eat in.  I thought that that was interesting.I have to start off by saying the VIP is to die for!  Portions here are so large that it was overwhelming for me (but I'm not a big eater).  I tend to choose apps over entrees for my meal and the apps here are amazing.  The Tuna tare tare was out of this world and I'm a sucker for a great salad (I know, so boring).  The filet was one of the best I ever tasted and the lobster mac and cheese, which was so rich and filling, was wonderful.  I could only taste a bite or two because it was just so rich.  
The service was just okay--not sure if we were there on a bad night or if that is the standard but we definitely where left waiting for a long period of time to order drinks, receive our check and have our food packed to go.  Not a big deal because I don't like to rush a nice dinner but I do like to enjoy a cocktail while I wait.Some of the best steak I have ever had. This place is huge and very classy. Perfect for a special date night. Also has a more casual bar scene to watch the game. You are going to pay here, but the experience is worth it. Dinner in the basement vault is the sexiest thing to do here.Overall great experience and love at first sight, great ambience and decor! Filet steak and bone in steak is made to perfection and price is expensive but for the quality of food that was served it was good, vip cocktail was really good, house salad was delish with avocado ranch dressing with three thick pieces of bacon, and lastly lobster mac and cheese is a must when you go here! Will definitely come back for more!This place is awesome! Everything is good. The atmosphere is awesome. Service is always great. My go to place in Philly. I enjoy eating downstairs near the old bank vaults, sitting at the bar chatting with the bartenders and sitting upstairs overlooking the main dinning floor. My fav restaurant in the city, hands down.I don't think I have ever experience worse service at a white-tablecloth restaurant before.
I arrived at about 5:40pm on Thursday. The waitress came right over and took my order, a cocktail and a hamburger (I was with a group of people for happy hour).  The cocktail came right away.  An hour later, i was still waiting for the hamburger.  The sad thing is, in that time, 3 other people joined my table (at least 30 minutes after I arrived) and ordered food.  The *same* waitress took their order and delivered their food well before mine (two of them ordering the hamburger), without giving it a second though.  When I inquired where my food was, first I was told "it is coming off the grill", then about 10 minutes later I was told, "it just went on the grill".  When my food finally arrived, it was cold and raw.  The waitress, for some reason, didn't comprehend that I had been waiting for an hour and only offered half-hearted apologies.  To add insult to injury, I was charged for the cold and raw hamburger that was served an hour later.  My table's bill was well over $300.
To make matters worse, when a friend and me when to get our coats from the coat check room, it took them 20 minutes to find our coats (we had both been given claim check tickets with numbers on them).  The coat check people were able to find other people's coats who came 15 minutes after us, even after the coat check people asked us numerous times to describe our coats (mind you, my friend is 6'4").  After 20 minutes, we were invited into the coat check room to find our own coats!!  As soon as I walked in, my coat was staring me in the face, not 2 feet away.  My 6'4" friend found his right away.
I am embarrassed to say that I have recommended Del Frisco's to others.  Unless the management cleans house, I will never go there ever again.  I could have gone across the street and got a hamburger from Wendy's that tasted better, cost less, and took 55 minutes less time to make.From the staff to the building and decor and, of course, the food, Del Frisco's does not disappoint.  Our waiter and the management team made us feel so special and spoiled.  We enjoyed such a great evening here! The Sangiovese was so smooth and easy.  Blue cheese lettuce wedge is the best blue cheese I've ever had.  The steaks are always on point - try the bone in filet, you cannot imagine the flavor that cut adds.  Lastly - the lemon cake. I've seen a lot of reviews with notes on dessert but none for this Jewell!  The lemon cake is so moist and sweet and the slice is huge - get it to go and you will not regret it! 
Del Frisco's is a beautiful restaurant where they clearly strive to offer an amazing experience to all of their guests.This place is absolutely amazing!!! My wife  and  I love the food, service, and ambiance. Their steaks have a pepper flavor to them, so if you like pepper, this is the place to try. The bone in filet just melts in your mouth!  We always come here on Christmas Eve and are never disappointed!!Great atmosphere, great food and great service! What more can you ask for??  Had the prime rib-bye and it was cooked to perfection, no addition sauce or seasoning  needed. Also had the 16oz lobster tail that was grilled. It was kinda tough, definitely not worth $96! 
Overall, everything was great! Will return again soon.Really busy Monday night for Restaurant Week 2, but short wait since we were late for an 8PM reservation. We were seated on the upper level in a nice secluded booth facing the tables by the railing and the huge wine cabinet in the middle of the floor. Really appreciated the seating since I am tired of sitting way too close to other patrons. 
Very friendly server came by to ask us about our water, inform us of cocktails we would be interested in (really liked the fruity VIP) and to take our order. He was really great at selling items off the menu and very personable. I got the Restaurant Week menu "soup of the day" asparagus bisque which was really tasty. The wait for our steaks was fairly long but we had our bread to munch on. I ordered the 8oz filet mignon which was PERFECT and my guy had the 24oz prime porterhouse. The runner informed us that the plates were VERY HOT so the first thing I do when they place the plate down was accidentally brush my hand and DAMN that plate was hot! The lobster mac and cheese was a must and I wasn't disappointed. I also enjoyed the mashed potatoes that came with my steak. They also check to make sure the steak is cooked to your liking when they bring it to you (they ask you to cut the steak and they shine a flashlight so you can closely inspect the redness). Shared the apple crumb cake which was really good. 
Service was great. Hostesses were nice and friendly, really great server and they constantly checked our water and cleared our plates. The atmosphere was a little disappointing. It seemed very bright when I was expecting something darker like Zahav or Prime Rib. Didn't feel as upscale as I expected. Lots of people were dressed down which wasn't such a bad thing but kind of made me feel like I overdressed. It was more of a "fun" atmosphere. Really liked the intricate work on the ceiling. The layout is pretty nice, too.Let me start by saying I'm not a connoisseur of steak.  I have however eaten some of the best, usually enjoying them immensely.  The steak at Del Frisco's was right up there, the bone-in ribeye cooked to perfection evenly throughout, juicy and flavorful.  The star of this show though is the building that this restaurant occupies.  The grandeur of this former bank, richly detailed two stories plus the vault below, has been carefully restored and enhanced by the crazy winding staircase wine cellar. This ambiance with its grandiose bar and flowing drapes make it almost worth the price of admission, which is of course quite stiff. Let's be honest - most of the people here are on their business expense tab (as was I), or trying to impress for some other reason.
Lobster mac and cheese was thick, not overcooked, rich with cream and ample lobster chunks.  Other sides were almost equally good, though everything seemed to have bacon on it.
Service was attentive, friendly and very thorough, even while the staff seemed almost as pretentious as the patrons.  Our server helped with selections, followed up, even distributed side dishes for us.
Only downside was, surprisingly, the martini.  Ordered it up with bleu cheese olives and when I tasted it, it was like sea water in my mouth.  It was so salty as to be undrinkable, a real shame for a $15 martini.  Might have been their olives but please someone correct this immediately.  This to me is most important complement to a steak dinner.A great place for a business lunch. The place is really nice, in a 1950's manly kinda way. The food is pretty good. The best thing is definitely the lemon cake, seriously, I could eat a whole pie of it. The chocolate mousse was really bitter though. The bread pudding and creme brulee were just standard. Overall this is a nice and safe choice for business lunching. The only thing that seems a bit out of place is the waitresses uniforms...tight black shirts, shorts and stockings...it does throw the vibe off a bit...but I'm sure the core audience does not mind! Also, our waitress was super friendly and nice, actually one of the best waitresses I've had in the city (sorry, can't recall the name =() She was friendly and easy going but not in a fake or awkward way. A+ for that!Both the service and food were wonderful.
I ordered a bottle of red wine, the wedge salad with extra, extra bacon and the filet mignon with potatoes.
The steak was super tender and the flavor was great. Lemon cake and cappuccino to finish the night.
Come here if you really want to impress someone special. Fancy spot!Saturday 7:30pm reservation. Seated promptly at upper level booth.  Service was great from bread to wine to dinner. By far better than the other steakhouses a few blocks away. Sorry S. Starr, they Butchered you.  Attentive without being intrusive and each course was timely and well executed.  Definitely a repeat customer.Del Frisco's is the perfect place for a date night. The restaurant is absolutely amazing with high ceilings and a wine vault. The filet mignon is really juicy and prepared just right. My favorite dish on the menu is the lobster macaroni and cheese. It is to die for! We are always craving this dish and Del Frisco's is the place to go for it. The only reason I am giving 4 stars instead of 5 is because the service is not like the service you should expect from a five star restaurant. The waiter was very casual and forgot about our orders twice. He didn't really seem to have urgency with his attention to us. Most importantly, we were waiting a long time to order our drinks and food. We had to ask to get the bread after 15 minutes because it wasn't arriving. He also forgot to put in our appetizers so we just received the entree altogether. This made me a little upset given the fact that you are typically spending $120-200 on food and drinks and would hope that they have the right servers to provide excellent service. This is what sets apart a good restaurant from the rest.it was the second time I was there, and it exceeded my expectations.  The staff is so nice and answers all your questions.  The steaks are the best I have had ever before.  The servers are very attentive.  I will be back.  I sat at the bar, and the bartender was able to make me an awesome drink.  The atmosphere is incredible and I feel like I am at the cathedral.  Amazing!!THE CHAMP IS HERE (Steak Champ, that is)!!!
This place serves the best steak I've ever eaten.  This place beats out some very good chains in my opinion (Ruth's Chris, Chicago).  I normally woof down my food like there's a possibility it might grow legs and run off my plate.  Not here.  Here you savor every bite.  Don't be that guy or gal that goes to a killer steak house and orders chicken or seafood here.  You will regret it.
But enough about the steak because there's more.  The service and experience of eating in this place, at least at the Philadelphia location is superb.
The location in Philly is built in an old, ornate bank with tall, fancy pillars.  You get the feeling that the cast of Mad Men might celebrate new business deals here or the Wolf of Wall Street might snort cocaine off a prostitute's under carriage in the bathroom here... You know, real classy.
Also had the King Crab Gnocchi as one of the side dishes.  It was incredible, but I saw lots of other trying the Lobster Mac-n-Cheese and I sorta wish I would of grabbed that instead.So good!!!  We were a party of 8. The service was great. The steaks were all cooked perfectly and the sides were wonderful. ( Lobster mac and cheese was awesome !) Didn't care too much for the creme brûlée.  I would not recommend the lobster bisque soup. It tasted like curry and was spicy.This is my favorite steak place by far! The service was excellent, food was delicious and the atmosphere was enchanting. My uncle took me here a couple of months back and it was truly an amazing eating experience. The history itself is intriguing. Since it is so huge I took a walk around the whole place. The spiral wine case in the middle of it all is my favorite and memorizing to say the least. I kind of felt like a big shot eating here. I've heard that all the famous people come here to eat. I felt like I was in an old gangster movie, you know when all the gangsters take their women to that one fancy place everyone talks and knows about. Lol, I'm rambling now but seriously it is so nice. Even the bathrooms are super fancy! Candy and perfume and lotions out the wazoo. Propose to your future wife here, for real.Wonderful ambiance.
Really overpriced though.  I realize it is in downtown Philly and its an upscale restaurant, but even by those standars it's expensive.  Steaks can be upwards of $120 and lobster is in the $80-$120 range.
The food is good, but its not Le Bec Fin.  The staff is attentive, knowledgeable and friendly.  You are swarmed with staff at your table, tending to your needs.
The bar in the center of the dining room is remarkable and features a wine collection that extends about 30 feet in the air.
I didn't think of it as a "dessert place", but the cheesecake is the best I have ever had.  It was so smooth and creamy that it was more the consistency of a mousse than a cheesecake.  Unbelievable.I am an occasional visitor to the restaurant. My friend and I sat at the bar and ordered burgers. I also ordered a wedge salad. I asked for no tomatoes on both and when the salad arrived there were tomatoes in it. Before I finished eating the salad the burgers arrived and mine had a tomato. In addition, the bun was stale and would break apart when you held it. The bar tender never asked if everything was to our liking.  I was surprised by the level of service and quality of food for this type of restaurant.Really nice atmosphere, beautiful building, and great service. The fried calamari and 8oz steaks were amazing. One of the best steaks I've had. Even the strawberry cheesecake was super good. The Russian standard mules were on the strong side too.This restaurant is very well executed. All of the staff are well trained and professional. The food is well done, and the atmosphere is incredible. The interior decor of this restaurant is the best of any restaurant I have ever been to. 
The only reason this review is 4 stars and not 5 is because they messed one thing up and it is their most important piece on which they pride themselves. The filet mignon that I ordered medium rare was rather undercooked and not prepared to my liking. The seasoning was tasty but it was not prepared properly. I was underwhelmed with the steak as it costs an exorbitant amount of money and it was not even that tasty. 
However, everything else I had was phenomenal. I enjoyed the lobster and the side dishes were all unique and had a great taste and quenched my hunger. The service was excellent and I think it was all well executed except somebody has to teach the people in the back (who work at a steakhouse) how to prepare their meats. 
It's also worth noting that if you aren't prepared to drop over $100 per person then don't come here.As a couple with a young child, date nights are far and few in between. With that being said, we want to make sure we pick the right place so our night-out is most enjoyable. Our experience was just that and more last night. We started at the bar for a round of hand crafted cocktails, the sidecar and maple manhattan were excellent.  Our bartender Danielle was friendly and greeted us right away. Then we headed to our table for thee very best dinner we have ever had! We ordered the lamb chops and the filet medallions which were perfectly cooked! The real shining star of the night, however, was our server Darell G. He was very professional but also so personable that he immediately felt like family to us. Even if the food was not as good, we would still come back just for Darell. Lucky for us, it was a win-win all around. We can't wait to return!!Amazing food and service! Had one of the best steaks I've ever had. It is pricey but worth it for a special occasion.When everything is done to its perfection, that is what Del Frisco's is.  Price is a bit on the high end but justifiable based on the quality of foods, drinks and services, so come in with a deep pocket.One of my favorite date-night steakhouse spot in Philly! Ambiance is so great also.A good steakhouse.  The usual exhorbitant prices, but at least the food is pretty good. Not great but pretty good. The soups are quite nice and are hardy/flavorfull. The steaks are B to B+, the sides decent. Order a Coke and you get your own bottle. A 6 oz bottle, It's smaller than the Steak Knife. Service was very good but I didn't like the over attention. Waitstaff kept picking up plates and pouring water to the point of distraction from a good conversation. Less is more.
go for luch. there are much better places for steak without crossing a street.great space, great service, great steaks.  period.  It's not cheap, in fact, it's stupid-expensive.  Highly recommendThe atmosphere here and food is amazing. Their tomahawk wagu steak is out of this world! Definitely one of my favorite places to eat in the city!I took a friend to Del Frisco's on Monday, December 23 for a special occasion.  I'd never been here before, but heard it talked up from several people. The front of house staff was excellent. As soon as we were seated, things became disappointing. 
Our server seemed disinterested in why were there. After being seated for about 20 minutes we had to ask another server to please bring us some bread. Never had to ask for bread in a place similar to Del Frisco's before, that was weird.
There were other weird, inconsistent things like how our tablecloth had holes and shreds in it. That may sound critical, but it's about the nuances and little things that make restaurants truly great and places you want to return.
The filet, potatoes and mushrooms I had were not remarkable or memorable. Based on reading other reviews it appears our experience is not the norm, so maybe it was just an off night.Went during the restaurant week. Only good part of dinner was the the "VIP" martini, otherwise food was subpar. 
Steaks were over salted heavily and not done to temperature which was requested.
I am not sure if it was because of late dinner and during restaurant week, however a standard should never change even when you serve a thousand customer.Yes, quite a change from my experience earlier in the week.  But this visit brought to light negative aspects that I didn't notice the first time around.
Being the last Friday of Restaurant Week, I was sure to make reservations.  We arrived there 5 minutes early for 9:30PM reservations and checked in with the hostess. One person was parking, so they said they'd seat us when everyone arrived.  The group's chauffer arrived at 9:35.  What time were we seated?  10:15PM.  What was their reason?  "It's Friday night... restaurant week... we're overbooked."  Not acceptable.  As I stood their waiting (for FORTY-FIVE minutes), I wondered if they did the same thing last time; there just happened to be an open table when we arrived, not that they had a table reserved.  What's the point of making reservations if we have to wait for 45 minutes?
Finally seated, the same lobster bisque was still broth-y, though not as black-peppery.  One person got the salad with dressing on the side, allowing us to see that the greens were wilting.  Last time, the greens were well-coated with dressing.
The service was alright, but nothing more than I'd get from an Applebees.
I now feel stupid for suggesting Del Friscos and for waiting 45 minutes for our reservation.  And then we're expected to pay $$$$ for the service?  Never going back.Really disappointing. In town and thought I would try this place because a location is opening in my hometown. I ordered the lobster mac and cheese and filet. The m/c noodles weren't cooked at all and there was no lobster. I'm not saying that exaggerating either - there was no lobster. My filet was Ok but far from worth the price or reputation of del friscos. I tried to tell my bartender but she just ignored me and talked about what she plans to do after college to some other patron the whole time. Don't recommend coming here.Unfortunately, we only stopped in for a drink because we were on our way back from the Phillies game. We weren't dress appropriately for dinner but do I wish we were!
The atmosphere is priceless. It's in a 1900s bank. Downstairs there is a room inside the actual vault. Talk about amazing to see!
My boyfriend's father oversaw the renovation so he was able to fill us in with all the incredible details of the historic building. I only gave this place a 4 star because I didn't eat there. I have eaten at other Del Friscos and have throughly enjoyed it.Worst experience. We had a 9:30 reservation. Didn't get seated until 10:15. The hostess was rude (the blonde tall one)   They sat us in the corner by the door. I was cold the whole time. Our food came out 1 1/2 hours later and the sides was cold. This similar situation happens to me the last time I was here in May. Go to Ruth chris or butcher and singer instead !!!This place is very fancy. PLUS the hostess wear the shortest skirt I've ever seen for a fancy restaurant...My guess is that this joint turns into some type of burlesque show after midnight or what not OR Chris Rock was wrong and there is "sex in the champagne" room.
I came here for a business dinner (as you may or may not know, I rarely would go to a steakhouse on my own accord) 2-3wks ago.
Someone told me this building use to be a bank...is that so? Well I really like the decor inside. I was downstairs (imagine going down the steps of those big banks)...I really didn't get a good view of the main floor but it looked dimmed...the ideal spot for shady politicians to make shady deals and have silly affairs with hostesses/waitstaff in short short black shorts that they have no business wearing in the dead of winter BUT I digress.
So I made my way downstairs...first of all the girl who was escorting me there was blond and in decent shape, cute in the face too..there was another chick there who looked just like her...i can def see someone putting a "two for one" bid on them two.....ahem..so downstairs i was led into the VAULT...
Aw ma gawd, whose idea was this? I loved it. I felt soo "exclusive". maybe it's because my broke has never owned anything that belonged in a vault hence had no reason to ever been in or see a real life bank vault...the door was gigantic..i loved it.
When I grow up, I'm going myself bedroom a gigantic vault.
The bread I was served was awwwwesome, but I was starving and shoelaces would have tasted equally good. 
We had limited selection from the menu but I went with the filet Mignon and it's funny because I wanted it well done and somehow it came out BURNT. I mean BURNT..like crispy...like wesley snipes after spending 4hrs in the hot sun BURNT...there were pieces I couldn't eat cause it was charred and tasted burnt. I was upset...more at myself for not going with the salmon.
Sides were broccoli and mashed potatoes. 
There must a potato famine in philly because they placed a huge tub of broccoli  in the center of the table and left it there for self-serve BUT they walked around with the mashed potatoes serving it on each individual's plate and walking away with the bowl. Like "helllooo...why are you walking away with the rest?" They were lucky I'm a HUGE fan of broccoli.
Dessert was delicious...sweet bread pudding...with delicious syrup. I was soo stuffed it was ridiculous, plus I had like 3 glasses of wine. 
Best part was that my experience was freeeeeeeeee :)
Will I go back? not sure. I still prefer capital grille actually.
But if any shady politician is reading this and wants to take my ass to dinner...holla at me playa playahhh!I enjoy coming here and sitting at the bar. I usually never had a hard time getting a table, the staff are friendly and quick. The drinks are great and I love the interior of this building. The massive red curtains that drapes over the walls and columns are just exquisite. I wish I could get a tour of that towering wine cellar that is one of a kind. 
I've ordered a lot of items here except for steaks, mainly because I'm usually not in a steak mood when I come here. I've enjoyed the salad, lobsters mac n' cheese and other items from the menu. I haven't had a bad experience and I hope to never will because there are a lot of top notch steak house competition in Philadelphia.The service here was awful. I didn't expect much since it was restaurant week but holy ****. It took 20 minutes for the bartender to take my beverage order. Then she set me up for food which I had not ordered.  That being said, I had finished my glass of wine before I got my first course and wasn't offered another beverage until I was done my second course. The steak I ordered medium came out rare, like, very rare... but I didn't want to waste my time asking them to cook it to temperature. I ate the outside and nothing else. The cheesecake? You can buy better at ACME. All around atrocious, the bartenders were clearly fighting about some credit card situation for the entirety of my meal. Don't waste your money. Even if it's restaurant week.Yes, dining at Del Frisco's is a dining experience. Two of our party of five arrived early on Valentines Day evening and were immediately greeted by not one, not two, but three drop-dead GORGEOUS hostesses! We explained that we were early for our reservation so we were offered the choice of three bars where we could have a cocktail. One of the very pleasant hostesses informed that she would direct the others in our party to us when they arrived. We then made our way to the main bar located in one of the most handsome, over-the-top spaces we had ever experienced. Juan, the bartender readily welcomed us and took our drink orders. They promptly arrived and were prepared to perfection. Soon, the hostess brought the others to our location where they ordered drinks from Juan. When we were ready to be seated we were guided to our table and introduced to Michael (?), our server. We found him to be professional yet friendly, efficient, and readily available when we needed him. He explained that, in addition to the regular menu, we could also order off of the Valentine's Day menu. We all chose the latter because the selection was more than adequate. The crusted sea bass was moist, flavorful, and well prepared. The filet's were the best ever, bursting with flavor, tender, and done just as requested. The bone-in rib eye was extraordinary in it's robust flavor, tenderness, and juicyness. The sides of creamed spinach and asparagus were pretty standard steak house fare, yet the potatoes au gratin were especially toothsome. All of the crew that we interacted with were most pleasant and helpful. It was apparent that they were proud of their establishment and wanted their customers to have the best possible experience. It worked for us!I had my first experience at this location for Restaurant Week in 2010. Although not a part of the RW menu, I had the appetizer crab cake and it has been a staple in my dining experience since.
Over the past few months I have become a weekly regular and my next favorite non-steak menu item is definitely the Lobster Mac 'n' Cheese. They have an excellent Happy Hour on Sunday's, and the VIP cocktail is dangerously addictive! I have always receievd excellent service, of all of the employees Lousia at the bar and Andre from the floor staff create the most exceptional experience. I even recieved a $25 dining room credit on a receipt from the bar last week, which is activated after taking a quick survey. You really can't beat the ambiance anywhere in the area. But most importantly, ever cut of steak I have ordered has come out perfectly. This location truly has everything you could ask for in a fine dining experience.Mesmerizing experience. The atmosphere and vibe is grandeur. The best stake I ever had so far. The place used to be Philadelphia Bank before, they turned into a Steakhouse. Awesome service awesome food.Best lobster mac and cheese in the city..bread is amazing..everything I've ever had has been top notch. You're getting what you pay for though..get someone to take you. It's gorgeous in there too so it is a great date place.My wife and I were able to get out of the house for the first time since our newborn and we decided to visit Del Friscos over the weekend, and could not have been more disappointed. While we enjoyed the appetizers we were disappointed with the Lobster Bisque. It was seasoned with so much pepper that we couldn't eat it, which is an odd thing to say about a bisque. Luckily our server noticed how much we were displeased with the soup and on his own removed it from our check. Next came the main meal, which was a steak with mashed potatoes on the side. Once again, the potatoes were so over seasoned with pepper they could not be eaten. The steak was mediocre and seemed like the internal temp of the meat was different depending on where you cut it, ranging from mid rare, blue rare, to raw as you came close to the bone. Once again our server noticed that the potatoes went untouched and removed from the check without us saying anything. Finally came dessert for my wife, she could only eat the inside of the cake she ordered as there was some weird crust on the outside. When we spoke to the manager we were made to feel like its due to our taste, as she laughed and noted "That's what we are known for". We go to steak houses very often and I have never had an experience like this. With all of the good places around, I would suggest skipping Del Friscos.I was traveling for work yeterday and decided to give this place a try (i had heard great things from friends.
The place is huge! Has several floors. It uses to be a bank before, you can even see the old vault! Not only qas the decoration great, but i was incredibly impresses with the food and wine selecion (they had a three story wine room, the list was endless!). We ordered the del friscos reserve (a cab from a small winery in sonoma, quite bold). For dinner, i ordered an 8oz portion of fillet mignon medium rare (it wascooke to perfection, juicy and red in the middle). The side dishes were insanely good as well: creamed spinach (very creamy, bacon and garlic gave it an addicting flavor), asparragus, lobster mac and cheese (to die for! Great flavor of lobser and a creamy, strong flavores cheese).
Aside from the wine, they had good drinks (i had the vip martini, which had pineapple and vodka).
Im so happy they also have this restaurant in dallas and houston, cant wait to go again!It's all love in there. Had an incredible meal with my boyfriend - he lives in Philly, and frequents Del Frisco's with his buddies (frisky's as he lovingly refers to it), and has a foolproof method of ordering. I have to say, he's on the money. He and his pops are steak connoisseur Go with his recipe for ordering, and I guarantee you will have a stellar experience...(we shared everything I'm about to list, including the steak, and it was MORE than enough...I felt that steak holding on to me for days)
CRAB CAKE APPETIZER. Just do it. In a sauce that I just wanted to drink. 
BONE IN RIBEYE, MEDIUM RARE. A steak I will dream about, forever. The filet mignon or some other cut may sound tempting, but that bone gives this steak flavor like you've never had before. The steak was perfectly crispy on the outside, and juicy and tender in the middle. 
LOBSTER MAC. Crack. Just so addicting. My little fork kept spooning more onto my plate, until I finally gave up and just ate straight out of the dish. I was overpowered, and just could not stop shoveling. 
If this isn't enough food for you, than you're my hero. We also got the spinach (at my suggestion), which was entirely not worth it. I wanted a vegetable so I could feel semi-good about myself, but it turned out to be creamed with bacon. Not the best. 
Plan to workout the next day.Average steakhouse.
Went here for restaurant week lunch and ended up going with the regular "executive menu" instead. I can say that the reviews that I read up leading to my first visit here were over hyped. 
Upon entering the restaurant, the hostess was very friendly and seated us by a table next to an enormous pillar. Though the seating was in nice view of the televisions by the bar, I still felt cramped for even though there were not many people around us. Perhaps it was due to an increased number of tables for restaurant week, but there was something to be desired in terms of space.
Although we originally intended to select options from the restaurant week menu, my friend and I instead chose the executive lunch menu which was ten dollars more but offered a much better value (primarily the filet mignon). When the food finally came, the caesar salad was ok, but nothing spectacular. I have a feeling the croutons were the same ones from the bread we were served a few moments earlier just hardened. The filet mignon was cooked to the right temperature, but definitely not the best steak I've had in Philly. The dessert was surprisingly better than the filet mignon and the strawberry cheesecake was better than recent cheesecakes from memory.
Overall, the best part of the dining experience was the interior decor and I feel that most of the prices on the menu reflect this to some extent. 
Pros: amazing interior design, friendly service, great place for a romantic date
Cons: overpriced for the hype, definitely not the best steakhouse in PhillyThey know how to take the reservation .. but apparently can't figure out what to do with the reservation!!  Seems to be an issue here. .. you call, email, text, submit your reservation weeks in advance and when you get there you're still stuck standing around waiting for 10-15 minutes and get attitude from the hostess station.  No apologies, no explanations, nothing.  You find out that the paperwork you submitted for a group setting really makes no difference.  They still can't bring the proper menu or figure out what they are doing.  With all of the steak houses and other restaurants in Philly, we'll be having our holiday luncheon elsewhere from now one.  Fool me once ... shame on you .. fool me twice and I'm an idiot for even thinking this place is worth trying again.  I've been there half a dozen times and can honestly say, no more.This place is beautiful and the ambiance very nice for a steakhouse. Arrived with a reservation, which is recommended because this place is busy. Red tablecloths and nice red leather seats are comfortable.  The service is good as you would expect.
Ordered signature drink the VIP and no kidding the best drink I have ever had!  I would come back just for the bar!
Bread is okay, whole loaf with butter. This review is for restaurant week menu. We had the soup of the day which was chicken noodle, small cup. The salad was good but obvious the portions smaller for restaurant week. For entrees we had salmon and fillet medallion s but the sauce was overpowering. Next time I would order it without.
For dessert cheesecake with pecan crust really delish, the chocolate mousse meh? $100 for 2 with drinks. But pricey but real nice place, will return.My cousins and I went here for restaurant week 2018. We arrived 15 mins early but were seated within a couple minutes. Our waiter was not friendly or welcoming. Instead, she made us feel uncomfortable to the point where we wanted to leave. We didn't expect much since it was restaurant week and everything was busy, but it shouldn't have been that bad of an experience for us. I got the Caesar salad, filet mignon, and chocolate mousse dessert. The food was mediocre. I wouldn't go back here especially if it wasn't restaurant week.We had dinner at Del Frisco's over the weekend and the service was good.  My date ordered the bone-in ribeye, which came out great. And I ordered the porterhouse, which had a lot of black pepper favoring on it. I will order the ribeye next time.
Overall, the dinner was great.Boy oh boy! What meal!!!
    Ok so I went to Del Friscoes today hoping to take advantage of Restaurant week. We entered, and were greeted by the host staff who were a tad bit snobbish, but very professional looking. After a hostess went back and forth with someone on the phone regarding seating us at table 97, we were finally led to the table. This restaurant is HUGE! And BEAUTIFUL! The bar was one of the best fully stocked bars I had ever seen in my life! There appeared to be three floors with beautiful red curtains and a few potted palm plants all over. It kind of reminds you of an ancient Roman palace :-). 
     Our server (Lorne? Lauren?) was delightful. She drew our attention to the menu as well as a few items that were not on the menu such as the Bone-in Filet, the Filet Trio (3 Filet Medallions each with diff toppings) and the Kansas City Strip Steak. By the time she finished describing the menu selections, my friend and I said the hell with Restaurant Week, and ordered off of the regular menu. Our server did a great job with her recommendations, even going as far as saying that if we didn't care for an item she suggested, she'd replace it with something else we might like. That was a great touch:-). 
     I ordered the Pomegranate Martini, Crab Cake, 12 oz Filet and Cheescake w/ Strawberry Sauce. My guest ordered the Shrimp Cocktail and the Kansas Strip. We both shared the Lobster Mac and Potatoes Au Gratin (which they served us family style). 
Pomegranate Martini- DELICIOUS! Perfect Blend of sweet and sour, deliciously garnished with a blackberry.
 Crab Cake- DELICIOUS! Accompanied by a Spicy Cajun Tartar Sauce (which actually wasn't all that spicy but that worked for me)
Shrimp Cocktail- Good- shrimp were huge, however the cocktail sauce was already poured over the shrimp as opposed to being on the side. Definitely added to the plate presentation, but I would have preferred for it to be on the side. 
12oz Filet- DELICIOUS! Great size and cooked the way I asked (medium) Needed jus a tad bit more flavor....
Kansas Strip- NEVER HAD A STRIP LIKE THAT IN MY LIFE! My friend ordered medium well, but it definitely was more on the medium well side. I tasted it and really enjoyed it I don't know what seasonings they used on that steak but I yearned for them to do the same for my filet lol! Although my friend wasn't 100% thrilled with the temp of the steak, by the time he was done, only the bone was left on the plate!
Potatoes Au Gratin- Great! I jus wished that the potatoes were sliced smaller but I enjoyed them never the less. 
Lobster Mac - Good to me/ Great to my guest. The Mac was good, however I'm all Lobster/ Seafood Mac'd out lol. I've eaten too much of it from other restaurants and no longer care for it. I will say that the huge chunks of lobster are prevalent throughout the entire dish.
Cheesecake- LETS JUST SAY THAT IF HEAVEN COULD BE A SLICE OF ANYTHING- THEN IT WOULDA BEEN THIS CHEESECAKE!!! Oh man it was soooo good! It was light and airy as opposed to the overly rich n firm texture of other restaurants. The crust wasn't your typical graham cracker crust, instead it was made of pecans. Topped with a fresh strawberry and placed atop strawberry sauce and more strawberries. The best Cheescake I have ever had in my life. 
All in all I give my visit 4.5 stars. Some of the drawbacks were :
          The steaks coming out on an EXTREMELY HOT PLATE!!! I mean HOT. My friend touched it by mistake and I think I heard his index finger sizzle....
           The server took too long checking back and clearing/ crumbling the table, and did not offer another martini when the glass was half full. 
            The Kansas Steak was not cooked at the temp that my friend asked it to be- although the gentleman who bought the steaks did ask us to cut into the middle of the steaks, my foolish friend cut on the side and didn't realize until he already started eating it.
            The music, while nice, did not match the decor at all! I would have preferred more of a contemporary jazz or classical music as opposed to random pop songs. 
 I would def come back!This place is literally off the hook! I went here with a couple of friends a little while back and boy were my expectations met and then some. We got the lobster mac and cheese which is honestly probably the best I have ever had! Then for my main course I has the lamb chops with a sweet sauce that was absolutely bonkers. It was so good that I literally thought I was in heaven. We also got the shellfish plateau and it was awesome! Basically everything here was awesome including the service so this is a must check out place if you are in the philly area and want to dish out a little cash for some amazing food!I loved this place. I went with a date. Good choice for him. Great drinks(very strong fyi). The food was to die for the gnocchi crab side is a must! Its pricey but that was what was expected. It was extremely large inside I was not expecting such a large and loud place but it was enjoyable.If you haven't been I suggest you go. It's ridiculous how great this place is. I'm hooked!What can I say about Del Frisco's that hasn't already been said. This experience was amazing. Our waitress Candy was on top of everything and made sure we wanted for nothing. The food goes without saying was everything that I expected it to be. We started with the crab cakes and calamari. Our main course was lamb, and 2 bone in rib eye steaks. (The cow who gave his life for that steak is the real mvp along with the chef tonight). Our sides were cream corn, lobster mac and cheese, and potatoes. Again I have to stress how amazing every bite of food was. For drinks I had VIP and old fashion. To end the night I did my best with the amazing lemon cake. Words can't describe. Also before I forget I shout out to the bathroom attendant James he was on top of things over there. Lastly the valet service was on point even if he did adjust my car seat. Del Frisco thanks for an amazing night.First, I should preface that I am by no means a carnivore or expert in anything steak or steak-related. In fact, until Del Frisco's, I hadn't had steak in more than 10 years. I'm not a fan of the rubbery, over-cooked version my mom used to make me as a kid. That being said, my husband was hell-bent on checking out Del Frisco's for his birthday dinner. I was hoping there would be some non-steak/veal/pork options for myself, but sadly there were no chicken or pasta dishes and the lobster was like $100. To appease my husband, I decided to give steak a try again and ordered the beef tenderloin or beef medalions, which were like little cubes of steak. It was served with their special mashed potatoes. After that meal, I'm proud to say I'm back to eating steak. It was one of the best meals I ever had. The beef was so tender it practically melt in my mouth (I couldn't bear to ask for ketchup at a steak house and I'm glad I didn't!). The beef came with a warm brie sauce (which I strongly suggest you order on the side). I'm not a huge fan of brie, but the combination worked quite nicely as a dipping sauce. The mashed potatoes were to die for. However, the side of mushrooms were cold and forgettable. I also ordered a salad wedge which was cold, crisp and quite good. The bread didn't seem as special as everyone made it out to be -- but it was quite good. Soft and warm and definitely devoured. My husband got the seafood soup, which he loved. And the 12-ounce filet mignon, which was also good. He got a side of onion rings, which were so huge he only ate two or three, but they were good too. For dessert, I thought it was a nice touch that they gave us a $10 piece (or slab -- it was huge!) of butterscotch cheesecake on the house, when I mentioned it was my husband's birthday. It was SO GOOD. The butterscotch and what tasted like a Heath-bar type of crunch on the crust, was to die for. Now, for the service -- EXTREMELY attentive, almost overbearing, on the night we went (it was still fairly early evening on a Friday night and there weren't many tables). People were constantly checking on us and asking how our meal was and were we having a good time. We felt like VIPs or something. It did get a little annoying but I appreciated the attentiveness. My only complaint was that we were seated on the main floor, and it looked like there was no separation between the bar area and the dining area. As it was happy hour on a Friday, the place was booming with bar-goers who seemed to filter out into the dinner crowd...there was no buffer there, and it was quite loud. That is something they should definitely fix. But really I don't have any complaints, except the restaurant is very pricey. But for a special occasion or even just a nice dinner out when you've saved some cash, I highly recommend Del Frisco's. As I said, it was one of the better meals I've had and completely restored my faith in red meat!Came here for a birthday dinner.  Server was fantastic.  Food came out nice and hot.  The food was very very tasty.  Brought it home and ate it for lunch 2 days later and it still tasted amazing.  Atmosphere was very nice.  And we got a nice birthday dessert (butter cake and a chocolate cake).  Very nice restaurant.  I recommend it!!Great food awful service. I understand they're short staffed but it took an hour for food to come and no one to ask for water. Waitress disappears and does not check in. For the price, I've had better service in local diners.
That being said the food is amazing. Try to go on a weekday.If you're into big hunks of meat this is really the spot for you.  Perfectly cooked steak and excellent wine.  It's not really great for a date spot just the level of music/noise.  I thought the strawberry cheesecake was the best I had.I am blown away by the fact that people have rated this restaurant under 5 stars. The food is delicious and high quality. I ordered the thick bacon dish and cheesesteak pops for appetizers - both were amazing. And I ordered the filet for dinner with a side of lobster Mac and cheese. Everything tasted as well as I could've hoped for! I went with 9 other guests and I know we were all so pleased with our dishes and drinks. The staff was friendly and the bathrooms are fun!You know it's a bad night when a table of 8 has to send 3 steaks back for being undercooked! 
I came down here tonight to take an account to dinner. I figured I am a fan of the NYC chain so what can be different. All I can say is thank God I live in NYC. 
The place was packed and the space was huge. But I am not sure what the problem was tonight. We waited almost 35 minutes for appetizers. Had to ask to order more drinks while we were waiting and it felt like we had zero dialogue with our normal waiter. The only saving grace for my accounts was the very endowed female runners who kept filling water glasses for my clients (yes water).
We had 3 bone in filet specials, 3 22oz specials and two off the menu steaks. All steaks that were returned were  ordered medium. We had one that was still cold in the middle and two that were rare.
After speaking to the waiter and asking what the issue in the kitchen was, it was meant with a snide remark. I asked to speak to a manga her who never appeared. I am completely disgusted that a reliable chain would act in this manner. Never again.Other than the staff seeming a little overwhelmed I had a lovely dinner here. First of all the building itself is beautiful and very grandiose. Make sure to visit the vault downstairs. 
To start the bread is delicious. It doesn't look like anything special but it is perfectly crusty on the outside and soft and warm on the inside. I could eat loaves of those. The Del Salad is also quite good. I really enjoyed the avocado dressing. I'm not a bacon eater but it would be a great salad for bacon lovers as it is served with two huge crispy pieces of bacon plopped on top.
I had the salmon for my entree. It was cooked perfectly and the sauce was quite good. I really enjoyed the pieces of tomato and capers scattered throughout. Even the vegetable sides and potatoes were good. 
For dessert I highly recommend the cheesecake. It is massive and rich and creamy. The chocolate mousse is also velvety and delicious.Del Frisco's probably doesn't need another great review but I am taking this moment to tell you to ask for JR as your waiter. My son and I were celebrating his college graduation and JR was assigned to our table. Very quickly we were laughing and sharing information. I ordered the onion rings because they are amazing but JR went out of his way to bring four sauces with them. Delicious! Dinner was terrific as was the butter cake for dessert. And we even got to meet his brother JP! 
But it really was JR that was the highlight of the evening.I hold a sales meeting for 40 every year in Del Frisco's old "safe" room. Food and service are outstanding and wine selection is excellent. Highly recommend. Last meeting was December 2014.I have been here several times. Beautiful place. Steaks are excellent, no matter which kind you choose. Peppercorn Medallion is my fave. It usually comes with a side of mash.
Oysters on a half shell is great and so is the wonton cheese steaks. Lobster mac and cheese is also very good.
Wait staff/waiters/waitresses are all pleasant. Occasional mix-up's but overall great service.
They have valet parking or a parking lot across the street. Either way parking is about the same price.
Defiantly a great place to try.This is probably my favorite steak house. The steak is always so good and I got the lamb chops and they were delicious as well. I love there Prime pair menu.. the steak and scallop combo is bomb also like the steak and crab cake combo! Love the lobster Mac and cheese! Also like the Caesar salad.  The lobster bisque was good too. The service is always good and I like the atmosphere and interior.Food is superb. Steaks are always cooked to perfection. This is also a good spot to come to after work for some appetizers and cocktails.Good day!
I am no official "foodie," critic, nor a Rachel Ray replica... I'm a South Jersey girl who loves a divine meal as well as a location of grandeur, especially since I own & operate my own photography company!  
I must say I have never written a review for a restaurant, although I have had the opportunity to dine at quite a few gorgeous establishments with delectable delights.  I have dined in my 25 years from Maine, New York, New Jersey, Philadelphia, D.C., Virginia, Florida, to Dallas, Denver, & Waikiki... & I have never been as overwhelmed with a completely satisfying experience from start to finish!  At least not until I dined at Del Frisco's in Philadelphia, PA.! 
I had the luck of being present at my full time job at a boutique hotel when I briefly met the CEO of the restaurant (whose name I will withhold for his privacy).  He generously shared with my coworkers & I what looked to be a standard business card, but upon closer inspection it was a gift card for $150.00!  What a lovely, unexpected surprise!  Working at the front desk of a hotel you get several offers from restaurants in the area, but this was by far the most generous one received. 
I did research on the restaurant & informed my boyfriend of the good news.  (He's the handsome guy who wrote the 1st review for Del Frisco's, Les!)  As he is 6'3" & 200 plus pounds of man he was ecstatic to hear about the chance to dine in a high end steak house!  He is the kind of man that doesn't mind spending money of quality food so the bill came to about $270.00 including a few incredible drinks.  Thanks for splurging a bit baby!  ;  )  
I am writing to say that thanks to the ambiance, the outstanding & kind staff, & the attention to detail... it was worth it!  I will do my best to recall the names of the staff who assisted us as they deserve a round of applause!  In the early portion of our evening while waiting on a table we were tended to by Ms. Akila (forgive me if I misspelled her name she pronounced it 'Ah-kee-la').  She was all smiles, very courteous & I eventually deemed her "Lightening Legs" as she moved faster than light!
Then we were waited on primarily by a wonderful gentleman by the name of Brian.  He was really down to earth, which is very comforting to a gal who has never really been a steak girl.  I knew I was in new territory, but I saw a recommendation on yelp.com from someone who dined at one of their other locations & he suggested the bone in fillet as he said it was the most flavorful... so I went for it!  Brian assured me that it was a great choice so my boyfriend had the same.  We also ordered the supreme spinach (DREAMY) & the mashed potatoes.  
Absolutely everything was breathtaking!  I must also add that we felt as though we were being treated like royalty when our entrees & sides came out.  Since the gift card was from the CEO of the company I didn't bring it out until it came time to pay the bill so that I knew I was getting the "regular couple off of the street" treatment although we dressed up.  As a young woman of an eclectic mix of origins I am very big on observing the treatment of customers in businesses as I no longer frequent those who do not treat customers equally.  My boyfriend & I had no issues whatsoever with their staff.  I was pleased to see diversity in the staff.  It definitely reflects the city's diversity & I applaud the management for that.     
I counted at least four gentlemen who served us simultaneously... that's the kind of service & presentation that I don't mind paying extra for while dining out.  They have set a new bar for restaurants!  They also selected a solid team.  I was informed by Brian that there was a four week training process & it shows in the end result.  
Thanks to the incredible impression that experience left upon me I have mentioned the restaurant every time a guest mentions dining out!  If anyone who has never been to Philadelphia is reading this please know that there are HUNDREDS of excellent restaurants that offer a delicious meal in the city, so it's not as if there's slim pickings!  I even recommended Del Frisco's to one of the toughest restaurant/business critics I know... my Mom!  Once Brian showed me the Vault room I knew I had to bring her to dine & take a tour as well.  She wants to visit Del Frisco's during the holidays & she said that that meal will be my Christmas present to her!  The building has such a dramatic presence & I thought that she could definitely host some of her many meetings there.
If you are looking to take someone out in Philadelphia & see a spectacular bit of architecture while eating the most divine dishes & being treated perfectly... you have to look no further!  It's one of those places men should propose to their special ladies in... he gets a hearty "man meal" &  she gets to be proposed to while be waited on by a bunch of men... isn't life grand?!  Hahaha!What can I say about this place that hasn't already been said! The restaurant is absolutely gorgeous! It is a sight to be seen, absolutely amazing.  However, service was a little slow during restaurant week.  It was almost 45 minutes between our appetizer and main course.  Granted we had a large group, but it was a little excessive.  Another issue was the quality of the steaks and my salmon when it came out.  They made a huge deal about how we wanted our entrees cooked and when they came out everyone's was completely different than what they had ordered?! I ordered my salmon very well done and it came out cold in the middle...  Once they brought my salmon after they re-cooked, it was absolutely delicious!  Might give it another try on a very, very special occassion.  Prices are sky high, be prepared!Del Frisco's is one of the best steakhouses I've ever been to...and I've been to a few. On our last visit we had a great experience, the food was tasty, well seasoned and our steaks cooked to perfection. If you're only going to get one side (though you'll probably get more), we'd recommend the lobster mac & cheese. The sauce is delicious and the lobster plentiful. It can get busy sometimes so we'd also recommend that you make a reservation.The food here at Del Frisco's was actually pretty great. I ordered the tomato basil soup, filet mignon (rare with a warm center), and the cheesecake. The clear star of the meal was the filet mignon (as it should be), as the meat was tender and fresh and not overcooked. However, the meat was over-seasoned with black pepper to the point where it overpowered the actual filet mignon. The appetizer and dessert were both good, but nothing too memorable. 
The main issue I have with Del Frisco's (hence the three stars), is their service and overall execution of the dining experience. First, is the clear discrepency in decor between the lower and upper level. It truly feels as if there are two separate restaurants in the same building. Secondly, after being seated at 6pm, we had to wait over half an hour before our server was even in sight. We were practically jumping out of our seats just to flag someone down. Even with our waiter, we were not served our appetizers until an hour after we ordered. For an upscale restaurant such as Del Frisco's, which prizes itself on "unparalleled hospitality", they clearly need some more work in this area.My favorite steakhouse! Consistently delicious steak, friendly staff and fantastic wine selection. Either sit down dining or grabbing some appetizers and drinks at the bar you really can't go wrong. 
Dress is on the nicer side and reservations are a must!Terrible service. Will never go back. Sat down at the bar on Tuesday night, August 14th, and slow doesn't do it justice - Not a very busy night. 
Bartender approaches immediately and immediately I know what I want to eat and drink so I ordered immediately. 45 minutes later, somehow my food is still not in front of me. I inquire with a different bartender, who looks at the slip and is visibly taken back when he checks the time on the ticket. He then try's to tell me it's because there is a bone in the lamb and it takes longer to cook...interesting. So, I say that's fine. How much longer? He says 1 or 2 mins max. I take that for 5 mins and say that's fine and thank you. Literally 10 mins go by and I wave down the same bartender to say "just cash me out for what I've consumed" He states "we're plating your food now" And walks away as to go check on the order. Few mins later I had to wave the first bartender down to just cash me out for what I've consumed and she's almost begging me to not cash out.  I respectfully declined, cashed out and left an exact 20% tip on what I consumed only to notice I did not have an itemized receipt. Again, I need to wave a bartender down on a night where there is nobody there just to get an itemized receipt. Unreal. She brings the itemized receipt and almost throws it at me. Nice. No apology, by rather complete arrogance. No offer to comp anything just an all my fault attitude because I was tired of waiting an hour for my food. 
Here's a free tip...If it takes an hour for certain meals, that should be disclosed a head of time. Good riddance!Del Frisco's is all bark and no bite.  
The steaks are not remotely on par with other steakhouses in the city (outside of price) and the wine for the most part is on a 300+% premium, which is significantly more than most restaurants in the city.   
If you look forward to a poorly designed 24,000 sq ft space where your table is almost touching your neighbor, come here.  If you enjoy sending your steak back because it's OK for a new steakhouse to "work on their kitchen" even though you paid at minimum $36 a steak, DF is the best place to do so.  They will probably comp the whole check!
With so many steakhouses in the city, there is little point in spending your money here unless you're dead set on impressing your friends with the enormity of the space.
Fellow Yelpers, how often do you trust a restaurant where most good reviews were written by someone with 2 or fewer reviews who has not  written since their review of DF?   The picture posted by a "reviewer" here on Yelp isn't even from the same location!  Don't let the marketing machine here fool you.  (reference their TripAdvisor review as well) 
btw...their "signature" cocktail is a lesser (Smirnoff) version of the Stoli Doli at Capital Grille which has had the same cocktail (with less pineapple juice) longer than DF has even been in existence.Came highly recommended and did not disappoint. Salads to start. Delicious loaf of sesame bread with nicely whipped butter on the side. Gabrielle, our waitress was excellent and well-versed in the menu. E went for the short ribs and I chose an 18 oz lobster tail with the gnocchi with crab meat on the side. The gnocchi melts in your mouth and the lobster was sweet, tender and juicy. We finished the meal with the banana bread pudding and warm butter cake. Everything was perfect.Went back...again! We absolutely love this place. My wife keeps saying we need to try another place. My response is why? Del Frisco's is the absolute best in Philadelphia.Above all else the location is tremendous. Gorgeous old bank. Food was not befitting a steak house. Steak was tough and the smashed potatoes are disgusting. Arrived cold, lazy recipe with lots of stuff mixed in, not the effort one would hope for from an expensive chain. Steaks very salty and over seasoned. Not going back. Waitresses dressed messy and trashy like sports bar Trollops. No valet at lunch. A big minus.Came in at 5pm, sat at the bar to watch the World Cup finals. Bar tender was nice but not great service and food was mediocre at best. Had to ask for bread and it was barely warm and stale, had to ask where wine was after 20 minutes after ordering. Steak was pretty good. Dessert, Creme brûlée tasted two days old, certainly not  flamed before delivery, couldn't eat it. For such an expensive restaurant we expected more, Butcher and Singer or Ocean Prime better food and service. Del Friscos a disappointment.I came here with a girlfriend expecting to be "wowed" after all of the hype, but instead was horrified by both the service and food.  For a check of $300+ I expect utter perfection with my steak.  Instead, I thought to myself, I enjoyed the Victoria's filet at Outback better than the $36 filet I ordered.  
Don't even get me started about the lobster.  Revolting is the only word that comes to mind.  It was so tough, that I could not even make a small puncture wound with my steak knife.  
I was also stressed and overwhelmed by the Staff, who were bombarding me every time I tried to relax and enjoy my food.  If you want to impress others by spending a lot of $$ for no reason, then come here.  Otherwise, choose one of the other amazing restaurants in Philly for your beef fix.The culinary highlight of our trip. First, the space is gorgeous. Go look at the vault downstairs. Jaw-dropping. The greeting as we came in was warm, we were seated immediately and dove into the wine list which was bottomless. We found an amazing Dunn cabernet which I highly recommend. Our sever helped us navigate the menu which of course leans heavily toward red meat although there were plenty of other options. The sommelier brought out our wine and it was devine. My wife and I had ordered the same thing, hers medium and mine medium rare. The food runner asked us to cut into our steaks to see if we were happy with them and it's good she did. They were both overcooked. I gave my wife my medium rare which was a medium and the server set out to get me a replacement. This could have been a real bummer but the way they handled it was textbook. I got apologies from the server and the manager. They offered to take back both plates so we could start at the same time but truth be told, I eat faster than my wife so I knew letting her get a head start was not the end of the world.
The new plate was out in a flash and my server and the manager came by to watch me cut into my steak and it was perfect.
I had made a comment to the server that it was our first time in Philadelphia and that we'd come in from San Francisco for a Radiohead concert. At the end of the meal, they brought us out a great dessert to share to welcome us to their city which we thought was a very nice touch.
All in all, it was a fabulous evening and if I'm ever back, we will return.I can't say enough positive about our dining experience at Del Frisco's. The appatizer, Steaks, sides, desert were all amazing. Some of the best service we've had anywhere. Try it you will not regret it.I love the architecture of this bank turned restaurant. The interior has beautiful columns and a grand stair case which is absolutely breathtaking. The lighting is a little bland for the type of ambiance they're trying to portray (it was pretty bright with a florescent glow) I think it would have been better if it was a little more romantic. Also, I thought that the tables were a bit squeezed together and every time someone walked by they brushed against my seat which gets a bit annoying. I absolutely loved their wine rack, going from the bar on the first floor spiraling to the second floor and the waiters were great and really attentive, 
Onto the food, we ordered the calamari as a starter and it was definitely an interesting thai twist. Absolutely delicious, but I can see it not appealing to everyone. We had the filet mignon as a main entree with the mushrooms and french fries on the side. It was a quality piece of meat and cooked to order, but I thought that they put too much pepper and seasoning on the outside of it. Also, the mushroom side was really heavy on the flavoring and could only eat a few before my mouth felt overloaded. Their fries on the other hand were DELICIOUS. I don't even think they were on the menu, but I'll take fries with my steak any day. 
I would definitely come here for the experience, but probably not for the steak.From the time we entered Del Frisco's it was magical!
The hostesses were warm and friendly and directed us to the restrooms so we could change after a day of sightseeeing. Once in the restroom the attendant couldn't do enough to help me. What an upbeat and caring Lady!
Then on to a comfortable booth in a gorgeous historical Bank building. The food was exceptional. Then the manager Carmen came over and introduced himself and offered to take us on a tour after our delicious meal. I topped the meal off with Del's special dessert drink. OMG heaven in a martini glass.
Carmen kept his word and gave us a complete tour of the restaurant.
Been to Del Friso's in N.Y., Chicago and Las Vegas but Philadelphia definitely ranks as one of the BEST!
Thank you Carmen and Del Frisco's Philadelphia!Went to DelFriscos to celebrate a major accomplishment at work. The service was good and the food was DELICIOUS! I got the calamari, crab cakes, lobster mac and cheese and broccoli. Finished it off with their signature butter cake... TO DIE FOR!! Definitely one of my new favorite restaurants in Philadelphia.To start my review I absolutely have to comment on how beautiful this steak house is. It was a repurposed bank and it was apparently the first or one of the first banks in Philadelphia (but don't quote me on that). I was on the upstairs but the downstairs was beautiful and it had a vault for the private dining room.
 The food was very good and filling. I ordered the chilled shrimp appetizer and the 16 oz Ribeye. The shrimp appetizer was good but the sauces weren't amazing. They were not that tasty and were spicy but not incredibly spicy and left a pretty bad after taste in your mouth.
 The shrimp however tasted very fresh and tasty. Before I dive into my main meal I got to try some of the filet medallion. It was pretty good the sauce was nice however when I look at the menu online it says it was a lemon butter sauce and it tasted far from it. On its own the sauce tastes nice but it doesn't taste like what it is supposed to be. Than I got my ribeye.
 The presentation wasn't incredible but it was pretty standard for a steak house. The broccoli wasn't that good as it was pretty hard and when my broccoli is steamed I prefer that is soft. The mashed potatoes were pretty good. They went very well with the ribeye and were very tasty on its own as well. The ribeye was very juicy. I asked for medium rare. It was moist and the outside was not dry. The food came out to us in good timing (not to fast, not to slow) and the waiter was very nice. We told her we were visiting and she gave us great restaurant locations for the rest of our stay. The food was good and so was the service making it a good option for a nice dinner or even a lunch.Went back for restaurant week. Needless to say, they're still fabulous. You owe it to yourself to go.Lobster Mac & Cheese , need I say more. This Resturant is set in an old bank with a beautiful wine cellar. This place  is always  crowded and loud. the ambiance is unbeleivable though. The dark woods and deep reds make is a very nice setting. I would love to come back as soon as return to Philly.I went to Del Frisco's during Valentines weekend with my roommates. Now, before you jump to any rash conclusions, we went to celebrate my roommate's 21st birthday. But we did feel a little out of place, considering the rest of the parties there were couples.
What I Ordered: Started off with an order of freshly shucked oysters. Refreshed my palate, and prepared it for what was soon to come. Next, I ordered the Bone-in Rib Eye. All 22 ounces of heavenly goodness. Sooooo good. They had a special blend of herbs and spices, the outside seared perfectly, the inside, to die for. Accompanying the steak were house mashed potatoes, fried mushrooms, and the house cream of spinach.
Verdict: Arguably the BEST steak I've ever had at a restaurant. Definitely left the place feeling happier than I had entered, but also left the place with a lot less money in my wallet. Total damage was as follows...Steak:$47; 3 sides split evenly: $20; Oysters: $16; A night to remember: Priceless.We had a fabulous dinner at Del Frisco's but I must say the best part of the evening was the incredible service from our pleasant server named Kirsten.  She was so courteous and helpful in our food and wine selection.  I enjoyed the food she recommended and her wine choice with our meal was outstanding!  Though we like the restaurant we will only return on nights that Kirsten is working.I love this place, it soap worth the money. I alway get the bone in ribeye and cream spinach. Best steak in the city.Go will not be disappointed. Beautiful establishment, great staff, and the Best food and steaks in the city!Love the food at Del Friscos but sometimes the service is lackluster. The hostess gave away our table while we were waiting for the last of our party to arrive and did not inform us, even though aware we were waiting at the bar. We had to wait for a new table. The food was delicious. My only complaint is that the steaks come out on absurdly hot plates. Towards the end of my meal, the medallions were no longer at my desired medium.  Our waiter unfortunately was inattentive and slow. The meal took much longer than we intended, considering we had to flag our waiter down when we needed him. Always a good deal for restaurant week if you can deal with less than stellar service.My wife and I have never had an experience as good as we did tonight! The food was excellent,but what really impressed us was the staff. Today is our third year anniversary,and the hostess made sure everyone knew it. John the chef,and Drew one of the managers actually came to greet us at our table. We felt like royalty! Our waiter John was excellent,and made us feel like family. This was hands down the best dining experience we've ever had!Visited Del Frisco last weekend for restaurant week. The food was pretty good! Here lies my problem: I don't like when restaurants get shady and duplicitous by not informing you of certain information in advance. I paid $12 dollars for ginger ale. Why? The waitress kept asking if I would like a refill on my drink. Assuming it was free refills, of course I said yes. I was billed for 3 glasses of soda @ $4 a glass. It was fine. Between me and my friend, this waitress missed out on $25 tip and I kindly wrote why on the bill.The best steakhouse in Philly in my opinion.  Terrific steaks, outstanding sides, and amazing desserts.  As good as the food is though, the atmosphere is even better. My only complaint is there is no bathroom on the main floor.Amaaaaaazing!
I don't even know where to start. The seafood (tower) appetizer with everything from crab legs, to oysters, to lobster claws was so frickin good I could barely control myself.
The service was impeccable.
Hostess, waitstaff, bar - ALL GOOD!
The steaks...Shut the Front Door!!! 
like Buttah!
in my mouth
on my tongue
I could do a dance...
but I won't
But I should
It it where I would like to be buried please
Mmmmmm heaven in Philly
IndeedWish I could give 10 stars!  This place is awesome, the staff is out of this world exceptional at what they do.  We celebrated out 25th wedding anniversary last October, our waiter was FABULOUS!  The bartenders were crazy good at making cocktails and the management showed their appreciation for all of their employees, really was a great night out.  Looking forward to the next time.Great food. Good atmosphere. Had the filet trio special. It was good despite being $70. Hostess and wait staff are nice and dress like strippers.I'll caveat this by saying I haven't had a true steak dinner here, just fish, drinks, bar fare, and more drinks. 
This is the best looking restaurant I have seen outside of NYC. Beautiful sweeping staircases. Wine tower with spiral staircase. Huge vault that you can eat in. All of the food was good drinks were string with a huge selection. Prices were reasonable for a steakhouse. 
This is the place to take a business meeting, or a date (although not intimate), or meet women looking for rich guys/ recent divorcees. I wish I could afford to come here every night!My boyfriend and I came for a special occasion. Our waitress and the staff overall were very friendly! We ordered the Shanghai-style fried calamari, king crab gnocchi, spinach supreme, waygu longbone, sea bass, and the banana bread pudding. This was a lot of food for two people. 
To be honest I wasn't blown away from anything we tried but must I say, the banana bread pudding was my favorite out of everything. Like everyone says the interior is very beautiful and the ambiance is very nice.Went to Del Frisco's after PA Auto Show.  Old bank buildings that have been replaced by strip mall branches make great steakhouses.  Busy scene downtown, especially with Restaurant Week but we were seated immediately.  Cocktail order was promptly taken and delivered by our attentive server and his assistants.  They were great.  Specials were explained and reexplained due to one of our party being hard of hearing.  The Restaurant Week menu was discarded for their standard menu are.  Party had a combination of the steaks as well as the lamb and all were outstanding.  Table was cleared and cleaned between courses without the feeling of being rushed.For those who Yelp about  a la carte sides or the prices you do not understand a great steakhouse and even less of fine dining.  Please stick with Golden Corral.Service, location, ambiance and food were fantastic. I highly recommend this restaurant to anyone looking for an alternative to the typical big name steakhouses.Went here during restaurant week so my expectations were tame. However I decided to order off the a la carte menu bc I had never been there and wanted to see what the place was really about. 
The food was above average for high end steakhouses. I split the wagyu bone in ribeye and a variety of sides. I wanted the ribeye to be a little more tender or buttery, and lacked some char....but the seasoning was spot on. Lobster mac n chs was damn good. Steak tartar was also very good. 
Service was TERRIBLE. I really wanted to give the place 2 stars but the food warranted 3. Servers had no idea who ordered what when the food came out. Two of the orders were incorrect forcing two friends to wait over 20 mins. Server rarely came to the table and to top it off they threw away 2 plates we wanted doggy bags for. I'm sure the restaurant week played a factor but it wasnt that busy and we racked a fat bill.I went here for my anniversary. I thought the decor was impressive. My husband & I shared appetizers.  The calamari & lobster mac & cheese were good.  My husband loved his steak. I was disappointed that I didn't enjoy mine, because I didn't like how it was cooked. I took the rest home for my husband to eat. Our waitress was great,  & she made our experience enjoyable. It seemed like everyone else was there for an anniversary as well, with the exception of a birthday. The drinks were delicious & very strong. Overall, it was okay, but I would rather try another place.The visual, ambiance and people you see in Del Friscos is second to none. Whether just a quick drink and Lobster Mac & Cheese, or full out meal, she building and vibe alone is worth a visit anytime nearby in Philly. Legendary spot.Outstanding service from being seated immediately without a reservation during restaurant week, to rapid drink service, to the perfectly done steak, with a request to check before the waiter leaves the table that it is perfectly done. Fantastic setting, great ambience, and the food was wonderful, the tuna tartare delicious, my steak special beyiond description with grilled shrimp perfectly done, and lump crab that was really lump crab. Not inexpensive, but worth every cent.I went for restaurant week last night. Del friscos is perfection. You really can't beat this steak. I love meat and they know how it's done. Even with restaurant week going on the food was prompt and delicious. Not to mention my plate and steak were HOT- my favorite. In addition as a side I got the lobster mac. Totally worth the extra- Id go back just for that. 
The location is also a one of a kind place. It was an old bank converted so it really is a charming and iconic location. I will be back!AWESOME! Great steak, the ribeye is second to none.  The service is wonderful and the philly cheese-steak pops are great.
The venue is an old bank that was converted into the steak house.  If you venture downstairs you can walk into the vault which is now available for private partiesCame on New Years Eve with my wife. Had a 9pm reservation and didn't get seated until 9:45. I find it to be completely unacceptable to wait 45 minutes to be seated. They obviously overbooked, trying to squeeze as many tables as possible. The main level bar area was far over crowded spilling into the dinning area. I'm surprised there wasn't any type of confrontations with the people at the bar damn near leaning on tables while people were eating. The upside is our meal was fantastic. Our service was everything it should have been. Would have given 4 stars but the overcrowding at wait was too much.My husband and I went here to celebrate the anniversary of our first date--decades ago. What a wonderful meal. We started off with the crab cake. I consider myself a crab cake connoisseur--usually never ordering them unless I am in Maryland during the season--but this crab cake was amazing. It is all crab (no filler) and seasoned perfectly. We also shared the cheese steak dumplings--they were just average. My meal was a special (not on the menu) of 3 filets-one with blue cheese, one with crab, and one with a sauce. Each one was done to perfection and tasted unique and delicious. The portions were large (needed a doggie bag.) We also shared a large portion of lobster macaroni and cheese-this is a "must order" item--yummy. They provided us with a complimentary dessert for our Anniversary which consisted of 3 tastes of cheesecake, chocolate and lemon cake--a great way to top off a delicious meal. 
You should prepare to pay a lot for this wonderful meal but it is totally worth it. I also had a glass of wine from Napa that I will be searching for to purchase a bottle.
Their valet parking is on 15th next to Staples. Use it. We didn't and paid $30 to park in a nearby garage where we had to wait in line in the cold for our car to be brought down.I came here in May with my boyfriend for a romantic dinner, and we had planned to do this for a while so we were quite disappointed.
The only good thing I could say here is the atmosphere.  It is amazing and the interior architecture is really something.
Maybe it's because we came 30 minutes before the kitchen was closing, or maybe their steaks always tastes much too over-sauced, salty, overcooked, and dry.  I got the filet mignon and I was very disappointed.  We also got a side of the broccoli and it was disgustingly greasy and garlic-y.
Although I had the pinot noir, I am not an avid wine drinker and cannot review the taste of it.  
To top it off, the service was something I did NOT expect at a high end restaurant.  We had to get up from our seat to find our waiter on 3 different occasions to ask her for water, the check, and to correct something on the check.
There was only about 2 other tables and a few people at the bar at this time of the night, so the waitress had no excuse for such lazy and inattentive service.  Moreover, we were late for a late night obligation, and made that very clear when we had to get up from our seat to ask for the check.  
When we DID finally get the check, she put in 2 more drinks on there than we had ordered, and we had to again, go up to her to ask her to take it off.
We finally got the revised check, and saw that the drinks she had taken off were the ones we did not get--and much more expensive.
However, judging by how late we were already, we just paid the amount on the bill and left the restaurant, disappointed with our long awaited romantic dinner.
Perhaps it was the timing of the place that could be blamed for the sub par food.  However, I don't believe that a steakhouse of this caliber should ever give such lousy service.I ate here as a member of a 12 person bachelor party. We ordered almost everything on the menu and the majority of the food was unreal. Oddly enough the worst part of my meal was my filet mignon. I ordered it medium and it was under cooked and over-seasoned. The seafood was top notch and the side dishes were excellent. I'm giving this review 2 stars because at the time our check was to be presented we were told by our waitress (we had almost a dozen people waiting on us) that the bill had been taken care of by an anonymous person earlier in the day. Everyone at the table heard the waitress say this and no one could figure out who would've picked up a $2,600 meal. The next day the grooms credit card was charged for the meal because of the staffs mistake. After weeks of arguing, the restaurant took care of the bill but I still feel as if this is an unacceptable mistake.Let me start off with the positive. This restaurant produced the absolutely best steak I've ever had in my life. I ordered the $56 22oz bone-in prime ribeye.  It arrived tableside prepared perfectly (medium).  My dining companions had the bone-in Filet (medium) and the ribeye. Everyone agreed that these were the best steaks they've ever had. The ladies had the Sea Bass served on a bed of crab fried rice which was excellent.  The table shared two orders of blue point oysters and spicy calamari. Both were second to none. Now on to the negative. The lobster Mac 'n cheese was too creamy and rather bland. The crab gnocchi was similarly creamy and tasteless. The restaurant was overcrowded and unpleasantly loud.  Our Server, Augustine was excellent.  We finished our meal with the lemon cake, bread pudding and a chocolate dish. All three were amazing. If I were to go back to Del Frisco's, I would make sure it was not for a special occasion like this and I would order different sides.When I've given up hope on high end steak places, Del Frisco has rekindled my hope that there are still great steaks out there.
Over the years, the luster of high end steak places has dulled for me.  But last night I went to my wife's company dinner here and was impressed.
The decor is based on an old bank.  We had dinner in their basement vault and the food was very good.
We started with several apps in the lobby of the basement - crabcake, tuna tartare, fried wonton on a stick.  All were very tasty.  
For dinner, I had the wedge salad, ribeye steak and chocolate mousse.  I love my steak rare and that is how I got it.  These days, it just seems that all the steaks are overcooked.  Seasoned with just salt and pepper, the steak was perfectly cooked.
If you are looking for a good steak with a cool vibe, this is the place to go.My review is solely based off of the restaurant week's menu and service. 
I have been dying to come here for years!  I never have because I am such a big fan of Fogo de Chao and go there on every possible occasion.  Restaurant week came along and I figured it was finally time to try something new. 
Our waitress was kind of inadequate.  She served us in a timely manner but never bothered checking up on us, took my drink away before it was finished, and never asked if I wanted another one.  She also never introduced herself so "she" will be called "she" throughout this review.  One more thing...  We didn't ask for our check at the end of the meal, but she brought it right out anyway (I wanted another drink).  I understand that it is restaurant week, but I felt as if she was trying to get rid of us from the moment we sat down. 
The guy who brought out my steak was great (otherwise, the service would have been 2 stars).  He asked me if my steak was cooked the way I requested and I said it was just "okay".  He seemed genuinely concerned that it was just okay and not great --I really like and appreciate that.  I ended up switching steaks with my friend because she prefers it to be more well done.  I was also starving and did not want to wait any longer.  On the plus side, every thing that I ordered tasted phenomenal.  Everything was seasoned to perfection. 
This place is truly exquisite (in terms of architectural design).  Definitely a classy, elegant establishment with just one flaw... The way the female staff were dressed.  Super short, tight leather, dresses/skirts with black fishnet stockings.  I am no where near conservative when it comes to my attire, but I did not feel like I was in a restaurant; let alone an elegant one.  The female staff could have easily been mistaken for the bartenders or patrons of ZBar during the after hours.  Definitely distasteful. 
I'm not sure if I'll be returning or recommending this place to people.  Definitely not worth the hype and did not live up my expectations.Saturday 7:30pm reservation. Seated promptly at upper level booth.  Service was great from bread to wine to dinner. By far better than the other steakhouses a few blocks away. Sorry S. Starr, they Butchered you.  Attentive without being intrusive and each course was timely and well executed.  Definitely a repeat customer.I give it 3.5 stars.  I have to say the space is fantastic.  It's not a cozy place if you want to feel like having a private, quiet, romantic meal.  Its a huge, soaring, wide open space (too big if you ask me) that kinda pulls away from the intimacy I prefer in a restaurant.  The wine selection was very nice with an equally impressive wine (rack? - lol) area.  Actually there is an elevator shaft at one end of the bar that allows the (wine picker?) bartender to access a 40 foot high wine storage shaft.  I was having lunch so I started off with a turtle soup.  Actually it was "fake turtle" soup since it was beef based that was OK (I've had much better).   I also had a burger which was cooked perfectly (Med/rare) and was quite large.  It came with a stack of house-made BBQ chips that were pretty tasty, although a little salty for me (but I'm not a salty food fan).  For desert I had a very, very tasty cheesecake (and I'm not the biggest cheese cake fan) that was unbelievably good.  It was light, creamy, fluffy and most importantly tasty.   I would go just for the cheesecake.   The service was pretty good and our waitress definitely had the menu/specials memorized to perfection.  All things considered I think its a bit overrated and I'm not a fan of restaurants the size of small malls.  I'm willing to give it another try but I'm not dying to go back.My wife and I have dined here a few time before and our feeling is that it has progressively declined.  We were recently invited there again by another couple that simply loves Del Frisco's.  I'll start by saying that the cheese-steak appetizer was absolutely delicious.  After that, our dinner was below average at best, and the service was almost non-existent.  The decline starts when our cocktails don't arrive until AFTER the appetizer is served and almost gone.  Then the waitress basically tells us that they will not accommodate any alterations to the dishes; in other words, no substitutions and no going off the menu for something as simple as spinach with garlic and oil.  The inflexibility was hard to swallow when dinner was going to cost at least six or seven hundred dollars.  We were given the customary bread basket, but it was almost impossible to obtain a second helping of butter; we literally had to ask three times.  Then, we have never had this happen before, but just before the entrees were to be served a member of the wait staff swooped in and removed whatever bread had not been eaten as yet, along with our bread dishes.  Oh did I forget to mention that my wife prefers to butter some bread and set it aside to have with her steak?  Why didn't she stop them you ask, because she was engrossed in conversation and didn't even notice until it was gone. Well, I guess that is our fault, it's just that I have never had a waiter remove something from the table without asking first.  Anyway, on to the renowned steaks: tiny, dried out, and almost tasteless.  I have definitely had better --at home.  It goes without saying that the entire menu is expensive, you know that going in.  However, I remember getting larger servings in the past; particularly with the side dishes.  The baked potato was no larger than one might find in a 5lb bag at the supermarket, and it was NOT recently baked; in other words, it was baked several hours prior to it hitting our table.  Their specialty corn was overcooked to the point of almost being burnt; I suppose we were fortunate that it was a tiny serving, approximately four tablespoons.  Then to round out the evening, their lemon cake was still a bit frozen on the inside so we had to eat around the edges.  All in all, not a very good dining experience; and given the fact that there are so many better steak houses within a few block radius, one has to wonder why Del Frisco's???No class, below average food and bad service - this is not the combination I like. The bread is like from a diner, the steak was ok but too spicy and the order was messed up and instead of what was presented as a warm apple pie we got a barely warm dry muffin. The place itself is nice but the atmosphere is of a fast food joint from the way the waitresses are dressed, the level of service and complete lack of any care.Excellent.  Took my fiance for his birthday and everything was just superb.  The ambiance is amazing with the high ceilings and beautiful molding. We were seated on the mezzanine, so we had a great view of the dining floor and dramatic staircase.  The servers were attentive, knowledgeable, and courteous; even the manager came out to check on our experience.  Food came promptly and was delicious.  The servers asked us to cut our steaks as soon as they delivered them to ensure that they were cooked to our liking, and they even spooned our sides onto our plates.  We had the chateau potatoes, corn, a crab cake, and scallops along with our filet and ribeye.  A little pricey for regular dining out, but a great option for a special occasion.Steak cooked to perfection! Had the wedge salad for an appetizer... AWESOME. Polished it all off with the banana bread pudding. Three letters... OMG! Would have been five stars, but place was VERY loudCame here for Restaurant week and I would return to pay full price. Delicious filet mignon... once it was cooked right. I ordered medium and the waiter knew what that meant but I got medium well and when they rushed me another one it was rare. I ended up switching with a friend (we all ordered different temperatures) and seriously, yum. The wine however, was so pricey! There isn't anything below $15/glass and Italian wine starts at $45/glass. Still, the old bank and the wine staircase was wow to look at during dinner and the noise level was nice when we were there. Oh ya! Dessert was perfect.I went here for a dinner meeting last week and was pretty impressed. I had the filet mignon with mashed potatoes and broccoli. I can't wait to go back to try more things from the menu. The staff was pretty friendly. I also had a pomegranate martini which was a little sweeter than I normally like, but it was good as well. It was very busy so valet parking took a while when it was time to pick my car, but overall I had a great experience here.Came here for restaurant week. The food was absolutely fantastic. Started off with the baby greens salad with pecans and green apple. I went with the 8oz filet for entree. It was cooked perfectly and one of the best steaks I've ever had. They also have the option to add different toppings for a reasonable price. Dessert was a delicious cheesecake. 
Overall, reasonable prices for restaurant week. Great wine list and other cocktails are available. The building itself is beautiful. We would definitely come back. Perfect spot for a nicer dinner out in the city.Such a fun atmosphere !!! Came here with a group of my girlfriends and loved the experience !For me, Del Frisco's is the gold standard of steakhouses. This is the 3rd branch I've been to and each one has been resoundingly excellent. 
We started our evening out with 2 cocktails and our food was served very quickly, in fact, just as we were finishing our drinks. We got the thick cut bacon au poive, a few vegetable sides, a dry aged ribeye and a dry aged strip.
Everything was outstanding. The meat... just dynamite. Perfectly cooked. Amazing flavor. Best of all the steakhouse chains in my opinion. I also couldn't get enough of that peppery bacon. I was actually eating it as a steak topping and the bacon/pepper/dry aged beef made for a very powerful flavor combination. 
Ordering dessert after this gigantic meal was complete gluttony, but yeah we did it anyway. The butter cake and ice cream was absolutely delicious.  Really enjoyed it and we appreciated that they comped it. 
If I had any criticism of this fine establishment it's that the valet parking was a bit of a nightmare. I do appreciate that they offer the service, but the system was somewhat wonky. We couldn't find the drop off spot upon arrival (it's not at the front entrance) so we had to loop around the block in heavy traffic in order to make a second pass. There was also a communication disconnect between the hostess and the valet team when we tried to get our car, so we wound up waiting a good 20 minutes in the entrance before we could be on our way. 
Minor nuisances aside, our evening was really quite enjoyable. Del Frisco's has always proven to be an amazing place to grab a steak and the Philly branch was no exception. Stop by and you'll be sure to enjoy the amazing meats, well made drinks and rambunctious (yet upscale) atmosphere.Best steak ever. Terrific baked potato. Extremely intricate old bank building with sculpted ceiling and marble columns throughout.Have dined at Del Frisco's several times! Ambiance a ten with cathedral ceilings, red velvet tapestry and impressive wine tower. I love the enormous bowl of jelly beans in the foyer which is extremely unexpected! Food is delicious and you will pay for it, but well worth the experience! Highly recommended for celebrations!Best steakhouse chain in the area.  Formerly an old bank the space is stunning & the atmosphere make this an absolute must try.  Have shared appetizers over HH in the bar multiple times and recently dined.  Overall everything was delicious. The filet medallions or appetizer are a must. I was going for 5 stars but was torn and based on these items it gets 4:
-Big disappointment was the Burger for HH.  I expected it to be delish as you never find a bad burger in TX & being a TX chain with excellent steaks I was really looking forward to a great burger at the bar during HH.   Far from it!  Do not order - Average at best.  I found it flavorless.  They should really remove it from the menu as if it's all you ordered you would never go back. 
-Wine by the glass is outrageously priced.  
-The atmosphere is elegant, majority of crowd is business attire but the female servers outfits lack class.  They look out of place, more night club than I am here to serve your $50 steak.  Definitely puts a damper on the ambiance of a fine dining evening.Good food.  Not the service I remember.  Amazing potential given the location and building but if you don't have the service you can't demand the price.  Del's double eagle needs to figure out where they want to play.   We had dinner at del friscos grille a while back and this feels similar.  Need to differentiate.   It seeing it!This place is phenomenal! The architecture is breathtaking, food is amazing, service is fantastic, and it's one of those places where you get what you paid for. It's a pricey but worth it.Beautiful ambiance.  Delicious food.
My boyfriend and I frequent here usually for special occasion dining and the food has always been spot on.  We went recently on a Monday night without a reservation, the hostess told us it would be about a 15-20 minute wait so we headed to the bar.  A half hour passed and we noticed plenty of empty tables so we decided to check in.  Turns out they forgot to put us in the system - ooops!  Had they not been able to seat us immediately after we alerted them we would have been mad, but luckily the amazing food and waitstaff made up for this mix up.  A bit of a tip: you're going to want to keep your coat nearby if you are seated near a window as it's an old building and can be a little drafty.
My boyfriend and I shared the wagyu tomahawk chop.  UN REAL. So delicious.  Melt in your mouth delicious.  A little more grizzle than I would have liked for $95, but there are truly no words to describe the tenderness of this cut of meat. We are totally ordering this the next time we come.  We had the lobster mac and the brussel sprouts as our sides - so flavorful.  The bacon in the brussel sprouts is what real bacon should taste like, and they do not skimp out on the lobster in the mac and cheese.  There's a garlicky taste to the mac and cheese, too - but definitely not overpowering.  Just right.
It's worth the price when out celebrating a special occasion.  Everyone should experience this once in their lifetime.This experience was slightly disappointing - a few locals suggested this place to us, so while the food was pretty delicious, the service was terrible. Atmosphere was more casual than expected, which was kind of nice, but I don't need to be told in what order I need to order my food (yes, I want the appetizers and entrees to come out together!) and I also don't need to wait 30 minutes to see if my server will return and fill my glass...smh. What I think was worse was the general lack of concern of staff in general. We tried getting the attention of several wait staff to ask directions for the restroom and were summarily ignored. Hmph.My husband is a HUGE fan of the Wagyu Steak and I really love the Crispy duck breasts! Everything is amazing! The Lobster Mac and Cheese has to be my most favorite side order. I highly recommend it! No complaints.Went last night. 4 of us had lamb, duck, filet, and I had the porterhouse and all 4 of us were "wow" about our meals. Sides and apps were great. Must try the cheesesteak dumplings, they are really a great slice of Philly. 
Its not intimate which I liked, the atmosphere and decor are just perfect. Lots of good steak houses around, this one is near the topI finally got to experience Del Frisco's last Saturday evening. First of all it's probably the most beautiful restaurant I've eaten in. It's so gorgeous and huge in there. We walked up the steps and were seated in this nice balcony area. The experience of eating there alone is amazing.
Now onto the food! I ordered from the Father's Day menu for $55. My meal included a salad to start with, the 8oz filet and a crab cake, and a side of creamed spinach. We also had to get the lobster mac and cheese of course! My steak was cooked perfectly, it was small but filling. I didn't need anything bigger. The crab cake was delicious and filled with mostly lump crab meat as a crab cake should be. The lobster mac and cheese was very tasty too. Wow just wow. We had such a wonderful time here. I'll definitely be back. As a matter of fact I think I'll take my mom here. She deserves something special.The setting (old bank vault) was interesting, but the steak was lacking some flavor and I enjoyed the sides the most.  I'd probably save some money and come here for a cocktail and get some more satisfying, reasonably priced food elsewhere.  Like another review stated, it does get LOUD in here, so if you're planning a quiet dinner, be prepared.Hubby and I celebrated our 25th wedding anniversary this past week, and decided to celebrate at Del Frisco's.   When we arrived, we were amazed at the cavernous feel of the place, the high ceilings, the stone columns and the huge red-draped windows.  It is an absolutely amazing restaurant space,......that is, unless you want to attempt to carry on a conversation without having to shout to the person(s) you're dining with.  We were seated at a table & sat next to each other, and still had to repeat to one another almost every word uttered through the dining experience.   The tables are also very close so that you're also competing with the people seated next to you. Something needs to be done to muffle the sound, because you really can't talk without shouting.  It was also difficult to hear and communicate with our very efficient and eager-to-please waiter, Jake.    He did a really terrific job of describing menu items, specials and the like in a story-telling manner that actually kept me wanting Jake to tell me more!
We shared the shrimp cocktail appetizer with a trio of sauces recommended by Jake (the old standard red cocktail sauce was by far our favorite!) and their signature crabcake in a spicy lobster sauce which was one of the best crabcakes I have ever tasted.  The bread is also delish and they encourage you......no, they force you to break the break with your hands, which felt awkward in such a fine restaurant.   Jake recommended  and Hubby went for the bone-in filet and I did the lobster and we again shared so that we have the quissential "surf and turf" experience.  The lobster tail was a full 14 oz cold water lobster and it was sweet succulent, especially with drawn butter.  The filet was, hubby proclaimed, the best he ever had.  It was flavorful (yes, the bone does indeed impart that additional flavor to a cut that is sometimes flavorless) and you could actually cut it with your fork.  We shared sides of yummy garlicy green beans and these huge onion rings, which were just OK.  Dessert was their 6-layer lemon creme cake, which Jake made sound more delicious than it actually was.
They have a tremendous wine line and lots of very nice selections by the glass.  Jake made a nice recommendation of white wine for me, as I don't care for red.    The coffee is also wonderful, one of the best we've had in a restaurant in a long time.   While many of the hostesses in the restaurant wore skirts they clearly poured themselves into and could barely walk as a result (those 5" heels don't work too well either!), they were nonetheless pleasant and accommodating.  They did, however, really pour on the appeal when a group of men would enter and be seated.  They swayed their way into the dining area to put on a show for their charges until seated.  Overhearing one of the conversations from a table full of said men, they actually thought they had a chance with these cute young women.  Oh well, I guess that's all part of the Del Frisco's show,  cause this ain't a cheap date by any stretch and if you were left paying these hefty prices for the food alone, well golly gosh you'd feel ripped off!  This is definitely just a special occasion place for us.....when we're not talking to one another!I came here for restaurant week with a group of my friends. This was a delicious experience.
First and foremost, make a reservation. This place can get overwhelmingly crowded, but if you make a reservation, they are prompt to seat you (if your whole party has arrived).
The service here is very courteous and friendly. The servers come with a smile and personality. 
For restaurant week, we tried the baby kale salad with sweet walnuts on top and an interesting dressing that reminded me of mustard. It was delicious; a good combination of sweet and savory. The tomato soup was packed with tomato flavor; very strong and a bit sour. It tastes better if you have it with the complimentary bread for the table.
Everyone ordered the 8 oz. filet mignon. It was absolutely delicious! The servers were very quick and attentive to how we wanted it. They even asked us to cut it and make sure it was the exact color we wanted before leaving us to our meal. Great service. The meat came with a side of mashed potatoes, which were packed with good flavor. There was a mix of onions or veggies in there that gave it a perfect addition.
For dessert, we had cheesecake and chocolate mousse. They were pretty average, but a good end to our meal nonetheless. 
We left with full stomachs and we were definitely pleased with the service. It was a bit slower though (probably because it was pretty hectic as it was restaurant week). 
The decor of this place is gorgeous. There are two wine cellars, beautiful curtains that drape the walls, and ceilings that make it look like a museum! There are 2 floors of seating and plenty of round or square tables that accommodate parties of all sizes. Fun fact: This place used to be a bank. 
I will definitely be back for a date when it is not restaurant week!What a beautiful building: the detail on the ceiling and walls is amazing. Love how they converted the old elevator into wine storage--most-expensive at the top!
The crab cake was great: very little filler and heavy on the crab meat. The fried calamari were super crispy. The lobster macaroni and cheese was delicious: plenty of lobster and extremely cheesy. The sautéed mushrooms were full of flavor and not overcooked. The ribeye was cooked perfectly and had good flavor, but my piece was a little sinewy. Not a deal breaker, for sure.
The staff was very polite: I appreciated that they asked everyone to check that their meat was cooked-to-order.
One thing to note: the waitresses' uniforms (i.e., skin-tight, low-cut, black mini-dresses paired with a variety of riffs on fishnet stockings) may appeal to the majority of Del Frisco's clientele (mainly large tables of men), but it might be that eliminating even one of those attributes would raise the class-factor nearer to the ambiance of the building.Different Experience At Night!  The food is really good just don't go on the late night.  We had 10pm reservations and the quality of the food is less than during regular dining hours.  Our sides look like they had sat under a lamp for a while, our salad wasn't fresh, and our lobster Mac was runny.  A waitress asked us how everything was and when my friend said that lobster was rubbery in the mac the lady kept on walking and didn't say anything.  So, don't go on the late night; it's an entire different experience.
When I went at 6:30, the quality of the food was much better.BEST STEAK I'VE EVER HAD.
The food was excellent and the service was phenomenal. I don't even like steak and I loved this place.This has always been marked as a treat yourself spot. The food is delicious and the portions are filling. Downstairs there are rooms for company outings and celebrations. Upstairs on the main level you have most of the normal dining. The hall is grand and the staff is attentive. Price is the only variable for most people deciding to come here.A cut above the competition, del friscos is an excellent location for special occasions and those with wallets too small for all their 50's. Went most recently for my anniversary dinner, and was thoroughly pleased. The interior is a converted old bank, and it actually feels a bit surreal to eat either in the vault or the vast expansive 2nd level. The wine list is a novel. The cheese steak egg rolls are overloaded with cheese, but I think the calamari is the real award winner - a sweet glaze and accompanying slaw compliment an extra crispy exterior with a perfect, non-overcooked piece of squid in every bite. The portion is great. For those non-purists that can appreciate sauces with their steak, the triple filet special has some amazing sauces that had me licking the plate when my girlfriend and server weren't looking. The blue cheese crumble was mouthwatering. The seared tuna has been my go-to twice now- wish they had more sauce than what is in top. The mushroom side was a little salty but still very very good. Thought the gnocchi was average, but I don't generally enjoy creamier sauces.ate here a few days ago and just had to put out a review. the were great with accomodating for kids and their attempts for good service was notable. we came in at 2pm and it seemed weird that they were already serving dinner. it was a total party of five to an otherwise empty room. at first glance at the waitresses you can tell the place is getting desperate. short shorts and fishnet stockings? and extemely amateur. we all just watched and stared how comically this poor lady didn't know how to use the crumb scraper and proceded to just throw the crumbs in all directions literally 3 to 4 feet around the table.took forever to get our orders and drink orders in and to receive them. i guess we just came at a wrong time because we ended up being there for almost 3 hours with huge lags between courses. worse of all the steaks were sooo salty. in the end i wouldn't recommend this place there are better steak houses within walking distance.Went on a double dinner date here during restaurant week, and expected a more romantic atmosphere. Del Frisco's has an extremely bar-type feel to it, and is pretty noisy even at dinner time. We felt kind of out of place amongst the middle-aged and older people, but it was alright.
We got the pork chops, beef medallions, and filet mignon. The mashed potatoes that came with the pork chops were incredible. I think they put chives in it, but whatever it was, it was delicious. Pork chops came out medium, which were perfectly cooked. They were a bit salty, but other than that, it was good. Girlfriend liked the filet mignon, but said she had better.
Their desserts are good (I got the chocolate mousse), but it was a bit too chocolately even for a chocolate lover like me.Took my boyfriend here for his birthday and service was below par for an upper-end steakhouse. My water was not kept at least half full and at one point I had to drink from his glass as we dined on somewhat salty steaks. There were waiters in blue shirts near our table who avoided me flagging them down when we needed water or new napkins. They were busy chatting with each other. Only until the floor manager came out to survey and makes his rounds did the staff look more active and attentive. The food coming out the kitchen was timely and mostly tasty - especially the appetizers. The tuna tartare was on point. I did not like that the floor waiters were being attentive and chatty to certain tables throughout the night when we happened to order a large amount of food. When we were done picking at our food, it took a while before someone came by to give us our check and bag our uneaten side dishes. I would've let this sloppy service slip by if it wasn't my significant other's birthday that night. But it was and I was disappointed with the service level. 
Food = Pretty delicious.
Ambiance = Classy, spacious, and upbeat. 
Service = Kitchen staff on point. Floor staff needs to be more equally attentive and follow up more.First time in Philadelphia I wanted to have a nice thanksgiving dinner so I decided this place according to many reviews. Firstly the atmosphere, this place is stunning the decor and the building itself is beautiful. The staffs were fantastic they were really nice and friendly it was a great experience every time I get to talk to one of them. Only downfall is they are sometimes always around and sometimes a bit hard to find. Now the main part the food. Have to say it was quite a disappointing from reading all the hype reviews about this place. Our appetizer is half shell oysters, a bit old and frozen but still decent tasting so not too much complain on that. Then the main course we got the wagyu 32oz and lobster. Wagyu beef was to die for I can't express how great this meat is. A must try for people with big appetite or share it cause it's a good size for 2. The lobster on the other hand was a huge letdown not only that it tasted funny but they played with it too much i believe they could have done much better job on this. This is the first time in my life to order lobster in a restaurant and not finish it so I recommend not ordering it. Either my tastebuds doesn't agree with most people here or it is seriously just bad. Overall experience was great but until they made a few changes on their seafood products I recommend just sticking with their steaks.Strip outstanding just the right amount of flavor and fat. Share the sides, way too much food for 1. Building beautiful!Short Review:
Food = AWESOME
Wait Service by Gary = AWESOME
So why 3 stars? 
Long Review: 
This was my second stop at DelFrisco's and I remembered how awesome the food was the first time! I suggested this restaurant for my friends for lunch to celebrate one friend leaving the country. We made a reservation and when we arrived (about 10 minutes early) there was so much confusion at the hostess station. Because half of my group was there and the other half went looking for parking, Hostess #1 told us we could not be seated until the full party arrived. Ok, I've heard that before from other restaurants. No big deal. Of course, Center City parking is atrocious, so we knew traffic would be killer. While waiting, more groups arrived leading to more confusion as to which group was which. Hostess #2 pointed her finger at us asking which party we were. My one friend was offended by the pointing but I calmed her down. Another offense was seeing another half group being offered to be seated by Hostess #1! Not that we were waiting 10 minutes standing in the way of the door or nothing... :eyeroll: By this time, our original reservation time arrived. And my half group arrived. I was asked for the third time by Hostess #1 if my party number remained the same. I said "yes" in an obviously irritated tone. Did we transform into indecisive children with no money??  
Now we are waiting to be seated as a whole but Hostess #1 said that our original table was changed because another group wanted to move from their table. So we had to wait once again for the table setting to be changed. Really? The anger fumes were charging up inside. Oh if the wait service was sub par, then I knew it was time to walk out. Oh DelFrisco's hosts, why did you mess up a good thing? It pains me because I work in food service and the hospitality and consideration was NOT there.
Finally seated, the area was chilly and very open! Not that we were looking for seclusion but I surely didn't want to see every guest coming in. This was probably a complaint from the other group. Anyway, our waiter, Gary was awesome. Very knowledgeable, friendly and attentive! Even helped one of my friends who has a tree nut allergy to choose the better, non-lethal dessert for her lol. 
I had the avocado chicken wrap with quinoa and it was very flavorful! My friends had the cheesesteak - a great choice by the way because it was oh so right - cheesy, seasoned well and hot. One other friend had the meatloaf and mashed potatoes. Those potatoes - oh my goodness!! The seasonings with a hint of spiciness and the temperature - delightful. My friend really liked the meatloaf too.
Dessert was great too - I had the cheesecake which was so creamy and smooth with a touch of sweetness. A few other friends had the chocolate mousse which they said was really good. One friend was a bit turned off by the dark chocolate because she wasn't expecting it.
I would come back to DelFrisco's for the food itself! Hopefully there will be a better hosting experience.Went to Del Frisco's for the first time. The only reservation we could get was for a table downstairs in the vault. While it was pretty "removed" from the rest of the restaurant, it was pretty cool and much quieter than upstairs where it was quite noisy.
The food was very good. We had awesome Beef Carpaccio! The 6oz filet was the perfect size for me and was cooked perfectly. We ordered a side dish of onion rings. They were the best onion rings we ever had. Beware!! It is a huge order and perfect for an entire table to share.
Overall, it was a very good experience and I would definetly go back again.The meal and service were great.  My coworker botched our reservation and the hostess was very polite and seated us without fanfare or issue.  The food was better than average, although I think that the steak is overrated and is better elsewhere in Philly.  Also, be prepared if you order a salad as they are huge and more than an appetizer size.  All in all, a good place to eat and the space iteself is really beautiful.I am really disappointed in this place. Met my boyfriend and our two friends right after work and the place was pretty busy. We got our drinks at the bar downstairs and the bartender mentioned going to the upstairs bar, which was less busy so we'd have somewhere to sit. Got a seat. Sat down. The bartender glanced at us multiple times, and basically ignored us for a good ten minutes. I guess we weren't "up to par" to his customer expectations and didn't want to wait on us.We made reservations online on Opentable for my birthday on February 13th. We got there and the hostess couldn't find our reservation. She asked us if we made reservation for the right restaurant. Um....yes I did. Then she asked us if we made reservation for the right city. Um..yeah I'm pretty sure I made it for Philadelphia. I had to show her my reservation on my phone. After that, we got seated after 5 minutes. Our waitress was really nice. The steak that we ordered was perfect. Perfect. Perfect. It had so much flavor. We also ordered the lobster Mac and cheese and it was honestly to die for. I got a little birthday cake, which was cute. Afterwards we walked to the bathroom in the downstairs area and took photos since the restaurant useto be an old bank. Then we chilled at the bar and ordered drinks. Their cocktails were delicious. I enjoyed everything from the moment we sat down to start our dinner. The hostess that night made me take a star away. I definitely made reservations and would not lie about it. And don't ask me if I made it for the right city. I'm definitely not an idiot. Other then that I had a great time here.This is arguably one of the fanciest steakhouses in Philadelphia. While it has a fantastic setting, including a multi-storey wine cellar (its really more of a tower in the middle of the place), this place is where people go to be seen and hob knob. 
It's also very pricey, and even on Restaurant Week ($35 per dinner), three guests racked up a check of $230 after buying one of the cheapest bottles of wine at $50...  If you're feeling flush, they've got $1,000+ options.  The prices aren't for the faint of heart, that's for sure.
The food is described as "heavily salted and peppered" by the waitresses.  I would argue that it may be done to hide some of the flaws.  It was good, not great, and I don't think I would pay $50 for a steak (that you could argubly call au poivre) when the salad, the potato and the bread pudding dessert were the highlights. If you don't like pepper, request less for sure.  The regular menu has varying meat items, a long with some fish.  Expect any of their steaks to run you $30, up to $80 for their Waigu Beef Specialty.
Their individual cocktails will also get you for about $15 apiece.  They are large, probably 10oz martinis, but be wary if you're trying to save a dime (or in the case of this place, $20).
It was good, don't get me wrong.  The atmostphere is awesome, and if you want to be seen, this is a place to do it.  It is also massive, three floors of granite, marble and wood with three bars, space for private events and waitresses in short skirts, ha!   Sadly, doubt I'll return here, especially at full price.  There are other steakhouses in Philly that I would visit at this price-point.My wife and I went here for our anniversary. We arrived about 30 minutes before our reservation and were told our table could be ready then or we could wait. We decided to have a cocktail at their bar before dinner. The bartenders were right on us and made our drinks perfect in no time. Wife had a Martini I had an Old Fashion. When it came time for our reservation time a hostess found us and we were taken to our table that was right behind the bar. 
Our server was very good, knowledgeable about the menus - drinks and food. The food was absolutely excellent. For apps we had Cheese Steak Dumplings that came with a spicy ketchup and Tuna Tartare. For the mains I had the 16oz Veal Porterhouse cooked perfectly medium rare and very flavorful. My wife had Crisp Duck Steak with Chateau Potatoes & Dry Cherry Jus. She enjoyed it and I had a little, it was wonderful. We also had the Lobster Macaroni & Cheese it was very well done not cooked but as in we liked it a lot. 
A couple drawbacks for us are the place is huge and a little loud. We're more of smaller quaint restaurant kind of people. Other places on this level usually ask if you're celebrating anything and if it's your anniversary or what have you, you get a little more TLC. Now that being said we still enjoyed our experience.We went with a group of 8.  Everyone loved their meals.  It was pricey, but the food was delicious and it was a very cool and different atmosphere.  Would highly recommend for a special night out.I took my husband here for his birthday dinner this past Saturday. The place is huge, has a few bars that makes the restaurant pretty noisy. 
The food was delicious; the service was very good and helpful.
Overall we were okay with this place, but if you are going for a more private and less noisy dining experience this would not be the place to go to.
If you do end up going here - for dessert go with the cheesecake - it is simply amazing!!!By far the best steak I've ever had!! 
The lobster Mac and cheese was so good and the cheesesteak dumplings are to die for. Our waitress Sarah was super friendly and attentive and our food/drinks were brought out in a timely manner.
It was slightly scary walking up and down the stairs in high heels to go to the bathroom but other than that this place is definitely 5 stars!!Stopped by during lunch a few times and it was great. The medallions are always cooked to perfection. They haven't messed up medium rare once.
Decor is beautiful, service was topnotch.I loved this place...and I don't even eat steak!
It also helps that I went during Restaurant Week, so our food was dramatically cheaper than normal.
The restaurant was beautiful, with a 2 floor wine cellar behind the bar and giant pillars. The dress code is business casual.
Anyway...I went with 3 of my friends; we had a reservation for 7pm (I suggest making a reservation!) and were seated right away. We all ate from the Restaurant Week menu, I got a baby greens salad with apples and candied pecans which was awesome, and my other friends got the asparagus bisque, which was also really great. For the second course I got salmon, which came with green beans; I was really surprised because it was a normal portion, which was pretty big. My friends got the porkchops and steak, both of which came with mashed potatoes, and thought they were both amazing as well. Finally, we got dessert- chocolate mousse- and it was the best I've ever had. So, in short, I absolutely recommend going to Del Frisco, and you still have a week of Restaurant Week left to do it!Such delicious steak. I went for a small event and the food was phenomenal. We sat in the old vault which felt really private and made the whole experience and vibe even more special. There was no cell service in there either which is a bonus when you deal with distracted people. The wine selection was wonderful too. Will def be backI have to say that I was slightly disappointed by my experience here. I came for restaurant week last week, and had the salad, 8 oz. filet mignon, and cheesecake.
The salad was large, but otherwise not memorable. I ordered medium for the filet mignon, and it was definitely over-cooked. The meat itself seemed sub-par. For future diners, I would err on the side of going undercooked and order a medium rare if you want medium. The cheesecake was a thin slice (which was fine because I was so full at this point), and tasted more like whipped cream than anything else. The pecan crust however was pretty tasty.Del Frisco's Double Eagle Steak House.               Just moved to Philadelphia from San Francisco.  I'm sorry I hope this is not what Philadelphia consider's fine dining. The au gratin potatoes came to our table burnt on the bottom.  They should've been thrown in the trash not delivered to our table. In a good restaurant the server would not have let that come to our table. Everyone owning a crumber does not make it classy.    The steaks and lamb were just OK.  This is not fine dining. I've heard great things about the Philadelphia food scene.  I'm just disappointed that I started here.The restaurant itself is in a great location, and the atmosphere and decor are second to none. The staff is very friendly and personable. As a frequent client they always remember me by name which further enhances the experience. I have yet to be in town for dinner at Del Frisco's, but every working lunch that I've had has been terrific. The price is quite moderate considering the location and the food itself. It is a terrific place for lunching with a client or business associate, and they are sure to impress.Again, another fine dining experience at Del Frisco's.  I highly recommend the business lunch special during the week.Beautiful restaurant, friendly staff, it is an upscale place. We only had one steak dish that came out too salty, but everything else was great! Def try the Sesame Seared Tuna. I do wish the desserts were a bit more interesting for the cost.Yelp's 2-star rating of "Meh. I've experienced better" is the perfect way to describe my experience at Del Frisco's.
I took my husband here for his birthday and honestly, I don't think either of us would ever go back.  The atmosphere and the wait staff are probably the only good things about this place. The food is a different story. 
Simply put, don't come to Del Frisco's if you want to have at least a decent steak. We each ordered a different type of steak (a filet and a porterhouse) and both of them were EXTREMELY peppery.  They were way over-seasoned, as if they were trying to overcompensate for something.  As for the temperatures, my husband asked for rare, and it was definitely closer to medium when it came out.
As for sides, we got the lobster mac and cheese and spinach supreme, which were both OK, but not the best I've ever had. Nothing really to write home about. 
To top it off, we asked to take home our steaks and sides.  You think "hey, I'm at a really expensive steak house, they will wrap this up nicely for me."  WRONG.  They wrapped everything in tin foil, including our liquidy spinach. If we were at a pub, I might expect something like that, but at a fine dining establishment where you drop over $50 per head, the least they could have done was shell out some decent containers for our doggie bags.  
Moral to the story, don't let the awesome ambiance fool you into dining at Del Frisco's.  The quality of the food is certainly not worth the price tag, and frankly, there are plenty of far superior steak houses in the city (Capital Grille, Butcher & Singer, Morton's).We had a group of 20 in the back of the Vault. Our server Jenny was fantastic! She was extremely attentive, funny, and took care of everything.
At least five people from our group told me: "it's the best steak I've ever had!" I agree. We had the fillet, 16 oz. Ribeye, and 16 oz strip steaks, but the best part was yet to come. The cheesecake we had for dessert was TO-DIE-FOR!!!
I will go back again and bring my family. What a great experience!LOVE THIS PLACE....i love it so much I go once a week. The staff is great and the food is even better!!! Go with a group or just a friend the portions and drinks are amazing.Beautiful location, excellent food and wonderful staff. Second time visiting this Del Frisco's and it did not disappoint. My husband had prime rib with lobster on top; I had filet mignon. Absolutely delicious! We ordered the creamed spinach and potatoes au gratin as our sides, which were also wonderful. Would absolutely recommend this restaurant for a nice dinner and/or special occasion.Okay, the wife are celebrating three years and even though the reviews were a bit off and on we decided to dine here. First, the decor is beautiful, but to my wife lacked some warmth and extra coziness. We were seated and told the specials although our waiter left off some (lobster) that we overheard at another table. So, we order shrimp cocktail with three sauces. It passed, but it did not blow us away. The Cesar salad was pretty good and the Green Goddess dressing my wife had on her salad was great. Her salad was mediocre at best. Onto the dining... We decided on a steak (for her) and salmon for me. Lobster mac, broccoli and onion rings. I know...alot, but hey that is what leftovers are for...right? THE STEAK WAS SALTY AND OVER COOKED! I ate the steak (I like mine more on the medium well side) and she ate the salmon. After waiting for a steak experience of a life time, Del Frisco's fell through. SORRY....The steak was not MEMORABLE AT ALL. The saving grace to this meal was the mac and cheese...for that alone I would return, but for a 243 dollar bill...I was not amused. 
Another aspect, the wait staff hovers like helicopters on crack. They were very attentive to our Governor sitting across from us and Andy Reid, but honestly it was quite spooky. 
Oh, the cheesecake was to die for.  I would go back for that maybe.Just returned home from a wonderful anniversary dinner- we come every year to celebrate. Chris was our waiter and he was excellent! Just wanted to leave a note giving him props for his wonderful service this evening. As always, thanks Del Frisco's!my first time here. jeff johnson, the server is AMAZING. such a sweetheart and very informative. not only do i recommend the lobster mac and cheese, and the vanilla cake for dessert, but i also recommend asking for jeff upon arrival!!! he's young & fun (ladies, looking at you!!!)Had a great experience here celebrating Mother's Day. The food is amazing and service was great.Steak is amazing and the lobster Mac and cheese was the best I've ever had. Will be back!While I was only here for the restaurant week lunch menu, it was a great experience. Not as intimate as one would hope as they seem to be structured more for the business meeting crowd during the day, but the friendly staff and delicious food make up for it! Would love to try again for dinner sometime soon!I came here to treat my grandmother, mother and aunty for Mother's Day and we had excellent service. Had reservation beforehand, unfortunately we were running late but everything worked out just peachy. The food was fresh and delicious. We had the cheese steak dumplings, tuna tar-tar, rib eye, salmon duck and sea bass and more. Everything was cooked perfectly just the way we wanted and brought out in a reasonable time.I have to say they have the best steak in philly! My husband travel to Europe pretty often and he agreed that this is the best steak that he had so far. Love this place so much. Staffs are very friendly and responsive. The price is fairly reasonable. Will definite visit this steakhouse more often!My favorite steak house in the city.  Bone in Filet, mashed potato, asparagus , Caesar  salad... HEAVEN!Stunning architecture inside the building but the music playing didn't match the atmosphere. I couldn't help but roll my eyes when Fall Out Boy came on. I wanted my steak to feel sexy and I wanted to feel sexy with some appropriate music for a fancy night out. 
Belvedere intense martini with blue cheese stuffed olives was perfection! Old Fashioned that followed was just as delicious. 
Oyster appetizer was yummy and salty but they sure were tiny. 
Crab cake appetizer was AMAZING! One of the best I've had outside of Maine/Maryland. 
Steak was cooked perfectly med-rare and was great, however the dry rub was drowning the beautiful cut of meat in seasoning which didn't enhance the flavor but hindered it. I'm not sure if they have a more lightly seasoned cut available but I wouldn't return for steaks if not. 
I would not recommend the chocolate lava cake and butter cake for dessert. Blah. 
Overall a nice dinner for a special occasion.Hosted a business luncheon today at the Del Frisco's Double Eagle Steak House in downtown Philadelphia in a historic building. The venue is incredible, very spacious, beautiful and architecturally stunning. 
Service at the bar and table was flawless. Tina (Mgr) welcomed our group and I appreciated the extra touch of class. 
They offer a wide selection of lunch menus, feedback from everyone,  entrees were perfect and served at appropriate temperature. 
The experience, venue and food were stellar. Thank you.Without a doubt the best steak house in the city! Although it is a chain, Del Friscos has more of the feel of an independent restaurant.  
I have been for drinks and app several times, but was just there this Friday for my work Christmas Party which consisted of over 150 people.  The service was on point.  My filet was delicious, the way it is charred is amazing and it was cooked to perfection. Medium was Medium!
The cocktails are amazing - the VIP is always a favorite which several people I was with had.  I need to find out what the champagne that they were serving was, because it was perfect.
The ambiance is great! Perfect for a date night.  We were downstairs in the vault which is great for private parties.
I will 100% be back!Love the VIP drinks....my favorite...food is good too, but have begun to frequent the bar with my girlfriends moreso.  Fun place to meet good people from around town and the bartenders are fun!I have to say WOW. Great food. Very cool architecture.  Really great place.  We had a group of seven for dinner.  John was our waiter, he was attentive and did a great job.  All of the food was excellent.  One steak came out cooked a bit more than we liked.  They brought a new Waygu steak and    It was perfect.  They gave us the steak free and gave us deserts.  I will definitely go back.  Superb dining!Went here for a work event.  The decor was amazing, but the service was awful - we had about a 15-20 minute wait between courses.  And the food was not the impressive.  The crab cakes were essentially balls of crab meat, which is not what I was expecting or wanted.  Stick to the steak.The ambiance here is just incredible...50+ foot ceilings with huge marble columns, the center of the restaurant is a gigantic bar with a wine cellar that reaches all the way to the ceiling. There is such a regal feel to this place. 
Expect to pay outrageously high prices. The spirit list runs deep: you can find about 40 single malts (averaging $20) and 20 bourbons on the list along with an assortment of vodkas. The Cesar salad is quite good, but not prepared table-side and there were no anchovies, which I would have liked. NY Strip ($47) is cooked to perfection and not a piece was left over. My plate was so clean that you couldn't tell there was ever a meal on it....delicious! The lobster Mac-n-cheese is just insanely good, along with the creamed spinach and sauteed mushrooms. I would pass on the potatoes au grautin.
4 adults ordered 8 cocktails, 3 salads, 1 soup, 4 NY Strips, and 4 side dishes....$585 with gratuity. It's an expensive night out, but all of the food is cooked to perfection. I love going here but think that the prices are a little out of control, hence 4 stars.Steak is very, very, very low on the list of things that I enjoy eating.
But it was my husband's birthday and he wanted to try Del Frisco's, so I was forced to oblige.  But I was pleasantly surprised on how great of a dining experience I had.
The first thing I noticed was how absolutely gorgeous the interior of this building is.  It was previously a bank (in fact, you can go downstairs into the vault, which is super cool).  What is up with old banks being the coolest buildings ever?  Why isn't that done anymore?  What is Bank of America doing with the huge fees I pay them?  Hmm....
Upon sitting, we were greeted by our waitress, Justina, who was very friendly and an absolute delight during the entire meal.  Since it was a weeknight, we decided to nix the bottle of wine and just get a glass each.  But for those of you oenophiles, their wine bottle listing is amazing.  Make sure to check out the wine "cellar" behind the bar. 
For our meals, we ordered a crab cake with cajun lobster sauce to start, a 8 oz filet (for me), a ribeye (for him), an order of creamed spinach, and an order of mashed potatoes (they have funky highbrow names for these two, but I can't, for the life of me, remember them).  By far, the star of the meal was the crab cake.  The sauce on top was one of the most delicious things I've ever eaten.  For my next visit, I fully intend on ordering two crab cakes and ditching the steak.  
Speaking of the steak, mine was good.  Like I said, I'm not a huge steak person, but it was tasty, cooked perfectly, and I enjoyed it.  My husband called his steak "the best steak I've ever eaten".  Birthday boy was happy, so mission accomplished.
The creamed spinach was just ok (I've had better at Boston Market) but the potatoes were awesome, with a slight kick to them.  One area they can improve on is their bread.  It was cold and didn't taste freshly baked.
Overall, I really liked Del Frisco's.  Definitely one of the better steak dinners I've ever eaten.  I think if I was to go back, I'd try to hit up their happy hour.  From what I hear, it is a great deal.I have been here a few times for lunch and every time has been enjoyable. 
The steak sandwich is very good, as are the fries. 
One time they made a mistake and threw out my fries after I asked for them to be boxed. I didn't find out until the next day when I went to eat the leftovers. I called them and let them know what happened and they replaced my entire meal!  Excellent customer service. This is how a restaurant of this dinning level should be functioning.
I would recommend this place to a friend.I went there recently for a business dinner. The food was excellent. The bread was soft and yummy. The staff was kind and great at keeping our drinks full and every need met. I really liked the decor of the vault and of the whole restaurant. The main issue I have is the bathrooms. They have a bathroom attendent in the Men's room who is super creepy. ( I heard from a female co-worker that the women's room is the same) I felt like I was in a a NYC nghtclub with all the cologn, candy, cigars, male + female attendant in the men's room. This made it super awkard and not classy. In addition, the attendant looked like a pimp and greeted us inappropriately. I am not opposed to bathroom attendants, but someone needs to calm this overzealous guy down.If I could rate this 6 stars I would have. Delfriscos blew my mind out the Water for the second time. I've visited plenty of high end restaurants and I work at a very high end restaurant myself(Mortons Steakhouse) but this place is hands down my favorite place to go to. As a server at a high end restaurant you criticize any other restaurant for their service, (Gabrielle) my server did a really great job taking care of me on my birthday. From the Maitre D to the bus staff, everyone very professional. The thing that blew my mind out the water was that it was a full house. Bar and dining room full, people were standing around the bar because they couldn't get a seat and i still got VIP service. Ambiance is on another level based on an old bank the scenery is so awesome, you must go downstairs to check out the old vault they use for private dining. The food is amazing. Started off my night with a nice coravin glass of "Les Pommiers" by makers of Far niente. For apps, I got the cheesesteak dumplings with sriracha ketchup which are a must get, chilled shrimp cocktail and jumbo lump crab cake all were really good. My steak (NY strip) was cooked perfectly Medium rare topped it off with king crab truffle butter, one of the best steaks I've ever had. My side dishes were king crab gnocchi and lobster Mac and cheese, heart attack but well worth it. For dessert they brought me out butter scotch cheese cake and banana bread pudding for my birthday with two del's delight after dinner drinks everything was amazing sadly I was too full to enjoy but I did take a couple bites. Seriously never write reviews but after 3 months after going, I still reminisce and I'm definitely going back !Oh my god my anniversary dinner at this place was beyond beautiful food was amazing service was great I definitely will be going back there!!!!!My husband and I went here on a Friday night for valentine day. The food was great, they placed us in a smaller size wine cellar. The waitress was nice although you can tell she was new and nervous. She lacked the knowledge of the menu.The food was not the best I have taste . Especially for the priceWow this was my first time here and I will love to go again. I went here for lunch and the lunch special was such great deal. Salad and a main entrée for only $20. Considering the prices for a regular priced meal here, this was great news. I uploaded a picture of the lunch time special for March 2016; it's definitely worth checking out & isn't available online. The restaurant was pretty empty at noon on a Thursday. The people and bartender were oh so friendly. Very attentive, made sure my meal was exactly the way I asked for it. The Sesame Shrimp over Crab Fried Rice was my entrée of choice. It was beyond delicious! And the size proportion was large! I tired the Del's Manhattan margarita. It was good and also very very strong. The food & mega deals you will receive here should be enough to get you out the door and in Del Frisco's.I've been to the Del Friscoes in Boston and the Grill and now this one...this chain does not disappoint!
I've always had a great experience and this was no different. Ever member of the staff was fantastic. Shout out to Corbin for taking such good care of us! He was so knowledgable about the menu so this review will be littered with fun facts.
We started off with the VIP cocktail, which is just orange vodka soaked in a pineapple for 2 weeks...yes please. 
They start you off with this melt in your mouth crusty bread. I wish I asked for some to go.
I didn't see any appetizers that really appealed to me so my bf agreed to split the onion rings.  They are Yuengling beer battered.
My bf got a filet mignon and I got a salad, but we shared the lobster mac and cheese cooked in truffle oil and fresh sauteed spinach. You must try the mac n cheese.
The only thing that threw me off was the bathroom was dark as hell. Ladies if your on a date bring a flashlight so you can properly check your makeup because you will not be able to see with that lighting.
Other than that I will be back!