Love this place! Great food from the apps to the dogs from all around the world, to the great sides. Plus, they've got an amazing happy hour. Highly recommend.Really cool unique spot. Amazing gourmet dogs, nice bar, solid draft list, a pool table and baggo/corn hole for entertainment. Hope this place does well.Destination Dogs is actually a destination. Having only read (stalked) the menu previously, I was a little taken back to see what a formal establishment it was. There was a host, a formally dressed server to go with the table service and candlelight. And here I thought I was just going to a hotdog shop with a bar. 
Having a gator obsession, I had to go with the Andouille Armstrong, which was a combined gator-shrimp hotdog with cabbage, tomatoes, jalapeno remoulade, scallions and a lemon wedge on top. My husband went with the Hebrew Hammer, which included a beef hotdog topped with potato latkes, onion and mustard. 
After placing our order, it took a really long time for our food to come out. During that time, we second guessed the portion size and if we needed a side or appetizer. We also contemplated a beer, although we really weren't there to drink that night. These are gourmet dogs, but is the wait warranted? Apparently, not. Without a single complaint and complete patience on our part, our server took 50% off our check at the end of the meal and told us this wasn't the normal timetable. Phew, that's a relief. 
So our food came and our side second guessing was laid to rest. This was not your tiny wiener from a hotdog stand. We had before us sausage sandwiches. I'm in the camp that the insides make the meal, but that luscious, toasty roll made a great thing even better.  Bonus points for each dog coming with a small side of chips. 
The gator was no NOLA gator, but still really tasty nonetheless.  Between a hearty dog, a stellar roll and fun toppings, the Andouille Armstrong was a wiener...I mean winner. 
I'm so intrigued by so many of the fun hotdog combinations and meats (kangaroo, I'm looking at you, mate!) Their beer list had a few brews that caught my eye to warrant an elongated visit. 
As their name eludes, this chain knows what it takes to be a destination hotdog spot that can be fun, intriguing and a place you'd want to hang around for longer than it would normally take it eat a hotdog.Dogs are a novelty in many places, but at Destination Dog they get quite serious. I've never seen or eaten such a well orchestrated hot dog that is so uniquely and elegantly thought out. I ate the Charles Dog Gaulle from the international side of the menu and it was great. While I would still recommend they somehow have a basic cheeseburger available in case you are with a friend that doesn't dine in dogs, I think this bar is fun and good eating. My next attempt is a python dog (yes that is correct).Good stuff.  Disclaimer:  I don't really eat meat, so some of the more interesting creations are lost on me.  I've had the veg-dog and the python thing without the python -- both delicious.  Not sure if i'm just special, but it was impossible to eat the veg-dog without looking like a child and getting sauce and samosa-potatoes all over my hands and stuff.  I think the bun was too big and the whole dawg was a little unwieldy.  I ate it all, though, and was very full.  The boys both got two dogs, which seemed a little crazy to me.  The Paul Bunyan smelled like delicious breakfast.
Decent draft selection (though we had to ask, and the waiter had to show us on his serving tablet, which was a little awkward) and friendly service.  Probably 4.5 stars but not perfect because of too many meaty selections.Stumbled upon this gem of a place while visiting Philly for the day. What a interesting concept! The menu consists of many interesting "hot dog" choices each associated with an airport 3 letter code and inspired by the destination from domestic to international, prices ranging from around $8-$14. But don't let the pricetag scare you because they are more than substantial dogs.  
I tried the following:
Howlamo: Wild boar sausage w/ pork belly, chicharrones, baconaisse, scallions. Highly recommend. my only concern was that after a few bites it was quite heavy and salty, could be improved with some kind of acidic/sweet sauce.  Super filling.
Kansas city beefs: Pork sausage w/ pulled BBQ beef short ribs, coleslaw. Great choice of sweet BBQ with the savory sausage. 
All sausages made in house and bread baked on premises. The bread was a real highlight, double toasted and did a great job containing the ingredients inside.Interesting concept "hotdogs" w differences toppings. It was not bad. I got the Israel - The beef hotdog was nothing special but the latkes were good. I forgot what my friend ordered. Also a beef hotdog 2 grilled onions topping which was okay. I just thought if the concept of the restaurant is around hotdog - the main star should shine more instead of the toppings. The loc is superb, we picked there bc we were catching a show over the Forrest theatreWalked here after visiting the Liberty Bell and Independence Hall. It was on our way to where we parked. When we entered we saw the bar but also a dine in area. We were seated and only waited briefly for our server. 
My son and I chose one of the items off the menu. My daughters created their own dog. My son had the Scarlet  Bite and enjoyed it. I had the Rocky Balboara, it was delicious. He was able to finish his, I however was unable to finish mine. I did take it home to finish later.
While I did not see a specific children's menu, due to the food choices, my children liked the food. Other children would like it as well. One of the tvs in the bar was on a kid friendly, cartoon channel and while they may not be able to hear it they would be able to enjoy it. My son and one of my daughters would periodically glance at the screen.
The atmosphere was inviting. The food delicious. The service was phenomenal. I see us visiting again.Been to both locations, and they both rock!!!
Food is dynamite, drinks are awesome and the service is world class!!!I was fortunate enough to attend the Yelp Elite Event as my husbands +1! I started off  the evening with the peach pit cocktail made with a quite  delicious homemade peach tea vodka. We were then served an array of appetizers...Bavarian pretzels, wings, scotch eggs and the must have patatas ridiculas which lives up to its name! After this a platter of their famous dogs arrived to share. The conquistadog (chorizo) , bun mi (Cantonese sausage), the rocky-bal-Boara (wild boar) and the one-bite-in Bangkok (Python) were fully enjoyed by our adventurous yelpers. Being somewhat unadventurous I tried the Hebrew hammer, the scarlet bite and the cyclone. They were all made with all beef hot dogs and each one was delicious. Then came dessert. The Mississippi mud pie and bread pudding were the perfect ending to our meal. Thanks Robin for inviting us to this wonderful eventI have to say, this is one of my favorite places to eat. The food, atmosphere, and workers, make this place warm, inviting, and delicious! They serve a litany of different types of gourmet hot dogs with a wide  range of toppings. There dogs range from beef dogs to Alligator dogs, all of which, can come custom made, or you can choose from a  chef   inspired preconfigured combination. Every Dog I've had from here has been great! Even there other non hot dog offerings are really good to eat. The workers are all friendly, and engaging. They quickly and effectively guide you though the ordering process. I think they have one of the most knowledgeable bartending staff, who are not only friendly and fun, but the also enjoy telling you how your drink was made and the history of the drink. They even do a great job of recommending  great drinks based on drinks you like ( I sometimes find that bartenders in other establishments have a hard time accomplishing that task). I truly enjoy myself every time I go!5 Stars.
Yes, Destination Dogs is getting 5 stars. Not because it's the best 'food' I have ever eated, but because they're the best weiners I have ever eaten. For being a hotdog place, DD deserves 5 stars. 
My favorite: The Mighty Duck. Some may say because the movies is one of my favorite past times, but no, this weiner is seriously juicy. Like, crazy juicy. It's incredible. If I really had to nitpick, I'd say that the scallions are a bit 'stringy' - but I won't be 'that guy.' It's just good. 
The Truffle Fries. Ok, they use truffle oil, and I typically HATE truffle oil, but these things are kind of good! 
Scotch Egg. Yes. Yes. And Yes. One of the best I have had and the mustard sauce is killer.
I have also had a few other dogs, and they were all juicy with a nice snap. Just get what you're in the mood for and you probably won't be disappointed!
P.S. Sorry for using 'weiner' so much - it's my inner child coming out.I am so glad these guys opened up another new location! The food here is expertly prepared, fresh, and TO DIE FOR. The service is friendly. The atmosphere here is a little more sophisticated than the one in New Brunswick. It has a ton of fun games to play if you are waiting for a table. I definitely recommend going here!Cool spot for a custom and unique dog.
20+ menu item dogs themed around cities and "destinations" around the world. For the adventurous kind they have hotdogs made of meat from steak to snake and everything in between. Every dog is 100% customizable and can be made on a vegetarian dog base.  
The staff was friendly, informative and patient with our indecisiveness even at 1am (open till 2).
We ended up being cautious and ordered the Chicago dog to compare with a recent trip to the Windy City. Our second option of the taco dog was not our best choice. Flavors of salsa, onion and cilantro were masked with copious amount of liquid cheese, more like a nacho and a mess to eat!
The dog itself is quality meat although the oversized generic bun was lackluster. Toppings were generous and overall a cool experience. It's likely a one time stop for us but I'd Recommend for hot dog lovers and late night bites.Last night was our first time here.  I had heard of this place on the tv or radio or something and thought it sounded interesting.  My wife and I split a scotch egg for an app and split five different dogs. The bar also has interesting artisan cocktails, and miller lite.  The quality of the food was awesome, these dogs are homemade, and they are served on house made buns. The interior is brand new and modern with an upscale feeling. Our server was attentive and  knowledgeable.  We will definitely be back with friends!Service wasn't bad just a little off. But the Rocky I ate was phenomenal.
Truffle fries were amazing and the crab artichoke dip was perfectThe food was great, but I'm leaving a review because of how impressed I was with the service. We ordered from GrubHub and the delivery was terrible (on GrubHub's part) but someone at Destination Dogs (Sean, I believe), remade our food for us for free after the driver arrived 2 hours later because it had been sitting there for so long. Thank you!This is definitely a great place to go for hotdogs! Previously I would have to compromise for shake shack if I wanted hotdogs. But now destination dogs is opened, I am definitely going back when I want hotdogs. Great service and a variety of selections for dogs!While I do feel bad about eating a kangaroo and alligator, I can't lie; they were delicious! I highly recommend the kangaroo hot dog! Gamey, kinda like buffalo. The alligator and shrimp dog tasted like chicken, not gonna lie. 
My friend and I went around 2 pm on a Wednesday. There were plenty of seats and almost no one there. Perfect for lunch!
The staff was very friendly and not overbearing at all!
5/5!Such a cool place! The menu is super creative and based around airports, and the food was delicious. I recommend the Boston Red Hots dog! It has baked beans, coleslaw and scallions... My brother opted for the snake  sausage! That was delicious as well. 
Staff was really nice too.This place is pretty awesome, for a number of reasons.
1).  Beer selection: Widely varied, hitting all the major styles.
2).  Location: At 11th and Walnut, it's a bit off the beaten track for the Center City bar scene, while still being close enough to hop around if you want.  Also, it doesn't really stand out from the sidewalk; these attributes combine to make it less bustling and cramped than other places in Center City.
3).  Food: This is where Destination Dogs really shines.  Obviously, the hot dogs--which are actually high-quality housemade sausages--are all delicious, and the "airport" theme plays really well.  Plus, where the hell else are you going to have a duck, python, alligator, or kangaroo sausage?!  The appetizers are incredible, too--I particularly recommend the patatas ridiculas, which is exactly what it sounds like: ridiculous potatoes.  So good.
The only reason Destination Dogs doesn't land a 5-star rating for me is the price; it's definitely priced as a Center City restaurant--in Yelp parlance, toward the high side of two $'s.  Two people getting a dog each, sharing an app, and getting one or two drinks can quickly run up quite a bill.  That said, it's totally worth it.Was there on a Sunday night.  Place was fairly empty.  In terms of staff being friendly, this place needs help.  I sat at the bar and didn't get much attention at all.  Pretty sure I didn't have a scowl on my face.  I got the ORD dog(Chicago Dog) which was great.  The salad was also great.  The fried potato chips could have just been left off of the plate.  They tasted horrible.  I think that oil needs to be changed every so often.  I don't even think anyone asked me how my food was.  So at that point, I just asked for my check.
I might try this place one more time.  I liked the concept of the place.  Staff needs to step up their game to make people feel welcome.Went to Destination Dogs Walnut Street for lunch after my friend cancelled on me. I really wanted to try it anyway. Nice room, high ceilings, lots of space. The bar is fairly good size with about 15 seats and there are also tables in the bar area to sit and have a meal without being at the bar. Dining room to the right has a good number of tables but not huge like a typical chain. Game room in the back past the bar if you want to play pool or hockey or some other such game.
Waited on by the bartender Anna. Order a glass of Malbec (9.50) to start then took some time to peruse the menu. The appetizer section is called "Carry-ons". There are options like deviled eggs, scotch egg, wings, pretzels, sausages, and crab and artichoke dip to choose from. I chose the dip ($9.00) and when it was brought to me I realized it was enough for two people. I wish that Anna had told me that because I might have chosen a smaller first course. I soldiered on though , getting through most of the dip which is thick and rich with cream cheese as well as a nutty, creamy, slightly sweet fontina cheese and fresh crabmeat. wasn't as chunky as I had expected. Definitely a smoother consistency but the taste was great. One small hiccup in the service. At DD, the kitchen doesn't course the orders, as in first course, second course,etc. The food gets made when it is ordered so my entree came out when I wasn't even halfway through the appetizer. The sandwich sat in front of me while I moved the dip to the side and had to eat them simultaneously. I would have preferred some time in between courses to clear my palate and enjoy the Malbec. A minor flaw that perhaps can be rectified in the future when the place gets busier.
The entrees are separated into the categories of "Domestic Dogs" from places like New York, Maui, Florida, Minnesota, and New Mexico, and "International Dogs" from Germany, Australia, Chile, Thailand, Greece, and France among other places. All have their own unique toppings with ingredients from their particular regions. Like the German one has bratwurst with sauerkraut, France has duck sausage with duck confit, and the Los Angeles has chicken sausage with avocado. They all have fun names like "Miami Hound Machine" and Charles Dog Gaulle. I chose the Paul Bunyan ($7.50) from Minnesota- Breakfast sausage w/ fried potatoes, bacon, maple syrup, topped w/ a fried egg! It was excellent! Like eating breakfast and lunch at the same time. You can also create your own order-"Pilot your own dog" as the menu says, choosing from all beef ($3.50), pork sausage ($6.00), duck sausage ($8.00), and spanish chorizo ($6.00), among others, and then pick what toppings you want with your dog. Many of the toppings come with the meal but there is a charge for things like cheese, avocado, and bacon. Also available are side dishes such as truffle fries ($5.00), potato latkes with sour cream ($4.00), and chili fries, among others.
All in all I enjoyed my first venture to Destination Dogs.My lunch was about $35.00 with two courses and two glasses of wine.This location has only been open six months so it is still evolving. Hopefully they will get the food coursing system in place to avoid people feeling rushed to eat and leave and the service will need to be helpful as far as menu information. These are minor details that can easily be remedied. I will definitely be back in the future.I returned here recently and ended up getting food and beer. It is a really cool space, very modern with a nice big bar and spacious place to grab a table if that's yo thang. We weren't even planning on getting food there, but the dogs looked so banging and affordable we had to give it a go. Also, TRUFFLE FRIESSSSSSSS. So good. I think probably the best truffle fries either of us had ever tried. Plus everything is MTO which is great bc the gourmet dogs all come with a lot of things on them so they're cool if you want it without this or that. And theyre on like fancy bread bun things that are stronk enough to hold all the good-good on the dog. Also the (i think assistant manager) Chris was great at interacting with his customers and made fans outta us for sure.The hot dog, an all American favorite (especially when deep fried!). 
Stopped in for a bite during our Gay Pride people watching outing. I got The Chicago Bull, which is an all beef dog with onions, tomato, pickle, green relish, hot peppers, yellow mustard with a Left Hand Peach Beerini Ratler. Hit the spot! Love the roll/split thick piece of white bread vessel it came in/on. My friend got The Oscar with some veggie dog... she said that it was good, but the "sausage" tasted like "deep fried mush" - IDK. 
Anyway, we also split truffle fries and enjoyed the sites.This is a nice place! I would definitely go here to shoot pool and play corn hole indoors.Haven't tried the food yet, but my friends and I came here for drinks the night before Thanksgiving. We loved cornhole and the pool table in the back. The beer list was decent. The only thing I'd say is this place is almost too big. The night we were there was pretty dead, and the waiters looked bored. Perhaps it was just because of the holiday. 
But I like the vibe of this place and will definitely be back.Destination dogs is a cleverly themed hot dog restaurant that serves regionally flavored hot dogs that give you a taste of the world! Hot dogs are somewhat expensive for their size but I guess you're paying for the experience. I would say 2 hotdogs would leave you full. Out of the five hotdogs for our party of two, the LA dog and Greek dog were my favorites. The only one I didn't care for was the German one. The hot dogs were served with chips. Everything was presented beautifully and service was good as well. This would be a great place to hang with friends or go on a casual date. A great feature is that they have a cornhole toss, foosball table, and arcade games to play while you wait! All in all 5/5 and I look forward to coming here again!Great food have fun choosing so many too chose from just order and never look back lol. Friendly staff manager was super nice. Arcade in the back nothing crazy simple machines. Overall I love placeAnother new place that opened and this place is almost perfect.  My wife and I met some friends and we were seated on a Wednesday night.  The waiter was friendly, but the bar service seemed a bit slow.  We couldn't quite decide on what to have, so my wife and I informed the waiter that we wanted to split three dogs.  We got a Python, and Alligator and Shrimp, and Duck sausage.  Our friends food arrived a few minutes before ours and I thought it was weird the entire tables food didn't come out together.  
Our three dogs were on one plate and they were all perfectly cut in half.  We received one portion of chips though, even though each sausage comes with one portion.  Also, a bit weird. but maybe we didn't need the chips with all of the food we were going to consume.  
I ate the Alligator and shrimp sausage first and that was a mistake with the jalapeno remoulade on it...  It was a nice hit of spice, but the spice flavor lingered in my mouth for a bit.  I tried Python next and it was good, but not special, other than the ability to brag I ate python.   The mighty duck sausage with duck confit, chicharrones, and sesame seeds was the perfect ending to my meal.  We'll be back and am looking forward to their other creations.I watched Seth Rogen's "Sausage party" a few days ago. It was a terrible movie, but it left me craving hot dogs. Luckily, Destination dogs popped up in place of the former Farmer's cabinet near 11th and Walnut a few months ago, and we had to give it a try! The restaurant is welcoming and relaxing, with a travel theme. Apparently, the variations on travel are inspired by the owner's travels across the world. I had the Colombian and Israeli hot dogs, and thought that they were creative and tasty! A unique take on a dish we don't usually see served in such a upscale atmosphere.Very nice place to stop by if you like hot dogs. Great prices with a variety of artisan dogs-- selected combos or build your own. The restaurant is very big and even has a game room in the back. Service was very good. I would have given it 5 stars if the food came out warmer.The kind of hotdogs that make you wonder why no one ever loved you enough to feed you so well.
You want a python dog, alligator & shrimp dog, kangaroo?! And i suppose you want it made on site and housed soundly in a fresh baked bun?
Done, go now or the next chance you've done anything of merit, order a Yards IPA and ruin every other hotdog you may try to eat for the rest of your life.
Seriously one of the best meals in Philly... 
I gotta say, just finished a road trip to Nebraska that featured only specialty hotdog joints and single source coffee roasters and i was surprised to discover that Destination Dogs never left my #1 spot.
Damn good!Wow this place is amazing. I'm back home for my moms surgery in downtown Philly and i found this amazing place. Full bar, and two columns of hot dogs/sausages from around the US and other countries. It is insane the diff flavor options. They even have scotch eggs which i love! The service is fast and friendly and the food is amazing. I am so happy i stumbled upon this place. If you are in Philly, check out this trendy gem! They are open from noon to 2am so it doesn't matter what time you are hungry for something that can be so simple made with so many extras it's insane. This place has every add on you can think of for a dog (sausage, boar, python sausage, alligator and shrimp sausage) the options are endless. It's defiantly a must try. They even have vegan options. Simply amazing.I love hotdogs so I had to check this place out on my last trip to Philly. A glass of wine with my hotdog? Yes please! The whole concept is great and I had the Hawaii and Argentina hotdogs and deviled eggs. Have to find something like that in Nyc.Really good hot dogs!!! I got the Chicago Bull and enjoyed it a lot. Nice ambiance and excellent service. Would definitely eat there again if I'm ever back in Philly.Super fun! Great interesting menu of food an drinks that are reasonably priced. Hidden fact is that they have a game room in the main area with darts, pool and buck hunter. Had a scotch egg and a hotdog with pineapple. very good.Can't say enough good things about DD. I frequent the location by me in New Jersey but wanted to try the new Philly location while I was in town. Different vibe from the New Brunswick location, but all the quality.
First off, realize that you are not getting a "hot dog" when you eat here. You can get creative and gourmet style sausages and dogs as well as many other options. I had a sausage sampler of kangaroo,  python, and gator, and they were all delicious. Capped the meal off with a Louisiana gator sausage dog.
These guys know what they're doing and it's high quality dining across the board. Check them out.Food is delicious!! Try their hot dog the sausage is homemade. price are good and the service is amazing. No hesitation go there !!This place was delicious! I got the "Swede-Dream" which was a bratwurst with mashed potatoes, gravy, and lingonberry jam. SO GOOD. The bun was especially tasty as well -- freshly baked Texas toast-like bread that tasted delicious and held everything in so nicely. The homemade kettle chips were a nice touch as well! My hubby and I will definitely be coming back here again!I was really impressed by destination dogs. I live in the area so I walk by this place everyday and I was curious to try. It didn't disappoint me. It is very clean, modern, service is excellent and the hot dog. The Hot dog was simply amazing, I got the los angeles with avocado slices, tomatoes and I think spicy Mayo. It was an experience. I brought my family here and we all agreed it was worthy to stop by.I want to point out that the service is excellent and attentive. I strongly suggest Destination dogs.If you have seen my other yelp reviews you will know that hot dogs are my favorite.  I will walk a country mile for a gourmet hot dog. 
You might ask yourself, "Well can a hotdog be categorized as gourmet?"
In the case of Destination Dogs, the answer is ABSOLUTELY. 
I once to tried to get to this place, walking more than a mile in the rain, only to find out that they had been rented for a private party. When I saw that sign my shoulders slumped and my face contorted. 
So my next opportunity was a central focus. 
And, ladies and gentlemen, it was soooo worth it. 
The ambiance was fantastic. It was a bit hip, a bit modern, and a bit old school, all at the same time.  In the back I could see games like darts and pool and that famous bubble hockey game.  
They have an extensive bar with great backlighting and the bartender was cool, communicative and patient.  I mean, there are at least 30 hot dog and sausage options so it was going to take time to decide what to order. 
I chose a brat that was made in house and covered in mashed potatoes and smothered in gravy--lingonberry jam icing the entire thing.  It was epically delicious.  
I also had my first Scotch egg.  I learned about these watching "Beat Bobby Flay" so I was really curious to see what it would taste like.  I was hooked after bite one. And the mustard sauce was worthy of a take home bucket. 
All in all, great experience.  Great options. (Python sausage....alligator....duck confit....phew)
Highly recommend if you like dogs...and they even have a vegetarian option. 
It is definitely a destination place.I've known about this restaurant for awhile, but it is very dangerous that I now know how delicious the food is.  Uh oh.
As a vegetarian, I was excited to see meatless options on the menu.  If I wasn't on a budget I would have gotten the Caesar salad and mashed potatoes FOR SURE.  
But alas...I stuck to just the dog for now.  
I had the Veg-Dog Meal-ionare - veggie dog with samosa filling and sriracha mayo on top.  It wasn't exactly what I expected but it was really tasty.  The bread/bun was perfect, especially how the bottom was squared off, so it doesn't tip over.  Was it a bit messy?  Sure.  Was it worth it?  Yep!Huge menu with lots of yummy options. I opted for the Swede Dreams with sauerkraut, and my girlfriend had the Chicago dog, and we were both pleased. Drinks were yummy and they didn't skimp on the alcohol. My one gripe was the wait for the food. We waited about 40 minutes for our dogs with no explanation from the staff.I am vegetarian and love having vegetarian hot dogs - and this place DID NOT disappoint. I got the New Mexico Domestic Hot Dog (I forget the actual name), with the vegetarian option, and it was delicious. My husband got the Kangaroo sausage (the Australia Hot Dog) and he said that was just "OK". We had a Groupon for them, so saved a little bit money, but otherwise their prices for the meat-based dogs are quite high (~$11 - $14). But if you are out for a new dinner experience, it doesn't come out to be so bad. We ordered a side of fries, the australian hot dog, the new mexico hot dog - veg, and two cocktails and our total came out to about $50. 
The house-made chips are OKAY. They weren't that good. 
The fries were OKAY too, nothing too special about it.
The drinks were GOOD. 
I am definitely more impressed by the hot dogs, and will be returning for those.Very great hot dogs. Good bar too. I feel like this place could make it as a hole in the wall hot dog stand if it doesn't make it as a full restaurant/bar. Great food late nightLove this place!! Everything was fresh and delicious. The unusual offerings brought a fun twist to ordinary hotdogs. There was nothing ordinary about their menu and I can't wait to go back!  Highly recommended and bring some extra quarters for the game room!THIS IS MY NEW FAVORITE SPOT IN PHILLY. I LOVE hot dogs and their bar is an awesome addition. Not only do they have like 30 different kinds of gourmet hot dogs but they have a fully stocked bar, games, amazing and friendly staff, a ton of room, and it's so reasonably priced. Not to mention they have amazing truffle fries, serve homemade potato chips with each hot dog, and have a happy hour!!! Need I say more?!?!?! The bartenders remember me and my girlfriend and the whole atmosphere is inviting. I recommend this to all my friends and if you like hot dogs, I would highly recommend it to you as well. I love it here!!Very diverse type of hot dogs, ranging from the regular beef sausages to the more adventurous options like kangaroo and python sausages. It's one of the best happy hour place in philly, can't beat 3 dollar beer and wine.The dogs are really good. My favorite is the Poutine Dog. The beer is a bit pricey and the service is a little slow.Best picnic food I've ever had. Please try crab artichoke dip and Vietnamese inspired hotdog, they are delightful. The happy hour isn't too bad either - $3 glasses of wine, why not?! Our waiter was very helpful and knowledgeable of the menu as well. Wish I could remember his name to call him out. Great experience overall - location, food, service all get 5 stars.Really a Great little spot! The menu can be a bit intimidating but overall, I wish I could eat here every day. The staff is amazing and friendly, food is excellent and the beer and whisky selection is rather decent. I would advise visiting off peak hours to experience the awesome game Room. I'd love to recommend a dog for you but would feel I'd be effecting your experience my doing so, you really can't go wrong.The hotdogs are AMAZING the service is terrible. It took an hour to get out hotdogs and 15 minutes to get a Diet Coke ( which they didn't come back and ask if my friend wanted it refilled) This was during lunch time when there were only 10 other patron or so there- I would be scared to see what it is like for the dinner time crowd! Get the Trenton though.This place is so good, food is outstanding, original and delicious.  Service is very good and a must attend restaurant for the value and atmosphere.  GREAT SPOT, need this restaurant in NYC.We had a fabulous time at destination dogs. The host was really accommodating and made sure that we were taken care our. Our server was really pleasant and helpful. The only thing that was a little frustrating was the amount of time it took to get our hot dogs. They were pretty busy the night we went so maybe that was part of the problem. Surprisingly, when our hot dogs came out they were hot and delicious. Probably a rare place in center city where you can get two beers and a snack for $20 bucks. We then headed back to the game room and took on some strangers in cornhole and pool! Will be visiting again soon!I love coming here with my friends. Every time we come we go straight back to the game room. It's a cool atmosphere and great place to grab a drink.Came here on a Wednesday night and was seated right away. A large space with a bar and and arcade that's good for post-work drinks or a late dinner. A wide assortment of hot dogs to choose from, all which range from 8$-12$. I ended up getting the Hebrew Hammer ( potato latkas & mustard) and the Chivas (bacon, sour cream, salsa verde). Both were solid and extremely difficult to eat without utensils but that's half the fun. However I would say the hot dog itself is average size and despite the wide variety of toppings a little overpriced. Still, would still come back to try a few of the other options on the menu as they have some really unique offerings (including alligator sausage and python sausage). A welcome addition to Center city!I can't believe this but I have to downgrade it back to a 4! We had bad service there last night. It was crowded at first, but quickly died down and our server just would not come over to us.
For drinks, our empty plates, or even our credit card.
Still love it here tho with the great food and prices, was just let down since the service was so awesome in the past!Before I invite my friends here I have to ask, "Do you like hot dogs?"
I feel like hot dogs get a bad rep. I don't know if it's the whole mystery meat thing, the shape, I don't know. But I've always loved them. Mystery meat and all. Obviously, now that my taste buds know better, I appreciate a good beef or bratwurst dog and this place has all of that and then some. This place literally is my childhood and my excuse to carry that youthfulness with me in tow with a $3 wine or well drink (Happy Hour specials), on the way to the game room in the back. To be fair, I've never even played the games, but the aesthetics of everything fit so perfectly. 
My first time coming, I had the Poi Boy, it was good, nothing special (this is probably more of a personal choice as in, the flavors just didn't appeal to me the way I'd hoped, not that it wasn't good) and the deviled eggs were okay too. Even though I wasn't blown away, I still wanted to come back. I knew with their extensive creative menu, there was something there for me. Second time here, I tried the Trenton Thunder. Oh my! It was messy, but it was worth it. The spicy jelly was actually spicy, but with the perfect kick to compliment the dog but be sweet enough to enjoy. This was amazing, seriously! 
Also had the crab artichoke dip, which was really tasty. And the fries are really good. They have a savory and slightly sweet thing going on there. A place having good fries is a barometer for the quality and taste of their food. And this place is a complete win.This place is absolutely fantastic. While I will admit that the names for their different dishes sound a lot like double entendres, there is no better place in the city for gourmet hot dogs. They utilize a vast variety of choices for dogs and toppings, and their side snacks are also great. By far the best latka you'll find in the city, outside your grandmother's kitchen. Would recommend the cyclone dog, or to choose the option to build your own sandwich.The rocky balboara and Trenton dogs were fantastic! Jay (our waiter) was even better.Woooooowww! I will never ever go to another hotdog establishment. They deliver on fresh and homemade ingredients. The bar is just as good as the food. Customer service is spectacular. I've brought friends and family here and it never disappoints! Do yourself a favor and visit!We came here after a concert because it seemed like the best late-night option in the area. The concept was really fun, and the food didn't disappoint. I had the Oscar, and my boyfriend had the Boston. I wouldn't necessarily make a side trip to come here for dinner, but it is an excellent option if you want something late. They have a fun selection of beer on tap, and their cocktails are fun!I had a duck sausage with duck confit and patè. It was amazing. I wouldn't say that I'm normally a hey, let's go out for hot dogs kind of girl but since I was in Philadelphia for a trade show it was fun to do something outside of the box. Great service. My only complaint was it was too loud. Now I feel old :-(Was pleasantly surprised by the hot dog combinations and choices. My food was full of flavor and mouth watering taste. This place is definitely doing something right. I can't wait to go back with friends to enjoy the game room!Such a cool spot.
We came on a Saturday afternoon for some drinks and games and watched some of the World Cup. They have corn hole, billiards, skeeball, arcade games and others. It's definitely a spot to come for an hour or two and play some games and enjoy some drinks.$3 drinks during happy hour!! easily becoming a regular on my HH go-to list!
food wise, we tried their pretzel and patatas ridiculous and both are yummy! just a huge bummer that the portions are a tad small... i do recommend trying the patatas if you're looking for something savory.  the gravy is to die for!
So there's a lot happening on the menu and if you ever have trouble deciding, you might as well just close your eyes and throw a dart at the menu to pick one.  there's a lot of creativity going on and i think it's pretty awesome they put in a lot of effort to come up with different combos along with complementary garnishes for the brats.  the dogs are well prepared and they do look as good as they sound on the menu! BUT here's when looks can be deceiving...  IMO i thought the the hot dogs were only alright~ the brioche buns were fantastic though! i tired the kangeroo and python the way they would prepare it.  they were interesting~ however, they don't make me want to crave for more.  with that said, it's still a good satisfactory dinner, but i wouldn't go out of my way to stop by d.dog for the hot dogs. 
don't get me wrong, i still had a fun and enjoyable experience at D.dog!  i think of this joint as more of a hangout spot than for their specialty in hot dogs~  the cocktails are awesome! and carries a really nice vibe in the restaurant.  the staff are soooo friendly and welcoming! i will probably return~ d.dog has got something good going here. :) and definitely looking forward to more progress on the brats~ lots of potential to explore for D.dog!This place is great.  They have a large array of gourmet hotdogs including Alligator and Python.  I had the breakfast dog (Fried Egg, Bacon, Hash Browns, etc.) and my wife had a dog with hot peppers.  The dogs are all delicious.  You can also create your own gof from dozens of ingredients.Holy hot dog double fist, Batman! OK, so this place has about a million specialty dogs. I was having hotdog FOMO, and I was super hungry, and the waiter was a total hotdog enabler...so, I ordered two hotdogs. Which ones aren't so important, as I have total faith that everything at this place will be tasty. Read the menu (or don't) and just pick out the dogs that have ingredients that sound good to you. The glorious end!Great food.  Highly recommend the Rocky Dog.  Great service too.  Our waiter was great and we didn't wait long for our food.Came for the trivia night on a wednesday, everything was fabulous from the waitress to the Quizzo master to the hot dogs. Waitress took 6 orders all perfectly by memory, came
by to refill our waters and get us drinks, and came with a split check at the end. All of the hot dogs are unique and wonderful to try, get a few and split them with friends for the best experience. 
One friend got the veggie dog and said it was great as well, you can swap out any dog for a veggie version to make it perfect!Stumbled in here with a couple hours to kill before a meeting. Surprised and pleased that it has a full beautiful bar at the front, in addition to plenty of comfortable tables. Waitstaff was very accommodating and helpful. Really liked my hotdog, one of the chicken ones with chipotle sauce and avocado - they make and stuff all the sausage except for the all beef hot dogs. Super good house made chips as well. Good beer selection and awesome 1/2 price happy hour that started early on several different beers. Good place to watch a game too, 4 big TVs right over the bar.Ordered 4 dogs to split between 3 people, so much tasty food (including cheese fries). All the food was also presented tastefully. We ordered the New Mexico ABQ, Maui OGG, India BOM, and France CDG. Favorites were the BOM and CDG. The vegetarian meat on the India was super yummy, this dog also had the most vivacious flavor. They have a rotating and quite interesting draft list. The decor includes vintage air travel posters and gives a fun vibe to the restaurant. This place is a great new addition to Center City and there truly is something for everyone.This was a new concept for me - gourmet hot dogs! They are top-notch though and just hit the spot. Good, friendly service and normally seated right away. Great mixed drink options too for a fun night out.Pretty neat concept, good service.  Glad a tried it!  Those potato things were bangin.. skip the fries and get those!  Dogs were good, we def over ordered, but again.. when theres like 25 different hot dogs, who wouldn't?Big fan of this place...good service and food. Nice beer list, im kind of a wuss and ways get a basic dog, but the other ones look amazingGot the Paul Bunyan Hot Dog (Minnesota) and a cocktail. If you're gonna get a Paul Bunyan ask for extra maple syrup on the side. Will definitely be returning to try all the hot dogs. A+!So many dogs, so many toppings, all super greasy! I came here with my friends for lunch break and decided to check out this dining joint. I will say that the overall ambiance is quite impressive: tall ceilings, open spaces, large windows all gave this place an inviting vibe. As for the sausages, you can choose from a wide variety of meat concoctions (beef, pork, chicken, duck, boar, snake) but after trying many of them (except beef), I failed to be able to distinguish the subtleties due to the excessive sauces, double-buttered buns and grease accompanying each superdog. From a caloric standpoint, you definitely should be all set for this meal, and the next 2 meals after just one dog and fries, but the volume of the hot dog leaves a little bit more to be desired given the cost. That being said, I still really liked the Charles Dog Gaulle (duck-dog with confit), the Mighty Duck (duck dog with hoisin and scallions) and I would recommend the confit French fries (patatas ridculas). I had the crab and artichoke dip....which I couldn't even taste the crab.Love this place. Fantastic draft list and incredible cocktails. Extensive and artisinal bourbon selection. Food is amazing too. You can sub vegetarian sausage for dog on the menu. I love the one in New Brunswick, NJ and this one delivers the same quality and atmosphere.What a spot. I had never been here but I stopped by for a quick bite a few beers before a concert at MilkBoy. I had the Trenton Thunder and please give me Pork roll in any context and I will pay you top dollar for it. Environment does not feel like a hot dog restaurant, more like a Americana wine bar. Beer was a little pricey, but food was really inexpensive. Staff was awesome!Had a great lunch here with coworkers today. We were in and out in under an hour and we all thoroughly enjoyed our meals. The decor is airport/airplane-themed, as is the menu, which was pretty cool. 
The menu is split into domestic and international dogs featuring everything from beef hot dogs to Cantonese sausage to kangaroo sausage. There are also a few French fry options including truffle fries.
I opted for the "Boston Red Hots" dog- beef hot dog with baked beans and coleslaw. It was great! The bun was especially good. I also ordered fries which were big enough to share. My coworkers had the "completo"- beef hot dog with avocados, tomatoes, cheese and onions and the "bun mi"- Cantonese sausage with shaved foie gras, pickled vegs and sriracha mayo. They both loved theirs too and we're all excited to go back. Possibly for happy hour and a hot dog?! What could be better!?Excellent food and service totaled to an awesome experience! Was in here last week with a couple of friends for a late night snack. There were many options ranging from the basics you'd expect to the exotic you'd turn heads with.  The adventure theme runs deep for an immersive experience I'm definitely coming back for.
Final thoughts:
Friendly and professional staff were awesome to talk to and made you feel super welcomed
We ordered (among other things) python and kangaroo which are served according to market value which is awesome.
Fairly priced high quality food and atmosphere.Good place for hot dogs, beer, and place to chill with friends. Reminds me of a fancier version of Dat Dog from NOLA and just as delicious.https://maps.app.goo.gl/?link=https://www.google.com/maps/place/Little%2BAmps%2BCoffee%2BRoasters,%2B133%2BState%2BSt,%2BHarrisburg,%2BPA%2B17101/@40.262284,-76.8853446,17z/data%3D!4m6!1m3!3m2!1s0x89c8c111aa31d4db:0x987d73051c12a458!2s204%2BState%2BSt,%2BHarrisburg,%2BPA%2B17101!3m1! We:0x37f3941644efaca1&apn=com.google.android.apps.maps&amv=914018424&isi=585027354&ibi=com.google.Maps&ius=comgooglemapsurl&utm_campaign=ml_promo&ct=ml-base2-nlu-o&mt=8&pt=9008&cid=5277097919134594344&_icp=1This place is pretty cool. Love the game setup in the back. The hot dog was pretty good as well. I ordered a chicken hotdog that had avocado, cabbage and chipotle sauce. It was a bit salty but i enjoyed it. I would go there again and bring my friendsI went with my coworker and loved this place. I had purchased a 3 pack of vouchers on Groupon and can't wait to use the other 2. I ordered the Might Duck: Anaheim (SNA). This not a small hot dog and comes on Texas toast as a bun. We split an order of wings which were also really good. A little sweet and just a little bit of kick.Amazing hot dogs!  The Miami Hound Machine was fantastic.  They also have really great scotch eggs.  Totally worth it!Astonishing variety of ways to make a "hot dog". Some are pretty haute cuisine. Went there 3 or 4 times while in the area. Loved it each time!Kangaroo sausage. With the most amazing buttered bread as the bun. And the freaking "Vegemite aioli" on top of it all. It was literally the tastiest sausage experience I've had in years, do yourself a favor and check this place out!
Also, Taylor was an awesome and super friendly waitress !Found Destination Dogs on Yelp when trying to find something for dinner. It did not disappoint. We were sat right away and were given the option of outside or inside. When we chose inside, we were sat near the window. The draft selection is always changing, so they do not print it out. Grab a look on your way to the table. The cocktail list has a variety of drinks. Our waiter was great and explained that everything on the menu is customizable. If you don't like one of their options, which you can substitute or leave out anything, you can create your own. My SO and I both got the chicken sausage. The flavor was incredible. The part that made the dog, was the toasted New England style roll. With the variety, the taste, and the service, we will definitely be back!Never eat a hot dog the same way again. 
This place is wow!
Was freak out when read the menu, they have alligator, python & kangaroo dogs sausage. 
I didn't have enough courage to eat that kind so I got a duck sausage, Mighty Duck Anaheim. 
Soooo yummy! Never eat duck sausage before. This was so good. The bun was good, the sausage wasn't too salty & the duck confit was bit salty so it good combination with the sausage. 
I also order a pineapple relish in the side & it was good too. 
This hot dogs is more expensive than other. But it really worth the price maybe because it made from duck meat. 
But they have cheaper hot dogs too but regular meat. 
I'm not a hot dog lover but this place is worth to try!!!! FYI, they have gaming room too, you can play game arcade, pool, etc but you have to insert some cash.I wasn't that saddened by the closing of Rittenhouse's Underdogs, but wow. Destination Dogs has given the hot dog a whole new meaning. They weren't kidding went they called them gourmet. Destination Dogs is the Bugatti of hot dogs.
They have this airplane theme going on, arcade games in the front, a huge bar, and the entire restaurant is enormous.
I had the Mighty Duck, which "the flight attendant" recommended as their most popular (Duck sausage w/ duck confit in hoisin sauce, chicharrones, grilled scallions, sesame seeds). It looked to me it was on a brioche hot dog bun, definitely not the healthiest option, but it was incredible. 
Your taste buds are in for a wild ride. I can't wait to come back and try the other options.Went here for a quick, casual dinner. Of course, you know a place that serves hot dogs is not a formal or gourmet dining restaurant. But the concept is really nice, hot dogs served based on food from various regions. I had the Indian hot dog, which was flavorful.
The best part, there is a gaming area in the back where you can play the bean bag game, throw some darts or play some arcade games.
Overall, you call spend a decent evening here.The hot dogs at Destinations Dogs are original and well prepared.  I enjoyed my mighty duck hot dog which was tasty because of the hoisin sauce, scallions and sesame seeds included in the hot dog.  There is something, however, that has caught my attention since the first time I stepped in the restaurant: the floor is always sticky.  I hope they do something to correct this problem.Show of hands-who knew RBK wasn't the brightest bulb in the box? Who thought it was probably dumb to go to Destination Dogs on a full stomach? Who knew conclusively that I was still going to try The Veg-Dog Meal-Ionaire veggie sauseage topped with samosa filling and sriracha mayo?
Dag. That's a good dog.What a cool concept. A hot dog place with a bar. The decor is looks like an airplane hanger and the servers are dressed like flight attendants and pilots. All the hot dogs are themed to go with their airport codes. However, I think I need to come back to destination dogs to re-evaluate because my first visit I made the classic mistake of trying too many adventurous things at one time. For appetizers, we chose the sausage party. We picked the alligator and shrimp, the kangaroo, and the python. The Python sausage was really dense and dry. The kangaroo was very game-y and immediately freaked me out and kind of made me not want to eat my entree afterwards. The alligator and shrimp sausage though was surprisingly mild and kind of reminded me of a chicken sausage. Not bad. We also got the deviled egg and the truffle fries to share, which were exactly what you'd expect. For drinks I had the peach pit and the cucumber gimlet, which were tasty but felt very weak for the price tag. For dinner  I chose the Le Poutine, which is a duck sausage on a brioche roll topped with poutine. By the time i got to my entree dog, though, I was a little overwhelmed with all the different meats, so I took most of it home for later. My husband had the Charles Dog Gaulle and my friend had the Conquistadog, all which looked very good. Like I said I need to come back with a different tactic and try maybe one unusual thing and stick with some normal stuff for the rest. It's a cool concept though so it's worth a visit!Ever since Underdogs has closed its doors in Center City fairly recently, I was bummed. So when I heard about this place, I wanted to give it a go. Few descriptors - great selection of hot dogs (all beef, to wild boar, to kangaroo). I'm impressed by the creativity they put into the menu. Aside from food (and great drinks menu), they have a laid back atmosphere, and friendly, personable staff. The place itself feels light with plenty of natural light - various pictures of different airports inside, which the dogs are also named after. On top of that, there's a game area with some "vintage" arcade and foosball tables. It's in a great area to check out the theater across the street and other local shops. Great people, great food. I think they've earned their big five. I'll be back!sold!
kitchens open till 130 everyday. 
i had the soft pretzel and a salad with chicken - yes, at the hot dog place. and they were really good and really filling. 
my friend got a breakfast hot dog - which looked amazing. and another dog i believe the coney island? which was delicious. 
bartenders were friendly and they had a nice little crowd for late night.Dogs and beer. That's how I started this Monday. 
Parking was a little tricky during lunch hour. But I was able to find a parking spot a few blocks away.  
I had two dogs: Maui (wild boar with pineapple relish) and Guten Dog (bratwurst with sauerkrout), over Allagash Hoppy Table Beer and Brooklyn Sorachi Ace.
Dogs were bigger than I expected. So if you're not crazy hungry, one dog would be enough to satiate you. The bread, that I think is a nice upgrade from a regular buns hot dog buns, was toasted with butter (I guess) and was very filling. 
Wild boar dog had a very interesting spin with a pineapple relish, and worth a try.  It can be a must try if you can enjoy a Hawaiian style pizza. 
I deducted one star because it costed me about $40 for two dogs and two glasses of beer.  It was pleasant to see how a dog transformed from a simple snack to a satisfying meal. But I can think of many other place at this price range.I was so glad that I ran into this place! I saw this place on yelp and really wanted to try it! When I was showing my friends around philly tonight I ran into this place and was so happy to see that they were still opened! Their main dish is hot dog but these aren't your ordinary hot dog!! You have to try this place for yourself! There is so much diversity to these hot dogs! At first I thought hmm 8 bucks for hot dog? I am not too sure but the size was actually pretty big and was totally worth price! I totally recommend this place for a fun night with friends. Their bar is really classy and they also have a play area that is really nice as well! Maybe not too much first date thing bc eating a hot dog with a lot topping can get messy!Wow. As someone in the industry and someone who eats out often, I was thoroughly impressed. The python dog was great. Our server was knowledgeable and attentive. After eating we went to the bar and we're greeted by a friendly mixologist named Ashley. I say mixologist because.the drinks she served us were amazing. I've been recommending it to all my friends.Came here, ate some dogs, chatted with the waiter and attempted to beat the record on the arcade until I realized the high score wasn't 20 000 but 200 000. I drenched my sadness in dogs. It was amazing. Love the combinations and the flavors they come up with!Wow!! Super fancy #hotweiners with an excellent staff! The food is awesome and the happy hour is from 3-7 with literally $3 wines and cocktails! I'm obsessed with their Paul Bunion breakfast dog and their Kansas City with short rib on top....  #marrymeNOW 
I'm hooked!I loved the hot dog I got. I thought the menu was great! Each hot dog is inspired by a either a City in the U.S. or a country around the world. The service was great as well! Probably the best hot dog I've ever had!Oh my hot dogs.... and they have beer too! These guys were super awesome. Came in one night and ordered 3 hot dogs and 2 beers. (This is after eating 2 slices of pizza on the walk over).
We waited for about 10 minutes while the waiter was talking to another table. The manager had a keen eye and noticed us turning our heads around waiting for our waiter. After we got our order placed the manager took care of our meal! Was pleasantly shocked that a hot dog place would comp an entire meal! I've seen 20% or even 50% but the entire meal? We really appreciate the level of service here and not to mention the hot dogs were delicious!
Will definitely need to come back to try some of the other hot dogs on the menu!So delicious! Gourmet hot dogs. Had the andouille alligator/shrimp and the poutine dogs. Both were good but the first was the best. Didn't know dogs could taste like that. Fully stocked bar, too. We played darts in the back tooA little pricier than previous gourmet hot dog options (i.e. Underdogs, Hot Diggity), but also much more gourmet fare. The Anaheim, Louisiana and Bangkok were all delicious!Cool interior with a game room in the back. I have had the New York dog; authentic and delicious. Only criticism is the bun but I understand you need a. Denser roll to stand up to the myriad of ingredients. Wife had the duck sausage dog and loved it. Really friendly bartenders. If u are just looking for snacks, the deviled eggs and pretzels are both solid.Great food! Great service! Great all around! It is worth every bite ! 
I had a build your own dog! What I loved best, was that they just did not have Beef or Pork dogs. They had Lamb , Vegetarian, and other types of meat. The Lamb sausage was juicy with a bit of pepper taste to it. Which I found delightful. It came with a handful of chips which was great. 
Service was great. Staff was extremely helpful.
This is worth trying and you will not be disappointed!!I stopped in on a Saturday afternoon for a quick bite and drink before finishing errands. This was my first time here and it was great. I had the truffle fries which were amazing and one of the best mojitos I've ever had. Seems like a good place to have a chill date night, there's games in the back and sports on the TVs, I can't wait to come back with my boyfriend and try the hotdogs and play some games.Nice concept, but very salty! I was unable to finish my dog and gravy fries. Hubby loved his breakfast dog.  Staff very friendly, nice atmosphere.Great menu with options for the more adventurous and build-your-own-dog options for those of us who want exactly what we want. I had the Swedish dog and it was delicious! Our family also really enjoyed the game area with pool table, arcade-style games, & cornhole. We'll definitely be coming back here.Love this spot, and you will too! I haven't tried them all, but I'm working on it. I'll typically get one Domestic and one International when I go.Made a third visit to this place, each time I warm up more to it. Was not that crazy about it the first time around, just seemed lofty to base such a large establishment around hot dogs. Pleasant staff. Attentive without being pushy. 
I think the cocktail menu is a bit weak. Most of featured cocktails are more on the light side. I'm not a tequila fan but the tequila based cocktail was the booziest of the bunch. Could use a boozy whiskey one to compliment it. Champagne cocktail seemed out of place in a hot dog joint. 
Hot dogs themselves are great. Still going through them. Wish they had as many cocktails to try!We need this new place!! Hot dogs with a snap, a full bar, games and a pool table - ye gads what else do you want in life?  Went there tonight and sampled their straight dog with kraut and a straight dog with spicy mustard - snap on the dog was great, fine flavor and a decent roll - although my accomplice rated the roll A-1.  
Spoke with Solomon who is one of the managers and he is on the game and this place has to stick for if you are in center city and a late night urge for a dog comes up (or a Brat or 25+ other home made cased foods) this is where it is.
5 stars all the way- think i will stop by tomorrow night and try a brat or maybe something with a lot of toppings..Absolutely amazing... we need one in every city!  This is a gourmet restaurant that happens to specialize in sausage and dogs.  The menu is enormous... I could eat here for a month and not have every preparation on their creative menu.  Went in on a Monday evening and it was pretty empty, so we got amazing service and one of the owners took a lot of time talking to us.  He even brought out a complimentary appetizer which was totally unexpected and delicious. I had a greek style lamb sausage that was wonderful but came in a close second to the truffle fries.  These were the most amazing homemade fries I have ever had.  I hope the community embraces this unique restaurant concept as I would come back to Philly just to eat there again.I came here for a late lunch on a Tuesday, and since it was empty I sat at the bar and ended up talking to the manager for a while. This place opened up last September, with one other location in New Brunswick; they're testing the waters in case they want to franchise it. The basic gist of the restaurant is a craft beer and hot dog restaurant where everything's travel-themed. 
Each hot dog is going to cost about $8-10 but it's best not to think about it as a hot dog. They put a lot more effort into it than anyone would a traditional hot dog, and they make almost everything in house. All sausages (except for the beef) are ground and cased, and the buns are baked themselves too. My vegetarian hot dog was served on a deliciously soft and toasty bun and covered in mashed potatoes, masala ketchup, and scallions. It definitely impressed me for what I thought was just going to be a Tofurkey on a bun. 
The manager went on to tell me about how now they're on GrubHub and how they have great happy hours and how they're open late. And how they have a pool table, a cornhole, and other activities in the back. He was extremely kind and the service was spot on. 
I really enjoyed my experience here and I'm honestly sure anyone would if they know what to expect. Plus all the hot dogs are travel puns (charles dog gaulle, howlamo, etc). What's not to love.Talk about a unique experience! In the rare (or not so?) event that you're in the mood for a hot dog, look no further. I was blown away first by the atmosphere, since I'm usually enjoying a hot dog at a ball park or picnic. Here, you're in pretty sleek bar setting with tons of options for boozing with your meal. They really bring some surprising sophistication to the dog game. 
In terms of variety, there's something for every mood. If you're feeling extra meaty, go for the Kansas City. Or venture to a city abroad as you enjoy another geographically themed delicacy. If you're not getting a hot dog, you probably will be getting some side eye, from me at least. I wouldn't come here to order a salad. 
As for my first experience, awesome all around! I tried the alligator and shrimp dog, and was definitely feeling the New Orleans flavor. The bread they use as a bun really brings it to the next level, and I would like to see them do more in that regard too! Maybe they could play around with some sourdough, a seeded bun...the skies the limit (or the Destination?), we'll see! Service was fantastic too; our waiter provided some great suggestions, and the food came out in no time.This place has customer service above and beyond the norm. My wife and I went last week and there was a mixup in the dogs we ordered. We were actually semi-oblivious to it until our server told us. So the correct order was brought out after we had a few bites and all the food was very good (dogs, wings, truffle fries). We are the type of people who realize stuff happens sometime and never ask to be compensated when we have an overall excellent meal and service. Hey, if the manager offered a drink on the house we would've been more than happy. So how surprised and impressed were we that the owner comped us the entire bill, drinks included! Who does that nowadays? Put on top of that a very cool drinking spot with an excellent craft beer selection and we are now big, big fans of Destination Dogs.  Do yourself a favor and check it out. This isn't your regular lunch time hot dog joint.I love Destination Dogs! Service is always friendly and attentive. Even if the beer is somewhat pricey, you can still have a good meal for two for around $40. The different hot dog combinations are always interesting, and the food is consistently tasty. They have a cool back area with arcade games and skee ball as well. This is definitely an underrated gem of a restaurant.Came here for the first time with my friends yesterday and had a really great experience. We were seated immediately, had a friendly waiter, and our food came out in a reasonable time. I ordered the Cyclone dog and it was really yummy. I especially loved the chili. Only qualm I have is that the portion is so small! I left feeling very hungry. Probably should have ordered 2 hotdogs but I just can't get past paying $5 for a hotdog. Anyways, I'd probably come back here and try something else on the menu.My sweetheart loves hotdogs, so off we go.....
The space is awkward...is this an arcade, a pool hall, a bar, a restaurant?  Philly's pop-up bars have better decor!  Now as for the dawgs.....yup, they are hotdogs.  Nothing special, nothing bad.  Just HOT DAWGS.  Not worth the trip, no matter how much you love dawgs.I don't usually eat hotdogs but my husband loves them so I thought this place would be a good compromise. After eating here once, it has totally changed my view of what I've always considered "kid food."
We started with the deviled eggs which is always one of my favorite appetizers. They provided a few delicious bites that left me wanting more. 
I ordered the Philly-themed Rocky dog, which is basically a Philly cheesesteak on a sausage. It was tangy and little bit hot with a sweet finish. The sausage had a nice crack to the casing and the toasted bun created a variety of textures in each bite. 
My husband ordered the tortilla-wrapped, deep-fried dog and it declared it the best thing he's ever had on a stick. 
The server was super attentive without being annoying. I was looking for a truly Philly inspired meal and he was happy to let me try the local brews until I found one I liked. 
I would recommend this place to anyone visiting Philadelphia! 
P.S. While we were there a wedding party came in post ceremony, so you know anywhere someone would go in a wedding dress is legitHeaven on earth.  This isn't ain't typical wiener joint, it's actually a nice restaurant and they have a lot of booze too!  I had the best dog of my life, and a really great time too.  Service was great.  Def going back!This is one of my new favorite places to eat in Center City. The variety of toppings and meats are fantastic. I really love how each hot dog option is based on cities around the globe. Destination dogs is a must try in my opinionCame here for lunch after reading about Destination Dogs online and was not disappointed. The worst part was there were so many options to choose from. I had the Poi Boy and my boyfriend had the Howlamo and we split a side of fries. Everything was delicious. We will definitely be back.My boyfriend and I found destination dogs through GrubHub and are loyal customers. Not only is the food always great but the service is fantastic. We recently used the wrong address for our order and although the delivery is fulfilled by GrubHub, Jim from DD, went above and beyond to call them on our behalf, provide the driver with our correct address and then call us back. We got our food 20 mins after we ordered. I'm so impressed I had to leave a review! 
The restaurant is also worth a visit. I rented out a dinning room for a birthday party on a Friday night. The two servers assigned to us were stellar and the owner Sean worked with me prior to the party to organize appetizers and details. The extensive revolving beer selection is always great.Very reasonable prices and a great selection of hot dogs. The servers were super friendly and attentive despite being busyWhen the waiter asks what you want, just close your eyes and point to a hot dog. You cant go wrong!! Hot dogs r juicy. Bread is buttery, flaky, and crunchy with the perfect amount of salt. The cajun fries were crispy on the outside, soft on the inside. 
Hands down my new favorite restaurant in Philly. Our server was extremely knowledgeable of the menu and helpful which was surprising due to the vast menu. go have a dog!I was visiting Philly and came across this place. The team was super nice and the food was delicious. I loved the creativity of their menu!!! I would definitely suggest this to others that are visiting. Prices are fairly average, and if you share two dogs between 2 people, you have more than enough food. The neighborhood has a lot to offer travelers, so it's a great starting point if you are spending a lot of time in that area.THEE BEST HOT DOG I HAVE EVER HAD. My husband said the same thing! Get the cleo mcdowell! You wont be disappointed!OMG!! My husband LOVES hot dogs and this place blew our minds. He had the chili dogs and I had the python dog. DELICIOUS! Can't wait to return when we're back in town. Great, friendly bartender!A new hot dog place has opened on Walnut Street.  Actually it's more than just a hot dog place as it has a full bar and arcade games and is open to 2am.  But they do serve up a whole variety of interesting hot dogs that any fan of this popular food won't want to miss.  You can have a pre-set combo for your hotdog or build your own. I did both. The preset I ordered was A Philadelphia themed one called Rocky Balboara.  Yes it was a wild boar sausage and it contained steak, onions, peppers, cheese sauce and cherry pepper relish.  Not your cheapest option but very tasty and filling. I also ordered one much simpler which started with their beef dog and brioche bun and added Argentinean chimichurri sauce and red onions.  This was delicious as well and much cheaper. The choice of exotic sausages range from python snake to kangaroo.
Destination Dogs started up the road in New Brunswick, New Jersey.  It looks like they have successfully made the Route 1 journey south to Phillytown.Awesome spot!  Very creative spin on hot dogs.  Cool bar/restaurant atmosphere.  Great selection on the menu.  Will definitely come back!I'm all in on Destination Dogs. I was pretty surprised at the level of ambiance/swankiness when I visited for the first time- heard 'hotdog' and automatically assumed that meant 'divey'. I was wrong. This is a lesson in never making assumptions, kids.
Let us run through the positives, of which there are several:
1) Hot dogs. Who doesn't love a good hot dog?! (vegans, I hear you/I'm sorry). The selection of dogs alone is impressive, and when you add in the fact that they're actually really delicious in addition to being creative, we're off to a great start. 
So far I've tried the: 
-Cyclone 
-Oscar 
-Paul Bunyon
-Hebrew Hammer
-Swede Dreams
Do yourself a favor and read the descriptions of all the dogs on the menu. I cannot pick a favorite, I would willingly eat any of these again right now, and it's only 10am.
2) The bar. Solid beer and cocktail options! I am proud of you, Destination Dogs.
3) The pool table! How is it always unoccupied when I visit?! I mean... I'm not complaining at all, I just don't get it. Either way, another bar with games is a welcome addition to the city in my book. 
4) Staff is friendly and efficient. They have cut our dogs into 3 pieces before just to make it easier for us to share. That, my friends, is customer service. 
5) Quizzo! The quizzo at Destination Dogs is LIT. Just trust me. 
The only minor downside I can see here is the steep prices for ... hot dogs ... but these really are next-level hot dogs and I think it's well worth it.I've been here on 2 occasions. Once with my kids and we enjoyed it a lot as a family. There is so many different hot dogs to choose from. There is a hot dog for all members of your family. You can even make your own with all kinds of different toppings. It does get overwhelming. And of course there is a drink menu for Mom and Dad. Their cocktail Monks Gone Wild is my favorite. Not only is there hot dogs but a game room for for kids and adults of all ages. My kids loves it.
My friends came from out of town to visit and we took them here for a late night hang out. Pool table, drinks and hot dogs. Perfect chill spot. 
The service is always on point. The drinks are always delicious. And hot dogs always hit the spot. We will definitely be back.I stopped in with a friend and had a good experience! Very casual environment with a billiard table and several games in the back of the restaurant. An assortment of bar seating, tables and high tops too! 
The hotdogs are pretty big so one was enough to fill me up. Definitely a messy meal but pretty delicious! Service was friendly. It's a nice place to stop by if you're craving a unique hotdog.Sal was an amazing bartender! Very knowledgeable about the menu and made great suggestions. This place is a must. So many different options and you can customize anything. They had a good selection of beers and drinks as well. They have a great happy hour from 3-7 Monday through Friday! They also have specials during football games. They give out a free green tea shot every time the eagles score a touchdown. Cannot wait to go back and try more food!Four of us needed dinner after a show, was a little after 11pm on a Friday.  Stopped a couple other places in the neighborhood and no food.  Tried to go to Moriarty's across the street for wings and their kitchen was closed... saw people eating at the tables in front of Destination Dogs - had noticed them on Yelp, despite the good rating had not pictured it as a bar with a patio, figured it was a take-out place.  It wasn't - it is like a full bar and restaurant with tables on the sidewalk.  The people on the sidewalk out front all looked happy and the food looked good so we got a table on the sidewalk.
The food was really good.  Get the mini Latkes instead of fries.  I don't know how to explain the way they toast/grill the hot dog buns, but they are incredible.
Everyone got something different and everyone liked it.  I got some variation on a Chicago style dog, it was great.
Service was very good.  Beers and food came out quick and our waitress was really nice.  Fun people watching spot late night too.Gourmet/restaurant-style hot dogs can and do exist?! Props to this new restaurant for doing what I previously thought was impossible!
SERVICE/MENU: Spacious, not too quiet, not too loud, would be good for groups or a more intimate date. The waiter we had was really friendly and the food comes out quickly. I love how cohesive the airport theme is - the waiters are all dressed like flight attendants, the decor showcases famous cities around the world, and the hot dogs (of course) are all named after famous destinations!
PRICES: Ranges $7 - $14 for hot dogs w/ the toppings. $14 for the more exotic sausages (python, kangaroo), and usually $7-8 for all-beef.
FOOD/DRINK: The menu is diverse, but has something for everyone - some out-there creations as well as tamer options. They've also got a solid beer and cocktail menu that is reasonably priced. I'm all about eating strange ingredients and combinations, so obviously I had to start off my meal with a Scotch Egg. I was expecting it to be kind of gross due to the excess of protein (an egg wrapped in sausage and then deep-fried), but was pleasantly surprised! I really enjoyed it, it came with some pickled veggies and a delightful semi-sweet sauce that helped tamper it down. I also HAD to order the python sausage (One Night in Bangkok: Thailand), because it was so bizarre. The toppings are reminiscent of Pad Thai - crushed peanuts, peppers, cilantro, etc. The python sausage had a slight fishy flavor that wasn't for me, but my boyfriend highly enjoyed it! For those of you who are curious, I think it's worth a try. We also ordered the Hebrew Hammer, which I LOVED - it's an all/beer hot dog topped w/ potato latkes, which were the best part!! Highly recommend! On a final note, I love the hot dog buns each dog is served on - they're soft, fluffy, and wholly unique to Destination Dogs!Love the food here!  I try to stop here every time we visit Philly.  I've had the Le Poutine and the Swede-Dreams.  I wasn't sure if i would like the lingonberry jam, but it was a great combination.  My son created his own cheesesteak hot dog and my daughter loved the el borracho.  They also have great french fries and a good beer selection.  My kids also enjoyed the game room.The stand out for me at Destination Dogs was the happy hour. It's four hours (3pm to 7pm) and beer, wine, and well drinks are only $3! Their hot dogs are also very good. I had their One Bite in Bangkok, which was Thai inspired and appropriately spicy. It was suppose to have python meat and chicken but I substituted with their vegetarian sausage (my preference would have been a vegan sausage but that wasn't an option.)
The one challenge I've encountered with eating a hot dog loaded with topping is not making a mess of it. With this particular hotdog, I failed miserable and really wished hot dog bibs were a thing. Still, I'd rather make a mess than be that guy eating a hot dog with a fork and knife.Not bad, had my first experience through caviar delivery. Was craving a good hot dog. I like the selections (meat, condiment, sauces), and i loved the bread!!  I think the dogs are too packed so it is very hard to it in a traditional way (requires fork and knife unless you want to get messy).
Worth checking out again (in person)I will start by saying our server, Kari was super awesome. We were visiting from California you hear about how the Philly people are just friendly and that has been so true, so shout out to Philly on that account. Kari was super patient with our family and all the kids, attentive on things like drinks and additional food, and was really great in having a nice conversation about Philly and sightseeing for us visitors. Just made you feel very welcome to the extreme. 
On to the food. Really awesome dogs. We got a bunch of different ones and shared a bite so we could try them all. I think the crazy as it sounds the python one was my favorite. We also had the brat, lamb, and beef. 
My one kinda big complaint is that the dog/bun/condiment ratio is off. The stuff was all super tasty, but IMO they need  2 dogs for the size bun and the amount of condiments the put on.This place is awesome! Their happy hour is unreal. Wines, 3 draft beer selection (all good craft beers), pounders, and well drinks are all 3 dollars!! And I think it's from 3-7?!
The inside is nice and big, seems to cater to working crowd, but we sat at the outside tables out front since it was so nice out. We went around 5 and in addition to our wine we ordered 2 dogs and some truffle fries.
The entire menu is separated between domestic and international dogs, each one styled based on a specific city for domestic and country for international.
I went with the Oscar which is LA inspired. It's chicken sausage, avocado, chipotle mayo in a brioche bun made there, it was SO GOOD. My friend went with their most classic option the New York inspired Cyclone, which is all beef dog with chili, onions, and spicy brown.
Food, service, and prices were all great. Definitely come here!We didn't have reservations but we were seated very quickly for dinner on a Tuesday night. Our waiter was super friendly and extremely helpful. 
The food was delicious but I should warn you. Do not underestimate the size of the dogs. Two will make you very full and 3 is just uncomfortable. I made the mistake of getting two and only finishing 1. My boyfriend finished 2 and started working on the 3rd and couldn't go on. 
I really appreciate the creativity and the effort that goes into making the dogs. The place is super clean and it's a great place to watch a game with friends but it doesn't give you dive bar vibes.I've been to a few gourmet hot dog places in New Jersey but this one is the best one I've tried and it definitely left a mark. I didn't think one hot dog could make me feel full to bursting but here we are. 
As you might imagine, there are a lot of different dogs on their menu. What you might not expect is you can order dogs made from wild boar, python, and kangaroo meat. I ordered the Trenton Thunder because I'm a die hard breakfast sandwich lover and it didn't disappoint. I almost had to eat it with a fork. The menu said the dog was topped with "tomato pepper jelly" which I thought sounded gross but actually it was the exact kind of delicious spicy umami tomato flavor I want on my breakfast sandwiches (is a hot dog a sandwich?). The whole thing was just delicious, filling, and satisfying, all for under $10.
Their happy hour is half decent and I was surprised the rum and coke I ordered was boozier than I expected. The water served here is bottled, which I guess is alright if you don't like drinking fountain or tap water. Personally I thought it was irritating that our server kept having to bring us bottles. The service overall was pretty good. Definitely not the kind of pushy upselling kind of service you get at some restaurants, and I prefer it that way. But if I'm being really honest it felt like they may have been a little short handed. 
I'm sad to say the bathroom was pretty sub-par. Obviously I don't go to restaurants to review their bathrooms but this one smelled dirty with a hint of weed. I guess it's not the restaurant's fault if people smoke weed in their bathroom.
The restaurant was nice but then I went downstairs and felt a little sad at the state of the restroom.
But overall, a good night out. I'll definitely come back when I'm in the area.
Food: 5 out of 5
Service: 4 out of 5
Ambiance: 4 out of 5
Parking: Unless you want to pay out the butt for Center City parking, take the train.Hot dogs are awesome! They have something for everyone. Except if you hate hot dog related items...then don't go here. But if you are AMERICAN then you will love Hot Dogs and this place! USA USA! HOT Diggity Dogs....i will surely eat here againI came for lunch one day to pick up and there wasn't a soul in site. I ordered the chorizo dog and it was AMAZING. Probably one of the best "hot dogs" I've ever had. Or really one of the best sandwich-like things I've ever had. The hot juicy chorizo was put on a nicely toasted, buttered brioche. There were small cubed potatoes thrown all over with this delicious spicy sauce. Scallions to finish it off. For less than $10, it was filling, unique, and delicious. Will definitely be returning!!Came in here for a lunch. I had been to the one in New Brunswick before so I decided to check out the one in Philly and it does not disappoint! Loved the atmosphere and the staff was very friendly and knowledgeable too! The only thing was it was really loud and hard to hear our waiter so I just pretended to hear him with the occasional nod and smile. I created my own 'dog' and asked for a fried egg hoping it would have been runny but it was hella fried. That's my b - should have been clearer but it was still good nonetheless!! Please do yourself a favor and order the latkes: they are delicious!!
They have a game room near the bar where you can play foosball and stuff. Overall, a good experience and I would recommend to check out for a good, easy casual night!!!!!Came here on a Wednesday night - trivia night!
It was so much fun. The food is really good. Highly recommend the truffle fries and garlic aioli! They have literally every kind of Hot dog you could imagine up - and if it's not there, you can customize it! They make their hot dogs in house, so that's pretty neat!
Ordered the Achilles Meal - it was awesome! Great flavor, and a really great hot dog. Definitely try it! 
Prices are affordable, some of their hot dogs are more expensive since they are user different meats. But overall prices are fair. 
They have some video games in the back, cornhole, and pool. So if you didn't stumble upon this bar to watch the basketball game (like we did) you could go in the back and hangout too.My review is based solely on a takeout order that I got when visiting the area. I had heard about a particular menu item from my sister who spoke about the duck potatoes as though they were some mirage type miracle item she wasn't sure really existed. I secretly took it upon myself to order delivery (through grub hub using yelp) in order to surprise my sister with the duck potatoes. I also placed an order for a couple hotdogs since we rolled into town with a couple of kids in tow. Anyways, when the potatoes arrived and my sister realized what they were she basically cried legit tears of happiness for what felt like an hour. When it finally came time for me to try the potatoes I was shook. They were salty, fatty, savory delicious potatoes with duck, cheese and jalapeño all mixed into some sort of magic cauldron of flavor. I don't think I will ever stop thinking about this food item. Man now I really want some duck.I found this place to be confusing but in a good way! My friend told us to meet him here for some drinks and I rolled my eyes thinking it was going to be just another Philly dive bar, but one that serves hot dogs. I was sorely incorrect. Destination dogs is like a cool restaurant serving crazy gourmet sausages from around the world-- meets cocktail bar-- with a touch of Field House as there is an awesome game area in the back. 
I ordered a cucumber gimlet and the bartender was meticulous and my drink was amazing/strong. I then went on to play darts and corn hole and was stoked to have a place in Philly where I can sip an artisan cocktail while staying indoors and playing cornhole rather than just accepting I'll have to drink Yuengling if I want to play cornhole at a bar. The beer list was legit as well and I got a glance at those hot dogs and my mouth was watering.
So anyway I think this place is pretty new and if you haven't been here you definitely should go!So many different types of hot dogs and topping combinations to try.  We tried 4 different dogs and they all were awesome.  Drink menu and beer selection was pretty nice too.  We were seated quickly on a Friday night and the service was great.  Definitely will be coming back when I'm in the area.This place is awesome! Their happy hour is unreal. Wines, 3 draft beer selection (all good craft beers), pounders, and well drinks are all 3 dollars!! And I think it's from 3-7?!
The inside is nice and big, seems to cater to working crowd, but we sat at the outside tables out front since it was so nice out. We went around 5 and in addition to our wine we ordered 2 dogs and some truffle fries.
The entire menu is separated between domestic and international dogs, each one styled based on a specific city for domestic and country for international.
I went with the Oscar which is LA inspired. It's chicken sausage, avocado, chipotle mayo in a brioche bun made there, it was SO GOOD. My friend went with their most classic option the New York inspired Cyclone, which is all beef dog with chili, onions, and spicy brown.
Food, service, and prices were all great. Definitely come here!
Updated to a 5 star after second visit, the service and food were so good, love it here!!I love this place. Prices are great, good beer selection, and a fun inviting atmosphere!Came for the dogs, stayed and returned for the amazing service from servers and bartenders! Every time I've been here I have had great conversations. Also by far one of the best happy hours in the city.I came here with my knitting group (~20 people) and had a great time. Although I've seen mention of a vegan/vegetarian dog, there was no such thing, lol. The only menu options I could choose from were fries and a salad, so that's what I had.
Our server was great, and everyone enjoyed themselves. I'm sure we will be back as a group, though I don't think I'd go on my own.Wow I never thought I would say "I love hot dogs". As a little kid I never really enjoyed hot dogs, however, I decided to give this place a try with my boyfriend. We didn't make a reservation on a Saturday night, and we got seated pretty quickly considering how busy it was that night. 
There are 2 sides of the menu: 
I believe international and more of the U.S hot dogs. 
There are over 25 different hot dogs from my memory. It was amazing with all the toppings. This was a different experience I had with just hot dogs. 
I 100% recommend coming here if you're just craving a simple yet delicious meal. I will defiantly be come back here again!Tried Kangaroo, Italian Boar, and Cantonese. Cool bar scene with arcade gams and pool tables.Interesting hot dogs, interesting ingredients.  The hot dogs were okay, mostly I give them props for having such an extensive list of hot dogs on the menu.  Hot dogs are named for different airports, and the ingredients tend to stick to that theme.  
I tried the One Bite In Bangkok: Thailand (BKK).  I ordered this just because it was a python sausage and I never tried python before.  The python itself was sort of flavorless, I was disappointed in that.  However, the cucumber salad, pepper jelly, crushed peanuts, and cilantro brought the dog together pretty well. 
I also tried the Andouille Armstrong: Louisiana (MSY).  This was an alligator and shrimp sausage with cabbage, tomatoes, jalapeño remoulade, scallions, lemon wedge.  This one wasn't for me.  I thought the flavor was a little disjointed and I was expecting I stronger flavor from a Louisiana dog. 
Next time I am definitely trying a wild boar sausage.
FYI: they do have "normal" hot dogs available as well.10/10 would do it again. Went around 11pm on a Saturday to get some food and the service was great. We didn't wait long for food and it was really good.I might have to update this review if I come back and get something else. But I tried the scarlet bite everyone was raving about, and it was smothered in cheese. Were there even pineapples in the salsa? Was there even salsa? Was there a hotdog? Thats how smothered in cheese it was. I could taste the actual hotdog that came with it. If you order it you're getting cheese with tiny sides of hotdog etc. Utterly disappointed.. terrible choice if you're not obsessed with cheese.
Order something else or get it with light cheese. Also it was one of those cheeses that taste like they come from a spray can. I felt like I had to scrape the cheese off my tongue.
Note:cheese lovers should reverse all the words in my review and change from 3 stars to 5.The first time I wanted to try destination dogs was in jersey when my bestfriends girlfriend who went to RU told us we had to try it. When we got there, there was no tables for another 2 hours apparently the whole place has been booked for something. So, the first time I tried it was in Philly. I was honestly wondering what all the hype for this place is about, no way hot dogs can be that good. When we finally sat down and I took a good look at the menu, I got really excited. This place had some really unique flavors, all different types of meats for hot dogs even things meats like alligator, lamb, and I think there was rabbit. 
It took a while for our hot dogs to come out, but when it finally did, it was worth the wait completely. The hot dog isn't served in a regular hot dog bun, it's served in one of those rolls for lobster rolls. The roll was nice and toasted and the hot dog was a nice shape. A bunch of toppings and it came with a side of chips. Every bite was amazing. I will never forget how it tasted, amazing hotdogs, super delicious. They need one in NYC.Destination Dogs is clutch!!! Have eaten in the restaurant several time with some pals, but most recently had it delivered late night. We were sitting on my buddies back porch, he has one of those portable fire pit thingies, really nice setup. V cozy. We had been seshing for hours,, absolutely ripping it hard, and felt the sirens call of munchies. It was midnight 30 at this point, and we were worried no place would be open. Luckily, they deliver on any order placed before zero dark 45!! Super helpful, even called in advance to notify us one of the dogs couldnt be completed cuz they were out of an ingredient. Upon arrival, the dogs were just as tasty as they are in restaurant, and in our state it tasted like a meaty ambrosia of the gods. I had the black knight, which is a super rich option for those of you looking to treat yourselves. Truffle fries are the best thing on the menu!! 
Till next time,
Jason "Derulo" FeltonI went in expecting a decent dog and a beer.  What I wasn't expecting was an amazing craft cocktail and phenomenal hot-dog combination.  Sat at the bar with old friends on a cold night and fully appreciated the structure they put up around the front door to keep the cold out on a snowy December Saturday.  The three of us polished off our dogs heartily; I highly recommend the Rocky Bal-boar-a.  It pairs well with their well made Manhattan.  The personnel behind the bar were friendly and efficient, which always makes better for a good experience.  I'll definitely visit again when I'm back up in Philly.My personal favorite is the Chicago Dog and they do a good job here. Toasted bun, great toppings (pickles, onion, celery salt, hot peppers) and the hot dog itself was great. Will return , fun resturant and great drink menu.Awesome different types of hot dogs!! My fave is duck hot dog with foie gras!!!! The crab dip was amazinggggg!!This review is for people who are vegetarians and are hanging out with friends at a hot dog place!
Good news, they do have a vegetarian hot dog under their "pilot your own dog" menu, where you get the option of customizing your hot dog. I forgot to ask what it's made of, but usually vege hot dogs are made up of soy. The hot dog added with toppings and.condiments was no doubt really good and I enjoyed it because it was different, and many would disagree with me here saying "there is no such thing as a vegetarian hot dog", but, I've had vege hot dogs before, you can find a pack even at target and it definitely TASTES like a hot dog, but here....nah....to me, it just tasted like I'm eating a big stuffed french fry. It did not have that smoky taste that a hot dog has (yes try the vege hot dog from target, you'll know what I'm talking about). I would still give this place 4 stars because eitherways, my sandwich was delicious, and the service was awesome!If hotdogs were planes capable of traversing across the world, then Destination Dogs would be the headquarters for the delicacy of stuffed sausages. Each dog is named after an airport code from around the world, utilizing either a protein from that area as well as the toppings. As a Texan I had to try the Howlamo SAT, which is the airport code for San Antonio, Texas. Honestly, I wasn't impressed with the wild boar filling as it was gamey and tough, but the toppings of pork belly, chicharones, baconaisse and scallions made up for it. The Salchicha Vergara from Columbia was my favorite. It's a fried hotdog with the typical fixins but coleslaw pineapple relish and crushed potato chips. Add a basket of fries and super friendly staff and it's a great place to eat, drink beer and watch the 76ers on TV.I'm a real fan of this place. 
Great atmosphere​ GREAT FOOD 
Great​ bartenders​ ( James ) 
Nice seating placement 
This is a place to have a good drink with friends you know​ for a while. Not a place if you're looking for​ a ​romantic scene. 
Not a place if you're looking for something else besides good vibe and good food 
-One * only because of my hotdog. I enjoyed it but the dog itself had no flavor, everything else on the dog ( steak, onions, etc.​) was AMAZING. 
On to the nextI've been here for dinner before and the hotdogs are always a fan favorite!! 
Today, our server, Jason helped us navigate the Sunday Brunch menu and it was impressive! Management was present and checking in with tables, which is a nice touch on a busy day. Highly recommend!!!I love this place! Staff is so nice and friendly, and always have great suggestions for drinks. They have a nice selection of rotating craft beers. 
The dogs are unbelievable. I've tried some from the menu and some "create your own", all are fantastic and are huge. Their patatas ridiculas is ridiculous. Definitely get, so good. The place has a fun vibe with some games and things as well!Pretty solid night spot. I got the One Bite in Bangkok, which had python meat. It is one of the more exotic meat choices. To me, it tasted like pork or a German sausage. My co-workers and I order fries and other appetizers because there is not much to the actual hot dog besides it coming with a few chips. The food was good and they do have a bar with a lounge with a pool table and arcade style game. I went there for lunch so could not partake in those options. The food is a bit pricey. I would go back again but only after going somewhere else or if I was not feeling super hungry.This place is so good, I make my own custom hot dog the way I had it when I was in Belgium and it always just takes me back. Prices are a bit much but if you want a custom dog this place is worth itI really enjoyed destination dogs! They really are all about the sausage  
The menu is 2 pages, and about 3/4 of that is dedicated to the hot dog options. They have a few appetizers and a single non-sausage entree. 
The destination themed dogs were inspired. They have a lot of meats, these are not your grocery store hot dogs! In addition to the traditional meats, they had duck, Italian wild boar, and even python and kangaroo. And everything is  customizable. Plus the buns are to die for - a slit of grilled Texas toast style bread, stuffed with a delicious dog and toppings, and you will go home happy. 
The drink menu was ok, trying to be too fancy and overpriced for what it is.The dogs are priced a bit high, but the service and the quality of the food was top notch. The price is worth it, considering that they make most of the dogs in-house.Cheat meal @destinationdogs It is such a beautiful day in #Philly today, I decided to drive downtown.  We parked at 10th & Spruce. Yes, must pay on Saturday!
There is indoor and outdoor seating. A beer menu, cocktails, mocktails, juices, lemonade, and soft drinks.
I ordered a mojito mocktail.
My daughter : ordered Corn Dog Nuggets + Fries
Me: El Borracho + Truffle Fries all beef hot dog wrapped in a corn tortilla, jack cheese, deep fried, topped with cheese, chipolte sauce, sour cream, and cilantro. This hot dog is usually on stick but I asked for a bun.
Teen: The Boston Red Hot all beef hot dog with baked beans and cold slaw.
Hot dogs are served with kettle chips. 
My only issue was the restroom. I could smell the restroom before I walked through the door. Also, no warm/hot water when I tried washng my hands.
The food was worth the trip. Kids ordered new dessert, belgian waffle, two scoops of vanilla bean ice cream, strawberries, and chocolate syrup.
.A lot of fun memories there. 
We will always miss you, Haley Morris. 
Every time I am in this bar, I will think of you, sweetheart.Great service and ambiance, but the food needs some work!
I visited this place on a Sunday and it was fairly slow. My friend suggested this place because she has heard about it from co-workers and has tried this restaurant before via UberEats. Upon entering the restaurant it was very spacious, almost too spacious. The bar was clean and the ambiance was great. Some spots were a little too dim but overall the vibe was good.
We had gotten an amazing waiter who was fairly new. He mentioned he was only 20yrs old and his birthday was in a couple of weeks. The service was great! My only issue was with the food and drinks. The drinks were made by the bartender and took very long to come, which I was very surprised because business was slow. There were very little people ordering at the bar so this was disappointing. We ordered a bunch of apps to start and hotdogs because I had never tried this restaurant before.
The food arrived super quick. The apps came out in the middle of the waiter taking our entree orders. After the first few bites, we realized that the food was very cold. For the food to come out so quickly we were surprised that it was cold. The appetizers were cold along with the entrees! Everything was cold! Especially being though it was just prepared. We knew right there and then that the food wasn't fresh!
We sent back our crab and artichoke dip because of the temperature. We could barely dip our chips because the dip was hard and clumpy, which if prepared fresh, would have been hot and melty. The melted cheese on top was weird because the temperature of the dip wasn't even hot enough to have to melt cheese on top. Furthermore, our waiter brought back out the same plate of crab and artichoke dip that we sent back after I'm assuming he put it in the microwave. He didn't even prepare the plate over from scratch.
Overall I probably will not be returning. For the amount of money we spent that night ($130) for dogs and the food wasn't hot and fresh. Even the chili over my hotdogs was cold along with the texas toast bun. Matter of fact all the topping were colder than the hotdogs themselves! The food needs work!So good and their cocktails are amazing too! Try the LAX burger with avocado and chipotle aioliI would have given this place 4 stars but because there was zero soap in the women's bathroom giving a 3. Like where is our waitress and the kitchen staff washing their hands after going to the bathroom??  The bathrooms as a whole were actually pretty gross. If you still want to eat after that their menu has a great variety of hot dogs, pretty good and not expensive at all ( probably because they don't pay for hand soap that helps the restaurant cut costs ‍). The service was good, the waitress was very nice and attentive, which is always a plus ! That's all, enjoy!This place is absolutely amazing. Their staff are the nicest people around!! Gotta call out Annie and Dave and Sal!! They work so hard and make me feel welcome! When no one is there, I get a lot of attention, when they're packed, I get the same attention!!! Honestly, I'd eat there every day. Also, best happy hour in town. $3 drinks??Folks, not sure of other reviews, but this place didn't work for me at all. I am Philadelphia for work and visited this place today, in fact writing this review at the place. $3 beer is good deal for happy hours in 2017! Staff is very friendly, lively and loud place, mostly young crowd. 
Now the real review... 
order veggie sausage with Chicago style. First bun is wrong, condiments are just OK,  and the worst part was dog is just fried potato.  
Not cool man!!! Not cool at all... 
sorry, but I've been to many dog places that had better veggie dog.Nice and clean inside, served exotic meats hot dog. Unique and taste great. The waitress was helpful.I will not be coming back here again. Me and my boyfriend came to eat at about 930 on Monday the 16th. The bald guy behind the bar and I'm assuming the bar back or server just looked at us. No greeting. Having never been we sat down as they watched us. They then both turned away and watched the tv. The server started talking to a friend at the end of the bar. The bartender just talked to the 3 people at his bar. We got no greeting and waited about 10 min. No one ever came over to ask if we wanted food, a drink. Nothing. So bad service. The food Iv had delivered was ok.. hoped to try it fresh off the grill. But I guess not. If my bosses found out I treated people that way.. I'd be fired.. so yeah hope the people posting here are actually clientele.. and not staff like so many restaurants will do.Love, love, love this place. Crazy hot dogs (python, kangaroo, alligator) and fun bartenders (Dave)!!!!wow this is a nice place. Pretty exotic food. A wide variety of menu items. Fries are big portions. Hot dog bun really crispy.this place is awesome, early happy hour with 3 dollars drinks! 
Also the wings and hot dogs are to die for!!!!  please go and enjoy! Dave was our bartender and he was soooooooooooooooooooooooooo great! this is my new go to place !There's an age old saying that "any idiot can complicate simply matters, but it takes a genius to simplify complicated matters". Whoever subscribed to that mentality has very obviously never tried Destination Dogs. 
You'd think that there are only so many ways you can make a simply hot dog different, beyond hot dog and bun, then you try any of of their hot dogs and realize you are mistaken. Destination Dogs offers various kinds of hot dogs, each of them with a consistent twist. Their buns are different from the ones you buy at the store, these are buttered and toasted to perfection -- creating a new taste altogether. And their sausage comes in duck, beef, lamb, etc. I really liked that they had a local and international menu; their international menu having a hot dog with ingredients specific to its country. 
I tried the Chicken Club through MealPass (a mobile application that helps users preorder select meals from participating restaurants) and found the process to be super simple. After placing an order the morning of, I simply walked over at the allotted time and collected my hot dog. I waited no longer than 5 minutes before I was set to leave. During my wait, I saw the restaurant ambience to be something of a sports bar and a fancy restaurant: complete with foosball tables and other arcade machines. Besides the bar, they had a decent seating area. 
I felt like the Chicken Club must have been the simplest (just based on what it sounds like), which leaves me dying to try some of their more exotic items on the menu. Will be back for Round 2.This place has the best gourmet hot dogs I ever had. I think it is even better than the local hot dogs you get at the respective places. This was my second time visiting this place and it never disappoints. The staff are friendly and service is pretty quick. We ordered the Chicago, Los Angeles, Argentina, and Greek. The Argentina one is just fair and not really impressed by it. But the other flavors we tried were really amazing!! We ordered 4 hotdogs for two people and we took two home.Made a point to stop in here today. I'm so glad I did, great atmosphere, great food and spectacular service! Jason was my server and couldn't have been sweeter, he even took the time to help me figure out some local attractions to focus on. I'd you are in the gayborhood you have to stop buy!Hot dogs are usually a quick and cheap summertime dinner for me, but not at Destination Dogs. Stopped in here on 4th of July to pre-game for the Phillies and we were not disappointed. We started off with a couple tallboys and eventually got the crab and artichoke dip to snack on. Dip was a little salty for my liking, but that's artichokes for you. We played pool, foozball, beer pong (arcade style, not actual), and corn hole while we waited for our hot dogs. It wasn't a long wait for the dogs; we ordered when we secured the corn hole bags from the bartender. I ordered the Columbia dog, and my boyfriend ordered the Poi Boy (location escapes me). Both included the pineapple relish and were amazing. Makes me wonder if I'll ever feel the same about my quick and cheap dogs and beans at home... 
Overall, solid bar with solid bar food - if you like meat. Good beer options. And the games in the back were really nice for a chill afternoon. I'd recommend this place to families, couples, and small groups of friends during the day, and to college kids and larger groups in the evening. Don't bother with Irish Pub or Moriarty's! Go to Destination Dogs.I expected a simple spot to grab a hot dog as I headed towards destination dogs, but boy was I mistaken. The place is much more than that. It's a nice restaurant, with a full bar, specializing in hot dogs & sausages.
The menu is extensive, with specialty hot dogs from all over the world. But I ordered something basic, a hot dog with chilli and cheese whiz. I also added a side of fries. This was no ordinary hot dog from a cart. It was a nice sized, perfectly put together chilli chese dog that was far more tasty than what you get at a cart. The fries were good too, and seemed to be fresh made in-house hand cut fries. I also had a chance to try a sausage called "The Poi boy: Maui". It's Wild boar sausage w/ pork belly, pineapple relish, teriyaki, honey dijon mustard. It did not disappoint. The flavors complemented each other well to make a unique and tasty dog. 
The chef clearly knows how to put together flavors. And I know it sounds weird to call someone a chef at a hot dog place, but I feel like the person who put together these dogs deserves that title. I'm looking forward to going back and trying the bratwurst, since Philly is lacking when it comes to good brats.After a long day in the cold, these hot dogs are the only thing needed to cheer a person up! The menu is crazy amazing-duck dogs, chicken dogs, beef dogs, you name it they had it- and it took quite a few minutes to chose what to order. I ended up getting the India dog (with samosa filling-yum!!) and French fries for the table. My goodness was that hot dog delicious!! The bun was a soft, toasted bread-not what you would expect for a hot dog- and the veggie dog was excellent, completely passing my standards. The toppings made it all that much more decadent, and added some extra flavor. Even the fries were delicious. And perhaps the best part? They're open super late! Need a midnight snack, head to destination dogs! This hot dog bar is amazing, and I hope to return soonTook me a while to get here, but was totally worth the wait! My bratwurst was sooooo good. The beans were a little too sugary for me, but that's the way most people like them. Suprised this was a full service restaurant. Our waiter was friendly and helpful. I would give 5 stars, but they had run out of pretzels by 2pm on a Thursday.I got the hot dog from Mexico, first of all, the bun is clearly amazing, so fresh and toasted. It makes an amazing hot dog. Then the toppings were all fresh, it was just a perfect hot dog. To top off my experience I got cheese fries and they were also phenomenal!!! The theme of the restarting is so cute too. AMAZING. Must go!!Loved this place. They make their own hotdogs, which vary but meat and flavor based on the different country choice. The place wasn't too busy around lunch so we were seated right away. The service was great and speedy.
We got the breakfast hotdog and the bbq beef short rib hot dogs (forgot the country) and both were soo delicious and creative. I also have 5-6 other hot dog countries on my list for the next times I visit. The deviled eggs and truffle fries were also both super delicious.
Drink prices aren't too bad, but they have REALLY good deals during happy hours. The hot dogs are tasty but might not be filling enough for some (depending on the hot dog). That's fine though, since there are so many sides that are worth ordering to share alongside your meal.
Overall, I was a huge fan of this place. Can't really go wrong- it's unique, delicious, and not too hard on the wallet. I'll be coming back.Went in for work lunch, menu was awesome they have some thing for everyone. I ordered the Oscar Los Angeles LAX and an order of truffle fries. The service was great and quick, our server was really informative and helpful. If you are in the area definitely give them a try. I will be back to try a different destination.We ordered carry out and had a beer while we waited.  The food was really good. The space is a bit strange, though.  Hot dogs, fancy bar, pool tables, chic decor.  It seems like they don't really have an identity.  It's probably going to come back and bit them.