After a brief visit to the Mummers Parade, the guy and I stopped by Devils Den while walking down 11th Street. It was my first time there. We were immediately seated and walked by a nice, warm fireplace. Our table was by the bar and the stools were high. I don't mind this, it wasn't too crowded but fairly busy. There is another room with more tables. They had the Mummers on TV.
Viewing the drinks menu, I was glad to see they had $10 flights and I chose the Import flight. They have a very diverse beer menu as a lot of the other reviews have mentioned. We chose mussels. He had the mussels over pasta and I ordered the mussels Diablo which was spicy but not overly so. It came with fries, bread and dipping sauce. The food was very good but I thought the fries were a little soft. 
The service was great. Our waiter was friendly and joked around with us. Apologized for the wait on receiving our check. The wait for drinks and food wasn't long especially for being very busy. I didn't see the bathroom but I heard it was horrible. 
Overall, I would like to visit again, especially for the flights and they look like they have a really great brunch.[8/28/08 update]
Craig LaBan just gave the Den one Bell. Ouch. His criticisms were accurate though. While the beer selection, service, atmosphere etc are all great, they just can't figure out the food. We recently got a crabcake napolean, and my wife said it was amazing, and I'm sticking with the thai mussels, but I've given up on getting a good burger. It's too inconsistent, and always a bit of a letdown compared with a monk's or royal tavern burger. I REALLY want the Den to find some good dishes and do them right every time, it just hasn't happened yet.
[4/2/08 update]
The Devil's Den opened last night, so a bunch of neighbor/friends headed over to check it out. It's got the makings of something really good, but it has a ways to go. 
The decor is pretty nice - not divey, but not too showy. Less rustic than the Royal or the POPE. I didn't see any Eagles decorations, but it's still early. The second floor, which is rumored to host 8 beers on tap in addition to the 16 on the first floor, is still under construction. I felt the beer list was a little gimmicky....lots of beers with demonic/satanic names - I would have liked to have seen a wider selection of domestic craft beers over the themed selection. The kitchen had a sprinkler complication so there was no food on opening night. We did get to meet the owners, Scott and Erin, who both seemed courteous and ready to bring their experience running Manayunk's Old Eagle tavern to the Devil's Den.
The draft beer selection was pretty good and reasonably priced. I had several glasses of a strong ale at $5/glass, and there's enough variety of domestics and european beers on tap to keep me interested in returning again and again. One downside was that a friend ordered Heradura on the rocks and it rang up at $15/glass. That's kinda crazy...maybe they only have the most expensive type, but it was a shock when we got the bill. 
It was a warm night, so there were several large windows and doors open, which gave the main seating room a nice al fresco feel (if you were close to these openings). The music was not too loud and at times was drowned out completely by the crowd, which is the way I prefer it. I do wonder how summertime noise levels will jibe with the neighbors, who are certainly not foreigners to noise, with the Nam Phuong/Pho 75 restaurant complex and Washington ave so close.
I look forward to seeing how this place fills out, and hope to give it more stars once I try the food and they get their sea legs.Went here last night for happy hour. The happy hour is amazing!!! Wonderful beer selection  and the bartender knew his stuff.  Service was great and I totally dug the atmosphere.
They had a nice fire roaring, massive attack playing and it was just so damn cozy!!!
I do believe I will be a frequent visitor here.Half price Happy Hours!!! Great Bear!! Good Food!
Half price Happy Hours!!
Half price Happy Hours!!!
Half price Happy Hours!!!
Half price Happy Hours!!!
Half price Happy Hours!!!
Half price Happy Hours!!!This place is great! Always a decent crowd I've never seen this place empty! Very good selection of wine and beers. Service is always good as well! 
Now for the best part... The food! Sooo good. Must try the famous duck fries! Shredded duck confit over ipa cheese fries! 
So good! Also try the mussels they are fabulous! I love the aventinus cream & leeks mussels or the Diablo spicy chipotle mussels and they're served with crusty bread to sop up the goodness and choice of fries or pasta! Flat breads are good as well! Don't pass this place up!I like beer, I drink a lot of different styles of beer, devil's den makes even a knowledgable beer geek feel like a beginner.  Their draft list is always lined with several beers I've never heard of which is awesome.  Their prices are good and their half-off all drafts is the best happy hour in Philly period.Been here twice and my complaint is about service. Yes, they have good beer, and the food I had was tasty enough. I just don't know why it took 40 minutes to come out when we were the only people there. Bartender and server friendliness does not overwhelm, either. I return to the places where I feel welcomed, and the energy is positive and friendly. There's so many bars that out perform, I'd only go back if there was a planned meeting that was not under my control.Wow!!! What a great place.  Among other things we had the Aventinus mussels which were just outstanding!!  They were some of the best mussels I have ever had, and I have had mussels all over the place, including Belgium, Germany and France.  They were plump and super fresh  made in a leek, Aventinus beer, cream, garlic and bacon sauce.   Also had the burger with gorgonzola which was delicious.  The mussels though were amazing,  served with fries and delicious garlic bread, really tasty.  Pair it with a great beer selection and you have a perfect combo.
We have been twice and service was good both times.   Ambiance is nice, typical neighborhood bar, a bit on the noisy side, but that is to be expected.Based on beer, they get 5 stars. Based on food, 2 stars. Not that the food is bad, it is not. It is quite delicious. Its the lack of options. Most of the food is fancy, which, is what the owners want to portray, which is great. But, if you are feeling picky, it seems like the options force you in a certain direction, like it or not. 
Haven't been there since the change in chef and the revamp of the menu. That changed last night. 5-7 is Happy Hour, which is 1/2 off drafts. THAT is a great deal. Nothing like drinking superb beers for half the price. Ordered mild wings. The meat literally picks clean from the bone. The sauce is not over powering and sloppy. Flyers game is on, place is busy. Not overly packed like it was Game 5 of the World Series two years ago. 
Ordered Aventinus Mussels. Amazingly delicious. I could swim in the broth. Fiance ordered braised pork sandwich. She said it was delicious. Beer was great. Atmosphere was perfect. A definite pro-Flyers crowd that was not obnoxious. 
I will go back, as the beer is alluring. I am hoping they can add a few more options to the menu to make it more rounded.Fantastic happy hour, and a lovely location. Sitting outside when it's nice out is fantastic. Great beer selection! The happy hour appetizers are lackluster.  The bartenders are a little weird and grumpy though.  That being said, they did let me still have happy hour prices when I ordered at 6:58 and it ends at 7:00 pmI went here for the first time a few days ago, and their beer selection is freakin amazing.  This is a really cool place, I would definately go back again.  The food is good too.  Great service.Great place that I think people forget about.  Super cute, has a fireplace so makes it a cute, casual date place.  Food is very good.  I've been here twice and both times, service and food was great.  The have a great happy hour special where all beers are half off and some apps too.  The popcorn is bangin and their pretzel bites (more like pretzel biscuits) are damn good!Surprised, really surprised. That's how I felt stepping into this hidden spot one block south of Washington among the galaxy of Vietnamese joints. The food is tasty; the beer list is extensive and fairly priced; and the place is clean. My usual walk from my house north to Fergie's will no longer be the default. 
If the waitress had poured my Duvel properly, I would have probably gone the full five stars. Perhaps a small gripe, but I think a bar offering nice Belgian beers in their proper glasses should get the whole routine down.
Regardless, Devil's Den looks to be a great easy meal out or a spot to watch the game.Very enjoyable experience. Food could have been warmer but the taste was awesome. Very nice setting (especially later in the evening), and both beer and wine was great as well. It was crowded and if you sit next to a yeller you will be part of his convo, but I would reccommend this as a place to dine for many occassions.Beer list: 5 stars.  Seriously amazing, and on par with the more established beer bars in town.  
Service: tough to rate. Seriously pushy and overattentive to start, and then she disappeared during our meal.  I understand that she is probably well versed in their beer options and would be able to make an educated recommendation if we'd needed one, but when she came over every ten seconds, it didn't allow us the perusal of their rather long beer list to know what the options were.
Food: inconsistent.  Chickpea fries were awesome.  Everything else was ok.  Onion rings with the seitan sloppy joe were seriously greasy--they left a puddle of grease on the plate.  Flatbread was average.  BBQ pork had a lot less flavor than pork normally would.  
I'll definitely be back for beer.  And sit at the bar.i sooo want to like devils den...but the past three times here i have had not so great servers who ruined my experience. ugh. its such a cool place with such great beers...Great beer and cozy tables! A wonderful winter spot. But the service was not great. Our waitress couldn't hear us and didn't take any time to talk to us. We felt like we were bothering her.It pains me to give Devil's Den such a negative review because I genuinely do enjoy the mussels and flatbreads when I hit it up for a late night dinner. However, no amount of delicious mussels can offset the atrocity I experienced upon brunching here. 
It all started one super-hungover Sunday morning. My boyfriend and I first tried Hawthornes (1 hour wait) then called over to Sabrina's (1 hour 15 minute wait). After choice one and two were nixed, we started brainstorming where to go next. During the brainstorm process we passed Devil's Den and decided to try it despite several people telling us the brunch was subpar at best. 
Those people were exaggerating. 
Though the restaurant was not crowded AT ALL we were sat directly in between the two bathrooms. Having worked in food service before this is a no-no. The worst table is the last table to go. After we had to asked to be moved, she sat us at a table which was so slanted that the water was spilling when it was placed down. So then we were moved again. 
After the seating debacle, we ordered. At the waitress' suggestion I ordered the breakfast quesadilla, and my boyfriend got the biscuits and gravy. His dish came out alone, I told him to eat, but he really didn't want to because it was just not good. So a few minutes go by and we ask where my stuff is. The waitress tells us it is about to be up. At least ten more minutes pass and my shitty quesadilla is finally served. The food is plopped down sans an apology for the screw up. It was clear the waitress forgot to put in my order, and I kinda wish she had just admitted it because, ya know, people screw up and I get it.  
The food itself was just not good. The biscuits and gravy made my boyfriend sick all day and the eggs in the quesidilla were so over cooked I don't know if they even qualified as eggs any more. 
My advice to Devil's Den: Stick to dinner. 
The only plus was my watery, tasteless bloody mary was only $3. huzzah...PROS- Excellent beer selection, great food (cheesesteak is great and I also like the cuban sandwich, my friends also like the mussels), service is always great. only 2 small TV's, flights of beer
CONS- South Philly parking, only 2 small TV's
This is definitely a great place!The staff is nice, the drinks/beer are fine but the new menu blows. The menu and food was just ok before but now it's really terrible. 
It doesn't know if it wants to be a pub or an Asian-fusion restaurant now, and honestly, none of the stuff sounds appetizing. The grilled cheese and cheesesteak empanadas were awful. Also, they seemed to have done away with their late night tater tots with cheese sauce which was probably the best tasting food item they had but never advertised or put on the menu.
I really hope things get better for this neighborhood bar.good spot, nice vibe - was kind of empty late fri night. really good beer selection is a plus and a decent menu. they overcooked my burger though and that sucked at the time. Plenty of space for a group is nice to have and it's not far from passyunk ave. I'll have to head back and do the 2nd run through to determine what's whatCute little restaurant in South Philly. Decent craft beer selection, I opted for a mixed drink and the boyfriend did a beer sample. The food was pretty good. The boyfriend got spicy mussels over pasta and I got the chicken ceasar sandwich with chickpea fritters. We also went back and had my birthday dinner here once, we were able to make a reservation and they restaurant was very accommodating. Friends overall enjoyed the place, the menu needs more options/some revamping.Amazing beer list?  Check.
Awesome happy hour?  Check.
Decent food? Check.
The Devil's Den is a solid place all around.  Though the atmosphere seems to be lacking in originality, the drinks, food, and service make up for it.
The draft list is always killer - this week has been a good one in particular, having stopped by here twice for Philly Beer Week.  If you want to try different beers, come during happy hour - all drafts are half off from 5-7pm. That is a steal for some of these top notch brews.
Food is quite good - though I've mainly dipped into the appetizer/finger food fare, the rest looks great, too.  I tried the tapas portion of their popcorn shrimp with a spicy chili sauce on the side - delicious.  Though I could have had quite a few more shrimp, the tapas portion was just right.  They also have tasty fries and chicken fingers with a variety of dipping sauces to choose from, which I love.
I'm definitely looking to move back down to this neck of the woods in a couple months, and I look forward to spending a lot of quality time here, especially at happy hour.This place has an excellent, always rotating, choice of beers.   Sign up for them on Facebook and follow what they have on tap any given night.   The food is also very good and the atmosphere is nice and relaxed.Fun, relaxed bar and restaurant. The bottles beer menu is extensive, especially if you are into sour beers. Their tap menu is also quite legit where you will find a continuously rotating menu of craft beers. (Apparently they just had a sour beer special last week).  Sour isn't my thing but the white IPA they have right now was pretty legit. Menu looked decent - I only opted for the Brussels sprouts with chili sauce. It was sI've been a fan of Devils Den since they opened (living up the street from them) - their beers (especially during Happy Hour!) and fireplace have always made this place top notch.  Their food has been hit or miss - this particular instance was a miss night with their truffle parmesan popcorn lacking both the truffle and the parmesan, and the popcorn tasted like it was popped a few days ago.  The big difference I've noticed (along with other regulars) is the change in service or lack there of.  The staff comes off as rude, the bartender is busy texting  while there are at least six of us sitting around the bar with empty beer glasses.  I don't know if there was a change of management but none of the familiar faces are there anymore and the new faces aren't up to par. The 1 star is for the great beer list and the fireplace - outside of that, it's not worth it anymore.It's an okay place good beer selection, however there is one barmaid named Colleen who is rather rude and obnoxious. She doesn't like the police, tends to spit on managers and tries to throw shoes at them. She also uses profanity and uses the "vagina card" to try and get out being arrested. I believe she had full time job as a "journalist," but she appears in amazing youtube videos when drunk. Also she tends to get noisy during comedy night.  Try the wings too.First off, If you're one of those "gastropub" people who wants to eat some over-concept weird food with your beer and football, this is not the bar for you.  If you want good food and a fantastic beer selection, this is an excellent choice.  I was dragged here for a birthday celebration thinking the place would be over-priced, but I was surprised to find a good selection of $4-5 dollar craft brews.  As for the food, everyone in our group liked their sandwiches.  I merely had cheese fries upon a friends rec, and they were an orgasmic belgian beer/earthy cheese sauce.  Reasonably priced for the quality.  I very much look forward to trying the truffle popcorn someday.Wish I could give half stars because I'd really give a 3.5 review. I've been to devils den a few times now. I like the decor, atmosphere, and beer. Now for the food: I tried eating here for dinner and felt as though it was very mediocre. It was so mediocre I can't even remember what I ordered. This past weekend I tried the brunch at the Den and wow! Duck fries and short rib with poached eggs were great.Neighborhood go to spot! Love the new menu! Servers are mostly great with the exception of a few with the "hipster I'm way cooler than you" vibe.
Best pulled pork in the city- especially on their nachos. Also their hummus platter is LEGIT.Great bar, great food.....Duck fat fries YES......started with the Micro flight and and fries. Both great, and had a special for dinner. Chicken Saltimbocca was amazing came with creamy polenta. Girlfriend went with tuna still flipping, jk but basically raw, also amazing. Also had a few pints of Anderson Valley Blood Orange Gose so good. Place was cozy and a great ppl watching place. Only down fall, parking  and we waited for 10 min before someone came to take or drink order. A waiter from a different section noticed we were not being helped and took our table. Daniel, thank you for going above and beyond. Can't wait to come back, Thank You...I live close so i've been there many times.  
HAPPY HOUR:  Devils Den at its best.  5-7pm 1/2 priced drafts (awesome selection) and $3 tapas menu.  Beer flights also half price, $4.50 for a belgian beer flight (4 8 oz glasses).
DRINKS: The beer selection is great, wines are expensive and not so great.  The bartenders are cool esp. Steve.
ATMOSPHERE: In the winter, the fireplace is a warm welcome on both the bar and dining-room sides.  They have a pile of logs next to it and the staff is diligent about keeping us cozy.
In the summer, the windows open for some fresh air and they have outdoor tables.
FOOD: nice gastropub menu on paper but food is inconsistent although getting better with time.  I disagree with the other reviews, the fries & their sauce are tasty; the mussels are good too.  The apps seem more like bar food than gastrofare.  Fried zucchini was good, a friend liked the quesadilla.  Friends have liked the sandwiches esp. the pulled pork.
I've been disappointed by specials like grilled rabbit (who grills rabbit? should have been a clue) but the duck entree was nicely done.
Check it out for Happy Hour and then go eat some cheapo delicioso mexicano fare in the area.Disappointed.  We could never visit because of young child, but finally did today for snack and drink.  The hostess was sweet.  The food was bland, unseasoned, uninteresting.  The waitress seemed untrained - eg. did not know how to give beer recommendations (even though this is a beer-centric restaurant).Devil's Den is a classic gastropub in South Philly. Inside decor is nice; outdoor seating is a plus. Beer list is top notch and  full of awesome craft beers.
The food menu is typical gastropub fare but accents some of their "spicy" items (to complement the "devil" theme). Some items are hit or miss, so I recommend the following:
- Duck Fries
- Spicy Duck Flatbread
- Mussels Diablo or ProvencalThis place is great! They have a real fireplace, great food, great service. I've never been disappointed going here. The burger is so yummy and you should really try the duck fries, no seriously.Best beer selection in this neighborhood. Cozy place to enjoy happy hour with the fireplace. Really great staff who knows their beer! 
Not crazy about the food here, but the beer makes up for it.This is an awesome part of the neighborhood! Amazing craft beers and friendly service. Their food brings me comfort and I love it.Mussels Diablo = DELISH
Calamari Salad = DELISH
Bison Burgers = DELISH
Draft Selection = Very Good
Outdoor seating is great for pet friendly diners :)Good fries, mussels were great.  Appetizers/small plates are big enough for dinner.  Most of the tap beers were IPA/some type of hoppy beer but still a great selection.Alright Devil's Den, buckle up! Just as we should have one Sunday night for dinner...
We were in the neighborhood and thought we'd stop in for dinner. We'd previously only ever had (some of the best) beer here and the occasional order of chickpea fries.
So we were seated. A server came with water and took our beer order, and it took pretty long to get our beers. Like I said, their beer options are why we had gone so many times without eating here - came just for the beer! 
We ordered mussels, I forget which. The mussels themselves were okay...but the accompanying fries were SO SALTY they were pretty much inedible. 
I ordered Fish & Chips and the BF ordered a cheesesteak. The entree was $15 which is entirely too expensive for not specifying the fish! Also because the fried fish was so greasy that it was mush. The potatoes were the best part of my meal here. Now, the BF isn't one to complain about food very often, so I didn't expect to hear anything from him...but! He said his cheesesteak was almost entirely flavorless. Sorry Devil's Den, your food is just not good. I hope y'all fix it. I wanted to like your food too.
We might still go for Sour Fest because it's a unique event and we've been going to it ever since it began...but let's hope we don't get hungry.This place is wonderful for the Happy Hour drink specials... 1/2 off all drafts, you can't really beat that in Philly.  They always have a ton of really good microbrews on tap, and a large selection of them.  Happy hour is a well known event, it is usually packed by 6 pm, so make sure to get there early if you want to get a seat.  
The food is ok, but the service can be a bit spotty.  The first time I went the burger I had was great!  Juicy and delicious.  The next couple times I went to get food, there was always an issue with my order or my bill.  One time I didn't get the right dish, I don't normally send anything back but this was completely wrong and I didn't want what I got... the server apologized and told me he would take my beer off the bill.  So then I had to wait about 20 minutes for my food while the rest of my party ate.  When we got the bill, he didn't remove the beer from the bill!  When I told him about it, he got kind of an attitude and said he DID take it off, but I only had one beer and it was still on there.  Eventually he relented... but that was a little annoying.
Next time I went there was another problem with my order.  We ordered two burgers cooked medium and they were completely raw inside.  This time I didn't return it, I just ate most of it and scraped out the inside.  Most people around me were just drinking or eating appetizers, so not sure why they felt the need to not cook our burgers completely through.  I don't mind waiting to get what I ordered!
Anyhoo, next time I'll probably just get beer and eat somewhere else.  There are plenty of other places to eat that have better food and service.My go to bar. Excelente for drinking- like, 6 stars-  aokay for food. Never a bad time; in fact, always a vunderbar time. Wish they had more food options though. I like to munch when I drink.Go for brunch!!  Get the Chickpea Fries to start!!!  Have fun!!!
I'm very glad our first brunch option didn't pan out.  Our waitress was extremely nice and went above and beyond at times throughout our meal.  The bloody mary's are nicely sized and perfectly blended!  I asked for it extra spicy and I didn't have to send it back for more spice!  And the bartender who made it was hot :-)
We had a community brunch of Juevos Rancheros, Chickpea Fries (AMAZING!!!!!!  We threatened to wrestle each other for extra!!), Crab Eggs Benedict, Smoked Trout Hash, and the Casino Omelette.
Juevos Rancheros wasn't very authentic looking...but was quite pleasing.  I CAN'T SAY CHICKPEA FRIES ENOUGH!!  I'm considering moving back to Philly just to be closer to these phenomenal little bites, which come with an awesome chipotle aioli!!!  
The Crab Eggs Benedict was visually appealing and tasty!  Just know that the crab meat is rather sweet (that caught us off guard at first but was fine once we knew what flavor to expect).  The Smoked Trout Hash was a table fav.  The Casino omelette was good...just fluffier than we expected it to be.  Intriguing flavors...and I do think I'd order the Casino Flatbread next time.  But I'm glad I tried it.  
The potatoes that came with the Benedict and Casino were so nummers especially when dipped in the aioli, which our waitress saw we liked and offered to bring out more at no extra charge :-)  The mixed greens served with the trout were plentiful and super fresh.
We were four happy post-yoga class campers :-)  I hear the restaurant has gone through many evolutions, some of which weren't so great.  So if you weren't satisfied the first time you went, I recommend going back now that they seem to have found their groove :-)The place is about a block for my house so I have been there several time. Every time I come I leave a little disappointed. I end up going again since it is so close. 
It is not that it's that bad it's that it is consistently inconsistent.
Drinks-
The bar is good and generous for beer and liquor. They have a long beer list and they are good with letting you try them.
The couple of times I got a glass of wine it was somewhat warm and tasted like it was opened a couple of days ago.
Food-
The menu sounds very cool and the food sounds very tasty.
I had good wings there with a nice buffalo flavor and on another time the wings arrived cold.
I had a great burger on one visit and when I had another sandwich (duck) it was dry on a bun that was probably a day or two old - or tasted like it was a day or two old.
The fries were undercooked a couple of times and really good on other visits.
I think fries, winds and sandwiches are the bare basics for a bar menu and they manage to mess them up.
I hope they read this review and work on improving the kitchen since the place has a lot of potential.What a cool bar. Immediately upon walking in, I was greeted with the sight of a hot, roaring fireplace and exposed brick walls. Both of these things are delightful to me.  The bar was hopping, full of bearded, classy and/or young people, so the waitress seated my bf and I in a corner seat in the back. From there we had privacy, and a good view of the rest of the bar.  The lighting was low and candlelit, which created a very sexy ambiance.  The drink menu was incredibly comprehensive and reasonably priced. I don't drink beer, but we ordered a raspberry and pumpkin ale beer. Both were exquisite and delicious.  I had a wonderful time, and would definitely come again during happy hour to enjoy more drinks and appetizers.Discovered this gem while driving in South Philly. Cozy and intimate atmosphere! Excellent selection of beers, excellent customer service, and even better food. Definitely a must visit.I just went here last night for an early Birthday dinner with some friends. I was able to make a reservation for the night before for a group of ten. Overall, everyone loved it here! The service was decent. Weirdly, they don't have ice or cold water? I don't know. But I got the Special Mussels of the night. It had chorizo, summer corn, jersey tomatoes, and petite shrimp in it. So delicious! They give you bread so you can dip it into the mussels broth and it either comes with fries or a side salad. I got their fries and I love the dipping sauce it comes with. The boyfriend usually get the diablo mussels over pasta. Apparently they don't do the mussels over pasta anymore but he requested it and they gladly made it with no upcharge! We also tried the Korean BBQ wings my friend ordered. We loved it but she was not use to the taste so she didn't like them. Some friends got the Cheeseteak Empanadas, Nachos, Pork Tacos, Cobb Salad, Pulled Pork Grilled Cheese, and more and they all loved their food!
Everyone tried a few beers from their draft/bottles list. They have a very decent selection and a lot to pick from. They usually have a few flights you can try too. The boyfriend got a sour beer flight and he didn't love it, but he drank it all. I got the summer mojitio and it was delicious!
My friends surprised me with a piece of their dessert and a candle for my birthday, so sweet of them! It was a chocolate peanut butter pie. It was soo gooood!!! but a little too rich for me. And i didn't like that they had whole peanuts it but it was really good. I just could not eat a whole piece by myself so the whole table shared it.
i just love it here!!! and i'm so glad my friends did too!!!Terrible sticky tables. Order was wrong but didn't say anything.  No domestic beers.  Was very disappointed.Four of us ate there.   Good beers, waitress was top-notch.   I ordered the cassoulet.   A couple bites in, I realized that the white beans were only half-cooked, still crunchy and dry inside, and the duck confit wasn't a confit at all but just a roasted duck leg-and-thigh, no resemblance to a true long-and-slow-cooked confit.   I told the waitress that the dish wasn't good; she said of course she'd send it back and would bring something else.  I went for the burger, figuring it would be the fastest thing to get, so I wouldn't be eating alone, with my companions done before my supper came.   Wishful thinking.   Maybe the chef was punishing me.  The burger took forever and my pals were long finished by the time the burger (it was decent) came.   And then we were stunned when the check came and it included the charge for the confit.   Our waitress was embarrassed and uncomfortable as she explained that the chef refused to remove the charge, and an unpleasant and complicated round of conversations ensued, while the manager behind the bar said we'd have to ask someone else, and someone else pointed to someone else, and someone else said the chef was in charge, and someone else said the chef wasn't, and finally the charge was removed, but it was really badly handled and left a bad taste in our mouths.   Too bad.  A fun place with great beers but some kind of tyrant -- and one who doesn't know a good confit when he/she sees one -- in the kitchen.Terrible service. I find myself drawn to sitting at the bar/hightops and secretly praying I don't get stuck in the dining room. While, as one poster already wrote, noone ever seems to be your dedicated server, the majority of the servers don't seem to care. Requests for WATER seem like a burden. One server tends to slam down your drinks every single time I order. Also, god forbid you want to move a chair from another table. This spot is NOT good for large groups.
The only reason I give this place a 3rd star is the Happy Hour can't be beat. The "tapas" are all tasty, and 1/2 price drafts are welcoming. Just don't sit in the dining room unless you want to leave with a bad taste in your mouth.I live around the corner from Devil's Den. I come here once every couple years and am reminded why I don't come more often. It's a comfy place, with a nice fireplace and a good beer list, but the food is so determinedly mediocre. I just went again and got a decent burger, but, right on cue, there was a twist-tie in the side salad. A twist-tie! It's like a parody of incompetent food prep. After I told the waitress, the manager offered me a second beer, which I didn't want, and otherwise did nothing. Also, I'm not into having TVs all over the place (a minority view, I know) and the service is sometimes sluggish. There are so many good little restaurants popping up all over South Philly! I wish this were one of them. It would totally be my local.Very reasonable prices and really amazing food!! They have a great beer selection and I've been there several times and literally never had a bad meal there! It may look like a local neighborhood bar from the outside, but the food there is DELICIOUS!!
Their brownie is by far the best brownie I've ever had in my life (we split it between 3 people and it was even a bit much for us, it was that rich).
I had a duck breast special one night which was the  best duck breast I've ever eaten.
Also yummy on their menu is the grilled duck flatbread. Yum.
The first time I got the chef's tasting menu, which was decadent and delicious. Their chef is a culinary artist and I'll definitely be back again and again!The best beer selection in Philly. Very balanced list. The food is good.
Happy hour between 5-7 Mon-Fri. Half all drafts and their themed Flights of 5 beers (i.e. 5 5 oz IPAs).I have had the chicken sandwich and mussels here, and both were pretty good.  One of their "things" are home made pickles, but unfortunately they are not dill, but more like bread and butter pickles (which is one of the only foods I despise).
They have a decent draft selection, and an extensive bottle selection. The mostly wood interior is nicely done, giving it relaxed feel, without being grungy.  The last time i was there, the bartender said they are hoping to get some outdoor seating (hopefully by mid June), but they were waiting from approval from the city.
I have not had the chance to go there for happy hour, but with 1/2 price drafts, and a special happy hour "tapas" menu, it looks like a great option for a post work drink and small bite.Great beer list. Nice vibe. Good Staff. The food menu seemed too duck-centric. The duck fries have a blob of brown goo on them. Nasty, but some may like it.I think I liked Devil's Den. Maybe because their signage is cool, but still. I think I liked it!
Or maybe because I drank a Roy Pits Ichabod's Midnight Ride Belgian style ale. First of all, ICHABOD'S MIDNIGHT RIDE! So great. Also, Sleepy Hollow? Great movie. Second, it was delicious, if you like sweeter beers. Ugh. So good.
It was strange though, their prices were a little odd. Some beers were rather expensive, while others weren't at all (mine was $4). They had the Franziskaner Heffeweissen for $6, and I know that it's at least a dollar cheaper at Local 44.
The food was good, too, but I didn't really sample enough to know for sure.
If I'm in the area, I'd see myself going back.I waited awhile since my visit to write this review as I was new to the area and wanted to be very fair in what I had to say. 
First, the food is excellent. Props to the kitchen and cooks. I have not tasted a better burger since I've been here and my husband's pulled pork was amazing as well. Crispy, tasty fries, great buns, the food is great.
The décor is nice, it's clean, it's comfortable and relaxed with decent ambiance for a bar/restaurant.
It's a little high in price but that seems to be normal for the stretch it's located in, other places have good burgers for under 13-15$ but really, it's an excellent burger. That's not going to keep me away at all. 
Here's what's kept me from coming back and choosing other places instead. The staff. We came in afternoon on a Monday with only two other people there, both at the bar and we were absolutely treated like an inconvenience. I thought maybe it is just being new to town and this is the normal here, but we've been to a lot of places now and no where else was the wait staff short with us, smack the edge of the table while I was looking at a menu I didn't know to look her in the face, walk past us over and over while we said excuse me for more drinks. We had come in to celebrate and we left feeling very unwelcome. We keep talking about how good the food was, and maybe we should come back but then think, no. We didn't feel good when we left, we came in happy and left full but awkward and wondering if we had done something wrong. We have family coming into town next week and brought up the idea of coming here and the same reason put the idea down. We're from Chicago, people are really rude in Chicago. But we still hadn't been just ignored and treated like we shouldn't even have walked in the door. It was disappointing. This would have been five stars if that hadn't been how things were, and it's why I waited to see if other wait staff is like that in general here, but it hasn't been the case.This place is spitting distance from my house so I go every so often. If it wasn't I'd have no reason to. Food is OK at best however brunch is awful! Good beer menu. Patchy service.Love this place! I haven't stopped in here in a while and did I regret it! I stopped in for lunch and ordered the salmon Blt which was freakinggggg amazing the best Blt bread has been blessed to fill itself with lol and the duck fries  shredded duck confit and ipa cheese sauce over lovely thin crispy fries!!!! And I also orders a deelish Texas honey cider the had on tap! And would up ordering 2 more! I left so full and satisfied! Server was also very attentive and friendly! Hats off to the chef well done as always!I have always wanted to try DD but stayed away due to some mediocre reviews but glad I finally stopped in.  It was refreshing to see an eclectic group of people scattered about the bar and the dining room.  The little food we had consisted of a beet salad and scallops were more than adequate.  The topper was the beer selection which called my name at from every angle.  Our short stay was pleasant and enough to elicit a return.  Definitely a solid choice in an area not too hopping with beer joints with the potential to stand alone.This is a good bar. Their beer selection is good. I have never had a bad meal. Good beer and good food. The atmosphere is positive and the staff is always nice and helpful. It is always a pleasant and relaxing experience going to Devil's Den. During the colder months the warm fire is great. During the warmer months, the open windows and outdoor seating are great. There's one negative. Their glasses, whether pint or small glasses, are always warm. I order a pint, the pint glass is warm. I ask to test a beer, the little glass is warm. Maybe the beer cooler that the glasses sit on gets warm thus warming the glasses that sit on top. Please, I love coming here and will continue but, can a brother get a cold glass? Maybe, just not a warm glass? There's nothing worse than grabbing your freshly poured pint and feeling a warm glass. In review, good bar, good food, good times...warm glasses.It was a Monday night so it wasn't packed (though still quite busy - which says a lot).  I liked the space, but the music was a tad random, and not in a good way.  I can't say much else since I just sat at the bar and drank myself into happiness, but the bartender was quick with a refill.  I hope to go back one day since the food looked/smelled good.I've been to the Devil's Den a handful of times and every time I've enjoyed myself.  The service is pretty good.  The one woman bartender is a tough woman and very sarcastic.  Needless to say she had me laughing while I was drinking my delicious IPA.  The Happy Hour is great(half price drafts) and the beer selection is incredible.  It's very fancy and there are a lot of people that are not the kind of people I'd hang out with going there, but the crowd is much more tolerable than the P.O.P.E. in my opinion.  I'm moving back to South Philly in a couple of months and I think this will become my go to bar for good beer.Good
Fries and
Solid beer
List. The music
Was all over the place. Sports on tv.Sensational Scallop appetizer special tonight, great atmosphere, awesome music.  Will be back.Back where I'm from, there's a place called Shawarma King which specializes in Mediterranean food.
Wait, hold on.  This is going somewhere.
Alright, so they have good Mediterranean food but they thought ahead to that stick-in-the-mud-type who doesn't want to try anything beyond a what they could find at an Applebee's.  So, this Mediterranean place has such things as hamburgers to placate these types. 
Well, it turns out that if you're a vegetarian, your choices are also limited at this place so it became quite humorous when my friend, a vegetarian, ordered a "grilled cheese sandwich" and got a single piece of yellow kraft american cheese between a white hamburger bun.  
The Devil Den's vegetarian sandwich is even more comical than that. 
Yes, they had good beer and my sandwich was alright but I wish I could have had my camera to capture my girlfriend's face when her vegetarian sandwich was put in front of her. It was about as excited as when she opens her Christmas present from her extremely out of touch grandma.Although I wouldn't knock off a star for it, I can't recommend going here for Friday happy hour anymore.
Devil's Den maintains the high honor as my favorite South Philly bar for happy hour.  A phenomenal frequently rotating and massive tap list at half price from 5-7 Monday through Friday.  I regularly get amazing beers here for unbelievably economical prices.
The reason for this update?  Many, many other intelligent beer drinkers have discovered this place and the service on Fridays has suffered tremendously.  The service at both the bar and at tables is often pretty slow considering we're just ordering beers.  I've felt a bit ignored and then when ordering had to feel guilty for trying to put in a beer order for all of my friends at once (who have had a dry glass for 10-15 minutes).  The service has also bordered on downright rude.  One time I asked if there was still time for happy hour prices, was told "You got it boss," put in my order and then everything came full price on our receipt.  When I complained I was scolded by the bartender for ordering beers "last minute."  Is this not a universal happy hour tradition?
I figure they just lack the amount of servers and tenders needed for how busty happy hour gets.  Regardless, I recommend avoiding Fridays and coming ANY other week night.  And DO GO any other week night.Outstanding service & great beer/drink selection. Good people in this establishment. Happy hour food deals is always nice. Great spot.Last time I went to Devil's Den I remember horrible service, okay food and 3 lines tapped with no replacements in sight. My last visit, however, was much improved. This place first landed on my radar for the happy hour. M-F 5-7 gets you half priced drinks. And that's on top of the already reasonable prices. For beer selection, Devil's Den doesn't disappoint. Even though I don't go often, they always have something new for me to try, and I really appreciate that.
The decor here is great, I really like this place and it has a great long wooden bar. There are a few large screen TVs. I went here to watch a hockey game, and while there was music playing all night, the bartender turned up the TV's audio all the way so I could here the game a little bit. The service here does need some work. Everyone just seems to be moving on a slower pace, but it wasn't horrible.
I like the menu here. Dan ordered a raw meat platter and he enjoyed that. It had a lot of interesting different pairings, and the only complaint would be that it wasn't very filling for $15. I ordered the burger, my standard go-to. I ordered a cheeseburger, but it came out without my cheese. It was a few minutes before I could even get the bartender's attention to get it fixed, but I got a free beer for the ordeal. No harm, ho foul. There was harm in how it was cooked. I ordered medium rare, and it wasn't even close. No part of the inside of my burger was pink. The bread is great, the fries are good, and its served with a great aioli. If it came out with my cheese and cooked to order, I would be pretty satisfied. I was also out with Quinn, who is a lover of well done burgers, and she was still talking about it a few days later. I'm definitely willing to give it another go.
Bottom Line: They have a great happy hour here, good beer selection, and reasonable prices. It's not amazing, but Devil's Den is a welcomed retreat, especially in winter when you cozy up next to the fireplace, which brings the whole place up a notch on a blustery evening.Moved to the neighborhood a few months back and was quite excited to hear there was a great beer bar nearby. There's no doubt the selection is pretty impressive (they even have my favourite beer from back home, which the baretenders mis-pronounce) and it's comparatively priced with other like bars in Philly.
However, the food is very bland and the atmosphere non existent. The only time we sat in the restaurant, we were made to wait 45 mimutes, having been given a 10 minute wait estimate and we were served very slowly by 2 different waitresses. The food was very over-priced for the low quality, I hope their cook doesn't consider him/herself a chef.
1 star for beer selection and a 2nd for having my favorite. No stars for food, atmosphere or service.Food is hit or miss, and a little overpriced for the portions. The wait staff is subpar and the management is terrible. Used to like going here but there are a few bad experiences that have changed my opinion of this place.I've been here dozens of times and have *never* been disappointed. They have an enormous beer list, the ambiance is great, and the food is always excellent. This is my go-to place for drinks with friends. The bartenders are always nice, attentive, and knowledgeable about the beer list. The waitstaff are also prompt and pleasant. Excellent happy hour specials on both food and drinks. Can't say enough nice things about Devil's Den, but I will say one more: The fireplace is so cozy in the winter. 
Love this place.went there again in the winter during a snow storm. like i said it's the closest bar to my house, so it was the logical choice. i loved the hot fireplace. the beers are great. made the mistake of eating again. i ordered the $16 chicken pot pie, hoping it was at least as good as the one at the Standard Tap. It wasn't close. It was more like a bowl of chicken pot pie campbells soup, with the crust sitting on top. That's right, no crust underneath the soup. I'm pretty embarrassed that I ordered the $16 pot pie to begin with. But it was a blizzard and it sounded so good. My lady ordered a veggie quesadilla, which was disgusting. But like i said, the beers are good, and it's cozy in there.First time at this place. Surprisingly satisfied with the food. I got the garlic-hummus pita and pretzel buns with spicy mustard (both on sweet happy hour  menu). Really flavorful. I'm a sucker for warm, crusty carbs. The beer I didn't try, but they have a robust menu. I did have a sip of the cider. Dry and crisp. The wine I was not satisfied with. I got a house cab on happy hour... and it was so distasteful I couldn't drink it. The bartender noticed that I wasn't drinking, however, and questioned. He was awesome and gave me a new glass of wine, which tasted much better. Can't knock the service. Good experience. Pretty packed on a Thursday night.Service sucks! I was ignored by the two male servers while sitting outside, it wasn't so busy that they were too busy to get to me, they completely ignored me until I walked inside and grabbed my own menu and asked to be  seated.  I was nice just so that jerky red headed waiter wouldn't spit in my food. 
I only stayed because I was waiting for a friend there and she knew the chef, after all the waiting the food was really good so I had to give the extra star.I went to the Den twice in three days. First a group of seven and then just a two top. 
My big group was a Saturday night with no reservation. Surprisingly we were only waiting at the bar for 15mins before seating. Service overall was great. 
If you like beer like I do..(I like it alot) then you should be pleased with the Devil's selection. It's vast. The cocktail and beer menu has a short but informative description. Everything from ales to lagers.I had heard some good things about the new pub Devil's Den, so we headed to South Philly.  After nearly walking by the place since it only has a chalk board on the street as a sign, we were pleasantly surprised to find 16 beers on tap and old friend and fellow Delco Guy Randy Walker behind the 15 seat bar.  After trying a few of Randy's suggestions, my companion passed on a Hennepin in favor of an EXCELLENT Ayinger Brau Weisse and I went with a Maredsous 8.  Anytime you can get two beers of this quality on tap, things are looking good.
Then we ordered the Mussels au Lager.  We should have stopped with the beer.  My companion's second shell creature was so bad it made her gag.  I had a few good ones before I had to admit some were good and some were just plain awful.  It seemed as though a good batch was mixed in with an old batch.  I soldiered on, while my companion ate the very good fries while passing on the below-average side of mayo.
The mussels necessitated a trip to the very nicely done bathroom, and we paid up and headed out.  While I loved the location, ambiance, beer selection and HD TVs,  bad mussels and good beer is a combination I can find lots of places.  Given that friends had a similar recent experience at Devil's Den, I'm not sure I can recommend the food.  Do drop in and see the proud new papa behind the bar though!In all the times I've visited Devil's Den, I think I may have had the food one time.  And honestly, I was already a few beers deep and can't really remember anything about it.
So I'm going to talk about their Happy Hour.
What a great deal they have here!  Monday through Friday, from 5 to 7, half priced draft beers.  Now at a generic bar that serves generic beer it may not be that exciting, but Devil's Den has one of the best beer selections around.  Each time I've visited, I've been able to try a new beer that was absolutely delicious.  They also offer beer flights (which I've never sampled)
Scene wise, it's a pretty chill atmosphere.  I hate those happy hours where everyone's in a suit, and you feel like a bum if you went home and changed. You know those type of happy hours I am talking about!  
The only bad thing is that the bar area tends to get a little crowded.  There are tables on the wall across the bar and it makes it difficult to stand around-- we usually try to get there as early as possible to stake out bar stools.
Another nice thing about Devil's Den is that 11th street has a decent amount of street parking- if you are coming from work in your car, that is clutch.  Just don't drink and drive!  I'm serious!A friend lives in the area and raves about this place. I read several reviews here as well and the food looked tantalizing....Our party of three went to Devil's Den and a scorching Sunday afternoon. I was looking forward to some icy air conditioning, but it wasn't all that cool in there.  We sat at the bar for a few drinks. We sampled some of their sour selections. Apricot and then a ginger offering. Interesting, but couldn't see drinking more that a sample.
 The bartender recommended a German bottled beer, Gaffel Kolsch.  It was delicious and I had several.  The menu was small, seemed to be pared down for the summer season. Not many of the items that I see being reviewed (veggie quesadillas, pulled pork nachos, short rib cheesesteak) appeared.  We ordered wings, Mussels diablo and nachos. The wings were huge, meaty and hot.  Decent wings. The mussels came in a flavorful broth that had pieces of bacon and garlic visible. Garlic bread was served with the mussels, as well as a side of fries.  The fries were shoestring style, but limp and soggy.  Our nachos took forever and they ended up taking them off the check since we waited so long. The nachos were not that good. They weren't cheesy, had no guacamole, olives or jalopenos. Just chips with black refried beans, a splash of salsa and a weird white tasteless glob. Couldn't tell if it was sour cream or some sort of cheese. 
Staff were all friendly and personable. I got the feeling that this place was summer slacking food wise. Would like to come back in the fall when hopefully more effort is made.Cool little spot. Food was really good, beer selection was small but on-point. Music on the jukebox/bartenders iPod was great. Really enjoyed myself here.They have a really nice beer menu. Pages and pages and pages of good brew. Their drafts were very pleasing as well, although not nearly extensive (obviously).  Staff were Ahhhhiiittteeee.... Pretty down to Earth and not too full of their own Shite. The food was Uhhhhh.... Alright.  I mean its a pub. Good munchies.Decent place too grab a beer and they have a decent selection. Bartenders are friendly and attentive. The food is sub par and this place can get very loud and rowdy.Great place to go for happy hour! $3 drafts and even though the food wasn't discounted, it was totally affordable. The tapas are definitely worth getting, especially the veggie quesadilla. Will come back again!Alright, I have lived across from DD for the last year and unfortunately things have gone downhill since the chef change. Getting rid of my favorite Blt sandwich was a start but then the service has been terrible as of late. My wife called ahead last week and the hostess (who admittedly is the nicest person in there) said "oh there are plenty of tables". Our walk is literally 30 seconds across the street and we get there and she then days it's 25 min wait because she just gave her last table away. Fine, 4 of us squeeze into a corner of the bar and there were two bartenders. One was tending half the bar the other was changing a tap. The guy stays on his side and doesn't even glance to the other side. The other bartender spent ten min changing the tap then proceeds to go to the other side as well. Another guy next to me is waiting and she finally comes over and he says "he was here first" and her response was "he can wait" wow. 
The food can be ok. Chik pea fries are good but in general food is overpriced. They did just add outdoor seating, but jeeze can you clean up 11th street a little first as there is debris all over the sidewalk near the tables. The waitresses can be friendly but it's mixed. 
On the flip side in the winter the atmosphere can't be beat with the brick and the fireplace.One of the most pleasant eating out experiences I have had lately. Really nice outdoor seating, super friendly and competent staff and solid food made with quality ingredients. My friend says the duck fat fries are killer. 
As for what we had...bacon wrapped dates with whipped Maytag, veggie burger and diablo mussels...everything was good. Will be going back and soon.So, I really want to love this place. It is in our neighborhood and has a good beer selection. Sadly, after several attempts both for brunch and dinner, I must admit that the beer selection cannot make up for the terrible service, and sub-par food. As far as brunch goes, the fries are great, but the veggie burger is a tasteless mush. The flat bread pizzas for dinner are disappointing.
As far as service goes, man, it is really really awful. If I order a 12$ bottle of beer, the least you can do it pour it in the glass, not just toss it on the table. In addition, if I order a beer (like a WeizenBock) that needs to be poured a certain way I expect the server to pour it in the glass. This is basic service. My husband and I have had to flag down our server on ALL occasions to get another beer, or to ask to have our plates cleared. Seriously, at least twice we have had to different servers walk by our table, look at it (empty glasses, stacked empty plates) and walk away. None of the times we have dined there has it been very busy. 
Sadly, sitting at the bar has not been a positive experience either. The bartenders seem to change pretty frequently and it is rare that they know the beer list or even understand the drafts. 
So, what a bummer! So. Philly desperately needs a good beer bar with good food and solid service. Devil's Den just doesn't rate.This place is a hidden treasure in South Philly. It sits on 11th street hidden behind a Vietnamese shopping center. We have been there 2 times and enjoy their beer selection. They have a wide selection of Belgian beers and even have a sampler for like 5-8 bucks. Things to try are their spicy chorizo mussels, which I think is the best I've had. It's flavorful, and you just want to use the bread to sop up the sauce. For brunch you can get 1000 open table points which is halfway towards a $20 gift certificate from open table. It has a cozy atmosphere with a smokeless fireplace in the middle of the room. Parking is doable in that area. It's a really nice hidden gem in South Philly. Can't wait to try their happy hour.Food is definitely getting better since they've changed chefs. Perfect? No. Good?  Yes.
There is one server there, I think her name is Mindy, who seems to hate her life so much when she's working to the point that it affects the service. I think she should get another job or something because her lack of enthusiasm is a real buzzkill.Awesome beer selection and $3 happy Hour beers, you can't go wrong.  I really liked this place.I was with my girlfriend at the bar having a late night snack. The food was delicious and service was much appreciated by the guy with the batman shirt. He was very attentive and fun to talk to.  I would definitely come back with more friendsGreat to sit by the fireplace on a dreary winter day!  Nice warm atmosphere, with exposed brick and wood beams, with friendly staff.  The beer selection is typically strong.  There wings are terrific; perhaps the best in Philadelphia. 
I do wish they would include more non-breakfast things on the menu in the afternoon (before the brunch menu ends at 3  - you know, some people actually want lunch in the period of 1-3.).Man, people are all over the map about this place... but I love it. 
One caveat for this review - I almost always sit at the bar, and almost always at or around Happy Hour, which for my money is the best in the city: a great, regularly-rotated selection of beers, all at half-price. And even the regular prices ain't that bad; for $4-5 you can get a rock-solid craft beer, about the same price I'd expect to pay for a lager at your typical non-dive joint.
Food is ok, that's the only reason I knock off a star - haven't been blown away by any of my experiences with the regular dinner menu, although I do like the tapas: chickpea fries and the patatas bravas make for for some good finger food to soak up all that sweet, sweet half-price beer. 
Haven't tried brunch.
Never had bad service here - all the bartenders seem pretty friendly to me, and there's only once I really had to wait long to eat (and I got comped for it). Came here once with a biggish party for a friend's birthday, and service was still solid and nobody went thirsty. 
I know this place gets compared to POPE a lot, but:
a) it's a few blocks closer to where I live, and I really am that lazy
b) POPE happy hour goes from 4 - 6, and just because I'm a freelancer with alcoholic tendencies doesn't mean I can drop everything to get loaded that early. I do have some standards.
Sure, they don't have crab fries - but life is full of compromises...We recently had a chance to check out the Devil's Den. The first thing is that they have an amazing selection of beers. I devulged into several selections. The overall vibe is good. friendly staff and good bartenders. A good hang for a few beers. The food was good but not outstanding for what it could be. I think the small menu hurts a little. My girlfriend had the mussels and I had a ham & cheese panni which was good.This is a great neighborhood bar.  The fireplace just past the entrance is a nice and warm welcoming touch for these colder months.
Decent bar space and hightops that you can easily walk in and grab a seat.  Good beer selection with an ever rotating line-up or artisan beers.  Bartenders are knowledgable and can help you navigate your choice of beverage.Devil's Den is one of our local restaurants, and I've always enjoyed it when we've been. The drinks were good, but the food was only okay. We have been for both dinner and brunch; the service was fine and the beer menu is extensive. While the food is nothing special, it's still a solid place that I would recommend.Went last night. Drank WAY TOO MUCH but no hangover since they carry such high quality beer at low prices..no hangover! yea!!!
I ate off the tapas menu and everything was really good. Bartender was great as always.cOOL bAR, great beer selection, i've eaten there a few times the food
is good.  I've had nothing but good service. 
 I like the fact they have a great selection of German beers.
THe interior is real nice, reminds me of a British pub a bit, not too
bright.Updating and giving this bar 4 stars because their bartenders are wonderful and they serve up some seriously 'obscure' beers. The bf and I went for their Sour Fest the other week and split two flights, each $9. Very good price. What other bar is going to throw a week-long Sour Fest? We loved it. This review is excluding the food. Which I have yet to give a second chance. But I will, promise!They have a great happy hour and decent food but the rudest and least professional staff I have experienced in philadelphia. I have given them several chances but it is always the same. The last time I went there we were the only costumers there, and the bartender could not have been more annoyed by our presence. She spent the first 15 minutes of us trying to get her attention putting make up on behind the bar (so unsanitary). As more people came in, we had to practically beg for her to get us a drink and our bill. A girl I was with asked for a drink and she claimed not to have the ingredients - pickle juice. She then asked the server who got her pickle juice, and the bartender rolled her eyes and reluctantly made her a drink. This has been the attitude and demeanor of every single person I had had serve me here and I most likely will not be back!The beer selection is great, the food is pretty good, but the service is ... well ... HORRIBLE. Unbelievably horrible. I worked in the restaurant industry for over 10 years and if I can smile and act like I care about customers, anyone can. Not Bethany. We went on a Friday for happy hour and our server Bethany could have cared less about our needs. We seemed to be an annoyance to her. I went there a while ago, but one of my coworkers was just complaining about the service there which reminded me to yelp about them. Clearly I'm not the only one who feels this way.God I love this place! The food is so good and healthy... Yes I said healthy. I'm on a pretty strict paleo diet but I can eat so many things here and they are all good. The mussels are to die for! The service is awesome and very friendly. What's not to like!Arrrgh! Devil's Den, I'm so mad at you!!!
What happened? You get a new chef and try to turn this once  glorious pub into something completely different! This place used to have focus, it used to have a theme: above-average bar food centered around an excellent and extensive beer selection. Now the menu has quail eggs? Figs wrapped in bacon? Where does this fit in? Plates got smaller and more expensive. Not a good way to keep your customers.
Sadly, I won't be coming here anymore. This really hurts because it's right down the street from me and used to be my favorite drinking spot. Now recommend going to the Royal Tavern, which has always had good food or to Varga.One of my favorite beer haunts since the day they opened, especially for their half priced happy hour, but a friend and I each had two beers apiece, and two o f the beers had gone off from what I'm guessing was dirty tap lines. My Weyerbacher sais on tasted like it had a bag of Chai tea in it and his pilsner (Yards?) had a flat, kind of earthiness to it. These are good breweries, so it wasn't the beers. I've heard some similar accounts, so I may not be back for a while...Went for dinner with my bro a short whiles ago, it was the new spot in our neighborhood and after biking past it numerous times decided to stop in...
the menu was very limited, whereas the beer list was several times the food menu's length...so its definitely a beer pub as opposed to a "gastropub"...
bro had the burger and i had the mussels...not bad, but not great...service was great, but we were the only table in the dining room (this was around 6:45 on a Monday evening)...
will probably stop back for drinks, and read recently that there's been a chef change in the kitchen, so hopefully the food selections will be more than a single page long...Devil's Den is like the forgotten stepchild of bars in Philadelphia.  They have a fantastic beer selection (over 200, I believe) and an awesome happy hour deal (1/2 off beers and flights).  The food is decent, the neighborhood vibe is fun, and I appreciated the portion size of the hummus plate they brought out to us.  The service here leaves a little bit to be desired, though.  It took upwards of 15 minutes for us to get our drinks.  It would have been quicker to go to the bar, but we didn't want to stiff the wait staff.  When we realized our waitress was still MIA, we tried to ask a different server if we could just grab a glass of water.  She was quick to point out that she "wasn't our server" and begrudgingly brought us a glass of water.  I want to come back here, but DD, please hire an extra server or your wait staff may end up killing someone.Worst Bloody Mary I think I've ever had...at least it was only $3 dollars.I have been back several times since and every single time it has been fantastic. Glad they seemed to have sorted out what they needed to- absolutely one of the best bars in the area.Extensive craft beer selection
Off the beaten path, unless you're a Pho phan
Quirky food
When my friend recommended this place partially because it was not right in the heart of typical Saturday night bar scenes, I saw that they accepted OpenTable reservations and booked a table for 10pm anyway.  With confirmation email in hand when we rolled in, I unfortunately got a quizzical look, because they believed that portal had been shut off while they were doing a Dogfish Head tap takeover/dinner.  Bummer there, but the hostess rebounded pretty nicely, promising to take care of us with a table within about 15 minutes, and then giving us the high sign after only about 8 had passed.  A positive from a negative, to start.
During that brief wait time, I had my nose in the beer bible (a la Monk's) they use as a menu, and I was not disappointed.  Sorted by style and then alphabetical by brewery, my mathematical mind kept cross-tabulating "Russian River this and Russian River that," which I can't get in Rhode Island, and I'm surprised I didn't order four beers at once just for myself.  This spot means business.
As we made our way to a table by a pass-through fireplace, I felt a noticeable change in decibels and crampedness.  It was a more chill atmosphere only 5 feet away, and a nice way to tuck into some food and brews for the evening.  
I kept the beer menu handy all night long, and my friends and I drank well, at a relatively reasonable price.  Aforementioned Russian Rivers, collaborations, session beers, specialty bottles, and certainly plenty of DFH drafts available on that night - I have zero complaints about drinking in the Den.
I drop this joint a star because the food was another story.  I had a potato soup that was average to above-average, and I ventured to order the chick-pea "fries" to give them a try.  These five tofu-like cubes stayed pretty much intact on my plate, un-fry-like and unappetizing.  Swing and a miss.  As others have said, it seemed like they were trying pretty hard to fluff up the menu's appeal, but it wasn't a Monk's Cafe kitchen offering - put it that way.
Still, the staff was friendly and prompt, and they had what I was there for - a wide variety of craft beers at good rates, with a comfortable place to join friends in sharing the wealth and a good time.  I'll happily be back next time I'm in town, and I'll even give more of the menu a shot.  
Devil's Den is a solid bet.Eat the tacos and the empanadas! 
A large beer selection, a lot of interesting beers, I recommend tasking the beers before purchasing a glass or you may be unhappy because they are unique.
The fire place is nice, it does make the restaurant cozy and it does smell lovely.I can't say enough great things about this place.. This was my 2nd time there and this experience was even better than the first.. The atmosphere is so cool and unique.. The service is great and the bartenders were so cool. This last time the manager Sebastian went above and beyond for me on my birthday and I truly appreciated it. He gave me a really cool copper absolute mule ice bucket which was so nice. There was a matching mug that I wanted and he said he didn't have any more.. I was grateful for the bucket. When leaving he found a mug and gave me one!! So so cool and made my night.. Go check this place out and get there Duck fries and some mussels for sure!! I live over an hour away but will be back for sure!Definitely one of my favorite bars. I always always order their burgers, great price for an awesome burger, and the fries are yummy too. I'm never disappointed with food or service. Atmosphere is very chill, great place to grab a drink day or night.
 I'm not a beer person, but they have an actual book for all the different kinds of drinks they serve. I always leave satisfiedThis place was great. I was visiting Philly for the weekend and decided to get some food before a show at the boot and saddle which was a short distance away. We ordered an array of good and everything came out fantastic. The staff was knowledgeable and friendly. Will definitely come back again when I'm Philly.Devil's Den is pretty solid. It's not great, but it's very reliable. The menu is pretty diverse (bring back the cheesesteak please). I like to think of it as a privately owned, higher end Applebee's. It seats lots of folks, has TVs for sports, full service bar, and great happy hour deals that include some bar snacks. Even flights of beers are half off during happy hour. Lots of outdoor seating too! 
This is a great place to go with large groups of friends who all want to eat and/or drink. Also great for watching sports without having to go to a bro dude sports bar.Ugh, what can I say? Another bar with zero atmosphere below Washington. It wasn't bad, it wasn't good, it was just sorta there. I came in with three friends for a late after movie beer. Three of us got the fries, which will never crack the top ten in this city (see Monks, Good Dog, Five Guys) . They had kind of a weird-something-else-was-in-the-oil-prior to them taste. The beer selection is good but it's in a section of town where the beer selection really isn't so bad (see POPE, SPTR). I think my biggest complaint was just it really doesn't set itself apart. The POPE is in the hood , so it has that going for it, besides being dark and really feeling like somewhat of a pub. There is really no Den type feeling or even Devil type vibe in this place. It's just there. I felt akin to sitting in maybe a chain restaurant in the burbs. We have the Cantina, we have the POPE, hell we have the FRIENDLY which is a gem, a bona fide gem, what is Devil's Den doing for us? You don't have to reinvent the wheel, just keep me from shrugging my shoulders and continuing to pedal when I come across your door.I like that the window-walls open up all the way. I don't like the lack of Corona--it's summer, the window-walls are open. Lighten up.This is THE place for beer in Philadelphia.  Not only do they consistently throw rare, high-quality beers on tap from all over, but they put them ALL on half-off happy hour special.  Most of my proudest beer moments occurred near their fireplace: a pint of Lagunitas Maximus for $1.75 (this shit is 7.5%ABV too), a goblet of kasteel cuvée du chateau for $4.50 (a decade old and still cheaper than you can get kenzinger in a lot of places), or a goblet of Russian River Consecration for 3.25 (usually $20 for a 12 oz bottle).  Devil's den is a legendary beer bar because they do this shit on the regular like it's nothing.  I have never encountered a place in the world that puts up like they do. 
That being said, I would probably never go there anytime other than a weekday between 5 and 7.  And you could probably do without the food, although the mussels are dope after a few rounds, and they finally brought the duck fries back.  My sister and I always get so pumped after we see our check.
And they always have something like Spaten Lager or Franziskaner too if you're not the adventurous type.  But then again, their happy hour is a good excuse to try out something new.Came in here for the first time for brunch. Cool bar, definitely seems better to come grab a beer here (food menu looked decent though). I had a fruit and granola parfait with a blueberry scone. One of the first decent scones I've had in Philly. It was warm and fluffy, not hard as a rock. The place is a little out of the way, but definitely worth the trip :)Devil's Den is a great south philly staple.  Ton's of beers - both on draft and in the bottle, and every draft is half off during happy hour.  The food is not quite up my alley, but everyone I go there with really seems to enjoy the mussels and the panini's that they offer, as well as the duck fat fries.  
I am also a huge fan of their outdoor tables - which are spacious and lovely to sit at during the nice weather months in Philly.As you'll see from the other reviews, the service here is atrocious! Absolutely terrible.  Food is average and beer list is good.   But for how many great restaurants are nearby I would NOT waste your time with the poor staff.The menu has been re-re-re-done here and is definitely an improvement, so back up to 4 stars from 3.  
Next step required to get to 5?  Manage crowd noise better.  They crank the volume during sporting events to the point where the patrons are yelling to be heard from one another, and the din can make it unbearable to be there.I have tried to give this place many chances, but the food is not good. It needs to learn a thing or two from The Royal Tavern and South Philly Taproom. Beer selection is good, but a bit pricey.love it here! great beer selection, delicious food. Loved the mussels and sandwiches. Really good find in South Philly.This place was pretty cool when I went there but my waitress was so stupid it really pissed me off. She was just rude. I asked a question and she looked at me like I had two heads. My friends at the table agreed that she was weird. I forget her name. Everything else was great though so I only took away one star.A long list of craft beers, so much to choose from, so much to try. If you're unsure try one of the flights of beers. Outdoor seating for the cooler days but not for a party of more than 4. We had 6 people comfortably seated inside with one side booth and chairs on the other side. I'll say pass on the cheese fries, doesn't taste much like cheeses. Chickpeas fries are the best. The bar is low key and chilled for the craft beer lovers!  Happy hour is great 1/2 off draft beers.Here is the deal. The food is good, I liked it, I had a simple burger and it was enjoyable. What I look for, aside from the food making me happy, is the atmosphere, the service and the beer.
I gave it 4 stars, they deserve it, its great and its a pleasant place to hang out. If you like those things, then you agree, this place is super nice.This place is 3 blocks from where I lived as a college senior and you can be assured that I wasn't usually coming here for the food. That said however their bar snacks were usually very satisfying, their nachos in particular (the most filling vegetarian ones I've ever had) and the pommes frites were decent too. Came here with friends once and the chicken wings were undercooked, but I feel that may have been just a one time fluke. Great list on tap with 20 brews to pick from. The staff were typically very friendly however I do remember an instance when one of them shouted at everyone in the bar for banging their fists on the tables during a Flyer's game. Seriously this is Philly, lighten up. Overall however I have good memories of Devil's Den and feel its definitely a nice addition to a part of the neighborhood that was lacking in places to grab a great beer.Devil's Den started out as the place that my friends want to go, but I didnt.  However, I've learned to like the place for the food and the great selection of beer.  Maybe they could vary the menu a little bit with more sandwiches on the bar menu.  Their fries are excellent especially with the cheese sauce.  Definitely a classy place, but watch out, you could end up emptying your wallet real easy in this place if you are a beer lover.Beer selection is phenomenal. I'm not sure there are too many other places in the city that come close. Their tap specials during PCBW were awesome and their normal rotations can keep you coming back weekly. Cocktails also look quite delicious. 
Food is also amazing. Brunch is highly recommended. Duck fat fries will stick to your ribs for a day or two but that's just long enough for you to decide to return. The macncheese is also another must have with so much cheese at the bottom you may ask for a straw.The two stars might seem harsh. But when you're an established beer venue with a great reputation, someone's gotta call you out on the watered down beer.
If you believe that proper storage of beer involves pouring what little is left of a Rodenbach Grand Cru keg into a pitcher that you then cover with plastic wrap and then just let it sit in your walk-in...there's this little thing called condensation that sometimes happens and then you end up with a lot of water in your beer...please feel free to do that with a Coors, Bud, Miller - any beer that already is pretty close to being water. PLEASE NEVER do that with any other quality beer you guys serve. Please also do not attempt to serve said watered down used-to-be-Grand Cru to your guests who are expecting to get exactly what they ordered. 
Mind you, Devil's Den, I dig your awesome beer selection. I also dig your waitstaff and bartenders. Solid folks with lightning-fast wit. Your fireplace keeps me warm when I'm there and smelling wonderful when I leave. But I come there for the beer first and foremost and if there's anyone working for you who doesn't understand how to properly store beer? That's a problem.I've been here on several occasions, and have never been wowed.  However, the last time I was there was game 4 of the World Series on Sunday.  Maybe it was the excitement of the game, or the current love of everything Philly, but I finally had an experience worth mentioning (I tend to get lazy to write a review right after I've tried a place).
My friend and I ordered the Cuban sandwich, Thai mussels, duck confit fries, one chicken and one pork gorditas.  If this sounds like a lot of food for two people, it is.  I never got to try the gorditas, since we were so full and he ended up taking them home.  He says they were good.  The Cuban and the duck fries, I can and will vouch for.  You can't go wrong when smothering fries with cheese and duck meat.  The mussels however were a bit bland, and I probably could have taken or leave them.  The few times I've tried the mussels here have resulted in the same opinion.  
I agree with everyone, in that this is a nice addition to the neighborhood.  It's a good cross between gastro pub and sports bar.  And the beer list is not too shabby I should add.I have come to Devil's Den multiple times now and I really enjoy the ambience of the restaurant. I always come during brunch days, and love their brunch menu. There are so many different options to choose from (I have had their burger which was delicious) as well as their breakfast bowl (which was really fantastic and super filling). Friends of mine have tried their scrambles, biscuits and gravy, as well as their duck confit fries and mac and cheese and had great things to say. The only thing that was not impressive were the size of the brunch drinks, but I guess for $3, it wasn't that big of a deal.Really interesting menu.  Really.  But the execution was just alright.  Still, I was excited by the choices and would go back to try it again.
We had the seitan meatballs (This meat-eater is mad for seitan!  Tofu be damned!).  Lovely idea, and definitely tasty... but they fell apart too much for my liking.  
The chorizo-shrimp skewers were served over crostini with ricotta.  These were good.  Real good.
The trio of mini burgers also were delicious.  A+ there.
The lamb flatbread was a disappointment.  It was basically braised lamb spread on a flatbread base.  Like, the lamb and the flatbread did not seem to be cooked together and the whole thing just ended up looking like a thin "meat pizza" with a 1/4" of pulled lamb sitting on top of some flatbread.  Our friend who met up with us after we'd eaten asked that the leftover flatbread be removed from the table.  Yeah, it did look kinda gross, just sitting there all lamb-spread-like. 
Oh well.  Some things were good, some not-as-good.  But the inspiration is definitely there.  Oh, and good beer selection, bien sur!In a word: such bourgeoisie nonsense.
I've never been given such a hard time trying to have a drink somewhere.  It's been going on since they opened, and it's finally time to say something.  Carded a dozen times by the same waitress in the span of 4 months.  Bartenders must not be accustomed to folks having more than three drinks.  I've never laughed at someone after being cut off before!
They need to make up their mind if they want to be a Chilis or if they want to actually be a decent bar.
Such beautiful beer.
Such beautiful brunch.  Good neighborhood place.  Just don't laugh out loud.  And screw Darius Rucker.  So torn to be living half a block from you, Yup-yup A-Hole's Den.Time for an update!  Now that I'm in the 'hood, the Devil's Den is my go-to bar.  I mean seriously, it's right around the corner.  
I've come here with a rowdy birthday party (Tuesday) and I come in for Phillies games (many of which are also rowdy).  The staff always works hard to please everyone.  The beer selection is still always stellar and the half-price drafts at happy hour as many have mentioned are a total steal.
I had the seitan sloppy joe the other night which was off the hook.  The rest of their menu is comprised of solid gastropub fare.
If you're a regular here, you can get one of those frequent diner cards - once you get up to a certain amount, you get $25 for food.  I'll have to check back on the limit.  But it's a great deal for those who are always here...like me.I really enjoyed my first experience here. As a foodie and beer lover, I felt very at home at Devil's Den. 
It seems that a lot of reviewers are complaining about the re-invention of their menu, but I think it's great that they're offering more thoughtful, refined dishes. One of the things that plagues my beer drinking experiences is going to a bar/pub with a decent to amazing beer selection and getting stuck with menu choices like buffalo wings and burgers. Come on people, been there done that a thousand times before, show me a lil' creativity!
My boyfriend and I came here more for the beer and truthfully were not expecting much from the food. We had the bacon wrapped dates, open faced crab ravioli and the braised pork flatbread. All three dishes were impressive. Bacon wrapped dates are becoming a common little trend amongst menus these days and in the words of McDonalds, I'm lovin' it. These were no exception. 
Although the presentation of the crab ravioli was odd (who the hell makes "open-faced" ravioli??), the flavors were absolutely delicious! I can't stop thinking about this dish and it has fueled my choices at dinners since then; I keep ordering dishes with crabmeat everywhere I go. I think with a little refinement, this dish could easily be on a more upscale menu.
The pork flatbread was also great. Flavors and textures all lived up to my standards and it was a delicious dish that could please all crowds.
The beer selection, as most of you know, was pretty amazing. Prices were rather reasonable too. They get bonus points for having Founder's Nemesis...one of the best beers ever made.
Service was very good, atmosphere was pretty cool and laid back. I'm eagerly awaiting my next visit to Devil's Den.I'm not qualified to write reviews on this place.  i've only been here like five times.  the first two times I turned around and left within 30 seconds of walking in (achingly busy).  Even after a quieter Thursday happy hour and a flight special I was undecided.  Then I saw Port Brewing's Hop 15 on tap last night, right next to Cantillon Geuze.  Yes the beer list is often world class, this bar is driven by a passion for beer.  That is 4/5 of what I look for when I venture out of my house.As an aspiring but middling beer snob, there's no better place to go try out the best craft brews and imports america has to offer. Happy hour is incredible- half off drafts that would run you $5-9 otherwise; anybody who lives close by knows it's the best happy hour in the city. It certainly helps that its sandwiches and fries are reasonably priced and top notch. 
The Den is equipped to be awesome during both the winter and the warmer seasons, with its centrally located and well-maintained fireplace, and its huge doors that let in the spring/summer breeze. 
When people say Philly is a beer capital, it's because of places like Devil's Den.I don't know why I haven't written a review for Devil's Den yet - I have had numerous great experiences here, and find myself referring friends from out of town to try the Den when they are nearby for concerts/events.
Last night, I had my first Happy Hour experience here - which I feel is worth sharing with the world.  They feature a tapas menu for Happy Hour - we had the spicy hummus - for $4 we got a large portion of hummus and plenty of delicious pita to eat it all up.  All of our beers were 1/2 off during the Happy Hour time, which I believe is from 5-7, Monday through Friday - but don't quote me on that. I had 2 different pumpkin beers, as well as a coffee-chocolate beer that was a great way to end the meal, sadly the names of the brews escape me.  One thing I know for sure, is that they constantly rotate their draft beer and always have a great beer selection.
I am a creature of habit, and typically get mussels here or the salmon BLT.  All of the mussels are delicious, and the salmon blt is just so right.  The fries are also super crunchy and come with a great aioli dipping sauce. 
Service has been consistently good here, everyone is nice, and when I can't decide what to drink they offer up a suggestion. And I enjoy the ambience, it's certainly a nicer bar and has a cozy, neighborhood, feel which I love. Will always return to the Devil's Den and continue bringing friends and family from out of town.I've been to the Den for lunch, dinner, and brunch, and I've got mixed opinions about it. I really WANT to like it, more than I do. It's got the makings of a great bar, and I'm excited to hear that they've got a new chef to shake things up a bit. They even have a fire place. It's always hit or miss, though, even though it's not usually crowded when we go (which always makes for a pleasant time).
For example, we had a great server today who was prompt with bringing out the food and was really friendly and nice. But we've also had spotty service with a server who didn't seem to really want to deal with us. The fireplace can make the bar nice and toasty warm in the evenings, but before they start it, it's often cold and extremely drafty.
The beer selection is great, that's for sure. I especially love in the winter that they have such a nice variety of seasonal beers on tap. I'm not much of a beer person, but I can usually find something I like here solely based on the apt descriptions on their draft list. The one non-beer drink I had here didn't particularly knock my socks off, so I've stayed away ever since.
As for the food, it's hard to say where this is going to go since they've gotten a new chef. Today at brunch, I was pretty disappointed with it. I ordered eggs over easy and while they were well-seasoned, they came out solid as a rock, yolks and whites and all, which was really disappointing. My boyfriend's omelette was tasty, but our toast wasn't warm and the butter was too cold to spread on it. I'm willing to chalk this up to first day jitters, but we've also had mixed experience with the other food. Usually the wings are a safe bet, but the one day that I branched out, I was disappointed. The BLT was an interesting concept: pork belly and fried green tomato, but the execution was poor. The "spicy aioli" had no spice at all. Everything was so soggy and fatty and wet that I couldn't even pick it up, I had to cut into it with a fork. But again, I'm willing to keep trying it to see what a new chef will do with the menu; all of the appetizers we've tried, from the wings to the fried zucchini, have been pretty decent.
So again, if you're looking for a nice bar with a good beer selection that isn't that crowded most of the time, give Devil's Den a try. It has potential that I'm hoping it will grow into, but it's not quite there at the moment.Had a great time- the whole experience was nice. Definitely a Happy Hour diamond
Melanie, the bartender, was great. The beer selection was very good. 
We had bloody mary's to start. Decent but not stellar. We enjoyed a beer flight selection and a few drafts during happy hour which was a real bargain.
Can't comment on the food other than the tapas menu at happy hour {50% off}. We had Chickpea fries and potatoes which were both good.
I plan on going back to try the duck on the dinner menu. It sounds great.I like this place and I don't even like beer.  They used to have fruit infused vodka which was AWESOME, but even still, it's a cool place with a good jukebox, good service and unpretentious attitude. It is very "new Brooklyn" to me and that is a good thing. I have not eaten here, but the food looks yummy.Your typical fun, cool, neighborhood gastropub.  Came here with some friends after work.  We shared a salad, chickpea fries, and some mussels with french fries.  Everything was average - no complaints - but I wouldn't come back specifically for the food.
The real reason to come here is the beer list - if you can't find something that you like, you're crazy.  Love that they keep their big windows open during the summer so it feels like you're outside even when you aren't.  It's a nice hangout place, and I like the central-ish location - easy bike ride home whether you're going down to East Passyunk or further north like me to Fairmount.Great happy hour specials! Half off all drafts (great selection!) and cheap appetizers! 
They're happy hour draft list is always changing - they have a great selection ranging from sour ales, to imperial ales, to double IPAs. Their appetizer list for happy hour includes their pretzel buns, chicken teriyaki skewers (arguably best deal for amount of food!), a hummus plate, bacon and chicken quesadillas, and chicken empanadas. 
For brunch/lunch/dinner, they also offer great, cheap options. Their mac and cheese is great, their fries are great, their burgers are great, and their brunch scrambles are so good!Ill definitely be coming back. Great, laid back spot. Awesome beer selection, great food, good music, and solid service.This place is fabulous!  Great food, great beers, great service - a total winner!  The duck fries are amazing - a delicious blend of crispy fries, cheese, and scrumptious duck gravy - perfect for duck lovers.  The mussels are amazing - generous portion of plump, tasty mussels, with plenty of broth and a piece of crispy grilled bread for dipping.  The warm pretzel buns are a nice surprise - perfectly crisp on the outside with a delicious mustard dipping sauce.  These were only our appetizers.  The grilled cheese with bacon was terrific, and the brisket sandwich on grain bread was to die for.  The house salad which accompanied these sandwiches was thoughtfully prepared - not just a bunch of ingredients thrown together.  
Everything about this restaurant is awesome!  This was my second visit, and will I come back?  ABSOLUTELY!!My wife and I stopped in to the Devil's Den and I was very excited about the incredible beer selection.  We had decided that we would eat, i was having to much fun trying the different beers to leave.  I ordered the Grilled burger trio, which are basically sliders done three ways,  I ordered them rare and they came out somewhere between med. rare to med.  not necessarily a crime as they are little sliders.  My wife ordered the Cheeseburger medium, and it came out Well.  We asked the waitress if she thought it was medium and she said, "No it doesn't look medium to me either."  Then turned around and walked away.  Our total bill came to around $60 dollars, like I said I was enjoying the different beers, but I was disappointed with the consistancy of the cooking.  I have had better but it wasn't horrible.Tonight we celebrated our PSN Kickball Victory with the typical celebratory drinks.  This time I ventured into some new dishes and I loved the Figs with Gorgonzola!  Definitely a neat and yummy dish to try!  Diablo muscles were delicious too!  Oh and I almost forgot the Beet Salad too which I had on a previous visit, yum!  Give me a couple more rounds at this place and the food and I am sure it will be 5 stars in no time!Outstanding beer selection. The food was fantastic - good place to catch the game or a bight prior to the game. Had a burger and it may be one of the best burgers in town. Excellent vegetarian selection for those that don't eat meat. Just a great tavern.Been here a few times only ate once, had a burger and it was pretty good. The beer selection is very good if you are looking for craft beers this is a great place. The decor is very nice and the bartenders and service are good.Great beer selection.  Great happy hour. Food is WAY overpriced.  But the main reason for the low rating is the staff.  There are maybe 2 waiters/waitresses/bartenders that demonstrate any sliver of hospitality, and I'm not difficult to please ( I live in South Philly, after all).  I've been at Devil's Den many times, and I'll continue to go only to get my fill of beer.  No more tips for you suckers!
My advice is to go for the beer. Don't expect good service, and make sure you let them know that their service sucks nads.THE SHORT RIB CHEESESTEAK. I could mic drop right now and still give this place 5 stars but I'll continue. I've been here quite a few times now and it's always been an enjoyable experience. They have an awesome draft list, and the bar area is spacious enough that you might even forget you're in South Philly for a minute. Quizzo Tuesdays are a lot of fun & their Sunday brunch menu is pretty great too. But back to the short rib cheesesteak... It's not your typical Philly steak so it's not fair to compare, but if the two choices were in front of me, I'd have to go Devil's Den. It comes with delicious hand cut shoestring fries & chipotle mayo dipping sauce too! For two people, a couple of drinks each and a meal end up a little on the pricier side but believe me, it's worth it.My friends and I went here for a birthday on Friday night and got some of the worst bar service we've ever had. The female bartender literally cursed out my friend because he had the audacity to wave to try to get her attention. We then watched her drink on the job and complain loudly to the rest of the customers about him. Unbelievable. Needless to say, we won't be coming back. Ever.Went here last night for dinner & beers.  Not bad! Extensive beer list with explanations of  type of beer and % alcohol content listed. Our server was friendly and attentive.  The food was ok.  My veggie burger had good flavor but it was mushy and fell apart. It appeared to be some sort of mashed bean patty.  Also, one part of the burger was extremely salty.  Like as if someone in the kitchen accidentally poured a bunch of salt on it. The chickpea fries, however,  were awesome!  I guess I was expecting them to look like actual long skinny fries, but they were tender, lightly fried squares nicely presented with aioli and a little pickle wedge atop each one. 
I noticed that there was a fireplace, but it was not lit.  Wtf, it was cold and POURING out! Everyone was coming in soaked off the street.  A roaring fire would have been the perfect way to dry off & get cozy. 
This is a good place for beer & snacks.  I wouldn't seek it out, but if I happened to be in the area I'd stop in again.This place gets an extra star for having Schneider Aventinus on tap all the time!  The beer selection here is great and drafts are half-price during happy hour!  I like their flight selection.  You can choose from German, Belgian, or micro.  Nifty!  
They offer friendly service and I have experienced better service at the bar than at a table.  I have only eaten here once, but was not impressed.  I ordered a chicken sandwich that came on a baguette that was really over-toasted.  The sandwich itself was pretty bland.  I will say that I explained to the server that I had a dairy allergy, so I imagine that too many elements of the sandwich were missing because of that and that is why it had no flavor, but I feel as though I should have been warned.  (The sandwich was just chicken and lettuce.)  I would have asked if there was a way I could spruce it up a bit, but I already felt as though I had really stressed out our server by bringing up the allergy and I did not get the impression that they were used to dealing with that.  I will say that the other three people I was with thoroughly enjoyed their food, so perhaps this place is just not food allergy friendly.  Also, the fries and mayo dipping sauce are delicious!  I will definitely go back for the beer and I will probably give the food another shot.  Oh...and did I mention that they have Schneider Aventinus on tap ALL THE TIME...!?Great little neighborhood spot. I like to come in on weekday evenings when it isn't so packed. The ambiance is rustic (wood stove and exposed brick) romantic and great for a date, either for dinner or grabbing a quick drink. Outdoor seating is perfect on a warm evening, and the service is friendly and attentive. 
I'm absolutely in love with their beer list, if you're the type of person who'd rather be overwhelmed by the beer selection rather than underwhelmed, this is the place to go. Can't decide? Get a flight. They change their flight selection frequently.
 Definitely try the mussels (Diablo is my favorite), they come with a generous serving of delicious french fries, and bread. I'm deducting one star because I'm not terribly thrilled with the bartenders, they can be a bit surly and rude. Otherwise, it's a great place.I wrote my first review for this place over two years ago. It's improved greatly and has become one of my favorite places to spend an evening in Philly. 
Their beer selection is fantastic and rotates quickly (see their FB page for their current list of taps.) They frequently have beer geek events and are by far one of top beer geek joints in the city.
Their food is pretty good, too. However it's inconsistent. I will frequently get a dish that's fantastic one night, then "meh" the next. I think the good food outweighs the "meh".
But the beer makes up for it. Seriously. If you are a beer geek and are looking for a non-touristy place to get some great libations, try this out.Did dinner here a couple of weeks ago with a friend, and I have to say, I enjoyed the beer (a Sambic) as much as the mussels. I have genuinely missed the seafood and fries combo I so enjoyed at the Black Sea for a year, and this was the closest I've found in my two years in this city. I had the mussels in cider and cream and fries, and my friend had a wedge salad and the soup de jour (turkey vegetable I think). I can't speak for the latter, but my friend enjoyed his food. My food, on the other hand, mmhmm. The broth was so good I considered drinking it (didn't want to embarrass my friend), and I probably could have had I not been stuffed to the gills. The only comment I have is that the service was a bit on the slow side (however, our server was super friendly).This is the last time I will review or otherwise think about the devil's den. I first gave it 1 star because of a bad server, then I gave it 4 stars because I had many good times and no problems. I am back to give it 1 star and I will offer a story as to why I will never go here again. 
So I want to emphasize that this bar is around the corner from my house and I WANT to like it. Loving the bar around the corner from where you live is pure perfection so I have overlooked many little problems. 
I used to have a job that didn't let out until 7pm so I could never go to happy hour at the devil's den. I finally was able to come here for happy hour with a friend and as the hostess was seating us she told us that in addition to half-priced drinks the "small plates" were also half-off.  My buddy and I both got drinks, a small plate and an entree. When the bill came we noticed that the small plates didn't get the discount, an understandable mistake for a busy waiter. We called the waiter over and told him about this silly mistake and he surprisingly told us that it wasn't a mistake. He proceeded to tell us that the small plates were not half off; the tapas in the back of the drink menu are the ones on special for happy hour. We told him about how the hostess told us very specifically that the "small plates" were half-off (found in the dinner menu) and that we wanted them to honor this.  He said there was nothing he could do and so I asked to speak to the manager.  The waiter said that the manager wasn't available but the acting manager was the bartender, who I have met many times in the way that one would be familiar with the bartender at the neighborhood bar. When I told him what happened he said "Well you're here all the time, you should KNOW it's the tapas that are half off, not the small plates". I told him that I had never been there for happy hour before and emphasized that the hostess TOLD US that the "small plates" were on special. He wouldn't budge. We left unhappy less because of having to spend an extra few dollars but more because of the "every man for himself" feeling that you would never expect from a neighborhood bar. 
The management have made it clear that they are more concerned with making every last cent from their patrons than forging a relationship with the community. There are too many other bars in south philly to spend your time and money in a place that doesn't deserve it.Devil's Den has everything I want from a bar. Good draft beer, food, and a happy hour that can't be beat. I've discovered some of my favorite beers at this bar.
I live 'dangerously' close (across the street) and its great to have somewhere to grab a quick beer and something to eat. The staff is really nice and great to strike up a conversation with.
The food isn't as good as I first remember when I started going to Devil's Den, its still delicious though. Its also a hell of a lot easier to walk across the street than cooking something myself.A three dollar Bloody Mary on a Saturday afternoon makes me happy.  We sat near the bar. I had the salmon club minus the bread and it was pretty delish.  We shared an order of bacon fries for an app and that was a thumbs up too.  I like the Devils Den.Phenomenal spot in South Philly. Used to go here all the time when I lived in the neighborhood. Great burgers and fries! Awesome beer selection all the time. The salmon sandwich is also great as well! 
I highly recommend!I'm so surprised by all of the negative review's I'm seeing about DD!  I went here with some friends last night (including a local who comes here pretty often) and had a really fantastic experience.  We were all raving about it afterwards.  
My meal started off with the bacon-wrapped dates- OMG.  These were absolutely divine.  I could have had two plates of these and called it my dinner.
But I'm so glad I didn't, because then I wouldn't have eaten the Provencal Mussels that I had as my entree.  I chose these over the traditional as a recommendation from our waitress, and thank god I took her advice!  The broth was incredible (chock full of sun dried tomatoes) and I couldn't stop sipping the broth and dipping the accompanying grilled bread so that I could get as much garlicky wonderfulness as possible.  The fries weren't the best I've ever had, but they were a good side dish, especially when dipped in the spicy aioli.
I also tried my friend's macaroni and cheese, which was a special appetizer for the night.  The portion was huge and only cost $6! It was a pretty stellar mac and cheese, very creamy and satisfying.
I would definitely come back here again, not only for the food but also for the atmosphere which was so cozy and warm on a winter day.I'm at devils den for the eagles game great beer selection nice bartender tom, however they need to fire there cook who doesn't know the difference between a medium burger n 1 well done. My buddy got the crab benidict that had burnt toast and cold hash. I used to love this place but as the prices rise the service declines 1 star for the beerAfter driving past this place for years and knowing someone who use to work there I've been meaning to get here for a while.  Loved the fire place, real fire sent is awesome and gave the place a warm atmosphere.  I was there to drink but my friend hadn't eaten lunch yet and need some food, luckily there was one seat at the bar she was able to snag.  But the couple next to her were super rude and annoying.  The bar area is spacious enough for people to stand around it, I wasn't eating I didn't need a seat and so myself a few friends who also weren't eat stood behind her to chat why she ate.  I guess they thought we wanted there seats, maybe that why they were so rude but none of us had any desire to sit we were all happy to stand.  Other than that I had a great time here and I wont let one group of people stop me from head here again if I am in the area.This place has a large beer selection from all over the world and a pretty good $3 Bloody Mary on their weekend brunch menu. I didn't eat since I had had a large cheesesteak a couple hours before but my friends had the parfait and the sweet potato duck hash, both of which they found delicious.  We sat outside and although it took a little while to get our drinks right in the beginning, after that our server was attentive and pleasant. I enjoyed my visit!$6.50 Titos sodas?!
Fuck yea
Clean, organized, and hopping.
Large bar area to get your drunk face on.
Tatted-up patrons and barkeep can be found here.
Good spot to add to any Philly bar crawl.I recently dined here and quite frankly, was not impressed. I made a reservation a week in advance for a party of 12. We showed up right on time, and were told "sorry, we dont have room for your party...we filled the dining room with the over-flow from happy hour" (extremly dissapointing). Our group spent the next hour at the bar (since we were unsuccessful in securing reservations anywhere else in the vacinity). We were finally seated and and still had to wait another half hour before the waiter would take our food order... not even allowing us to put in a few appetizers right when we sat down, so he could take the whole order at once. We were starving at this point.
The food was good for the most part. I had the spicy BBQ duck flat bread and the buffalo wings, and both were enjoyable. A friend had the roastd beet and arugula salad, which was brought out  un-dressed....(which was probably better off because the passion fruit vin. tasted like Kool Aid) and the shortrib flat bread, that was dry and flavorless. Other than that, everyone seemed to enjoy what they ordered ranging from duck fries, to mussels Aventinus, to the turkey club. 
Overall, expierence could have been better with a little effort from management. Dissapointing.People are giving this place a lot of credit.  I don't find the food to be particularly interesting, or well done.  The best I've had were the vegetarian quesedillas - I'll say they were a little above average.  I had a sandwich on a second visit, that was built sloppily, covered in some dressing that I did not like (can't remember what kind) and it was an overall disappointing meal.  I couldn't even eat most of it.  
I am giving Devil's Den three stars because of inconsistency in food quality, and customer service.  The plus is that this bar has the most selection for beer in the neighborhood just below Washington.  
I would go for a happy hour and appetizers, but not for a full meal, or a whole night out.This place is kind of weird. Every time I go, I just feel like it is off. People seem to love it because there is nothing else around (for the most part). I am just glad it is not my bar of necessity, because it is really just eh. Good beer list, but who doesn't have that these days? It's hard to explain, just a strange feeling about this place like if I stick around too long, I am going to become one of the brainwashed zombies that thinks it's awesome.This rating is solely for their excellent beer selection.  They also have a 1/2 priced draft happy hour like their sister bar, Old Eagle Tavern.  The bartenders aren't as good here and neither is the food.  I wouldn't get anything besides burgers and fries or maybe the mussels.  I think all this is do to it being a bigger place that gets a lot busier than Old Eagle.  Either way a must.Mindy, mindy, mindy. Everything would have been fine if you knew how to keep your composure. I'm sure it's not too uncommon for a group of people to request separate bills at the end of a meal. When we dropped this bomb on you last night your whining was incredibly unprofessional and annoying. Even if it was the initial shock that was hitting you I could possibly understand... but when you kept drawing out this process complaining about "all the work" that we were creating for you I was really, really ticked off.  You made this experience awkward and uncomfortable for everyone in our party and YOU STILL MESSED UP THE BILL. We wrote out on the first bill who got what - how hard can it be? My advise to you would be to get a new job.. maybe one where you don't need to interact with people.Mediocre service, but incredible food! Large portions - my friend and I split a few dishes and had more than enough food. I loved the grilled cheese and Caesar salad. Definitely will be back.I'm lucky that this is the closest bar to my current place of residence.
Devil's Den has consistently tasty food and great variety of beer.  I have tried the Diablo mussels per some of the reviews and they lived up to expectations.  It just so happened that they had grilled octopus and brussels sprouts as specials last time I went, which are two of my favorite things, so naturally I had to get them and they didn't disappoint.  I think my date was mildly horrifed that I was eating both octopus and brussels sprouts with gusto but that's beside the point.  The mac and cheese and the duck fries are also things of beauty.  Oh, and the short rib and horseradish flatbread, too.  It's hard to go wrong with this menu.
It can get a little crowded and if you're going for food at a high-volume time it's a good idea to make a reservation.  If you're going for happy hour, get there as early as you can.  In spite of this potential for uber-popularity, it maintains the feel of a nicer neighborhood spot.  In the cooler months they have an awesome fireplace which makes you not want to move, ever, and in the warmer months they have outdoor seating.
Basically, what's not to love?Any bar that gets sour beers like THAT and thinks up a beer tasting like THAT and sets it all up like they did deserves four stars from the get go.  
Had I not just had the most insanely delicious meal at the Farmer's Cabinet moments before the Devils Den tapped their sour kegs, I would have ordered more food.  
I did have a croque madame (it was brunch.  second brunch, really) and it was tasty, though the bread was a bit stale.  But that's ok, since I was drinking a Russian River Sanctification, which might be my favorite beer of all time and I'm having it served as a replacement for champagne at my wedding.  No headaches for my guests!  
But then there was the sour lineup that Pat got, the lucky bastard.  Smart one, too.  It started on the left with Allagash Confluence, then to the right the Sanctification, followed by Petrus Aged Pale, and finally the Dogfish Festina Peche.  
WOW.  They were all amazing, but they were also paired very well and arranged very well.  Whoever did that deserves a nice hearty pat on the back.  But don't spill his beer.On the upswing of things. I have been here over the last few weeks a lot more times than I really care to admit. I have noticed a real consistency with their food, a solid range of different beers and the usual amazing staff for the exception of one particular bartender- the one who seems to be on Monday and Tuesday nights. She doesn't like me, my husband or our group of friends and doesn't hide it too well. It's ok we don't really care for her either (the first time we ever had her was for brunch and she was downright rude to our entire group even though we still to this day can't figure out why?). Every single time we are met with cold thinly veiled disdain so we just avoid coming here on those days but much to our chagrin she was on Friday night bar when we stopped by the other night. Hopefully its a temporary arrangement. Just a shame because the rest of the staff is just awesome every time.I thought this place was pretty good!
I had the Belgian beer flight and the roasted vegetable sandwhich. I liked all the beers in the flight (only one that I was so-so about) and the sandwhich was pretty tasty served on foccacia and the fries came with a spicy aioli to dip them in. Yumm! It was pretty packed because of the b-ball games but the atmosphere was good.
I hear the happy hours are great here so I'll have to venture back in for that sometime.This is my favorite spot in Philadelphia....so its getting 5 stars.  No, it doesn't have the best food, but it's damn good.
I have had a few disappointments, but things like the Aventinus Mussels and Chick Pea fries more than make up for any negatives.
I have yet to experience the happy hour madness, but what do you expect for HALF PRICE taps.  They have the best beer selection in the city, IMO.The mussels diablo are some of the best spicy mussels I ever had, that sauce is delicious with perfect balance of flavor and spice, and the mussels were fresh and meaty.    Beer selection is great although I only sampled a few selections, I'll be back for sure.Been to brunch here twice. Service and Food is consistent and delicious. 
When I go to a place that gives me real maple syrup, you better believe I'm coming back. 
I went on 1/22 mid day with my best friend. 
I had the Cornflake Crusted French Toast and he had the Eggs Benedict. We shared a portion of Cheese fries with bacon. 
A Mimosa for me and a Bloody Mary for him. 
The toast - delicious, crunchy but not oily, berry compote on top and actual whipped cream, folks! Topped in mapley syrup and inhaled.
The eggs - also disappeared quickly. :) They come with a side of potatoes and peppers. Looked yummy to a non-egg eater like me. Made me think twice about my non-egg eating status.
The fries - oh lord, the fries. Run to the fries, folks. They are covered in an alfredo like cheese sauce and topped with crunchy, broken up bacon. Ask for a side of ranch. Ask for 2 sides of ranch and loosen your belt.  
The Mimosa - $3, decent. 
The Mary - 2 were consumed at $3 a piece, best friend said they were delicious and spicy. Added bonus - toothpick on which garnish came can be used as an evil sword when your best friend takes your iPhone.
I also got a coffee which was delicious and worth the $2.50. I was offered a refill but was too full to indulge. Last time, I got coffee and we also had desserts (Panna Cotta and a Chocolate Mousse)
Overall, we paid $35 on a Saturday! Crackling fireplace is great for ambiance, especially on a day where you can't feel your nose due to 22 degree weather.I am a huge fan of the Den. Every time one of my friends come to town I take them there. They have a great selection of beer and their happy hour is AWESOME. I do wish they had a larger bar menu selection and a nicer staff (you know who you are).I've been to Devils Den many times for drinks and a couple times for dinner. I just had my first brunch experience over the weekend. I loved the crab eggs benedict and the potatoes that came with it. If you love crab cakes and like eggs, I don't see how you can't like it. My friend had the ham quesadilla which looked really good and he said it was decent. The brunch bloody mary's and mimosas are only $3 but very small and mediocre. My bloody mary wasn't in a big glass and was filled with a lot of ice and hardly had any alcohol in it. For brunch, I would give this place a 3.
But I come to Devils Den often for drinks. I love the beer menu and it is extensive. The bartenders will let you sample a draft beer if you are uncertain and I have found that they make good recommendations. There are always good patrons in this place but the place is never packed. It is also nicer than many of the hole in the wall bars in the neighborhood. For drinks I would give this place a 4 or 5. I like their oysters but think they are a bit pricey. I wasn't a fan of their French fries and thought they were over cooked and  too greasy.
I have found the service to always be good here. 
The food is very hit or miss but I love coming here to try a new beer so I am torn over what rating to give this place.I have been to Devil's Den on multiple occasions ranging from happy hour, to late time drinks, to grabbing grub. Regardless of my reasons for stopping by, the experience is always great.
Happy Hour/Late Night: The beer selection is awesome, especially if you genuinely like GREAT BEER. They have a great variety of imported, domestic and local brews. I def recommend going for happy hour as it's half price for these awesome beers and worth every penny. The atmosphere is pretty chill during happy hour as well as late night. The two flat screens above the bar usually have some type of sporting events going on. During NFL season it gets pretty rowdy....especially when non-Eagles fans are amongst die hards. Finally, the bartenders and waitresses alike are awesome. Speaking as a former bartender, I think the bar staff is attentive and knows a lot about the beer they are serving. 
Brunch: I have been here a half dozen times for brunch and like there happy hour, it is pretty delicious for the price. I am an eggs and sausage/bacon sort of girl and I think they do omelets pretty well here. I have had the Omelet Très Fromage, Smoked Salmon Omelet , and several of the omelets on special. I have also had the Crab Benedict, which if you like crab cakes is awesome to start your day. The coffee is alil intense at Devils Den, but you can always opt for a morning beer instead.
Dinner: I have only been here once for dinner (so far). I had an awesome dinner when I went on a Monday night with the fireplace ablaze...it was great atmosphere, great food, and great service. I had the Grilled Veal Flank Steak  with sunchoke gratin, Brussels sprouts & veal jus. The sunchoke is a root vegetable that tasted like smokey potato au gratin...it was SOOOOOO GOOD! The veal was a great portion and cooked perfectly. The spices were appropriate for the sides and the veal jus really was more so a tasty  light wine gravy. 
My boyfriend had the Grilled Wild Boar with roasted salsify, Swiss chard & red wine sauce. Again, this was a solid entree with a great amount of meat and a unique side dish. Salsify is another root veggie and the Swiss chard is a green that was sauteed and complimented the boar well. Overall, for the price of each dish and the amount and quality of food, I was more than pleased. I def recommend going for dinner. I will def be back.I'd say this is a pretty good spot. There's a great huge beer list and every dish I've had here has been a total hit. The wings, as far as I remember are boneless, so traditionalists be warned.
I'm looking forward to return visits and to try out other dishes. They have brunch on the weekends which is good, though the menu isn't that lengthy for it. More dishes please, maybe some food specials (of which I did not notice on my few recent visits).Excellent beer selection. Enjoyed an eclectic cheese plate and some mussels (diablo) style as well as the tomato mozzarella flat bread. The pommes frites were saturated and flimsy, but it is a solid neighborhood gem.I like it here. Great beer list, friendly staff, good happy hour specials. I just tried mussels for the first time because they were recommended and I really liked them!In a nutshell I would say 5 stars for ambiance/scene and beer selection and 2 stars for food. I just love the the fireplace, but would definitely pass on the food. Maybe it's just that I had high hopes based on the reviews for the cheese fries, but they were underwhelming at best (and I would consider myself a bit of a fry connisseur). The cheese sauce was more like a gravy. If you happen to get the munchies while there I would reccommend getting plain fries with the spicy aioli sauce (the only bit of food that was tastynon my opinion).I have only had wonderful experiences here. Great mussels, cute atmosphere, big portions. The mussels are huge and come with bread and i think fries of a salad. I have also had the duck poutine which was great but a little too much cheese sauce which made the fries pretty soggy. Great food and beer but not cheap.Last night was our first dining experience at Devils Den. As always we were indecisive as to where to eat so I was checking out the latest Zagat lists. This restaurant was listed under top restaurants with fireplaces. The weather was rainy,cold, and miserable so a warm cozy fire was exactly what we needed.  
The atmosphere rocked. Appropriately dim and warm. The seasonal holiday decor was full of spirit and added to the dining experience. 
The hostess was genuinely welcoming and helpful which I loved, really set the tone for the rest of the meal. My boyfriend got a burger which was huge and filling. I got the open face hot turkey special which was DELICIOUS and hearty. The beer list is extensive, also lots of great drafts. We ordered the holiday beer flight which was perfect. 
My server ( platinum blonde female, I forget her name sorry :-/ ) was also super awesome, personable, and on point through out service. She even maintained service after we paid which I loved, didn't feel rushed. 
As a waitress employed at a competing restaurant in the neighborhood, i don't typically yelp because there are so many self Righteous jerks complaining about anything their lame brain can gather--- however praise when praise is due, I will absolutely be back devils den. YUM!I love this place, their food is delicious. I always get their bacon cheese fries mmmmmm and they have a really good beer list, I also really like the atmosphere here and the staff is super friendly and accommodating, I always have a good experience. I live in Center City so I just wish I'd go a little more often for those fries :) Oh and last time I was there I got their moscow mule cocktail and it was absolutely awesome. Will definitely be getting that again.Did you know there are restaurants out there that sell bottles of wine for under $20? Well, Devils Den is one of them. Pair that with their awesome fries, outdoor seating, and dog watching and I think I found my new regular bar. Mind you, I won't being doing a bottle of wine every time I go there but it's good to know when out with a group. lol.
Things on their menu to try- the cavatappi with short rib. Decedent, filling and worth the food coma. The cheese fries: Amazing cheese sauce with bacon! Tip- ask for a side of honey mustard. It's house made and has quite the kick to it. The perfect balance to the beer cheese sauce. Finally, the grilled Caesar salad was really good.  Two large bunches of romaine drizzled with dressing and served with chicken. For the low price of $10, totally worth it! 
Head on over here in the warmer months and get a table on the sidewalk or at the giant open windows. You won't be disappointed. :)As our local drinking hole we come here for dinner, brunch and drinks with friends to romantic nights in front of their inviting fire place on these cold night. 
Beer selection is insane. Food consistently good. Try the mussels.Have to bump this place up to 5 stars.  I've ended up coming here every week or two for their amazing happy hour.  Their beer list is constantly rotating and top notch.  Beers are $4 to $7 or $8 regularly, and some beers are priced very modestly considering the quality.  (Consider that you may see $5 Yuengling in certain more "fashionable" areas of the city.)  But when you get these same beers half off at happy hour???  No comparison in the city on the great deal you are getting for amazing ales.   I continue to enjoy the ambiance and the crowd.  They have a nice fire roaring in the winter time, nice big TVs for watching games, and the food continues to be good.  However, I was informed last time I stopped in that they are getting a new chef and phasing some things out, some things in, so we shall see how the food changes.The Inside of this bar has a nice,  dark wood motif with a fireplace. The bar is very clean/ organized.  The bathroom was clean as well.  I would say that the bar is a casual environment, all types are welcome.  They have a great beer selection (especially German). Our bartender was very friendly and on-point.  For food, we had the $20.00 meat   (Charcuterie)  & cheese plate combo. I felt that the plate was lame. The meat tasted overly dry & stale. The cheese was nothing to write home about. (doesn't  compared to the tasty plates I have had at Tria,  Di Bruno Brothers, etc)....... We also had the 'Diablo'  mussels, it was realy good.   The mussels were done just right, not over cooked.  The broth was a Garlic chili sauce with   bacon, cilantro & Belgian Wit.  I enjoyed sopping up the broth with the included bread. The Mussels came with french fries (more like pommes frites if you know what I am sayin'). The frites were a medium cut, nice & crispy, skin on, I liked them.  This was our 2nd visit to the Den, we will return again.My fave food bar spot in S Philly. Oysters always good! I always order the fries with duck gravy and beer cheese sauce along with whatever else is on the menu. I come here weekly if not more.Amazing Beer selection and the largest selection of Dishes with Mussels.
Nice crowd with a safe location to hang out. Great spot and the girls like to meet here.I heart Devil's Den. This is my favorite beer bar in the city, and perhaps the country outside of Toronado (SanFran) and Falling Rock (Denver). The happy hour (half price tap list) is fricktastic, and unparalleled. 
In my numerous visits to DD, I have experienced fabulous service, both table and bar, and have always left one happy ass little camper. The beer selection is fantastic and consistently solid. 
The only drawback is that sometimes the food is less than awesome, and at times, I wish the menu was more diverse: long live the pulled pork sandwich from the early days! Aside from that, DD rocks. Much love.Thought I'd take the time to say that we absolutely love this place.  Tom (the bartender) is simply GREAT in every way...the food is WAY WAY above average; beer selection is perfect for craft beer drinkers.  Prices are fair, ambiance is nice - clean, simple, dark and peaceful.  Good music.  A really fine place for lunch.I recently ventured into this fine establishment for a friend's birthday party. It was a Sunday evening and we had a big group of us, so we called ahead for reservations to accommodate our large party! 
I was totally blown away by how accommodating they were for not only our large group of people, but also the long list of requests we had. We explained that some of the people in our party were not going to be ordering food and that we were going to be bringing in a birthday cake and ice cream to boot! All the while, they expressed that it was not going to be an issue at all. Kudos to that! 
As soon as we arrived, our table was ready for us and we were able sit down right away. The staff was extremely friendly and patient with us especially with staggering orders as people trickled throughout the night. 
The food was extremely delicious! I ordered the special of the chorizo tacos and they were so fresh and flavorful! And the shoestring fries with the aoili ketchup were a wonderful harmony of flavors. 
Finally, their selection of draft beers was quite extensive. Even if you were not particularly hungry, I would recommend this place to hang out with friends for a drink or two!The spicy mussels were delicious! The side salad had a lemon vinaigrette dressing which I was in love with. Lots of beer options....LOTS. The outdoor seating is really nice when the weather cooperates. The indoor section is really nice too. The waitress was super accommodating. I want to go back and try the beermosa at brunch. This is a great local spot.The beer selection is excellent. Many, many bottles are available. Their tap list seems to have a lot of beers that you'd have trouble finding at other bars, even "beer bars." The food however, I wasn't that impressed with. The menu wasn't that interesting, inventive, or creative. For a gastropub, I just don't see it. Service was good. As for the clientele, good mix of folks I think. The decor is not what I'd expected, but it's still a nice decor (I think I wanted it to be endearingly ugly) and very clean. They have those lovely windows that open up to the outdoor tables. For me, I guess the food was the most off-putting thing about the place. It gets hard for other pubs to compete...because Varga is my home base. But I will certainly give the Devil's Den many more chances...especially if they keep it up with the Ommegang.