This place has the perfect name, the DEVIL. This is the worst service I ever received In life. The Waiter was horrible as she didn't serve us any water due to there not being any clean cups but offered us an alcoholic beverage instead and bring us drinks in CUPS, such a doozy. In addition she was very rude, the manager wasn't helpful either. She was so bothered that she gave us too much money back and when being honest about the exchange she tried to snatch the money out of my hand as if we calculated wrong. Im suprised such a rude person still has a job as a waitress. I would've given this place no stars but the food was good but wasn't worth the racist act. I warned you, don't let Satan get You.Absolutely Phenomenal!
We went here for restaurant week because we heard they had an exceptional variety of beers, and were looking for one of our favorites Ithaca Apricot Wheat. They did not disappoint on the beer front, but even better still the food was fantastic with MASSIVE portions. We decided to order one of the restaurant week meals and an order of their nachos to share. 
the nachos were a huge platter piled high with guacamole and sour cream, and with the added beef brisket they did not disappoint! Absolutely a fantastic start to our meal!
The courses of their restaurant week selection that we chose were:
Course1- Pulled Pork Taquitos
Course2- Pear, Gorganzola, Butter Lettuce Salad
Course3- Devils Classic BBQ Combo we chose the sweet potato side as well as the crab and corn potato hash.
Course4- Triple layer chocolate cake.
The entire meal was amazing. With our favorite part being the ribs in the BBQ combo. The meat was falling right off the bone and was flavored to perfection. The only thing I would suggest is a different side other than the crab and corn potato hash. It definitely was not enough to completely deter us from going there again, but it was not the best thing on the menu.
I definitely highly recommend this restaurant as the atmosphere was very fun and catered to people our age. (Mid 20s) We will definitely be going back soon!One of my favorites in the Rittenhouse area.  Definitely worth taking the train into Suburban just for a meal at Devil's.  Good vibe all around; love the decor.
Always good craft beers and at a decent price. Bloody marys are also unique: I believe they use muddled and blended chipotles in adobo sauce, v8, vodka of course, and top it off with a splash of guinness, or possibly a cream stout? Can't remember. Very tasty. But be careful, 10$ a pop for most mixed drinks including mary's.   The food is excellent...thinking about the menu makes me salivate....all of it, I have not been disappointed ever. Not once.  Highest of the highlights for me:  brisket sliders, grilled wings....(hard to go back to regular fried wings), stuffed hot dog, fries and onion rings, and the cornbread.Came here as a last minute resort since everywhere else was booked. The name made me skeptical, but I was hungry so it had to do. Upon entrance, the place looked like they were closing. The hostess sat us upstairs (where a handful of ppl were watch the NCAA game). The waiter gave us the menu (which were very sticky - gross!). My date kept pointing out a chicken bone that was off to the side of the floor (gross, again!). All in all, I wouldn't return again.I've been to DA for breakfast, lunch, happy hour and dinner and have been totally pleased every time.  Good food & service.  I'd go there anytime.Their cocktails are just okay...
BUT THEIR FOOD IS SO GOOD. Their veggie burger is AMAZING. It's like a chickpea, black bean mix that's lightly breaded and fried. so yum!
And for brunch, I had oreo bread pudding french toast. It was a daily special and it changed my life. I hope they repeat it!I base most of my out of town food choices on Yelp and its places like Devil's Alley that assure me my reliance is not misplaced. 
We started with the Fried green tomatoes. To be honest, this was my first time having fired green tomatoes though I'm not sure how any other place could to better. They were perfectly fried with a delicious marinara sauce topped with yummy cheddar cheese. Wow. The dish itself isn't mind blowing, the ingredients are nothing exotic but the total combination was out of this world. 
For dinner I had the dry rub wings and a side of the mac and cheese. The wings were tremendous. Expertly seasoned and cooked perfectly cooked. The mac and cheese was good - but not amazing. I'm a fan of S'Mac on NYC's lower east side where Mac and Cheese is what they do. While that may not be a good comparison, you can't argue with good food. 
Overall I would defiantly go back next time I'm in Philly.One of the worst dining experiences I've had. Service was great, server was attentive. Ordered some drinks which tasted as if there was no alcohol in them at all considering their daily special. Appetizers came out warm, probably the worst nachos I've had. Fries were over salted. Food was overpriced considering the quality. Would not recommend this place to anyone.I don't have much to say about Devil's Alley other than I love it. I've been here for restaurant week, on first dates, catching up with friends, and for Valentine's Day. Always a good time! Their vegetarian options do leave much to be desired, but that might be because I can be a bit picky. I do highly recommend the fried green tomatoes though!A quaint cafe. Walked over with a group of friends after a comedy show at Helium. Everyone was satisfied with their food. I personally did not love the bathroom situation in the basement. Our waitress seemed to be having a rough night, and was trying to get back on track, but just couldn't. Great place, great atmosphere despite the aforementioned.Went back again for happy hour and sat upstairs. The service was lackluster if not outright bad. It took forever for the waitress to ask us our order and evern longer to refill our glasses. Whenever I come to DA for happy hour and sit downstairs, my waiter always informs me when it's last call for happy hour. Not only did my waitress not inform me, we had been waiting for a drink refill for 30 minutes as it was. 
All in all, if you are going here, sit downstairs. Much better service and attention.This place is a good choice for Happy Hour. They have pretty good drink specials and food like quesadillas. The crowd is sometimes a little sad-looking, but I don't usually go to socialize (with strangers, anyway.) Outdoor seating is a plus in good weather, too. A solid choice of place-to-get-tipsy.
One note, the bathrooms down in the basement are a little creepy, but there's plenty of graffiti (intentional) on the stall walls and door to keep your mind off that fact.We were actually drawn by the aesthetics (the name+ the cool indoor outdoor concept), so we decided to stop and grab brunch here. Meh, I wish Devil's Alley tasted as good as it looks. The breakfast quesadilla (a good portion of scrambled eggs+chorizo+cheddar+jalapeno) was pretty bland. I was surprised how much ketchup/hot sauce it needed. 
I think I will come again for happy hour. This place is too cute to pass up.This place has better than average bar grub.  The devil burger is delicious and their onion rings are excellent.  Huge fan of the ribs and the mac and cheese as well.  Definitely on my list for places to eat in Rittenhouse.I went here today for lunch.  We decided to sit outside because the weather was so pleasant.  We ordered nachos, chicken sandwich, and a few beers.
A nice experience overall.  
Let's start with the beers.  I ordered a Banana Bread Beer that was delicious.  The selection is decent and the prices are reasonable for center city.   $6 for a Stella isn't too shabby.  
The Nachos were the best part of the experience.  They are huge and meant to be shared.  The nacho chips themselves were crispy and thick.  Not your average bagged nacho chip.  The Chicken sandwich was good but nothing spectacular.  
The service was good.  She was pleasant and prompt. The check came quickly and we didn't feel rushed.
Overall, an okay experience.  Not bad in any way - but not extraordinary either.We came in for Sunday brunch - food was delicious and came out fast. Drinks delicious but a bit slow - the place was full, so I can give a pass on that. Only one working bathroom so there was a line :( overall would come back but they need to fix the restrooms up a bit!Stopped by for a drink last night with some friends. It was a shame several beers we wanted we already kicked by the time we got there (which was only 9 or 10). Decent selection otherwise. We did order a side of onion rings and they we absolutely delicious!Went here for brunch and the food was heavy but delicious! We were next to a very loud party so it was hard to hear, but they were having fun :)
We went to the bar afterwards and sat there for two hours sipping cocktails. The atmosphere was great and the bartenders were very friendly. I'm only giving this 3 stars though because the cocktails were quite sugary and sweet and we kept asking them to change that.Went in for happy hour. The place is really has two different atmospheres depending on which floor you eat on. The lower level is more dim and gives off more of that lounge feel. While the upper level is more open and lighter while giving off that industrial look. Anyway the food was really good, I had the turkey burger, which didn't disappoint. And my girlfriend had the buffalo chicken sandwich. Our waitress wasn't that great giving us the cold shoulder when we tried to get her attention. Overall not bad, wouldn't mind coming back.Recently went here for brunch, and thoroughly enjoyed it.  I ordered the mixed griddle with a friend, and we split the french toast, pancake, eggs, and other yummy treats they brought me. I am a BIG FAN.  SO yummy! I can't wait to go back and try more of their brunch menu. 
Aside - the pancakes are cornbread pancakes, really unique and really yummy.Devil's Alley is in a wonderful location in Center City.  They offer a solid menu with a lot of options to choose from at an affordable price. I am a fan of the Raspberry Mojito - it is a tasty. well-sized drink with a good amount of alcohol in it. This is a great place to catch up with a group of friends and walk out without having too big a bill.  It is a good idea to have a reservation - especially on the weekend when there are lots of people around.  Order drinks too at a time if you are thirsty - the bar service is super slow which is the number one thing that management should look to fix.  People sitting at a restaurant bar should never be sitting around waiting for a server to order their next drink - yet that is what we were doing for most of the night.This place is pretty decent for a group of friends. Music, ambience and service is good. Love their sweet potato fries!I am a bit of a snob when it comes to fried green tomatoes. 
Gotta say, I was a bit disappointed by the FGT appetizer available at Devil's Alley.
(Topped with cheddar cheese and homemade red sauce? No it was all chunks of strangely spiced tomatoes and barely friend green ones underneath. No bueno.)
Luckily - that is the only thing I've got that's complaint-worthy on the menu.
The place has a lot of character and a great atmosphere at night. Loved the lights on the trees that reach up through the opening to the 2nd floor. Very cool. 
The bathrooms also have that 'hey I might get murdered here' feel without the actual threat. Mmm.. ambiance.
Nice servers, fast seating, but the place was still busy - so it was just right.
I keep hearing about their Fried Green Tomato BLT, so perhaps I'll give their FGTs another go on my next visit when I'm on that side of town....Great lunch place! The decor is adorable and fun. We were sat upstairs on the balcony overlooking the main eating area, but the view was basically greenery from large "trees".  There was cozy fireplace upstairs (wonderful in this rainy spring day). Our waitress greeted us and took our order and made recommendations. She checked back to let us know the coffee would be a couple of minutes as she was making a fresh pot. My companion and I both ordered burgers with the upcharge sweet potato fries. They are crispy on the outside and tender on the outside with just the right amount of salt. These are highly addictive!!
I got the Big Blue Burger and added mushrooms to the blue cheese and bacon burger. It was chargrilled to perfection. I enjoyed it completely. My companion got the guacamole and bacon burger and added grilled onion and the sweet potato fries. The consensus is that it was just as good as mine!
The coffee was great, the service was great, the food was fantastic.  The only down side was the noise. The exposed concrete and brick and open beam ceilings is GORGEOUS, but doesn't absorb noise well.  Despite that, the noise was a "happy crowd" of voices and plates and didn't detract from the experience or the ambience.Came here for the first time last night with one of my friends. When we first came in there was no hostess there to seat us so we had to wait a couple minutes, which was annoying. We were seated eventually.. Once we got seated our waiter was really nice and patient. He helped us decide on what to get for dinner, we both had the salmon burger, which was suppose to come with Cole slaw and we didn't receive it with our meal and our fries seemed old. I guess I'll try it again. Just a little disappointed, just thought the food would be better.This is the type of place where you're better off coming on an off-peak night. The food is really good, and best enjoyed without the bar crowd. 
I started off with a cup of mussel and crab chowder, which was meaty, delicious and had powerful rosemary seasoning.
Next up, the calamari salad. A great mix of crispy fried calamari, jalapenos and chipotle ranch dressing. Do yourself a favor, get the dressing on the side, otherwise it's a little overwhelming. This is better than Continental's version (suck it Starr).
Finally, the pulled pork sandwich. Tangy, pulled pork covered in melted cheese on a tasty challah-like roll (Challah and pork? Sacrilicious!). The fries were a little overdone, but the accompanying little cup of cole slaw had an interesting citrus flavor, possibly mandarin orange, that was nice. And I don't even like cole slaw.
I washed things down with a PBC smoked porter that matched perfectly with the salad and burger. It was somehow not salty like most smoked beers, so give it a try if you have the opportunity.The food here was good, but man the service was so slow. We came in on a rainy Sunday around 11:30. After a 20 minute wait for a table we were seated with menus by the hostess. All fine and dandy, because not having a reservation means sometimes you wait. Our server gave us waters and said he'd be back for our drink orders shortly. 15 minutes later we placed our full orders, because we were hungry. My dining companions both got their mimosas about 10 minutes after placing the order. Our server brings me my iced tea 40 minutes later and apologizes because it was "brewing." I would have respected him a lot more if he would have just admitted he forgot about it. Our server also said the 30+ minute wait for our entrees was a result of the restaurant being full. Note to self, don't return when they're busy. I also really liked the food, but perhaps that is a result of waiting almost an hour to eat it.
Service aside, the food was good and there's a lot to choose from off the brunch menu. I found at least 10 things that were totally up my alley (get it!?) I split the half pound burger and pancake sandwich with Dining Partner. Eggs, bacon, and cheese stuffed in between two pancakes, um yes. Our friend had the mixed griddle. The decor is fun and inviting. I'd like to return to try some of the other menu items, but I will make sure the restaurant is close to empty before I sit down.Fantastically underrated gastropub.  Ambiance is mediocre, service is okay, beer selection is solid, and food is fantastic.  Get the ribs!I've dined here 3 times- once for Restaurant Week (a solid 3, as there was nothing spectacular and the menu was inconsistent in theme), once for a beer/food pairing (a 5, as everything was spot on and the beer pairings actually made perfect sense with each course), and once (last night) for regular dinner and drinks on a Saturday night (a 4, as everything tasted great but with some minor service issues).  I also drank here 2 times without eating.  So I'm giving this an average rating of 4 stars.  Plus, you can't go wrong with outdoor seating and open-air dining upstairs during the warmer months.
I'll go with my most recent experience here.  The place was packed but we managed to snag a table right away downstairs for 4.  Took a little time for a server to come around and took even more time to get our drinks from the bar (there's only 1 and it's upstairs, which can get kinda weird when servers need to walk up and down steps to get them for us).  That's probably the only downside I experienced last night- service was just okay.  The waitress seemed disinterested and introduced the specials so quietly I could barely hear her.  Requests for some oil and lemon as salad dressing went unnoticed and when she disappeared for quite some time, we had to flag down a busser or other server to accommodate us.  The food runner mistakenly identified a beef burger we ordered as veggie, so there was a little confusion there.
The food, however, was really good.  The fried green tomato appetizer was so good and covered in a delicious marinara/mozzarella sauce that I could have mistaken it for mozzarella sticks.  We're all kicking ourselves for not ordering the gigantic, heaping platter of nachos- they looked so good.  My cousin ordered the beef brisket sandwich and said it was good, nothing great.  She really enjoyed the cucumber salad on the side in place of fries- come to think of it, there's a ton of great BBQ sides here like that- corn muffins, baked beans, etc.  My mom and aunt ordered plain burgers with different toppings and the cucumber salads as sides in place of fries, as well.  Both enjoyed their burgers.  I got the surf and turf burger (cooked to a perfect medium, which never happens) which came with an amazing, delicious heap of jumbo lump crabmeat on top and covered in an imperial sauce which my server couldn't really explain.  Really, it just tasted like a super tasty tartar sauce with hints of crab in it.  The old bay fries served with it were perfect- crunchy and salty and just right.
My rum punch was super tasty and strong, but my cousin's Bloody Mary was way too watery.  It had a great amount of spice, but was not thick enough.
For 4 people with 1 appetizer, 4 entrees and 3 drinks, it came to only $85 total, which is awesome.
Overall, the bar food and ambiance of the place is too good to just give it a 3.  Stick to the regular menu instead of during Restaurant Week and you'll be good.This place is super cute, went here for Valentine's Day because it was the only place that wasn't packed. The bathrooms are really creepy and dirty but the upstairs restaurant is nice and trendy. I had the salmon entree which was really great! I gave this place 3 stars because my boyfriend ordered the ribeye and it was the worst he's ever had. He knows his steaks and it was a horrible cut of meat. I tried it and it was really chewy. The service was good.This place is on my list of standbys - easy, tasty and you can always get a table but it's never empty. It always seems to come up during those "Uhhh, I don't know, what do YOU want to eat?" conversations.
The beer menu is small but interesting enough, and they do a sampler, which is always cool. 
Vegetarians have a number of choices, including a giant homemade veggie burger, grilled cheese with apples and salads/pizzas. Most importantly, they have the best fried green tomatoes I've had this side of the Mason-Dixon line! The crispy waffley fries are worth your time, too. All in all, a chill place to drink some beer and eat something fried.I saw all of the hype on Yelp and the food did live up to the hype. We had the spicy rub wings, guacamole burger, bbq wings, pulled pork sliders and sweet potato fries. The food was amazing and our waitress was really attentive. Literally we cleaned every single plate, even the fries were hot and sooo good! 
However my biggest problem was the hostess told us that "all of the tables were reserved and they were expecting a lot of people soon" She couldn't seat us at any of the open tables (that didn't have a reserved sign on it). I then went to open table reserved a table for 4 at 6pm (which happened to be 15 minutes later). A different hostess then removed a "reservation sign" to seat us because we had an open table review. 
In 2016 the last thing I expect is for someone to tell me there are no seats available when there are tons of seats. My money is as green as the next person's.First time at Devil's Alley Friday night. Great meal, nice atmosphere, great staff. Definitely will be back! Fried green tomatoes appetizer was good. Both of us enjoyed our sandwiches. Pulled pork was juicy and tender. Been tomatoes BLT was also tasty. Sweet potatoes fries were crisp outside, tender inside. Chocolate cake for desert was very good. Very happy that I came across Devils's Alley!Never had a bed experience here, other than its PACKED for Happy Hour.  Thats a testament of the quality.  Salads are huge and packed with goodness, Shrimp Bacon Grits for Brunch are out of this world, and the wings are awesome.  Great service when its not Happy Hour, highly recommend.Honestly, I don't even remember what I ordered at this place.  But, I do remember the person that I was with ordered a well-done burger and it came to the table dripping blood.  When they sent it back to the kitchen to cook a little longer, it came back pink.  Well done = no blood, no pink.
Service was slow - I hate slow service.  
I wasn't completely turned off by the place - seems to draw a pretty fun crowd.  I'm sure I'll give it another try.After drinking several "Vitamin Water Cocktails" my friends and I were starving and I had a particular craving for anything dipped in ketchup. At 8 p.m., Devils Alley was happy to accommodate a party , "which could range from 5 to 10 people" and we pretty much had our own private section. The Cobb Salad was decent, the fries were OK, and I was just drinking diet coke at this point. $1.50 for cheese on a burger made my friend scoff, and the portions were OK for normal standards, but not "American" hungry drunk food standards. The basement bathrooms must be what define this place as Devils Alley, and somewhere I would be pretty afraid to be alone at night. Although the bathroom graffiti reading "No Roger, No Re-Run, No Rent" pretty much made my nightWhen I was here I sat outside, and had the guacamole burger. Overall,.it was a delicious and positive experience! I would definitely go back. Also, the waitress was very attentive.Devil's Alley serves one of the best, if not the best, buffalo chicken sandwiches I've ever had.  Spicy and creamy and cheesy... and with an incredible roll that ties it all together and doesn't let it fall apart, no matter how much the sandwich wants to self-destruct.  That roll is they key to the sandwich, and it nails it.  And the fries are terrific.
The nachos... they were ok.  Not great.  The grilled cheese?  Not bad , but nothing special (although the horseradish sauce that came with it was stolen by my girlfriend, and I hear that really turned the sandwich around).
But man, that buffalo chicken sandwich is delicious, the drinks were delicious and strong, plus our waiter was friendly and attentive.  For that... four stars!Good food, good vibes. The pulled pork sandwiches are amazing! The sauce is just right and the coleslaw is the best I've tasted. I had the pulled pork to start and a burger for the entree. No complaints. Everything was so good.I really wanted to give this place more stars because I've heard so many great things from friends that are regulars here,  but 3 seems about right for my experience here. 
    My boyfriend and I walked in around 7:15pm this past Friday night for a bite to eat. He made a reservation for 7:30pm and they seated us right away. We were smack dab in the middle of the downstairs dining area, right next to the trees. The table was in such an awkward place with walkways going on both sides of us. So I had the female dilemma of trying to find a good spot for my purse. The seats were highly uncomfortable and the material of my dress made me slip around in the chair a couple of times. Even my boyfriend mentioned being uncomfortable after being seated for a little bit. The place itself is pretty nice and I am always a fan of being able to see in the kitchen. It's a sign of a clean, structured cooking staff in my mind. 
    The beer selection was okay. Nothing caught my eye on draft, so I settled for a can. We ordered the fried green tomatoes as our appetizer. This was pretty good. The only thing I would change would be the size of the slices. They were HUGE! I would say at least an inch. So, cutting them was very hard and everything would fall off. You needed the sauce and fried coating on top, because the green tomatoes themselves lacked flavor (not even salt or pepper). For my entree, I ordered the shrimp salad. It was basically a mound of arugula, with all the toppings (black beans, avocado, corn, etc.) hidden underneath the leaves and 5 shrimp on the side of the plate. I should have taken a picture because it just looked down right odd. They needed to add another leafy green in there and way more shrimp. There was no protein in the meal! Also, they obviously tossed all the toppings in with the arugula because they were all on the bottom of the pile. It was basically playing needle in a haystack. 
    The service was okay. Our food was pretty timely. Our waitress seemed really out of it. I guess I could understand since it was a busy time on a Friday. Never came and asked how our food was...
    I will be back here again. I imagine this place is a lot better at burgers and the such. Until that update, my review of this place will stand at 3 stars.came here for brunch and waited 30 minutes for orange juice and 40 minutes for a subpar omelette....It was Me and my babe first time here and I must say we were not disappointed at all everything was delicious down to the lemonade he loved the lemonade those dry rub wings was yummy and those marinated cucumbers was heaven in my mouth and that damn turkey burger lawd Jezuz IT WAS FREAKING AWESOME the atmosphere was nice and our waitress was the bomb lol Our top spot for now  
Yours truly Mrs FoodieGreat for happy hour as they have a vast selection of beers!  Love that! 
When you drink, you need food... and the food here is just ok.  I had the burger which was just ok, nothing special, kind of bland but the fries were OVERLY salty.  With the overly saltiness, you drink more.  I get what they just did here... but it worked!  
All in all, good place for drinks.  The food was ok, maybe I should try one of their Mussel dishes the next time I'm here.Came here on a Friday after work for happy hour. Absolutely was floored by how great this place was. The happy hour special runs till 7pm which is a godsend for those who don't get out of the office until much later. The deals are fantastic. You have a couple choices of $3 beers, some $4-5 cocktails and sangria. The food has some delicious buffalo wings in a creamy mayo-ketchup sauce, pulled pork sliders and quesadillas for less then $5 each. Talk about a great deal! Not to mention that the waitstaff was super polite and attentive, positive experiences all around, come with a small group and get your drink onMade a reservation via open table for 7pm on a Saturday night. Got there on time and we're seated in the upstairs bar section. Waiter came to take our drink order, we waited 15 minutes for a sprite and a beer. Then our waiter seemed to forget about us. We sat for 40 minutes before we decided to leave and go elsewhere. Can't say anything about the food as I unfortunately never had a chance to try it. Very disappointed.This place is my favorite to go grab a sangria at, especially during happy hour. I also like to snack on their jalapeños calamari which is delicious. A lot of their appetizers are definitely good. However, I've tried their regular burger and veggie burger and I can't say that I love it ... Or even like it. They were so dry and burnt. The service is okay, not bad. The atmosphere and lighting at night time is a bit too dark for my liking though and the tables are super close together.3.5 stars
Went here for HH and dinner, and was very impressed with the quality of food. For a bar - on Chestnut - to have such great food...not bad, not bad at all.
The prices are pretty good, esp for food. Only downer is that the wait is pretty ridics and the hostesses are not the greatest - they said they had called us when our table was ready, yet we were just upstairs with perfect cell reception. We came down after 40 minutes of waiting, and they had already given our table away. 
However, the veggie burger is yummy and the different quesadilla options are  good as well.What a tasty burger! After a lot of build up from some non yelp affiliated foodies, I  finally made it Inside the devil's alley. I had heard the burgers were terrific and now I can chime in. They are quite good. 
The service was pretty good too. I went for happy hour and the upstairs was some where between empty and full; It was an ideal amount of other people. My buddy had the veggie burger and thoroughly enjoyed it. The fries were delicious and well done. Really good bun on the burger, maybe a potato roll?
They have an awesome beer on draft and was the special today that I really enjoyed. It was a full bodied wheat beer and a good price.
I came here one other time but walked right out because it was hella crowded.  That was a weekend. No problem this time. Will be back, during the week.Didn't get a chance to eat here, tried to go, and while they had plenty of open seating, could only find the smallest table in the center of the downstairs. Asked for a booth instead but apparently they had so many reservations they couldn't seat us. The downstairs was more empty than it was filled, but they just couldn't find a table for us.Great brunch spot!  Had the biscuits and sausage gravy which was DELICIOUS.  We had reservations for 6 and they seated us promptly.  
The service was extremely slow but not so bad that I would need to remove a star.  Maybe I got them on a busy day...
Will definitely be going back!I came here for brunch on Saturday and the service was awful. I came here with my BF and not one waiter came to get our order and we had to wave down someone to order. We then waited 40 minutes to receive our meal. Maybe we were sitting in the wrong section because other people seem to get their food pretty quickly, even the people who came after us. Perhaps they don't have enough waiter working on Saturdays or we were in the wrong section of the restaurant. The bartender ended up bringing our food and apologizing for the wait. 
I did enjoy my pancakes with a side of sausage though. It was delicious--the pancakes were perfectly crispy and fluffy at the same time. The sausages were pretty sizable and juicy. In addition, I got the grapefruit fizz--to me it was mostly juice and no fizz.
I would have given the place four stars had we gotten our food earlier.Devil's Alley has an awesome cobb salad, that's the only thing I've gotten there because it's just that good.  Not only is it tasty, but it's HUGE!  The atmosphere inside the restaurant is also cool, and the service is good.  If you're looking for a salad fix, try this place!  I'm sure they have other good stuff, I just can't seem to stop ordering the cobb!I've never had a bad meal here! Amazing service, good food, great drinks. Always a good time at Devil's Alley!We enjoy this place! We come here mostly for brunch and it is delicious! I got the steak and eggs and was cooked to perfection. Our server was great and had an awesome personality. I would recommend trying this place out.This place has very solid food and I crave the Chorizo burger when I haven't had it for a while.  The dry rub chicken wings are delicious and the pizza special is usually very good.  The space is good and you have the option of outdoor seating on a nice day.
Just make sure you have an hour and a half for lunch if you come around noon, because you are not going to get out of there quickly. The food takes forever and you often have to flag down a waiter if you need something.  Worth it, though.Deviled alley is a fun sports bar with a side of eatery very reminiscent of good dog if you've been there. They have some awesome food and solid drink deals. The wings were pretty spectacular and all at a solid price. The place was well arranged and definitely have the vibe of a "devils alley". The seating was alright and it definitely felt a bit tight at times is the only reason I didn't give it 5 stars!I came here on 2 separate occasions, both for drinks. First time on a slower night, we sat upstairs at one of the tables next to these creepy paintings we spent a significant amount of time trying to identify contents of the artwork. 
They had pretty decent drink specials, I ordered a few beers. Variety of beer species present. 
Second time I came was after a failed attempt to go to one of those outside drinking places on the last night of sips. Ain't NOBODY got time to wait on that line. I haven't waited on lines to enter a bar since Kildare's at UD circa 2012. Good old days. 
Finally my friends came to their senses and decided to go elsewhere. I had been to this place before so I suggested it and for reasons that escape me, my friends trusted me enough to give it a shot. 
It was pretty crowded on a Wednesday night but we managed to squeeze ourselves into a table upstairs. They had good drink specials, I tried their sangria which was 85% ice but the part that was liquid was very good. 
Some people at a table next to us got food and it looked amazing. It might just be bc I'm obsessed with eating but I was very tempted to order some for myself. I was able to refrain but I am definitely interested in trying some of the food here in the future. 
It was fun! I spent the whole time being depressed about having to work the next day but that would have been anywhere. I think this is a good choice for a few drinks and/or food.I have lost track of how many times I've visited Devil's Alley.
A friend suggested the restaurant during a day trip to the city in 2011, and it subsequently became my go-to place.
Never once have I had a bad meal here, the servers have always been accommodating and I never feel rushed. It's in a great location.
Make sure to try their whisky sour, too. And visit the basement bathrooms.
In all: not a bad word in this review.***Not allergy friendly*** Food wasn't that great and the waiter did not tell us that all the food was fried together. We did ask and they said they would check. Did not let us know until we had the food served. They have almonds in some of the food. One member of our party was unable to eat any of the food. very disappointed.Food was delicious and cool decor. Just didn't like sitting in the middle of the restaurant like a floating island.Devil's Alley was the start of a great night out in Philly with 3 of my good guy friends this past weekend (2/2014). A heads-up call by my buddy Jeff, landed us a reserved table upstairs. As soon as we walked in, we were escorted up to our table--In my opinion, one of the best seats in the house--window side corner with a view of everything.
We were warned the services wasn't great, and that was true, however the server herself should not be blamed. It looked as though the place was simply under staffed. Once our drink orders were in, the beers came out pretty quickly. All 4 of them were microbrews, some from local breweries. And all were very tasty. From there we had no choice but to order a second round of microbrews followed by their rubbed wings and brisket-topped nachos. Both rich and savory--the rub on the wings was just enough spice and the sweet brisket on the nachos was a neat addition. The nachos also came with a pile of fresh guacamole, which you can never have too much of.
We opted for varying burgers and sandwiches with their signature spicy fries. The burgers were all cooked to perfection--and the brisket sandwich and pulled pork were so delicious, we opted to celebrate with yet another round of brews! 
The prices were good--especially for eating in center city. The overall experience kicked off a great night on the town in old Philly. I would do it again! And I would definitely do the Nugget Nectar Double IPA again...!Great brunch and lunch spot.  their burgers are good and their fries are one of the best around.  The buffalo chicken sandwich is one of the go to favorites for everyone I know.I love Devil's Alley. I've had so many good experiences here, The food is excellent, drinks are relatively cheap (for the area and comparable restaurants), and the staff is generally friendly and quick. Sure Drinker's is cheaper, but if you're NOT looking for cheap soco lime shots and a frathouse vibe then Devil's is your spot. The two can't be compared. 
The post before mine, from Katrina, details the specials, or else I would. Great happy hour food and drinks!
I would love to give 5 stars, but I can't.
My complaint came recently on a random late night trip there. I stopped by for a nightcap a few Fridays ago, and it took probably 5 minutes to get a whiskey on the rocks. Sure 5 minutes isn't long, but seeing the bartender just hanging out with friends and taking shots instead of serving me was not very professional. Now I take no issue with a bartender having fun and taking a few shots; I think everyone else then has fun too, but at least get the customer a drink BEFORE you pour yourself TWO. And then I was served the wrong whiskey and quickly told the price with a slur. After all that, I was going to get another drink, but the bartender never came back to check on me. 
Overall, Devil's Alley is a great spot I could never give up. I just got unlucky, but it really was a downer for my night.
Looks like I'll stick to their happy hour.
-John WiedermanStopped in here for a group lunch, and loved what I got. The service was definitely slow, but we came at lunch hour... but they definitely never checked up on us, and left my appetizer plate even after they brought me my entree. It was weird.
I got the fried green tomatoes! I hear they only get the tomatoes in once a week, so they run out at some point. Mine were mostly on the yellow side (a little sweeter and tender, versus crisper and sour). IT was a little bit of a bummer, but I just love fried green tomatoes so much I was still thrilled! :)
I also had the beet, goat cheese, arugula, and candied walnut salad. The weird thing about this salad is that all the things that go on top... were on the bottom. I had to eat through the arugula to discover SO MANY BEETS on the plae under the salad! Too may beets, really. This salad was delicious and mostly refreshing, but I think it would have been better as arugula, goat cheese, a little bit of fresh beets, and not-candied walnuts.
Everyone else got burgers, and they looked ridiculous, not to mention ridiculously yummy. So many came with this onion ring/fry combo that was a tower of exploding grenade firework onion fries! One guy got his burger plate to go, and it came in 3 boxes. Quite the meal! The fries were well-seasoned and hearty:)
Loved it, loved the atmosphere with open natural light and indoor trees, and can't wait to go back and try more!
Also, apparently some beer just came on tap and when they do that they're 3 dollars or something. My fiance got a victory headwater pale ale pint and it was less than getting a bud light pint! Half the table was excited, the other half deflated. Womp womp!This is long over due. I've only been here once and it was a while ago. A large group of us went for dinner, there were 20 to 25 of us split over 3 tables.
The service was excellent, the beer and drink menu was good. I believe we all enjoyed our meals. I had a steak I forget what cut but  I do renumber is was done to perfection and was good. 
I'd return to this place as it was a good time.Love the atmosphere here, and the food is soooo good! Especially the crab, bacon & jalapeño mac n cheese!!!The first time I went to Devil's Alley I ordered the turkey burger and wasn't really impressed. It was a little generic. The overall setting was great so I thought that I would give it a second try. Yesterday I ordered the chorizo omelet and it was great! My friend ordered the Monte Carlo and he said that it was delicious! The restaurant was pretty busy and you could tell that everyone around was really enjoying what they had. The only complaint that I have is that the waiter was all over the place and hard to get a hold of. Other than that I'd definitely go back!HAPPY HOUR. Everyone should come here for happy hour. It's super cheappp:
$2 and $3 beers
$3 and $4 well drinks and wine
$5 Pomegranate Sangria (probably changes weekly)
$5 chicken wings
This place is also great for groups during hh. You can enjoy the specials sitting in the bar area or sitting in the restaurant section even if you aren't buying food. (I hate it when restaurants will only serve hh at the bar).
In addition to the hh, the food is actually very good as well. I frequent here regularly when I don't have reservations for somewhere else. I can always get a tablein this big restaurant even if it's the weekend (compared to what it looks like outside, it's quite spacious inside). The menu ranges from sandwiches to barbeque to flatbread pizzas. You can definitely find something to please your appetite. The chicken dish is cooked very well - tender and juicy. You get your choice of either a half or whole serving with the option of dry rub spice, barbeque or plane  to enhance the taste. The whole chicken is literally a whole chicken. Be sure to get it only when you are hungry or else there is no way you can finish the whole dish. You also get two sides that you can choose from a plethora of barbecue options (think mashed potatoes, broccoli, corn on the cob, etc). 
The service is attentive and the ambiance is cool. Did you know that it's named Devil's Alley because it actually use to be an alleyway? You can still see the exposed brick on the inside.Overall, the price is right and the food is good. A great recommendation for Center City.I had taken some friends from out of town here as it was close to their hotel.  Overall it was an enjoyable experience for lunch.  My order was partly incorrect and I had to ask for it to be corrected (which I just hate doing).  It was a kitschy place with fun ambiance and their grilled chicken wings are D E L I S H!Having passed this place a few times, I finally chanced to try it out with a few friends.  Our seat was somewhat near the door so it was a bit draftier than expected from my seat.  My friend and I both got the eggs benedict, which also came w/ potatoes, and we were both pretty satisfied with that - definitely cleaned our plates. Unfortunately, our other friend's roasted veggie sandwich was sadly disatisfying - the sandwich and the veggies were all soggy, so she ended up not eating it at all and just eating her French fries.  So that was a bit of a disappointment.
As some of the Yelp pics allude to, the bathrooms are located down a flight of steps in a sort of creepy-looking basement area.  The sink was a long common wooden sink that seemed to be from 30 years back.  Overall, I was just relieved to escape back upstairs (owing to a weird fear of getting trapped in places).  Soggy roasted veggie sandwich withstanding, we had an otherwise decent eating experience here and I'd likely come back again for brunch in the future.Devil's Alley always delivers great food and service.  I love their happy hour too because the drinks are cheap (last night it was $2 Yuengling and $3 for some delicious creme beer, $3 house wine and $5 bbq pork sliders which were amazing, $3 veggie quesadillas).  I've been here for brunch as well as drinks and the brunch is really yummy.  They had a wide array of choices and everything I tried was delicious (eggs benedict, skillet baked chilli, french toast, burger).  Also, their salads are enormoussss.
When it's nice out I like to sit out on Chestnut while other times, I sit inside in what feels a little like the Rainforest Cafe.  It's a cool setting though and one of the tables is a stone bench like the ones you see in Europe or outside churches.  This is a good bar with good food and right near Rittenhouse Square!We were seated quickly. Only complaint...it's very loud. I had the 3 course dinner with accompanying beers and it was delicious!!I've had take out from here a few times. I don't think I'd ever eat in, it's super dark, not very appealing. Their food is OK. Not amazing. I've only been a repeat customer because I work close by. The chicken caesar salad was pretty bad. Pulled pork was OK not great.A much more tolerable and laid back Center City bar/restaurant.  While I haven't felt inclined to have a full meal here, I've really enjoyed sharing their appetizers during several happy hours and the beer selection is pretty solid.  If you want a relaxed bar atmosphere where you can generally hear your friends, this is a great choice.  I don't think I've been here late night though, so I can't speak to the volume after hours.  Overall best bar in that area.
On a personal note, grabbing a beer upstairs on the deck is the ideal way to pass time when you're in between sets at First Unitarian.  I'm also partial to places that serve fried green tomatoes.   Yum.Excellent service.  Recommend the Mac and cheese with the tomato jam - delicious and filling.Great time with yummy food and drinks.  Dry rub wings were excellent and spicy.  Nachos were mega packed with goodies.I recommend the Strawberry Lemonade pitcher of alcohol!!It's not the best place to be if you wanna perfect service .. However, the food was fairly large portion and worth the $$ the burger was good too. I like the atmosphere, it has bar & u can chill out and the decos was contemporary.I went here for the first time yesterday with friends for CC sips and boy it was HOT! I'm hoping their AC broke and it's not always that hot- there were a few fans placed around the bar area upstairs, but they weren't very helpful and people where hoarded around them. My friend Anne and I both has the $5 peach sangria which was yummy but watered down from what were used to with sangria. I would advise trying the $3 beer special - it was a bit sweet but good. The vibe was cool but the bartenders were not super friendly.. but 97 degree heat will do that to you. 
I would go back here and be open to trying the bar out again but probably not during sips... or when it's hot out if there's no AC.
See sangria photo below!Since moving to Philadelphia, Devil's Alley has been one of my go to's! Great atmosphere, great selection, nice place. They staff is super relaxed-maybe not the best place if you're in a hurry. But definitely the place to be for a nice night out!Came here with a friend. It wasn't too crowded. I had a fairly standard bacon and eggs type dish. Didn't look spectacular but tasted great. 
We both had a grapefruit Sunday morning drink that was wonderfully refreshing. 
Prices were pretty reasonable. I'd come back.Decent craft beer selection. Indoor or outdoor dining. Food was kinda "meh" for me. It just felt like everything could use a nudge in the right direction. Food, service, cleanliness. None of it was terrible but it was borderline.
With this excellent location, this could be a very cool spot with a little enthusiasm from the manager or owner.I always want this place to be better! I also may be ordering the wrong thing? I am not sure. I will continue to try though. The one thing that is always mediocre is the service. Good beer list.after a day of work and having not eaten all day, coworker/friend and i decided to dine here. coworker/friend has been here before and enjoyed it, so sure, why not? 
the space is cute and we were greeted by a friendly hostess. we sat down and were excited to have some grub. before ordering our food though we wanted drinks. i ordered the st bernard ipa on draft. our waitress told me it wasn't available. ok, no big deal. decided on the troegs ipa bottled. she came back to tell me that that was also unavailable. given that they didn't have a huge selection of beers, i was running out of options. i asked about the dogfish namaste...she didn't know what kind of beer it was so had to go ask the bartender. sigh...
in the meanwhile, we had placed our order  for food because we knew we were starving and craving burgers. our waitress came back to tell me that the dogfish namaste was some kind of wheat beer...ick. so, strike three i opted for a diet coke. second sigh...
while we were waiting for our food, i noticed things. out of order sign on the restroom downstairs, tables not cleared (things that were sitting there before we got there were still sitting when we left) yikes! they had maybe two larger parties, three booths, and maybe two or three deuces. i also noticed however that the staff was hustling. there were two servers working, the hostess, busboys, bartender were all pitching in. 
our food took a little longer than i had wished for, especially since more than half the restaurant was empty. and our fries were a little cold. our waitress offered to reheat them for us but we were so hungry by this point we told her it was ok. 
we assumed maybe they had a crazy lunch service and that's why the place seemed so discombobulated but our waitress told us they weren't busy for lunch service either. 
anyways, even though my first experience here was a little meh, our waitress was nice and genuinely apologetic. the staff was hustling and i can appreciate that. i wasn't completely in love with my burger either. BUT because of the genuine effort of the staff and sincerity of our waitress, i would give this place a second chance. hopefully i can update to a five star experience next time.Such a hot summer night but the burgers were worth coming out. Inside there was not much AC but it's summer. Got the salmon burger with a side salad (pretty awesome side salad). Feels light and everything tasted great. The slaw topped on the burger made it even better. Service was quick and the inside was decorated all around. Would love to come back.Overall a great place to eat. Came here with someone for brunch on a Saturday morning. We were promptly seated and had our orders taken. We both got the guacamole burger and requested that they be RARE. Our burgers came back absolutely perfect!came here for sips and they had great deals on drinks and apps!
- paloma: delicious and i can taste the tequila a lot which i loved!
- peach sangria: this was OK, i didn't taste much wine or anything else
-cheesesteak eggrolls: these were decent for the price! they're more like spring rolls, not like the heartier bigger rolls as a regular eggroll
- hummus pita: i really enjoyed this! the hummus was good and i was loving the little pita pieces, veggies and olives!
- wings: these were interesting, some of the wings were meatier than others but i enjoyed the rub that was on them. what i thought was interesting was the pickled cucumbers and veggies that were placed on top of the wing... why? i love pickled vegetables but not placed on top of my wing, this caused the wing to be a bit soggy instead of crispy
overall, this was a great place for some drinks and apps with friends! the inside is cute and they also have outside seating.This is my go-to when I want something good but I don't have a particular craving. I've had dinner here plenty of times and they're consistently good, I love the pomegranate sangria and the hash.
Went there for brunch last weekend and was pleasantly surprised at how yummy it was.  I got the 1 of everything (french toast, pancake, eggs, bacon, potatoes) and ate it all! Word of advice, if you're a party of 2 and you want to sit outside, you're better off sitting inside in the open window, otherwise they'll put you in the two-seaters they have right next to the street which can get noisy.Three stars for this one because the happy hour vibe was great and the food was decent, but the service left a lot to be desired and the drink specials tasted like flavor water. Also, it was much more expensive than was called for. Overall unimpressed, go for ambience if nothing else.The drinks here are a little pricey but inventive. I've gone with friends and we had spiked ciders and mojitos and other yummy drinks. 
They also have $4 beers and $6 local sampler.
As for the food, I've been disappointed by the spinach salad the veggie burger but enjoyed my friend's chipotle rub chicken (really good) and their sides--whipped sweet potato (like Thanksgiving) and mac n cheese (solid!).
Since it's around the corner, I'll probably be going back. :o)I meaaaaan... eh. Had brunch here last Sunday with Yelp's very own Elizabeth B. and Jason C. and it was just OKAY. EB and I both went for the fried green tomatoes & eggs on toast. I was expecting an open-faced egg sandwich of sorts. Instead, I was brought a plate with one slice of dry white toast, topped with two pretty good fried green tomatoes and two tiny over-cooked sunny-side up eggs. It was the saddest brunch plate ever, served to me by a very sad looking server. Like. If a meal doesn't come with a side of potatoes or even like, a complimentary sliver of cantaloupe or something, it leaves a bad taste in my mouth. It's just sad. Am I alone in this? Having seen the side of potatoes on socialite Jason C.'s plate, I'm glad I didn't fork over an extra couple of bucks for a tiny pile of oily looking potatoes. Sadly, I was not impressed by Devil's Alley and will not return.Went here most recently for my husband's birthday party.  It was great because by the time most of our friends showed up, the upstairs was pretty much empty and we had the bar to ourselves.  The bartender made  my husband a complimentary shot for his birthday - always the way to earn a good review from me!
We didn't eat on this trip but I remember having the chicken wings a couple months ago and they were fantastic and falling off the bone.  Mixed drinks are good if maybe a little pricey but the beer sampler can't be beat.My friend and I went to have dinner on Memorial Day., The place was empty but everyone was at the shore.. Good wings..Good ribs. Both meat feel off the bone.. The mac and cheeze was the best I ever had and the Mash sweet pot was great ..Just don't get anything but beer. Bartenders dont' really know how to make sweet and cool drinks...Servce was good and I will be going back soon..Cool spot for a late lunch. Nice beer list. I ordered a magic hat, my fave! My friend ordered the calamari salad and I the walnut breaded chicken. Very good food,  a step above bar/pub food I'd say. We were seated on the first floor, but they do have a second floor with additional seating. I can imagine that DABG would be vibrant at night with it's semi-dark atmosphere and almost metallic presence. It is definitely not over-priced and the selection is great.I came here last week for drinks. I got the sangria from the happy hour menu & though it looked like water (no fruit or anything in it) it was really good. I didn't get food, but the menu looked amazing. The waiter told me they have a bread pudding french toast during lunch, so I'll be back for that! Very cute place w/ cute decor!Perfectly good bar/restaurant. Finding a table upstairs can be a little difficult at times, but aside from that and the occasional crappy attitude waiter the place is perfect. All of the food is good. A personal favorite is the mac and cheese and the sweet potato wedges.
Good beer selection and pretty good bar specials.When I first walked into this place, I thought I was going to see a monkey swing down from the rafters.  The decor is very open with plants everywhere.  
The $6 local sampler of beer is a good deal and saves you the pressure (and sadness) of only choosing one from their decent list.
I've had the Alley Salad and the Alley Omelette (at different sittings).  They were both OK, nothing really to cheer about.  However, my sister ordered the Grilled Cheese with bacon, apple, and cheddar cheese, and the single bite I had was enough to make me want to come back to this place again to try a full one.I don't know about this place..there isn't really alot that makes it stand out from the crowd...my bf ordered an arrogant bastard beer (or someething like that) and I had a cosmo..the atmosphere of the place is really pretty, but again nothing I haven't seen before..The ambiance in this place is definitely unique, especially the bathroom downstairs. We were seated upstairs next to the bar, and ordered the four beer samplers with a plate of calamari. The waitress was very friendly and took the time to explain everything to us. The beers were absolutely amazing! If you love trying new beers as much as I do, then the sampler is great! It's fun to try and talk about the different flavors and maybe find a new favorite (I know I did). The calamari was just average, but I did like the added jalepenos and onions. It added a sense of freshness to the appetizer.
Overall, great place to enjoy good company!I'm impressed with Devils Alley.  Without spending too much money, this is a place to have good beer and a satisfying meal in a venue with a classy atmosphere.
I have been here several times.  First, I came for dinner.  Then, I met some friends from NYC here for brunch.  Since then, I've been back for both brunch and dinner.  For dinner, they have a fantastic beer selection, a large and diverse food menu, dependably tasty food (i.e. interesting dishes and not just "run-of-the-mill" pub faire), and good service.  I remember getting a delicious blackened-fish sandwich for dinner, and enjoying a burger on another occassion.  Their brunch was yummy.  I enjoyed my eggs benedict.  While not an excellent restaurant, they are a quality Gastropub.  
I recommend Devil's Alley as a place to go with friends!I was real close to giving this place 4 stars but I stuck with 3. Overall, the food was decent, they have an alright selection of drafts, and the service was good. We came in without a reservation (tried to go to Monks and there was like an 80 minute wait), and sat right now. It was like 9pm on a Saturday night, so that was really cool. The place isn't crowded with a bunch of loud obnoxious people, and it's classy without being to sophisticated, kind of. Hard to explain unless you actually experience it.
Start by talking about the service. Most likely the busiest night of the week, right in the middle of prime time, and we were seated right away, got out drinks right away, and food always came out with 10 minutes of ordering it. That's top notch. It's really too bad that the service was the only thing that was really great.
All of our food was good, but nothing was GREAT. I got the catfish sandwich platter. It was pretty delicious but like, it just was really simple. Seems like the dish wasn't seasoned at all, and they counted on the sauce on the side to give it any flavor whatsoever. My friend ordered the strip steak. Now, that was the one dish that looked great all around, but he also paid like $20 for it, while we each paid like $10. My girlfriend ordered a hamburger platter. Now when I say simple, this was simple. Yeah they used good quality beef but, that's ALL it tasted like, just plain beef. They really don't season their food here at all from what I've seen. My friends girlfriend ordered the calamari salad. That once again, looked good, but so plain. I had a calamari salad at Buddakan once that was the best thing I ever have tasted with the most tasty dressing ever, this if I can remember correctly, came with a little cup of dressing on the side and nothing on it at all.
I understand the food is moderately priced but at least have a little more kick to it. Now to the beer. Decent selection, kind of pricey but I could deal. Some good lagers and ales, pretty powerful fall in the range of like $6 or $7. You really only need a couple beers though they have some stronger ones. We had a couple real hoppy beers, and the girls got more seasonal ones. I believe they got the pumpkin ale and then tried a citrus-y type beer, both of which were pretty decent. Their cocktails seemed too pricey so we didn't order any.
One thing that saved this place was their dessert. It was cheap, and HUGE. We got the peanut butter and chocolate bread pudding. Oh my god it was delicious and we couldn't even finish it between 4 people.
As you can see the place seems good all around, but once you go there and sit down and have a meal, order a couple beers each, grab some dessert, and then get the bill for like $30 a person, all of sudden you find yourself questioning, "Was it really worth it?" I would say Happy Hour would be a absolutely great deal for this place though, but I haven't tried it.
Overall I'd say the pluses outweigh the minuses. Would give it another shot, you should too.Walked in here during a Saturday afternoon. It wasn't busy. My boyfriend and i sat upstairs at the bar. We ordered drinks and food. Our bartender was nice and friendly. Decent bar food and tasty cocktails for a good price.What can I say about this place that hasn't already been said?
I will start with the good. I have been a regular at Devil's for over 10 years. In that time I've seen the good, the bad and the ugly there. 
First the good: 
The food here is always solid. Really good, well cooked, quality bar food. If you're not worried about calories go for the buffalo chicken sandwich. It's delicious but if I had to guess, it's probably 1400 hundred calories. Also amazing are the dry rub wings, spicy fries, and the calamari salad. Food service is usually fast unless they are packed, which is to be expected. 
The specialty drinks are pretty solid, depending on who's making them. Brett and Andrew are super solid, talented bartenders and can make a quality drink, including "baėrtenders pick" cocktails when you really have no idea what you want. They usually have good beers on tap.
The prices are relatively reasonable for the area. 
Now the bad: 
Devil's hasn't really changed or renovated in the entire time I've been going there. There have been slight changes to the menu.. eliminating some things or adding a few, but nothing crazy. I feel like the food and drinks menu needs to be blown up and re-done. Please understand, this isn't because the food isn't good, because it is.. but it needs to be refreshed. 
The venue needs to be renovated. It's really nice inside and would be amazing if it was 2005.. but it isn't. Paint, art, lighting, bar surfaces, tables.. all need to be done over to exude a more modern, progressive look. In the summer it's 200 degrees upstairs at the bar and in the winter it's 3 degrees in the upstairs bathroom, because the HVAC system is wholly ineffectual for the space. The wood slatted wall with red light behind it is cool, but looks like it hasn't been dusted since the place was built. The red rope light draped around the bar looks like a college kids dorm.
The turnover at this place is absolutely insane. There are times when the hostess is different 4 times in a month.. same with the servers. I don't know what the deal is with this, I'm going to have to assume there is some issue with keeping good people there. The servers are hit and miss for this reason.. some of them have no idea what they're doing. The few regular servers that have been there for a while are really good, and try hard to make customers happy. 
When I first started coming here, it was usually standing room only at lunch time.. on a Tuesday! Now you're lucky of there are 10 people here at lunch time, except for Friday.. and even then, it's not packed like it should be.
If it was up to me I'd do a few things.
1) Find a real general manager that you trust implicitly, that knows what they're doing and support them.
2) Hire some real servers and hostesses. Do what you need to do to keep them.
3) Renovate the restaurant so it's more modern. (There are a ton of not real expensive things you could do here)
4) Blow up the food and specialty drink menus and start over. Keep some favorites like the buffalo chicken sandwich but make it maybe a slider with a small amount of fries or a dry rub chicken breast sammy with cheddar, lettuce, tomato and red onion and chipotle ranch. (I have lots more ideas) 
5) New specialty drink menu and more top shelf liquor. Maybe whisky, bourbon or tequila flights or something.
 6) Lunch specials with a different sandwich everyday. 1/2 off with a drink maybe. Or maybe a Friday, lunch time happy hour?
All this being said, I still love this place and want it to succeed. I'm there like every other day, but it needs to step up to compete with the places in the area. 
If you haven't been here, go. You won't be disappointed.I've walked past here at least a hundred times but decided to come in tonight for drinks and dinner. The space is really cool.  The food is filling and delicious.  The drinks were excellent.  Jeremy is a great bartender, and Lea was a friendly and attentive server who had a smile on her face the whole time.  Highly recommend.Had brunch here and the food was okay! The portions were kind of small with only one slice of bread and a small side of potatoes. The place itself had a nice atmosphere. I think that it is a better place for lunch or dinner. We saw the table nearby get something for lunch and it looked a lot better than the breakfast!Two stars because the food was pretty bad; the service was okay. I got a buffalo chicken sandwich. It might as well have been called a blue cheese sandwich because that's all I tasted."-- probably because they dumped a gallon of blue cheese on my sandwich. My girlfriend got the grilled chicken sandwich. She said all she could taste was the burnt tar on the chicken. 
I've come here before and gotten the burger and the nachos. They were mediocre at best. Won't be coming back here.The food was ok, however the service was terrible. My friends and i were there for Center City Sips. The bartender took her slow time taking our orders, she walked away while my friend was ordering and completely ignored us for a while. The person cleaning up the glasses at the bar was rude as well, we asked him a question and he got smart. On top of all this the bartender never brought my friend her change back. This was my first time here and it will also be my last...Customer service is important to me and especially when I am spending my money.Came here for a quick lunch with an old friend. I needed up getting the Calamari salad due to a later dinner. The salad was actually okay. The chipotle ranch dressing was the right amount of spice and the vegetables were very fresh. I was not a fan of the calamari. The mix that it was fried in did not have a good taste to it. The calamari had a bland taste to it. Along with pepper and salt to give more flavor, the calamari was still a sad sale. 
The waiter only came over twice after we got our food. 
If I come back it will be for the drinks.I was set to give a GLOWING review until my most recent experience. I had sort of forgotten about Devil's Alley until recently, and then I went 4 times in the last month. I went for drinks, for dinner, for an app, and for a date...3 out of 4 times--everything was stellar. I love the multiple seating options (outside, upstairs bar, downstairs dining room), the nachos are killer, and the veg burger is one of my fav in the city. The staff is generally friendly and knowledgeable and there is an awesome drink special every night of the week ($3 craft bottled beer on Tuesdays! What!).
The last time I visited, I was really turned off. The place was very empty, only a few tables were taken. The service went from Meh to worse. My friend and I had allotted plenty of time and were trying to get out of there by 7:45 in order to run across the street before 8 pm to pick up something at the Gap Outlet. At 7:15, I noted the time and suggested that we ask for the check. And then we literally saw no staff person...for over half an hour. I actually ended up getting up, walking across the street to do my shopping, coming back, and STILL no one had come to check on my friend. It was pretty outrageous and definitely stopped my streak of going there once/week.I went to Devil's Alley with a friend for SIPS and I was not very impressed.  The noise level was really bad - we had to shout the entire time.  Also, the food was not very good.  The fried green tomatoes were the only thing I would return for.  But even they were just fried dough on tomatoes that were green.  Cool concept, though!  We also had the chorizo burger, which was just a burger patty that was flavored like chorizo.  I was hoping there would be actual chorizo sausage.  The egg on it was a clever idea, but the taste of the burger patty was too overwhelming to enjoy it.  It might be fine if you enjoy really spicy food, but if you are looking for something milder or more authentic then I would not recommend it.  The grilled pizza was ok, but nothing special.  We also had the mojito and Dark 'N Stormy, which were both good.  Mainly, I was unimpressed with the noise level (I know it was SIPS, but it was way louder than other SIPS restaurants in my opinion).  They'll have to add more variety to their menu for me to return, and I will not be coming back for SIPS.i was surprised. wasn't expecting much and was really impressed with the ribs. a good spot with good beer on draft and outdoor seating too.3.5 stars for me. 
My boyfriend was right about one major thing about this place...best Buffalo chicken sandwich ever. Seriously. It's cripsy, it's gooey but holds together on the bread. Basically, it's everything I want in a Buffalo chicken sammy and may be more. 
The fries were great, my grilled cheese did not have enough cheese on it  which is sort of devestating to a cheese lover BUT I still liked it.
The one thing that brings this place down for me are the drink prices. My drinks were more expensive then my main dish. I wasn't a fan of that BUT i would definitely go back. It was a fun atmosphere and definitely a good place for drinks and sammies on a friday or saturday night with friends!First time in. I ordered a medium rare burger and ended up getting a pre-cooked medium well chargrilled burger. Nice environment and friendly staff. Don't go there for the food.We were really looking forward to trying this place out during our last trip into the city.  Maybe it was an off night for them (it was a Sunday night). 
The service in particular was sub par.  When we got seated, it took a while for the server to make it to our table (and it wasn't crowded). And when he did stop by, he didn't introduce himself or welcome us....he said "are you ready to order?"  I'd expect that kind of service at a fast food place, but not at a well rated gastro pub.  Then when he brought beers for two of us, it took about 5-10 minutes for him to bring out the two cocktails for the other guests. 
Also, the place was ridiculously hot inside. I don't know if it was part of the "devil" theme, or if the AC was just out. But we were sweating throughout the meal, which was around 5-6 pm. There was actually an elderly guy across the restaurant from us that had his daughter fanning him and putting ice packs on him!  Yes, it was that hot!  
I will say, my food was great!  I had the Philly Cuban sandwich, which was served on a Philly soft pretzel. Very imaginative and tasty!  They had some good beers to choose from, and the cocktails looked creative. 
Loved the decor as well. The kitchen was open and could be seen from the tables.  They have outdoor seating and a 2nd floor which we didn't check out. 
Hope they invest in a better AC system and work on improving their service.   If it wasn't for this, I'd be giving it a 4 or 5 star rating.Went here for restaurant week. The dry rub chicken was great. The rest of our meal was questionable.  The menu didn't describe what we were eating. The waitress was not attentive to our needs. They sat us by the window. Very cold, we are with our coats on. Dark and stale looking environment. Will never returnThe negatives first, because without them this would be a four star location. The bathrooms are downstairs and they play heavily on the devil theme, with a scary, graffiti motif. Fine, except the smell was what was frightening. 
The service was slow and inept. If you bring a bottled beer, bring a glass, preferably a cold one. Please give me utensils, without me asking. Know who gets which drink/entree instead of shouting it out while looking around expectantly. Don't bring one drink menu to a table of eight, after I ask for it. The trouble is they think the service is fine. No one apologized or said half the staff called out, they just seemed to think this was good service. 
The cuban sandwich and garden burger were very good. A salad or fries option would be nice. The coleslaw was inedible and the fish tacos are appetizer size, while also delicious. Not many beers are on tap and the mixed drinks were well done.I had the beet salad and it wasn't so great. The portion was tiny, the beets were hard to chew, and there was barely any goat cheese. The idea is good, but for $14 bucks, I would go elsewhere.I love love love Devil's Alley. My first time there was for happy hour/dinner. My second time there was for lunch. The third time was for brunch and so on and so forth.
Their dry rub wings are so delicious that they may have converted me from buffalo sauce wings. Their brunch is inventive, satisfying and reasonably priced (a shrimp cocktail bloody mary? mmmmmm).
I recommend this place as a staple for any Philadelphia visitor or dweller.Good selection of beers. Wings are so succulent and smoked; practically fall of the bone. Easily my favorite ever. We usually find outselves at DA up when we are in the city (often).Cant get enough of there Sunday brunch!  the chipotle bloody Mary's with the grilled shrimp make me think dirty thoughts and I like it!
I ordered there special which was banana corn pancakes and was never as happy about food as I was at the moment I ate them.  You know that feeling when you have the first bite of something that makes you close your eyes and say mmmmmmm and actually want to rub your tummy? that's what it was.  
our server was very sweet and quick.
Keep doing what you do guys I love itI love this place.  I've been twice, once for work and once with family.  The buffalo chicken sandwich is the BEST, and their dry rub wings were pretty great too.  Food and beer choices are strong, and as one person in our party said, it's like walking through a Black Sabbath album cover on the way to the toilet.  That's high praise.I enjoyed a wonderful night out with friends tonight. The food here is always good and the drinks are even better. I usually have one of their delicious hamburgers but tonight I tried the grilled chicken sandwich for the first time and it was quite good. For appetizers we had our good old  reliable chicken wings and chicken quesadillas. Henry was our waiter for the night and he was awesome.   Everything from the food, drinks and decor make this a cozy trendy spot to hang out with friends.I know 1 star sounds a bit harsh, but i'll explain my reasoning:
I quite enjoy devil's alley. i've been there many times and go there for brunch every couple months. however, i was appalled by how rude the hostess and manager were today. 
after asking for a table for two, the hostess leads us upstairs. she literally, i mean literally (is there any other meaning?) tosses the menus on the table like a frisbee and walks away and huffs.we weren't sure what we were supposed to do because there was only one seat there?!?!  we waited for  a minute thinking she was going to find another chair. Nope. she went back downstairs. 
after that, i asked to see the manager. i explained the situation to him, and he excused the fact that they had just served a group of 17 which is why that happened.
i understand large groups can be daunting for the staff, but i really found his excusing of the hostess unacceptable. if they didn't have the seating, we would have gladly waited. i just found it to be pretty unprofessional and decided to walk out.
on a good day, i would give devil's alley 4 stars for food and atmosphere, but the hostess and manager were a total ass clown today.After a few trips to the Alley, I finally feel like I've experienced it enough to write a well thought out review. I can only speak to the drinking aspect because I have yet to try their food (although it looks pretty darn good from what I've seen come out of the kitchen). 
I have been to Devil's Alley for Happy Hour and on Sunday to watch some NFL games. The Happy Hour Specials are decent and I was surprised to find that I enjoyed the Devil's Alley $5 Raspberry Margarita here more than the one next door from El Rey. It was fresh and not overly sweet.
When I visited on a Sunday during football season, they offered $3 Yuenglings and $5 Pomegranate Sangria.  I went with the Sangria and was pleasantly surprised again at how well it was made.
The service is hit or miss but it's never been too difficult to track down a server when sitting in the bar area upstairs. The prices are reasonable and the atmosphere is nice too.
I have to give it 3 stars mainly because the bathrooms are disgusting and the place is always ridiculously hot during the summer as they keep the windows open. I had to leave because I was so hot the last time I went.
Turn on the AC and clean up the bathrooms Devil's Alley! Then I can update my review... :-)One of my favorite spots (hideaways) downtown. I've been here for brunch and a late lunch. This time I took my brother and he seemed to enjoy it as well. 
The food is phenomenal and it never feels crowded but feels small and intimate. I think this maybe because it has an upstairs. They have a good amount of vegetarian options as well. 
It's location is nearly in the heart of downtown Philadelphia, as it is walking distance to City Hall. It has sidewalk sitting which is a great add-on for any downtown eatery and the windows of the first floor area can open out to the streets. 
Lastly, I had a decent margarita and a delicious dirty martini. The waitress was quite pleasant and they look dressed down rather than dressed up, which is a great plus when you are eating a salmon burger, Haha. There is a bit of a hipster feel to the place but who cares? Right? The prices aren't too bad for a downtown spot, so I think it's a great choice when you need an informal, decent price place to take practically anyone.
Fin. 
-Madd (@MaddMack)Where do I begin..... First off, the service was EXCELLENT! Pleasant servers and a pleasant atmosphere. I ordered the half pound burger and it was cooked to perfection. The grilled chicken wings were tasty served with what I like to call "AWESOME SAUCE". Even America's favorite drink (lemonade) taste like it was homemade. The upstairs even Jai's a nice view of the city. Definitely one of my top choices for a nice meal and atmosphere. I love this place and would definitely recommend to others if they appreciate good food.Love the grilled cheese with apple.  Gets a little crowded at Happy Hour and the lack of bathrooms can make this place super annoyingQuite a find & quite a surprise. We came here for Mothers Day brunch, not expecting much, honestly, but the decor and vibe was hip and friendly. The cocktail menu was super creative. The service was great. The food was delicious and had some unexpected gems like MIXED BERRY BREAD PUDDING FRENCH TOAST.  Yea, you read that right. "Yum," is also right.One of my favorite places to grab a drink and bite to eat when I'm in the area.  Good prices, selection and atmosphere.Ate here again with a large party of 15. The hostess was so nice to accommodate our added +3 request in the last hour. Service was prompt and wonderful!After being a monthly customer of Devil's Alley for the past 3 years, I wish I could be leaving a more complimentary review for one of my go-to restaurants in center city. Unfortunately, after my last visit, that just can't be the case.
It was a slow week day, when I met my girlfriend here for lunch on her hour break. We placed our order and waited. Waited longer than I was used to for this place. Finally, I saw our order being carried up the stairs to our table, when the runner was intercepted by the owner. After a moment of what seemed to be overreaction and confusion between her and a few other members of the staff, we got to watch our meals go back down the stairs to the kitchen.
Our waiter came and apologized, but with now only 10 minutes left on a lunch break and no food, we had to get it boxed up to go from the kitchen. No sort of compensation or even explanation from the owner herself, which I honestly find unacceptable. To me that says, "I don't really care about what the customers themselves think of the food, it's what I think."
Every other time, this restaurant has been great. However, apparently if the owner is around you can expect the staff to be walking on eggshells and delays from the kitchen. Owners without good customer relations get -2 stars in my book.SS and I went to get lunch there on a weekday. We both had burgers and shared fries. I had turkey burger which was a pretty heavy meal. Their burger bun is textured more like croissant which may be a hit or miss for people.
When N and I went there to get dinner we got grilled chicked wings which impressed N as it was very easy to eat and a lot less greasy then normal wings. He liked his burger and I liked my salad with calamari on top.
I liked their food and unique decor.I used to come to this restaurant when I worked in the area. I recently visited this restaurant during a weekend trip to Philly. I really enjoyed my food. I ordered a turkey burger which was flavorful and filling. We had pretty good service and the ambience was very nice.Went here for Restaurant week during a business trip.  The food was AMAZING!  The arugula beet salad sounded strange, but was pretty much the greatest salad ever: just the right dressings.  The atmosphere was great, easy on the eyes and outdoor seating made for some great people watching.  Good customers too (coincidentally sat next to a man visiting from Italy who studied the same neuroscience I did).  
Furthermore, I lost my receipt and my company wasn't going to reimburse me. Emailed them and they really spent time to dig it up for me.
Single handedly made my trip to Philidelphia a great one.  Glad I didn't give in to some cheese stake shack!I been here twice in one year and there is significant difference in price and quality of food. Definitely not returning here again.I love the atmosphere and the staff as well as the food! You must get the chili!! I enjoyed a pulled pork sandwich and a brisket sandwich.Service was pretty good. The server (CJ) was very nice. The food and atmosphere was calming and food had good taste. The drinks were put together nicely.  I'm sure I will be returning once the weather becomes nicer!This place is near my house and totally hit or miss. I've had some good meals here, but I once got a burger for takeout that was completely well done (I asked for medium) and the accompanying fries were cold. Luckily, when I called and explained they refunded the whole thing. I still haven't found myself dying to go back anytime soon. It's got a cute vibe so not a bad place to grab a beer.As a somewhat regular, I am always happy to spend my money for great food, service and a nice selection of beer.  I highly recommend the grilled sweet potates along with the bbq combo.  Also key are the acoustics as it rarely gets too loud in the dining room.A nice bar to go to in the warmer months, the entire front of the building opens up on the second floor, giving it a porch like quality.  The bar was pretty small, but we were able to find a seat quickly.  I like the look of this place, its very comfortable and I like the tree in the middle of the room.  
We were only there for a quick drink while we were waiting for our table elsewhere, so I can't say anything about the food.  Their draughts were good enough, I didn't particularly like the pumpkin beer that I ordered, but there were a couple things that I hadn't tried before.  
I'd be interested in going back and staying for a bit longer, for now it gets a solid 3 stars.Stopped in for lunch.. Had the avocado Bacon burger. Awesome! Friend had the chorizo burger. Amazing.
 A go to place for great food ,service and beer.This is a great spot to grab a drink and a snack. I've been here with coworkers and for a date night and regardless of my companions, it is a great stop for drinks, conversation, and bites. 
The spicy dry-rubbed wings are great and our bartender upstairs was attentive enough without being intrusive. We were pleasantly surprised when he told us that happy hour started on a SUNDAY(we don't see this often, if ever, ANYWHERE)! 
One down side is that there was no AC, just fans but it's a nice local spot!The food was okay.  We had lunch here and it came to be $50 I think it's a bit pricey,  the burgers weren't even that goodVery cute bar with outdoor seating and plein air seating on the second floor. Burgers are fine, as are the brunch offerings. Good local spot, but don't make a long trip--you will likely pass other spots which are as good or better.Stopped in for opening night of center city sips.  $4 glasses of sangria, yes please!  The sangria was good, but a little on the sweet side.  It did keep me hydrated for my cross-fit work out in Washington Square Park though.
I've been here for lunch too and the food is always pretty decent, but the service is really slow.Devil's Alley has a fun sign and dim interior. Two of us were seated upstairs. Oddly, the tables are situated along the balcony rather than the wall. The balcony is wrapped in holiday lights. There are fake greenery hung about the place and trees on the first floor too. Unnecessary dust-accumulating clutter, in my opinion. 
The beer selection was intriguing. I had a yummy one, the name of which I do not remember. We started with half a chicken quesadilla. It wasn't very impressive. But our entrees were huge. My companion had the buffalo chicken sandwich, and he really liked the hot sauce. I was super pumped to try a fried green tomato, so I ordered the fried green BLT. The tomato did not disappoint! I have found a new food to love. However, there was way, way too much goat cheese spread on the sandwich. They might as well not have included tomato aoli, because its presence in the flavors was zero. 
The two of us took half our meals home. The fries reheated well the next day for lunch. The prices didn't seem absurd or gratuitous.
On a random note, I learned several days later that this restaurant was constructed by non-union workers.I've only been here twice, but I really like the place. Sweet location in Center City, and I find it perfect for if you want a chill night out, grab some drinks with friends for a casual night / date night.
Their food is solid, as solid as bar food could be. I've gotten their spice rubbed wings twice and they're really good. Juicy, and I love that dry spice rub. 
They've got a good beer selection, and very fairly priced (6.50 for bottled golden monkey, and $5 for Troegs / Sly Fox ). 
Their nachos --SO BIG. Split between minimum of 3.. preferably 4 people. Yes yes, most nachos are big, but this was ridiculous ( in a good way.. don't you dare change it!). I love their chips, the cheese sauce is good, the guacamole is great. Solid freaking nachos.
If I lived in the neighborhood, I could see this being my local watering hole.First off- love the location! We came here on a Saturday for Brunch. Easy location to get to from the Patco and no trouble getting a table upstairs. 
Walk inside and it's such a great space. Slight hipster feel with history mixed in, from the exposed brick and wood paneling to 50's style fans. And there's even a tree inside!
The service was friendly and chill, but when you wobble my mimosa and it splashes on the table, maybe think to bring over extra napkins.
I decided to go for the Alley Omelette (bacon, cheddar, scallions with potatoes on the side). Could have had more bacon and cheese. It was more of a scallion omelette with the other ingredients as a side note. Needed a touch of salt, but the potatoes rocked.
He went with the biscuits and sausage gravy. Un-be-liev-able. That biscuit probably best I've ever had? I'm sure it was. The sausage gravy was seasoned perfectly. Incredible dish.
And of course, I got a pancake on the side. Plate licking worthy. The edge had a nice crispness to it, with a fluffy soft center and maple butter spread all over it. 
The strawberry mimosa was tasty as well. Overall, I'm excited to come back and try everything else!Honestly, I forgot how much I love this place! 
Fantastic food for a quick bite of American fare. The decor reminds me of a place you would see in South Beach, which is actually pretty cool to find in Philadelphia. 
Turkey burgers are phenomenal! I'm a big fan! The beef burgers are delish too! 
I highly recommend this place!One of my favorite places in Center City. Awesome Happy Hour every Mon-Fri, which is why I frequent here.
Actually sat down to have a meal here with a friend. I got the BBQ'd Chicken Salad sandwich with a side of grilled sweet potatoes and she got the Walnut-Breaded Chicken Tenders.
It's hard to make a decision as there's such a variety of food to choose from. I loved my sandwich and was jealous of my friends chicken tenders. The bartenders are really friendly and the waitstaff is really attentive. Go here, it's great!The service here is underwhelming at best. Our server was inattentive and impersonable. It took much too long for her to take our order, and she did not come back to the table once to check on everything. The food itself was also unimpressive. The only redeemable thing about the experience was that the spicy Bloody Mary was actually quite good.Grilled wings with dry rub are huge and delicious.
Veggie burger. Really average. Pass.
Bathroom. Scary.I ate here twice now, both times food was very average. The SERVICE on the earned every bit of this one star, both times waited 15 minutes to get menus, 10 more to get two ice waters. Then today waited well over 30 mins for a Bloody Mary that when it finally arrived I couldn't grab the glass because it looked like a 5 year old mixed it with their eyes closed, and to top it off tasted terrible. Most places would ask if you wanted something different when they see it's still a full glass by the end of your meal, but not Devils Alley, they'll just bring over your check before they ask if you need ketchup. I sincerely envy the ground you walk on if you ate here and didn't have to wave down the server to ask for a refill of ice water.
I always believe if giving a place a second chance, today they failed miserably. A ton of better brunch places to go in the city, hopefully you don't settle for Devils Alley.Not a bad little spot. Cool upstairs bar with limited sitting. They have 8 beers on tap and if your a wine drinker they have a $10 wine flight and since my wife loves wine soi surprised her with one.Devil's Alley is awesome on the ambience and a solid 3/3.5 on the food as other reviews have stated. It's a lot larger on the inside than it appears to be outside. Although we made a reservation, it wasn't crowded at all and walk-ins were being seated right away. But, although it wasn't crowded, it took a while for our appetizers and entrees to arrive. Our waitress was friendly and mildly attentive. As for the food: You could order the fries alone; they're awesome! The grilled wings in their spicy rub were good but didn't come out hot. Had they not been lukewarm by the time they got to the table, they'd have been really delicious. The guacamole burger was juicy, seasoned well, and perfectly cooked to the medium well I requested. My friend enjoyed the calamari and also raved about the fries. The spiked strawberry lemonade was on point if you like sweet drinks with a kick like I do. They had an awesome special going, three beers and three courses for $35. If you can grab a parking spot in Center City or walking by, Devil's is worth a try.Devil's Alley was our go-to spot.   However, after our lunch visit yesterday, we decided that would be our last.   The roasted veggie sandwich was always our favorite.  It was served on toasted ciabatta (sliced) and loaded with a variety of fresh roasted vegetables a delicious sauce and a little cheese.  The sandwich was so thick with veggies that I often took half home.   A couple of months ago, we were disappointed with the menu and the veggie sandwich, but we thought we'd give it another try and went for an early dinner yesterday.  It was the same awful veggie sandwich.  Served on a large soft, long roll sparsely filled with a variety of veggies and the roll is spread with hummus, which makes it soggy.  After eating half the sandwich, I ended up just eating the veggies.   All sandwiches are served with a mound of fries that could feed a family of four (normal size portions).  All three of us left most of our fries for waste.
One person in our party ordered a cup of coffee and it was served cold.  When told, they replaced it with a hot cup.
Their wines are $10 per glass, which I feel is a bit high for a place like Devil's.
Oh, yes, the bathrooms . . . . CREEPY!!  Located in the basement where it is dark, dank and, well, creepy.  The walls are painted black with a large, hand-painted devil and skeleton's  on the toilet doors.  Maybe they want it to look like that because it's Devil's Alley, of course.  No lighting over the "sink," so you might even overlook it.  There is a fan blowing to reduce the smell of dampness.
After years of patronage, we're done.The loft like upstairs bar area provided a cool atmosphere, however the drink selection was underwhelming. I couldn't find a drink that wasn't fruit punch-y sounding. The bartender wasn't really attentive either, even though it was a slow time. 
You can find a better place, but it's alright for a beer.If you are looking for a delicious meal in a fun, festive ambience....then this is the place for you. Really delicious calamari salad (with a kick)! Everyone enjoyed their meal. Reservations are a must! Great staff.  Fun outside seating and window seating upstairs.I like it here.. I actually daydream about their Mac and Cheese sometimes. Service can be good or bad I've had both. Came here for my birthday Saturday and our server was okay. She did forget one of our salads, and by forget I mean never returned with it after we told her it never came out. Had to remind her to take it off of the bill too. I'm going to go ahead and blame it on her being tired because she looked it and didn't speak much. We've all been there. 
Always satisfied with the food. yummy things: Nachos, salmon burger, buff chix sammy and fried green tomatoes. Vegetarian and meat eater friendly. Great drink specials too. $5 sangria?! Hell yeah.If I could, I would give this place 3.5 stars. While our food was generally good, Devil's Alley is strict about substitutions for brunch.
Since I'm vegetarian, I asked for my Mixed Griddle to include something else instead of the bacon. Our server was pretty resistant to offering me another option and said that they can't do that. Rather, they would just leave the bacon out (but would charge me the same amount for the dish). I asked if I could substitute something instead of the potatoes, which she said was fine so I asked for toast. The toast came out pretty cold and the eggs had a weird smell. The French toast and pancake however were decent. Overall though, I don't think it was really worth paying $12 for that dish when one component of it was missing and the rest was just okay. The two floors and the decor are pretty cool though! 
I wish I could like this place more but there are plenty of other brunch options in Philly with better quality food at the same, if not lower, price!Great food! Had the homemade veggie burger with the red marmalade and it was unreal. Friends ordered the wings and they said that they were some of the best the have ever had. Get the chipotle ranch on the side with anything! It's unreal.Pull hard. That's the first piece of advice I'll give anyone who visits the establishment, though I can't take full credit as this is the sign on the front door.
Upstairs bar is the second tid bit.  It seemed brighter than the first floor, though I'm sure the food and drink would taste just as yummy.  I went here sunday for a nice brunch with my sister and her friends.  Sat at a small table tucked next to the window.  Three of us ordered the Chipotle Spicy Bloody Mary, and that is fitting considering it's, yes, the third hint to a good time.  Part drink, part app, it usually comes with shrimp.  "Why yes, I would like a snack with my alcohol, thank you."
Didn't have to wait a long time for our various eggy food stuffs to arrive either.  I guess we came in right before a lunch rush.  I had the eggs benedict trio. One salmon, one spinach, and one with the traditional ham.  The not-so-traditional thing about the dish was that the towers of perfectly poached eggs and their counterparts were piled onto pillowy rolls as opposed to english muffins.  Breakfast sliders=finger food and finger food=good things.
Honestly, nothing bad to say about the place, and it's a shame, because I was looking forward to my first yelp to be a bitter one.Absolutely dead!!!!! They were closing up hours before closing time in the city and seemed disinterested in us..... Didnt eat, so cannot comment on thatVeggie burger!!!!! 
I think this was the best veggie burger I've ever eaten in my life, and when I mentioned this to our waitress she secretly admitted that they crumble goldfish into the mixture to bind the burger together. It was the most filling, most savory, absolutely satisfying veggie burger I've had all year. And as a recent "vegetarian", I felt the same satisfaction that a good beef burger delivers except this was healthier and animal friendly. I paired them with the sweet potatoes fries and dipped in a side of Chipolte Ranch. Hit the spot for sure.
Ah, and the pumpkin beer was out of this world. Just check out my photo and order it. I swear you won't regret it.Delicious comfort food!  I love their ribs with the spicy dry rub as well as the chicken with the dry rub.  Some of my favorites are their mac'n cheese and the whipped sweet potatoes which satisfies my sweet tooth with the marshmallows that top it.  I visit DA rather frequently and have never been disappointed with my meals or the service.A very nice little space with soaring ceilings and trees in the middle. The benches weren't super comfy but at least they provided pillows. The restroom is a bit of an adventure. The atmosphere is very nice though and the high ceilings keep it from getting loud when crowded. Breakfast was super tasty with a pretty huge menu and tons of cocktails and drinks. The man mosa which is orange juice with wheat beer was nice and tangy and great in the morning. I don't know why I ordered grits because I normally don't like them, but these were exceptional. They were tasty and flavorful with a bite of bacon in just about every spoonful. The shrimp was also nice and succulent and there was plenty of it.I went here Thursday with a good friend who says this is her and her husbands fall back. I had such a good experience here! We sat upstairs. Cool atmosphere. Not too loud so we could have a conversation. We split nachos and a burger. Both were really good.  The menu had a lot of good choices too. Our waiter was wicked nice. I'm definitely going back and this may be my new fall back ;)Not a bad place by any stretch of the imagination. Everything was good but nothing left me with the impression that id return again. Typical bar grub, decent beer selection, in a nice setting. A good place to stop in, have a beer/burger, and be off. I wouldnt go out of my way to go there but i cant say anything negative about it either. It is what it is.A friend and I were out riding bikes and needed to stop in some place because it started raining really hard.  Devil's Alley happened to be across the street.  The interior is nice but nothing special, I guess I was expecting more interesting satanic art and other such related crap on the wall.
I heard some good things about the food here, but we were sorely disappointed.  I had a soft-shell crab sandwich and my pal a buffalo chicken sandwich.  The crabwich was unremarkable, a pretty small crab on a huge bun, I went open-faced halfway through.  What really disappointed us was that chicken sandwich.  I took a few bites from it.  The buffalo sauce was strange and sweet, and strange.  The actual chicken pieces were shaped in long rectangles and breaded with that same breading you get with school-cafeteria style chicken nuggets, that's no good.  So we asked for barbecue sauce to mask the weird buffalo sauce, and THAT sauce was even worse.  When was barbecue sauce supposed to taste like fruit?!
The atmosphere and list of drafts on tap (8) aren't enough to warrant a trip back for me.  Just added it to my ever-growing list of crappy Center City spots.  On the bright side, I saw a baby while I was there, so babies are allowed.A great place if you're looking for food AND drinks. Their dry rub wings are great, sandwiches are filling, BBQ is good. There's also a variety of rotating craft beers on draft. 
This is a great place for groups. I went here yesterday with some friends and we had great service the entire time. The receipt said our server's name was Cuba; she was very attentive and helpful and so polite! (Though if it's crowded sometimes the service can be subpar.)
P.S. Beware of the bathroom downstairs. They ought to do something about it.I unfortunately had a not-so-good experience at Devil's Alley. I went here twice to eat to give it the benefit of the doubt, but after 2 consecutive let downs, I think I'm officially writing them off my list. On my first trip, myself and a small group of friends went there for a late dinner before we hit the town for some drinks. The hostess and waiter were very rude and inattentive to our table the entire time, our drinks (which were only sodas and waters at this point) we all screwed up. The lighting was also extremely low- to the point we had to use our cell phones to read the menu. We were also seated in the back by the register and kitchen which allowed us to hear all the servers complaining about being there. As if this wasn't bad enough, when our food finally came out the sides that everyone ordered were either on the wrong plate or completely missing from the table. I have never seen such a lack of organization from a restaurant before!
On my second shot, my boyfriend and I went for brunch one Saturday. The lighting was obviously better since we had some sunlight shining through as well as the lights indoors. The server once again screwed up my SODA order and my boyfriend's side dish. The food was also less than appealing. I ordered eggs that were very undercooked and runny. My boyfriend also wasn't thrilled with his meal.
Overall, I think this place looks cool from the outside with the red lights, and we did go there for their Halloween party where they had great drink specials and neat atmosphere. But as far as this place goes as a restaurant as opposed to a bar, I would suggest you stay far far away. The service is atrocious and the food was not much better!Pulled pork sandwich is the best here. Chicken tenders are a little too greasy. I like the atmosphere and they have good cheap apps.Devil's Alley has a great atmosphere and a great beer selection. There is a downstairs area for food and a bar upstairs. The only thing I didn't like was that the long and narrow space makes it a bit hard to move around. The servers were very accommodating and when we asked to move from the seat by the window (which was lovely, just cold) they were happy to oblige. The crowd was a little on the older side but it was a fun place to come with a couple of friends.Brunch, lunch or dinner...devil's is a great spot.  In fact, it is my favorite destination for a a affordable/casual dinner.  Their specialties are comfort foods like a Thanksgiving sandwich, cornbread muffins, grilled cheese, and sweet potatoes but they also have delicious, more health conscientious options (the veggie burger and the grilled veggie sammie are awesome).   Typically there are 5 specials an evening (the calamari salad is a staple on their specials and is worth a taste, or two!). Their drink menu changes to reflect seasonal treats--right now there is an alcoholic apple cider and in the summer there was an Arnold Palmer.  Both are fabulous.   The upstairs bar is never obnoxiously crowded so its conducive for a conversation.  Two hints to make the trip all the better: on Monday's they offer a 3 course meal for $19 and there is a quaint fireplace in the back of the upstairs--take your date there for an after dinner drink.   Unfortunately the only thing I can't rave about is their grilled pb&j because its made with strawberry (yuck) jelly.Devil's Alley is a great "all-purpose" bar/pub/restaurant.  Its got something for everyone, which is why I usually recommend this bar for out-of-towners.  They have a great drink menu, from unique cocktails, to sangria, to craft beers on tap.  The food also never lets you down.  There are many choices of bar munchies, finger foods, or full meals.  The quesadillas are great, the guacamole is pretty good!  The ribs are fantastic, nice sweet BBQ sauce on the ribs.  The mac-n-cheese is really cheezy!! I love that.  The pulled pork sandwich is probably one of the best I've had in a long time... its juicy, sweet, and stacked with pulled pork.  The side of coleslaw is great when you pour it on top the pork!  The nachos are great, loaded with cheese whiz.  
The service is always good, very happy waitresses and bartenders, they are accommodating with large groups also.  I love the upstairs bar the best, there is more room and I love sitting at the table tops near the wide open windows when the weather is nice out.  
Go here, they also have Happy Hour specials.  All around great bar with a great, fun, open atmosphere.  I recommend this place all the time to people who don't know where to go in Philly.One of my favorite brunch spots in the city. 
Devil's Alley has a great ambiance- sort of an industrial feel. It's always fun to walk in to see the large open atrium, filled with exotic trees hiding the upstairs balcony and eating area.  
The food is equally delicious. My wife and I have been there many times for brunch, and things are always delicious. The rotating bread pudding French toast is always a sure winner. 
Today I had the Chorizo Burger, a new addition to the menu. It is a Chorizo sausage patty served with a sunny-side up egg and Vermont cheddar on a brioche roll. Though I did have to send back the egg because it was entirely overcooked (seriously, can anyone properly cook an egg in this city?) when it was finally prepared properly the sandwich was delicious, spicy and smooth. This is probably my favorite breakfast sandwich in the city. 
Devil's Alley is a perfect option for those looking for a delicious brunch alternative to the overcrowded, overrated more popular joints in and around Center City Philadelphia.Devil's Alley did an amazing job with my large dinner party ! 
I put together a large dinner party of 10 that un-expectantly grew to 16. I worried if we could do separate checks. Something that is always a very awkward conversation with a waitress looking on to a large table. 
As people spilled in, the hostess staff didn't hesitate to pull tables together and to my surprise the waitress approached me first about separating checks!! 
Everyone's order was correct and the food was great. Service was very friendly and attentive. 
Thanks Devil's AlleyI love their happy hour and buffalo chicken burger. Good beer selection and cool atmosphere. Nice place to go if your looking for somewhere different that's not too expensive.First let me say that I really do enjoy the food at Devil's Alley. Their Buffalo Chicken Sandwich is the best. Along with the turkey burger dry rub wings and if they bottled the BBQ sauce I would buy a case. With that being said I ordered the crab cake platter. Not good at all. So disappointed with my lunch today. They offered a crab cake sandwich today as a special. I saw someone eating one as I walked by running errands at lunch. I called to order so it would be ready. But the young lady told me they sold out but offered me the platter with 2 crab cakes. I agreed. I pick up my order on my way back to my office excited for my lunch. Then I opened the bag and was shocked in the size of the crab cakes then that they were all filler and very little crab. Won't Oder these ever again!I stepped in stepped out and stepped back in again. The way the night played out this turned out to be our best option, but we weren't sold at first. After the fact, I don't regret it. Service was stellar and the ambiance was cool. I was dipped out in the duckie (old Philly slang for... seated in a cozy corner) next to the big screen. It was mostly great. My beef with this place was that the chairs were rigid. Had they been soft and comfy, I'd be giving more stars.
What I got is what I always get at this kind of spot... bleu cheeseburger, fries, and a drink. I'll tell you what. They did a better job than the spots I hit in NY. I'm just 1 guy and NY is a big place, but I was more pleased right here at home than up in the center of the universe. Will I be back? I'll play it by ear.Good food, good drinks, good service - you can't ask for a more reliable happy hour experience. 
There are just some bars/restaurants that are a crowd-pleaser, with something for everyone. Devil's Alley Bar & Grill is one of those places, with two floors, always plenty of seating, excellent service, and above average bar fare. I met some people for happy hour here and was impressed by the drink selection - on draft, you have several domestic microbrews such as Dogfish, Sly Fox, and good old reliable Yuengling. In addition, they have a very robust bottle list. The bar food is also sure to please - fries, wings, nachos, etc. that work for everyone. 
In sum, when in doubt for your office happy hour, head to Devil's Alley Bar & Grill.shrimp & grits, chorizo omelette quesadilla, homefries.
Simply stellar. Can't say enough about the food. Textbook grits, loaded with chunks of jumbo shrimp that were cooked to perfection. wonderful cheese flavor in the grits, but not overpowering...still taste the grits. sunny side eggs nestled on top that were quite possibly the best eggs ever made. Thank God for a cook that can handle an egg. 
My love's quesadilla was fantastic. The salsa and guac with it were on point. We also got a side of homefries that were everything they should be...crusty, creamy potato inside, little bits of fried onion.... phenomenal.
The food was the best I've had at a restaurant in 5 years.  
 The bloody mary's, however, should have come with a pg13 label or something. Very weak. The mix was top notch, but I can't believe there was anymore than a splash of vodka. The food will bring me back, but I'll stick with beer until they find a sunday morning bartender that can make a decent drink.The only reason Devil's Alley doesn't get 0 stars is because for a while I was enjoying my veggie burger. 
Came here with a friend for lunch, our waiter was pretty nice and at first she was enjoying her calamari salad, and I my veggie burger.  Then, *gulp*, she discovered a mid-sized roach crawling around on her plate.  It was covered in grease so it clearly had been hanging out a while with the bits of fried calamari. 
She freaked out and tried not to hurl; I did the same.  We alerted the waiter and all my friend had to say was "there's a..." and the waiter finished the sentence "bug on your plate?" with a knowing head nod.  Then, he followed up with "how big is it?"  Wha?!?!  Is this some ridiculous, twilight zone version of guesstures?!  She looked at him in horror, I shook my head, and he cleared both of our plates.  And then comped our meal. 
Yuck.ok so i was here friday night with 8 people.  our server was very nice!  this is a typical burger place so vegans get ready for something pretty boring. 
1) the veggie burger and bun are both not vegan.  they use goldfish crackers in the veggie burger for some reason. 
2) the grilled veggie sandwich with hummus IS vegan - just say no cheese. 
3) you can also customize a vegan salad if you wanted to be healthy. 
they have a great happy hour and w/ $4 glasses of cabernet i was happy.  it can get a lil rowdy and loud here though so if you're looking for a place to have an actual conversation, maybe this shouldn't be top of the list- but its more than suitable for bar/happyhour/ish!I always forget that I've been here and when my friends ask me to meet them I always reply with "Have I been there before?"
Let's not mistake that for having forgettable food, because once it all comes back to me I clearly remember where I'm headed. That great bar right across the street from the Gap Outlet (Win!)
Last time I went I had like 45 Lychee Martinis. I get them every time, with no exception to this particular visit. 
I ordered a BLT and oddly enough a side of grilled corn.
My BLT was perfection. Perfect Bacon to Lettuce to Tomato to Mayo ratio on lightly toasted bread. I hate when it crumbles and falls apart. 
I happily ate my buttery, salty corn and promptly ordered for another piece. Don't worry, my friends made fun of me for this, but when the goings good you gotta go with your instinct!
I love it here. When I remember it.Fantastic Burger! I eat here often with my husband. Staff is amazing, I left my credit card there once and they went to great lengths to contact me! Love this placeThe food is BANGIN, would have given a five star rating but the waitress could have been a little nicer- the food made up for the service though...
If you like BBQ this place is absolutely worth a try.
If you like dry rub Wings you gotta go here. Bangin. Truely bangin manThe have a great brunch menu on Sundays. My boyfriend and I will definitely be returning for brunch again.Came here for CC Sips, with the intention of also snacking on some of their 1/2 priced apps for a 'tapas' style dinner with my bf. We chose this place as they're one of the few Sips locations which offer more than just nachos or guac as their 1/2 priced apps, and other yelp reviews looked decent. How sadly disappointed we were.
First, either the AC was broken or they just don't have it, but it was as hot as the bar's name implies. Sat upstairs on the balcony, and were quickly served drinks by the waitress (maybe she realized how hot we were when I was fanning myself with the menu). I ordered the pomegranate sangria which was delicious, and not too sweet.
For apps we shared the fried green tomatoes (unimpressive, and the red sauce on top was really spicy), wings (I thought were good, but my bf did not), and a pesto pizza (just average). Overall we were unimpressed with the food, and I feel a bit shafted on the wings. They claim to have 1/2 priced appetizers, which one would think are the same appetizers on the regular menu, just 1/2 the cost. Well the wings came at 1/2 the cost, and for only 1/2 the amount. 
Service was hit & miss. The waitress was nice, and brought us our drinks & food fast, yet it took us a while after the food came out  to get silverware, only one of us received a plate (I guess we were supposed to share?) and the menus were never removed from our table (food was just delivered and placed on top of them).
I'm disappointed because I really wanted to like it here, but my overall though is it's nothing more than a dive bar trying to be a gastropub.Went on a Tuesday night with a buddy and will absolutely be back as soon as possible. Very laid back environment and welcoming staff. Good selection of beers and amazing bottle special for a Tuesday. 
Wings are some of the best I have ever had in my life. They are dry rub, so don't expect typical buffalo style. The meat practically falls off the bone at the touch and the spices and side of barbecue sauce only add to the experience. 
We also got the nachos and it needs to be mentioned that the chips they use are so good even the last chip left showed no signs of sogginess. 
Great little spot in philly and can't wait to explore the rest of the menu.You know, I really like Devil's Alley. They've got a pretty good menu with plenty of options for all sorts of eaters. I think they make a pretty kick ass burger, possibly my favorite in the city, and the brisket sliders are melt-in-your-mouth delicious. They usually have a decent selection of local brews and some interesting cocktails, too.
To tell you the truth, I can't think of one thing to complain about other than the occasional slow-paced server. But mostly, my experiences have been of the "Yes, please!" variety.
The best spots to sit are the outside tables or the tables by the front windows upstairs. It is THE prime location for counting how many cars cannot parallel park on Chestnut street. One night, after lots of drinks, all of the outside tables were united as one due to the hilarious running commentary on people's lack of parking skills. I thought that made for a fun, get-to-know-your-table-neighbors kind of evening. And I don't know 'bout you, but I like those kinds of wacky moments.I love this place. The atmosphere is nice, the staff is friendly, and as a vegetarian, I can get something different every time I go. Last night, they had veggie chilli and it was great. 
I would just be sure to make reservations. When we went on a Saturday and asked for a table of two, the host made a face and groaned and said we might not be able to get a table (despite there being several open on both floors). She sat us, anyway.Eh the service is ok and the food is just ok.  I have been 3 times now and haven't been wowed by anything I've had.
First time I went for happy hour and dinner..great Sangria and cheap.  I ordered their "Devil Burger" although I got it med well it was well done and dry.  I got a side of the cucumber salad and it was pretty good.
The second time I went was during lunch with y staff.  I ordered again a burger with mushrooms and provolone as opposed to Swiss.  I subbed sweet potatoe fries.  Again burger came out well instead of med well but it was not quite as dry this time because of the toppings.  Our server was busy but still attentive.
Last time I went was again at lunch with my fiancé.  I got the BBQ chicken salad sandwich and regular fries and he got the brisket sandwich.  The chicken in my salad was a tad dry but his brisket sandwich was very good!  This time was mid lunch rush and our server was not as attentive.  It took a while to place the order and then he didn't check on us until the meal was done and it took a while to bring the bill.
I want to like this place for the atmosphere it provides.  I will probably just stick to it for  Happy Hour and appetizersMy girlfriend and I went here last night for dinner, and we enjoyed ourselves. The place has a very laid back feel to it, and has almost the aesthetic of a dive bar. Our waiter was a nice guy, very friendly and attentive toward us. Their drink list has a lot of good craft beers  as well as a few usual beers (like Yuengling). I ordered the walnut breaded chicken tenders with spicy fries and it was really good. The chicken was crunchy and I enjoyed the apple jalapeno jelly it came it as a sweet, but spicy kick. Fries were not bad, but not that spicy. This is a cool place to have a bite of comfort food with a good brew.I came here for happy hour the other night. Not too busy, right in the heart of the Rittenhouse Square area, and with a view over the street, it made for some nice sights of the heart of the city. Happy Hour prices are really quite reasonable- only 3 dollars for some good lager. They also had some good quesadillas, but tiny portions. (Maybe that was just cause it was happy hour?) Oh, the only frustrating thing was that the waitress kept disappearing as our meal continued, so it was hard to get a hold of her to order more drinks/food. Overall, though, I'd like to return to this cozy atmosphere, in this good location.I lived in Philly for the last 5 months, and this is the only place I consistently came to. It's decor is awesome and it's definitely a chill atmosphere. I got a Cuban almost every time I went there, with ciabatta instead of the normal pretzel roll. Best Cuban I've ever had. I got mahi mahi tacos last time and they were amazing as well. I always pay attention to their specials list, because more often than not someone you're eating with will order off of that. GREAT SPECIALS. drinks are made perfectly, with a bar on the second level. Even the bathroom in the basement gives it that divey, Philadelphia touch and feel. Overall, love this place. Whether it's lunch with co-workers, dinner with friends or parents, or a late night appetizer dinner with a few well drinks. Loved this place.Nice place to go to for a quick bite to eat or for dinner. My friend and I ordered a veggie and turkey burger and it came within minutes. Our waiter was nice and payed good attention to us. Lighting was dim and illuminated with red lights, and the decor reflected the name of the place. Would come here again.Great atmosphere! I had dinner with a friend on the upstairs seating area balcony. We shared the crab mac and cheese and the pulled pork slider and they were delicious! Beer selection was great and fairly priced. Lively drinking scene so it was pretty loud on a Friday evening. I will be back here again!Devil's Alley is a solid place for just about any occasion- happy hour, dinner, brunch, ect. It's in a great location if you want to hop around from bar to bar, as there are a ton of other places in the area. But it's also a good destination if you're looking for something more "sophisticated" than some of the neighboring bars. With two levels and outdoor seating you shouldn't have a problem finding a table, although the upstairs bar can be crowded at times. There's a good variety of drafts, reasonably priced mixed drinks, and a solid food menu offering way more than just bar snacks. My only criticism is the dark bathroom in the basement with the devil paintings on the walls. I know it goes with the theme, but it can be a little scary! Just stick to the upstairs bathroom and you'll be fine.Is it fair to review a place based on Hurricane Irene night? Probably made little difference, except that Devil's Alley was a lot less crowded than it would have been on a normal Saturday night.
Upstairs bar area is nice. Sadly, they were out of ginger beer so the Dark and Stormy was not an option. No worries, because they actually do a nice mojito. At least the first one ... the second ones went back because they were too sweet (bartender switch), but that was corrected. They've got a solid beer selection, too.  
The fare was pretty good. Sam's BBQ ribs were better than the dry rub, the mac n cheese was a highlight, and cornbread muffins weren't bad. I wouldn't rush back here for the ribs; they just seemed to fit the bill. 
Service was fine overall, and our server was friendly and helpful. The owner also owns Sam's Grill in Wynnewood (which explained why the ribs tasted familiar) and Smokin' Bettys in town. 
Not quite a four, but a strong three. I'll try it again, maybe go with a beer and burger next time. And no hurricane.