This was my second time at Devon. I ordered the lobster bisque soup, which was delicious. I ordered the lobster Cobb salad as my entree. It was a big salad and was very good (a good amount of lobster). Oh and I can't forget the yummy, warm biscuits! Doug was our waiter and he was very nice.The food is amazing, the cocktails delicious, and the service great. HOWEVER, the restaurant was BOILING HOT! There are these floodlights that were beating down on me. I was literally dripping sweat. My glass on the table was under the light and all the ice had melted, whereas the water glasses of the other people at my table still had ice in them. I looked around the restaurant and saw people at other tables with sweat dripping off of them. I switched seats temporarily with someone at my table and they couldn't sit in my seat for more than 5 minutes. When we said something to the server he said "yeah, join the rest of us", and another server on the way out said that this is something they frequently talk to the manager about, but has not yet been fixed. I was so miserably hot and uncomfortable I couldn't focus on how delicious the food was.My favorite seafood restaurant!!! Great service. Greater food. I have a good time everytime I go. I recommend the lobster bisque of course as well as the duck flatbread, crabcakes, and the surf-n-turf.Perfect Sunday funday spot. 1/2 price bottles of wine under $100 and 25% off over $100. Very attentive wait staff and great people watching on the square!Outstanding customer service given by bartender Greg. Made my girlfriend and I feel extra special.  Awesome dining experienceLunch food quality is decent overall.  One star down for overly sweet menu items.  Removing another star for having their wifi locked and not letting customers use it.  What's the big deal for an establishment of this size and price range to open up wifi?Great ambiance, terrific food...blackened swordfish and lobster Mac and cheese were delicious as was calamari with jalapeño...service was pleasant but slow.A fun bar scene for happy hour.  The happy hour menu is great to pick/mix/share with a friend or two.  Oysters are great.  And the happy hour prices for the bar menu are very reasonable.  Don't look to save any money on drinks, however, as pricey as you will find in the already pricey Rittenhouse area. The regular bartenders are good with a little attitude though.  The new bartenders need some work.
I am a frequent bar customer, had dinner in the restaurant section once, where the food is average or just above, and the service is average or just below.
See ya at the bar, no reason to have a sit down.Devon does not disappoint. I've been here for lunch, restaurant week and dinner.
I love the venue and I was so excited to bring the bf here. Food was fantastic and even though I'd been here before, it was just as good as I'd remembered it to be a few years back. 
The amount of food we ate was overwhelming and perfection in every way imaginable. While I enjoyed EVERYTHING from the yummy biscuits to the delicious shrimp and mussels.. I will NOT forget the Butternut Squash Risotto. OH MY. that's all there really is to say about that because it gave me LIFE. 
Our server was a gem and she made the evening perfect by being so attentive and personable. She really knew her stuff when it came to the wine list which was impressive and was genuinely happy to let us try different wines to find a great pairing for the evening.
To finish this perfect dinner, we had a chocolate lava cake (with a candle for the bfs bday.. yay!). Definitely a favorite of mine and I would love to come back and try out a happy hour.Good food but expensive , for the price they could add a bit more to the menu and the serving sizes, great place and friendly staff... Do not take your date for a walk in the park because the rats are bigger than you areCame here for Restaurant Week with a friend. Our server was the Amazing Matt. Matt was very attentive to our needs and checked on us frequently, but not to the point where it was annoying. (This has happened to me at other restaurants before). Matt was very familiar with the menu and made excellent wine suggestion for what we had decided to order.
The food was nothing short of delicious. I order the Seared Georges Scallops. They were cooked to perfection. Nothing worse than overcooked rubbery scallops. My friend enjoyed her food as well. I tasted her mashed potatoes that came with her lump crab cake,  and they were creamy and.....yummy. 
I must say that Matt took the experience here at Devon's over the top. One of the best servers I've ever met! When I return to Devon's...which might be next week....I'm requesting a table with Matt!This place was recommended to us by someone who use to take his then college aged daughter to dinner when they were visiting. 
We got there 45 minutes early, so we sat at the bar fir a drink and some apps. We ordered the crab cakes and a tuning sushi roll. We literally ordered at 7:02 and missed happy hour by 2 minutes. 
The crab cakes were the best I've ever had. The crab cakes were 100% lump crab meat. They were baked and not fried. The Tuna sushi roll was a total disappointment. The fish to rice ratio was 1:5.  There was a ridiculous amount of rice and no fish. Don't order it unless you like to eat just sushi rice. I mean, they put less rice in the rolls at the sushi buffets. 
I did flag down the biscuit guy and tried the biscuit with the sweet butter. I am not a fan of the biscuits as I prefer the flaky and moist biscuits. These biscuits were dry and hard.
When the party arrived, we ordered the goat cheese bruschetta and the duck flatbread. Both were good appetizers. The bruschetta was served differently in that the toppings were not already on the bread. The ingredients were on the plate, but we had to assemble it ourselves. It's fine, but difficult to share as people had to wait turns.
For an entree, I ordered the broiled Baramundi with mashed sweet potatoes and the lobster Mac & Cheese. I've never had the Baramundi before, but when the waitress said it was a mild, flaky fish high on omega 3s, I was sold.
I couldn't find any lobster in the mac & cheese. The sweet potatoes were fine. The fish was perfectly cooked and it was soooo juicy.  Definitely would get this again.
Fortunately, I also tried some of the charred tuna steak.  That was cooked perfectly too. Didn't need a knife at all. They really must use sushi grade tuna for the steak. Sometimes, I find that restaurants don't use the sushi grade tuna.
Didn't have room for dessert, the menu looked good.The food and atmosphere were delcious!!!!! Enjoyed a nice dinner! Waitress was nice as wellamazing food and great service.  place is wonderful and very friendly.  the price is very worth it.  vantage say anything bad about the place.  love it so much.  every dessert is amazing no matter what you get.Devons is always a great experience! Whether it's for a cocktail during happy hour (the happy hour specials are great), girls night out or a romantic date, you're guaranteed to enjoy yourself! The first time I went to Devons was not planned. My friend and I was looking for somewhere to eat and have cocktails during happy hour. The food was awesome it was very fresh! First we shared crab cakes (they are my favorite) as starters then both ordered the seafood mixed grill as our entree. It was awesome!!! I was hooked and have been a customer for the past five years. The atmosphere is sophisticated but welcoming and laid back. It's very clean and decorated nicely. The servers are great, very polite and professional. The food is pricey but it's well worth it. I am rarely disappointed when I go to Devons! What a great place, I recommend Devons to all of my friends and family!!!Great atmosphere food & drinks. Came here on a first date will return as a regular. The staff was friendly & prompt. The food was excellent. The waitstaff was more than accommodating it was an overall excellent experience. I highly recommend this place for the seafood lover.Enjoyed my meal. The seafood was fresh and flavorful. I will come back again to try to
different menu items.Great Oysters. I want to go for happy hour and get 1 dollar oysters. Delicious seafood in general.I was invited to Devon's for my gf's birthday dinner late April 2015, which I was excited about because my first time dining there was pretty awesome.  However, this time the host was very rude and uninviting upon our arrival.  I understand that we could not be seated right away because our entire party wasn't present at the time, but I do wish that you would direct us in a kindly manner to either the bar for drinks or simply wait patiently in the waiting area or outside -- no, she just told us in a very non-chalant manner that once our entire gets here that we'll be seated PERIOD.  I just rolled my eyes and said "ok" like tf? 
Despite the hostess BS, our waiter was nice, the food came out delicious, and even the bar tender was very attentive to us while we were waiting for the rest of our friends to arrive.  I would've gave Devon's a 4 star had it not been the hostess attitude towards us, for what reason (?)  I still have no idea!
I said give them a shot because food is good, the atmosphere reminds me of the Great Gatsby era which is different and cool, I like it.The food is really good! My mother, sister, niece and I went on mothers day after the breast cancer walk and the food was really good! The mussels are TO DIE FOR!!!! the crab cakes are seriously delicious!!!! Highly recommend this restaurant!!! Also, Chef Walker is an AMAZING chef!!!!I had one of the best meals here.  Started with the calamari and it was light and crispy.  For the main, I had the the crusted tuna.  It was amazing!  The service was a little slow but was a good experience..Excellent fresh fish. Great variety of fish and shellfish.  Aldo very good service . Excellent selections of wine by the glass.Went in during restaurant week for lunch. Got the Lobster bisque, cheddar shrimp frit, and triple chocolate moose. Everything was as good as it gets. Will be going there again soon.My sister and I went to Devon on a Friday night for drinks and apps at the bar. I was a bit underwhelmed, but considering it was restaurant week and a peak time, I'm willing to give them the benefit of the doubt.
All the cocktails on the menu looked delicious. Unfortunately our strawberry basil mojitos were hit-or-miss. One was fine and one tasted like straight rum. Another customer next to me also received a poorly-mixed drink. I realize they were busy, but I'd rather wait a little longer for a well-made cocktail than be given a crappy one.
As far as appetizers, I tried the lobster roll and crab cakes. Both were good, though nothing to write home about. I expected a fancypants seafood place to have amazing seafood. Maybe I chose poorly, though, because my sister was digging her chipotle shrimp, and my neighbor's lobster mac and cheese looked pretty darn good.
Perhaps my expectations were too high, or the service/quality that night was a victim of the insanity that is restaurant week. I might go back for a weekday happy hour.Went here on a date the other night.. we sat at the bar and had to ask 4 times for a glass of water.  No one asked if we wanted refills on drinks.  Its a great spot, nice restaurant, and alot of potential.. but bad service can be a killer.Went last night for a wonderful family outing with my boyfriends family- for all of the hype I was significantly underwhelmed by the service at Devon. I will say the food was above average for the most part- crab cakes, lobster roll appetizer, lobster bisque and biscuits- all delicious. Everyone at our table who got steak reported it was cooked perfectly- however my swordfish was dry (ie sitting under a heat lamp too long) and another member of our party had the grouper- which was undercooked...seafood is your speciality? However, the most disappointing part of this restaurant was the server. In addition to not correctly getting drinks right or out in a timely fashion, she managed to spill one all over one of our groups shirt. There was no recovery attempt made in any way, the incident was not even acknowledged by our server.  In addition, the entire restaurant was too smokey- while this was no ones fault, it is worth noting. I would have expected the level of service from an Applebee's- in fact I've had better there. The saving grace was that I was lucky to be in great company.This place is great. I especially liked the lobster bisque- the best I've had in forever. This is a great place for standbys, I wouldn't go here for a "culinary adventure" but if you want an amazing crabcake, perfect bisque, delish house salad, the BEST mussels in white sauce, then this is your place. 
Even though other reviewers said the service wasn't great, they were older reviews...there was a waiter and a bus person and both were totally on their game. You'll be psyched.Seafood was delicious. Highly recommend the mixed grill. Surprisingly, I really enjoyed the salmon. Unfortunately, the waiter did not bring our table bread, but it did look delicious. Sat outside, beautiful night to people watch.We went with a group of 7 and were seated right by the kitchen, which, wasn't a real issue, because it didn't look like there were many other tables for that size of a group.  We ordered the large tuna sushi for the table, just to try.  It was fresh, but I didn't think it was any better than any other sushi place.  Everyone had different dishes, but no one was blown away.  Seafood Cioppino was just fair, I had the seared Georges Bank Scallops which were good, but nothing out of the ordinary.  For the prices and what I heard from others I expected to be blown away.  I would consider going back for lunch, just to give them another chance.Decent seafood...I ordered the mixed grill with lobster mac. Scallops and asparagus were yummy. Crab cake was a bit dry and the salmon was burnt. Lobster mac was decent. 
Great atmosphere and nice waitstaff.Went there for dinner. Food was just average. The three stars are for the location (right on rittenhouse sq). Service was fine.
If you care about food quality, I'd recommend The Parc or Rouge which are on the same block and offer excellent food.Went here during restaurant week and was absolutely blown away with the service, selection, and quality of food.
First of all, check in to Yelp or Foursquare to get a complimentary dish of fried calamari. It was fresh, lightly breaded, and came with a spicy mayo sauce and a light version of duck sauce.
I started off by getting a glass of Riesling which was light, fruity, and aromatic. Definitely set the tone for a seafood focused dinner.
The biscuits at this place was out of this world. The outside was firm and had a nice feeling as I broke a piece off. The inside was soft in comparison to the exterior and had a sweet, corn bread like flavor minus the corn.
My appetizer was a gluten free baby green salad with one nuts, raisins, and feta cheese. My main course was the Arctic Filet Char with sweet potatoes. I ended the night with Waffle Banana's Foster with Rum Raisin Ice Cream. All of which were delectable.
I was expecting small portions since it was an upper class restaurant, but was happily surprised at how satisfied I was at the end of the meal that I couldn't finish my dishes.
I highly recommend this place of your looking for great American style seafood.Came here for restaurant week on Friday afternoon. The place was packed, the restaurant was huge with a very nice atmosphere. We were seated shortly after arriving. Started off with the baby greens. I didn't really like it. It had different flavors all over the dish. I tried eating a bite of everything on the plate in one fork. Not a fan. 
Had the mahi mahi for the entree. The food was presented very nicely. The fish was super fresh seeing that when I cut into it, it had a nice shine and very flavorful. I just wished there was more of it!!! For dessert I had the strawberry shortcake. I loved it!!! The strawberries were very fresh, the icecream was very good. After the three course meal I was a very full and happy camper.
Aside from the salad that I disliked. The rest of the meal was spectacular. A very good pick for someone looking for  a seafood grille.I went to Devon to celebrate my mom's birthday because she loved seafood and steak.  I ordered the surf and turf option and chose a fillet with scallops. This order was accompanied by two sides, which I chose to be butternut squash risotto and brussel sprouts.  The sides were pretty so so, I could take or leave them.  The scallops were good, not amazing.  The steak was excellent.  I found myself savoring every bite of the steak, not wanting to finish.
I also had an awesome whiskey sour, which is always hit or miss.  
I'd also say Devon was a little expensive, but not exorbitantly so. I felt it was a fair price for our meal.The food here was good, but not amazing for the price and our service was very lackluster. My husband and I decided to hit this place after a long drive to visit Philly for summer vacation. 
It was a busy Friday night but it wasn't slammed. It still took our server, however, at least 20 minutes to even pour us a water and take our drink order. 
We started with the lobster bisque, which was out of this world but things continued to run downhill from there. It took another 30 minutes after our wine was poured to take our entree order. It took another 45 - 60 minutes for our food to appear. Our water glasses were never refilled. We had two gnats swirling around our table (gross) until one finally decided to drown in my husbands cup. There were weird stains on the chairs of our booth. 
When we received our food, my husbands Ahi Tuna was melt in your mouth but the shrimp and salmon in my seafood grill was over cooked and dry. After two hours of mediocrity, I just wanted to leave. I was foolish enough to go to the restroom. I've seen gas stations with cleaner restrooms. I ran for my life. 
For a $200 meal, I would expect them to at least fill our water glasses! Never visiting again.Our concierge recommended this place for sea food.
The decoration was very simple.. really nothing interesting to look at.
The food was excellent. We had a couple of dishes from the sea and I had the steak which came with lobster mashed potatoes.
If you check in on four sq you get a free calamari appetizer, which was also very very good.I am being generous with my 1 star.  I will not be dining here again.  The service was slooooooooooooow.  Had to find our waiter EVERY time.  Need water?  too bad.  Want another cocktail?  Not happening.  We were never asked or given an opportunity.  Appetizers came and needed additional sauce on Corn Fritters.  Yup, you guessed it.  Never found anyone to ask for more.   The fritters were over fried, filled with dry filling, small in size and VERY dry.    New England Clam chowder needed salt.  We will never know if salt helped because none was on table and waiter did not appear for another 50 Minutes.   Dinner came and was ok.  No one raved about anything.  You know how at lease one person in your party will say,"  Wow, this is really good, anyone want a taste?"    No one said that.    Do your self a favor and eat at one of the million other places in Philly.   The bugs flying around the table, which was in the far back of restaurant, was the final straw.  Goodbye Devon Seafood.I only come here during Restaurant week and business meetings and the food is good.  I love their lobster mac and cheese and lobster bisque.  Had a few other dishes that were good, can't complain.Stopped in for dinner at the bar while traveling for business. I've been here two other times and each time it gets worse and worse. The first time was nice, I had the linguine and clams. I had the same on my second visit which was approximately six months later. On this trip the linguine was undercooked and the clams were definitely overcooked.
Tonight I ordered an appetizer of muscles and an eight ounce medium rare sirloin for dinner. I never received my appetizer and waited nearly an hour for my entree. When I received it the steak was cold and dry.  Not a single drop of steak juice from my medium rare steak. It was also very poorly seasoned and lacked any real taste. The service was mechanical at best, feeling more like it was mandatory to be nice. Considering this experience and the price I will probably not be back.Mice in Restaurant 
In town for a convention and had dinner at Devon 
tonight 7/14 for second time in two weeks. After dinner as we were walking toward the entrance, two mice ran out in front of us! Gross! We couldn't believe our eyes!
The manager and hostesses heard our screams and we told them what we'd just seen. The manager asks "were they rats or mice"? Really! That's the question you want to ask customers who have just finished dining at your restaurant?!?! Anyway we left immediately. Never to return.I went here with my family for mother's day and we had an amazing afternoon. The food was amazing and our server was great. He was attentive and knowledgeable, helping us with our order and explaining the menu. Most of us were from out of town and the in-towners had never been for brunch. 
We got a variety of the menu, including oysters, goat cheese bruschetta, ahi tuna, lobster rolls, tacos, lobster mac and cheese and the dumpling appetizer. There were a lot of other entrees on the table that I can't recall, but no one had any complaints. The cheesy biscuits in the beginning were very tasty and all the fish was fresh. I definitely recommend!I love this place. It is so great to sit outside, people watch, have a few drinks and apps. I have been here for a full dinner before and I thought it was just ok for the price. However, I think the bar scene and sitting outside make it a great place. I really enjoy all their appetizers. Also sundays are the best. They do half price bottles of wine, and have ones that cost around $32. So its a great place to hang out and have a bottle of wine on a sunday.Devon is an "older" Philadelphia establishment on the scenic Rittenhouse Square. It's been over a decade since my previous visit, until March 2018.
To be honest, the thought of going here never excited me. I get my seafood down the shore, my meats in steakhouses and my trendy spot fix just about everywhere else. While there's still nothing exciting about Devon, I did have top notch food in an upscale environment.  
My first visit was for lunch. I ordered the seared mahi mahi. I found the portion to be tiny, yet tasty. The butternut squash risotto and roasted Brussels were spot on. Our server was nice, but almost a little over eager and chatty, which I could've done without. We sat by the window overlooking the square, which couldn't have been more picturesque. Of course, the hot bread was top notch; as it was for my recent dinner visit.
My slightly larger group sat in a round table towards the back in our own alcove type area; the semi-private seating was great. As it was dinner, I also got to enjoy a few cocktails (Sparkling Blackberry Martini and Pardon my French) and a glass of Pinot Noir. Spot on mixology with a nice wine selection overall. The oysters were cluch. The fried calamari had a tasty seasoning, in addition to just being fried. The firecracker cauliflower wasn't super hot, but did have an enjoyable kick.
I was happy they let me customize my entree. I literally wanted a little of everything so went with the seafood mix grill. I kept the Cajun shrimp and asparagus, but switched up everything else. Instead of salmon, I had extra scallops. Instead of regular scallops, I was able to get the special scallops of the day. I needed some lobster in my life so subbed in lobster risotto for the Yukon potatoes. Not huge changes, but they accommodated and it made me happy.
While Devon still isn't the most exciting places in the city for me, if someone suggests going there, I think I'll be able to go with high spirits based on my recent solid experiences that left no room to disappoint and enjoyable times all around.I am not a huge seafood fan, but this place was very nice. They had a wide selection of seafood and appetizers as well as a pretty extensive wine list. The atmosphere was great and since we were a party of 6, we got a private table surrounded by wooden partitions and it seemed like we had the place to ourselves! Being in Rittenhouse Square, it was pretty pricey, but I wasn't footing the bill. The deserts were awesome, I had the sorbet trio and the lime-mint sorbet was AMAZING. Try it. Seriously.I want to give this restaurant a better review based on the atmosphere and the food itself, but my experience was ruined by the server, so I'm not sure if I'd go back. Up until the moment I signed the check, I was sure I'd return, but after that moment, I changed my mind.
The server-who had been so nice all evening, loitered while I wrote in the tip. She walked away and instantly came back and snatched up the bill and offered a rather hostile and ingenuine sounding "Thank you" and walked away, looking at the contents of the check folder. Apparently she didn't thing a 15% tip was enough. It really put a damper on our experience.Reservations made for Saturday night!  Seated quickly, no problem. Our server was attentive and friendly. 
My friend had dietary needs and one plate was fine, the other incorrect. Server was able to fix the issue and all was well. 
Food was delicious. My crab cakes were real crab chunks!  A favorite. 
We were over charged for a beverage, but check was fixed. 
Nice restaurant.The Rittenhouse Square Seafood place is good. We've been twice and we'll go back again. The location overlooks the square with a dozen seats on the side walk and a dozen in the window . (The map is wrong... It's on 18th street.)
They have an extensive wine selection. The seafood selection is exceptional. Try the sushi-grade Tuna Steak if  it's on the menu (if you order it more than medium, I'll hunt you done and torture you. Two things should never be cooked more than medium, tune and duck. ;)Expect POOR SERVICE from a waiter named, CESAR!!!
I would have contemplated giving this restaurant 4 stars but, after tonight, no way!
I was dining alone and was seated nearer to rittenhouse square on the bar side (mind you, I did not request to be seated here).  I was immediately served one of their wonderfully buttery, crumbly biscuits.  Having eaten here on two other occasions within the same week, I knew these messylovemuffins required utensils to consume properly.  To my dismay I was not given any.  The waiter (CESAR) brought the menu and asked if I would like anything.  I was not offered a glass of water and had to politely request one.  He immediately turned around to retrieve the water.  When he returned he asked if I was ready to order and so I ordered the lobster ravioli and the grilled artichoke.  He then left.  I was parched and had downed a little over half of my glass by the time he returned to fill the glasses of the table to the right of me, they order another round, left to the bar, and then refilled the table to my left, passing my table for the fourth time.  Still no utensils.  By now my biscuit has gone cold and I'm ready for a refill.  The waiter returns with the drinking tables next round and then proceeds to refill my water where I am forced to ask for my utensils.  He brings them to my table and I politely thank him.  No response...as if I was bothering him by requesting cutlery.  
The table to my right (5 italians...i presume) are boisterously enjoying their cocktails.  Understandable.  But too loud for my liking.  So, I politely ask my waiter if I can be moved to another part of the restaurant bc the table next to me was getting really loud.  He responds, "well, it is a bar."  I responded, "well yes, that's why i would like to move, they are getting to be unbearably loud."  He responds, "yes, because it is a bar".  Rather than address my issue and alleviate the situation he reprimanded me for where the hostess sat me.  
I had had enough of this man by this point.  He was obviously discriminating me because of my age and/or my looks.  (Personally, I thought I appeared very well-kept for a 22-year-old, I had on a J Crew knee length dress and an ann taylor cardigan, pearl earrings and closed-toed flats...I even had on make up and styled my hair.  Based on appearance alone, there's no way one should presume I was lacking money.)
After being re-seated in the dining area and receiving my food I decided how he treated me was not right and I requested to speak to a manager.  The manager heard me out and expressed that he was embarrassed by the situation and offered complimentary dessert (for a graaaand total of $6.50. how cheap.)
In the end I refused to leave a tip and know now to trust my instincts and dine at Parc instead.Had a seafood dinner last week. Was outstanding. Ask the waitress for a recommendation, they do a good job. Neat atmosphere, very good food.The cheap oyster happy hour lured me here.  I was very hopeful about this place and I thought we were set for immediate oyster access when we got prime seats right at the bar.  Oh how wrong we were.  We waited patiently the first few times for the bartender/waiter to notice us for drinks, and then to order oysters and other apps. It wasn't terribly busy either, it just seemed like the servers were busy in their own conversations and being leisurely with taking and giving orders.  Whatever it was  it got frustrating to have to fight for attention each time we wanted to order.  I would like to say I would go back to try a sit down meal but it's unlikely as although i love seafood - not when it's coupled with bad service! Bah.We had a terrible experience here tonight.  This has been in our experience a good but not great restaurant but tonight reached into the depths of very bad restaurants. I can not review the food tonight because after an hour and a half we had nothing but two rolls for four people and a very small Caesar salad.  We could not get a second round f drinks nor any explanation  for the service.  Finally to finish the night when we complained they canceled our reservation so we could not revise that on open table. Needless to say we will not be back. Too bad we go every few weeks and live around the corner.Mixed seafood grill was disappointing...the scallops & salmon were grilled to perfection, but the crab cake was not cooked enough, the shrimp was exceptionally over-seasoned on one side only...the waiter graciously offered a replacement meal, but we passed...Great Happy Hour! Sunday 1/2 price bottle of wine was quite enjoyable along with Buck a shuck oysters. Free Yelp calamari was generous and tasty. Cioppino main course was excellent! And the carrot cake is outstanding! Rita is a wonderful server.I went here for restaurant week with my friends and I had a great time . The service was outstanding,  we never felt rushed or annoyed. Our waiter was knowledgeable and very nice. The food was amazing . I got the salmon Flatbread appetizer and it was out of this world. Then I ordered the lobster bisque and lobster entrée.  They were amazing and cooked to perfection . I expected very small portions since it was restaurant week but nope ! I was so full I didn't have any space for deserts.  I got one either way. It was their mixed berries one (I dont remember the name ) soooooooo good . I'd go again it for a nice dinner (tho everyone was dressed very casual ).Our reservation was ready upon arrival. We were immediately greeted by our waiter Steve. Steve gave the appropriate amount of time to order and shared his knowledge regarding questions we had about some dishes. 
The biscuits and butter were very good but it appears there was honey on the base of the butter that wasn't seen until the butter was empty. The spicy gumbo was delicious but not spicy as advertised. The shrimp cocktail contained 6 jumbo shrimp that were awesome dipped in the cocktail sauce topped with horseradish pieces. The main course was the grilled seafood plate and it was excellent. My wife had steak and lobster and she was pleased. It as her birthday so they presented an on the house dessert of key lime pie and sorbet. 
The biggest negative which may be nit picky was the drink menu was presented with food stains on it. Overall I would recommend Devon Seafood Grill for a nice night out.One of my absolute favorite places to go for happy hour. They have fantastic cocktails and the bartenders Todd, Grace, & Greg are amazing!Came here for a Restaurant Week dinner and the place was packed! Fortunately, I booked a table on OpenTable days earlier. Ambience was nice - dimly lit with comfy chairs. A very busy night but our waiter Andre did a great job keeping attentive to me and my crew (just three of us lol). 
The food was great - from those lovely peppered biscuits with maple butter to the smooth strawberry cheesecake! This was my third time coming here and my two friends' first. They both got the lobster bisque appetizer and the crab cake and mashed potato entree from the Restaurant Week menu. Both had rave reviews at the first sip/bite! One friend even asked to get a set of biscuits to take away! Lol 
I had my usual Caesar salad app with crisp greens, yummy croutons and shaved parmesan. My Mahi Mahi entree was great too, so no surprises there.  We're definitely coming back to Devon!After being a vegetarian for 20 years I decided to resume eating seafood, and I couldn't have picked a better place! We started with some oysters, which were wonderful in both taste and presentation. The chipotle grilled shrimp appetizer was outstanding, and the two entrees were out of this world! In the seafood mixed grill, the shrimp and scallops were perfectly cooked, and the crab cake was delicious. The star of the evening, however, was the char crusted ahi tuna. Of course, the last time I ate tuna it came, primarily, out of a can, but my partner, a seafood lover, agreed that this was one fantastic piece of fish, and I just couldn't get enough! I had a wonderful evening, start to finish, and I look forward to my return visit!On day two of a birthday weekend, we thought we'd stop by an old seafood favorite- Devon- for bloodies and oysters. 
We've always loved the service, atmosphere, food, drinks, and value. Not so much this time.
As soon as we walked in and sat at the bar, we ordered up two bloodies and a dozen ($36) oysters. We discussed the selection with our bartender (12pm, Sunday, January 15th) and thought we were good. 5 minutes after we ordered our oysters, we added on the salmon and potato latke (which was out of this world!!!) We ended up getting our salmon first. Then our bartender told us he forgot to put the order in. We waited more, nursing our one-and-done (intended) bloodies, with which we really wanted to drink with our oysters. It didn't happen that way.
After another inquiry, our bartender apologized for the mistake and said the oysters would be 'right up.'  Well, they weren't and we asked to settle up the bill, noting we had stopped by Devon specifically for oysters,  and needed to move on.  
As we settled the bill, 45 minutes after we ordered our drink and oysters, the oysters arrived. Since we settled up, even though we were still sitting at the bar,  bartender gave to two older ladies at the bar - 'on the house' (quote from the bar tender to the two women. In fact he told the women, 'these guys (us) are leaving unhappy because they didn't get their oysters, but are making you (the two ladies) happy (because they got our oysters for free.)
Did this bartender really give our oysters away for free right in front of us? The ones we were ready to pay for?
While the bloodies, salmon latke and ambiance all tasted great, the bartender left a bad taste in our mouth for the Devon brand.
We ended up going for mussels at Monks instead and spent $100+ - with great service!!!
#ShittyExperience.I personally love Devons. I would come here for lunch often when i interned in philly. The deep fried soft crab she'll sandwich is bomb dot com unfortunately I think it's only a lunch item.I wish I could recall the name of the server because she was excellent, patient, and accomodating. The food was also wonderful - the soups are lovely, the mains were attractive and unique (each persons plate looked so different from the next) and everyone was completely happy. You know how some places are awks when you pay with a voucher etc..... none of that, so gracious. I can't say enough good things, what a great exp.  Only improvements might be sprucing up the lobster tank, and having a place to hang wet coats.As this was my first night in the city for a conference,  I wanted some place that I can just walk in to and out of without waiting too long for service.  The employee at the hotel that I was staying at highly recommended this place, so I took his advice and came here to sit at the bar.
You can't go to a seafood grill and not get clam chowder and fried shrimp!  The chowder was spot on (though not as good as a recent bowl I had in Monterey, CA), but the shrimp was a little overcooked.  Service was decent, and I think it has a bit to do with me being a pretty low-maintenance customer.
Overall, the experience was nothing special.  It'll probably be one of those places I'll try to remember in a few months when someone asks me where they should go since they're going to be in the Rittenhouse Square area, and I'll be like "Oooh yeah, there's this one seafood place I went to.. hmm.. what's the name again.. ?"My boyfriend and I came here for a delicious dinner! First of all, we were able to get some money off by joining the Devon email list here: https://www.devonseafood.com/Email/NewMemberFish.aspx?location_id=96. They send you a $15 off coupon for dinner (but don't expect the email immediately, it usually takes a day or two for them to send it). 
We started the meal with 2 apps -- a crabcake and some calamari. The crabcake was great and definitely had quality crabmeat in it. The calamari was also delicious (and free when you check in on Yelp!) and came with jalapeno and carrot, which was an interesting twist. For the main course, I had the large, tasty scallops with a side of lobster mac and cheese...mmm. My boyfriend ordered some type of fish that I can't remember, but it was also delish. 
Our service was good, but I found it a little weird that it was spit between two waiters who were working our section. Regardless, they received a nice tip for their good entree recommendations and for bringing me more bread without judgement :)Went to Devon this past saturday to meet some friends for drinks... nothing much to report considering we didn't have any food, but service was very good, environment is decent, and of course rittenhouse can be quite nice in the spring.Had a business dinner there and we all went different seafoods - salmon, crab cakes and mahi-mahi.  First time I had fish and mashed potatoes.  Very good combo strangely.  Service was philadelphia friendly and very well timed.  A good bar vibe behind us (quiet again for business discussions).
Great dessert offerings.
Look forward to going again.My wife and I decided to stop down here the Saturday of Memorial Day weekend for an early dinner.   From start to finish, I was very happy.
We started out with the Blue Hill Bay Mussels, they were large and delicious with the garlic and butter broth.  
The crab cakes are simply amazing.  I am usually not a fan of mango anything, but the mango tartar sauce was a great compliment.  As other reviews have noted, the Yukon Gold mashed potatoes are unbelievable...some of the best I've had.  And the asparagus was delicious as well (despite the inevitable after effects).  
The price really isn't that unreasonable, compared to other places.  Decor was fabulous, and the location on Rittenhouse Square is a bonus.  Recommend!The view of the park was nice. The food was suuuuuper overpriced and not so good. I had clam chowder and a lobster roll. Both left much to be desired.We had brunch at the Devon because Parc was booked. And there was plenty of room at Devon. On first glance, the brunch menu looked promising...but it did not deliver once the food arrived.  We chose the omelet with choice of three fillings, home fried potatoes and berries. The omelet was on the small side and the berries turned out to be just one strawberry. The presentation suffered as the plate did not look very full.  The restaurant has potential to be a nice location for brunch with its beautiful decor, nice views and great service. But the brunch menu needs to be upscaled a bit... How about a mimosa or larger portions?Food was great and the service was amazing.  The variety of fish on their menu online was more extensive than in the actual restaurant menu which is the reason for the 4 stars.  Price was was high but otherwise I would return when in the Philadelphia area.After coming back again a year later, I have to say it was well worth it. We were seated right away, and this time we opted for happy hour instead of dinner. We were greeted by our super friendly waiter Shane who went above and beyond the entire to make our experience for my family a great one. With $7 appetizers and super yummy drinks it was very delicious. We had the pacific rum, and my son had the sliders which came with a side of fries along with a scoop of ice cream for desert. My personal favorite was the Tuna poke and my boyfriend loved their oysters. I will definitely be coming back again and their food was very delicious for happy hour. I'm glad I gave them another chance.Great great great. Wonderful time, service with a flair especially,  our server Shane! He makes you feel like you're his only table. Food out of this world, very fresh. Cooked perfect. Fine dining at its best but still relaxed.Good but nothing special...and overpriced.
We went for a family birthday and both our table in the alcove and our server Katie were great. We had the large chilled seafood platter which was delicious and very fresh - but a bit pricey at $95 for what it contained. 
I had the Clam Chowder (good), Vietnamese Spring Rolls (Good), Grilled Ahi Tuna with Broccoli side and cauliflower side (all Good) and then the Cheese Platter as my dessert. Again, it was good and not anything awesome...
My brother-in-law had the only 'bad' dish of the night, his main dish of San Franciso-style Cioppino was bland and had an off taste. Nothing like a real San Franciso Cioppino at all. 
There were green bits in the broth that we felt were either Tarragon or Marjoram but when we inquired, we were assured that there were no herbs in the broth, just tomato sauce. As four of us at the table are pretty serious foodies and cooks, we certainly can taste (and see) herbs in a thin tomato broth.
The manager then loudly pointed out that they had sold a few other orders and had no complaints. A bit defensive considering were were not complaining, just inquiring. We didn't send it back or ask for anything else. 
We found out when we went to pay the bill, however, that our server had made sure they comped us dessert - nice but not necessary and not what we were looking for at all. 
We asked that the comped amount be given to our server on top of her tip.
For 6 of us, dinner was $450.00 and based on everyone's consensus, it was all good but nothing was great or worth coming back for to Devon.Ugh! I had such a bad restaurant week experience here. Normally, I love Devon, but this was a real let down.
For my three courses, I ordered the lobster bisque, scallops, and chocolate mousse cake. I was initially so excited for my meal. The lobster bisque was tasty, but it had so many fewer chunks of lobster meat compared to when I've ordered it here previously. The scallops came out and were medium size at best. When I order scallops at a seafood restaurant, I expect them to be large sea scallops. They tasted great, but as an entree, they should have been double the size they were. The dish came with a flavorless cheesy risotto that was topped with shredded green apples. Such a terrible combination of flavors. And when I thought it couldn't get any worse, they brought me my chocolate mousse cake. The cake was so dry, and the "mousse" tasted like whipped cream that was dyed brown with food coloring -- no chocolate flavor whatsoever. So disappointed!What makes this place is the atmosphere.  On a beautiful warm day, it's really nice to sit toward the front of the restaurant with the doors open looking out onto Rittenhouse Square. My husband, daughter and I dined there after the afternoon show of Wicked in the Academy of Music. We got there around 5:00 and the place was bustling with people sitting outside enjoying ta fun variety of fancy martinis and seafood dishes. The quality of the seafood is decent. Everything we had, we enjoyed. One tip I loved reading on Yelp prior to making my reservation was that if you check in on Yelp when you arrive, you get a free calamari appetizer. And we did! That was a nice bonus. This is a great place for dinner before or after a show or just to meet for drinks and appetizers.Went for my besties' 30th birthday and our server was Krissy. She was amazing! My friend has been having a tough time in her life which she felt better after sharing experiences. Ofcourse all the food was amazing. My bestie had the crab cakes and I had salmon panzanella. My little god daughter also enjoyed the biscuits and chicken fingers. Thank you for helping to make this day more special!I don't give five stars easily but Devon deserves it. The food is wonderful. I've been there for brunch, lunch, and dinner and I was pleased each time. They make the best omelets I've ever eaten. The linguine and clams was great and so is the lobster mac and cheese. I also ordered the heirloom tomato salad with the basil ice cream and loved every bite. The biscuits are kinda dry and would probably taste better if they were warm. 
The wait staff are very welcoming and provide excellent service. We also spoke to Mark, the Manager about my Mom's birthday brunch which will be held at Devon. He explained all of our options for food and drinks and assured us that we would be happy. I will be a regular at Devon!I had jumbo crab cake. I was expecting two big lumps but they were in my opinion a regular size if you go to a store. They are very tasty, not over seasoned with old bay, all crab meat. It comes with two sides. I pick two orders of grilled asparagus. They were perfectly cooked and crunchy with some chopped tomatoes. You get four spears of asparagus per order. The whole meal cost me $25. I think it's a little bit overpriced for what you get. 
Upon being seated you will get warm cheese peppercorns biscuit with maple butter.  The best seats in the restaurant is by the window overlooking beautiful Rittenhouse Square. 
When you sign up mailing list you can get buy one get one meal on your birthday.I was impressed by the friendly staff, especially given how busy the restaurant was at the time. Our waiter took the time to go over every item my sister had questions on, and made appropriate and informed recommendations as needed. The seafood we ordered was both well-composed and well-prepared. I believe I had the halibut, which was recommended to me as being fishier than the salmon or tuna I usually eat, but not overpowering. It was delicious.Came back for dinner and again would still give this place 4 stars overall. We went during restaurant week, and my boyfriend ordered off that menu. I actually had a coupon for a free entree up to $25 that they sent me for my birthday because I'm on their email list, so we didn't end up paying much for our meal! And we checked in on Yelp to get some free calamari, too!
The food was good. My boyfriend ordered the lobster bisque, filet mignon, and creme brulee. The presentation of the bisque was pretty funny -- they bring you out a bowl that has several chunks of lobster in it and a saucer containing the soup that they pour into the bowl, just to make sure you know that there's real lobster chunks in it. The bisque was very tasty, and I gladly helped my boyfriend finish it. He really liked his steak and veggies (I didn't try it because I don't eat beef). And the creme brulee was delicious. The fresh raspberries on top were a nice touch. My dish was just ok. I don't mean to complain about my free entree, but the fact is if you go for dinner, there are only 2-3 entrees that are $25 that you can use the coupon for. I chose the pretzel covered trout. It was just a little too oily for my liking, and the pretzel coating also made the dish a little too salty. It at least came with asparagus to make it somewhat healthy. Anyway, the serving was huge, and I took home enough food for lunch the next day. Even though my entree wasn't the best, the lobster bisque, calamari, and creme brulee made up for it...I will just make sure to choose another fish next time.
PS: they have great outdoor dining here with a nice view of the Rittenhouse Square Park.Devon Seafood Grill is a fantastic option when you're looking for seafood right near Rittenhouse Square. While most of the menu options were a good choice, the sides and free biscuits are really where I enjoyed my dining experience here.
Atmosphere - On a warm summer night, the option to sit inside or outdoor along Rittenhouse Square was a great option. We decided to dine indoors since it was a bit humid, and were treated to a tile and stone area, with white linen tablecloths. Our view in the dining room provided a look in at the well cleaned and attended kitchen, as well as a view of the large bar area with open windows to the warm night outside.
Waitstaff - A proper dining experience, waitstaff attended our tables with clean, pressed shirts and men with black ties. Our server Tatiana made some great recommendations for food and beverages to try, as well as made sure our dining experience was fantastic by checking in on the table repeatedly for drinks and clearing plates as we finished with our food. For the prices here, the level of service matches the quality and price you pay.
Food - Very good. Diners in my party enjoy a mahi-mahi dish which unfortunately came out with standard preparation (which is more of a medium to medium rare) rather than well done. Important point to note, order how you want your food, otherwise standard preparation is the norm. Also came with an asparagus risotto which was fantastic. I enjoy their crab cake dinner which while very good, crab cakes were a bit on the smaller side. But very full of crab and a light breading. Recommend subbing out the potatoes for the lobster mac and cheese, which was very good and paired better with the crab cakes.
Intangibles - Right off of Rittenhouse Square, competition in this area of town is well known, so Devon's prices are fair, with some great happy hour specials on some appetizers and drinks. Highly recommend checking this place out if you're a fan of oysters, as you can get 'em a buck a piece. Parking can be a bit of a challenge in this area of the city, but a short walk from Sansom St. gives you plenty of options. Outdoor dining while nice can be in a cramped area outside, and depends on your guests comfort level.
Overall - Devon Seafood Grill has a lot of worthy options for a nice dinner. The menu selection, and types of seafood stand out and provide those who are heading downtown for the night a number of different options. Would recommend for the older crowd, but kids under 10 may not be the best place to use your dining dollars.While visiting my hometown Philly for the weekend, my family and I decided to dine at one of our favorite seafood restaurants, Devon.  Unfortunately, my experience was extremely unusual.  I ordered the grilled marlin, expecting a treat that I can't find in Colorado.  But it came out rare and needed a re-fire.  To add insult to injury, my mother's spring rolls had a strand of blonde hair rolled up inside.  Suffice to say, the manager very politely apologized for our lunch experience and compensated us accordingly.  I would normally not mention this event, however, I feel that it's so rare that I just couldn't resist.I'm naming my first child Devon. 
The lobster bisque here is the best I've had anywhere, and comes with plenty of meaty pieces of lobster. 
The tuna tartare includes large chunks of tuna over cucumber and is to die for. 
The crab cakes are now my go-to dish. (The asparagus and mashed potatoes served on the side are nothing to scoff at!) 
For dessert, try the lemon meringue pie. My taste buds cried in pure ecstasy as I ate this. I was too full to even make a dent in my entree, but I made room for this decadent dessert, especially once the waiter said it was his favorite on the menu! 
Devon is my favorite restaurant in Philadelphia, hands down. I've never had bad service here, the atmosphere is casual, and the food is always impeccable.Had dinner here last night for Valentine's Day our first time here. Requested a table by the window weeks ago. And they tried to seat us in the bar area up against a wall with my back to the bar. And there were 2 tables empty at the window. So I asked for another table possibly a booth. The person seating us walked over to near the hostess and yelled the customer did not like the table you gave them and wants a booth. I was so embarrassed, so he yelled back give them table 21. We got to the booth and it had to be the worst table in the restaurant. It was right next to the kitchen entrance and the only large serving station in the room. So throughout our 2 hour dinner dozens of servers went back on forth slammed doors dropped items on the floor. I actually got hit in the ankle by a thankfully empty water picture.
It was like grand central station all night long.
 Our server was excellent and the food was ok to excellent. Before dinner drinks and wine were very good The Biscuits and butter were great. The Vietnamese crab spring roll ok was tasteless, Tuna Tartare was excellent and the best my wife said she ever had. The Lobster bisque was ok barely warm very thin no lobster chunks in it. The Spicy creole gumbo was good but barely warm. Our mail courses both came out cold but the plate was hot. We sent it back and it came back warmer with and apology from the kitchen. How can it be cold with the kitchen 3 feet away? The Hapu fish was very good and the Shellfish Bouillabaisse was good but kind of light on sea food and the pasta was cut up. The Key Lime pie was very good and was on the house. All and all not a pleasant experience. And with one of our favorite restaurants Parc down the street there is no reason to return.Thoroughly enjoyed a late lunch with my wife after a day of shopping. Swordfish was excellent and my wife loved the crab cakes. A nice 9 oz. glass of cab was reasonably priced and very good. Our server, Michael was excellent. don't let me forget the fantastic carrot cake, only complaint, too much for 2 of us.I don't do the review thing but  Unfortunately I lost my appetite before I was able to sip my drink I had chunks of something in my ice cube and the unexpected visitor a roach crawling on my table that I had to kill with my bread plate or have it crawl on me and the 45 minute wait to sit with a reservation . and the only  thing the manager said was we need to work on that and the meal was on the house who wants to eat after that. This place makes good money they should take extra measures to keep this place clean and value the customers because with out them you have no businessAfter walking up and down 18th trying to decide on a restaurant, we went with Devon because they were advertising candy for trick-or-treaters and my uncle can never turn down free food. It was pretty empty when we arrived at 10, but filled up not too long into our meal. 
With a check-in we got a free heaping plate, and I mean heaping, of calamari to start off with. I was seriously almost full just off of that, but my uncle and I make it a habit to splurge on food when we go out together, so of course there was more food to try out. We also got fries, which were shoe string, for an appetizer as well. Not amazing, but not awful. We also ordered the risotto special. I don't do risottos but Devon's was delicious. 
I will start by saying that their mimosa, while delicious, is steep for $11. Or maybe I just haven't paid for a mimosa in a while (usually byob for brunch)...but I just felt that price was a bit much. 
They kept our table full with bread, as we're both bread eaters and will fully take advantage of free portions. However, they also gave us free sweet rolls and cinnamon rolls. They were giving these to every table, which is a real treat. I loved that particular service. 
On to the mains. I am still jealous of my uncle's brunch. I originally came seeking breakfast food while he said he wanted lunch food. Somehow I ordered a burger and he ordered the belgian waffles. Excuse me as I weep for my stupidity.
The bacon and cheese burger I had was bland. I had to request mayo to compensate for the lack of flavors and even then I wasn't at all impressed. I did get the lobster mac & cheese as my side, which was delicious so that at least wasn't a total meal disappointment. However...I took a bite of my uncle's belgian waffles and was in heaven. Seriously- coming for brunch? MAKE SURE to order the belgian waffles. Fluffy, nutella whip cream, fresh tart berries- just everything your taste buds are craving.  
The service was great and the ambiance is fantastic, though I sort of found the tvs playing sports center a bit out of place. All around fantastic.When we went, it was on a very hot and humid day so it wasn't too hard to get a seat outside. Our nice and friendly waitress recommended tuna so that was what I ordered. I believe that freshness of seafood depend on how they are seasoned. If seafood is prepared with too much seasonings, it makes me think the ingredients weren't so fresh that they have to mask the fishy smell. My tuna fillet was very thick, delicately   seasoned and cooked perfectly.  The inside was nice and raw, it melted in my mouth.  My boyfriend ordered pinko crusted shrimp. They were so crunchy (which he loves) and lightly battered and they were not oily at all  like the ones served at most restaurant.  Our waitress seemed very enthusiastic about the food her employer serves.  She delivered what her recommendations were with passion but without obligation. We didn't eat to see the inside since we asked for an outside seating but seemed to be very crowded and vivacious. We recommended this place foe anyone who loves seafood,I love this place and there drinks is all that... I love the crab cakes here you can taste the seaGreat restaurant on every level. 
I came here for lunch the other day. We had seats inside, but right by the open window with a view of rittenhouse park. It was beautiful. 
The server was fantastic. It tough to find great service in the city, but this place has definitely got it down. 
We had the lobster bisque soup which might be one of my favorite soups in the city. My friend had the pretzel crusted trout which has a heartier taste to it. 
And I had the almond crusted tilapia which was a nice light delicious fish. 
This place is pricey, but it is definitely worth it.Visited Devon Seafood for Restaurant Week 2016 for lunch. This place is really nice. It has the classic steakhouse ambiance. We were seated in a wide booth. I decided to go with the lunch menu for restaurant week (with a side of lobster man n cheese) while my partner ordered the crab cakes for his entree. The lobster bisque was great. I also enjoyed the blackened Mahi Mahi. My partner enjoyed his crab cakes, but neither of us were impressed with the lobster mac n cheese. We also ordered the chocolate cake to go, but i can't comment on it since it's still in my fridge. 
Overall, I would return to Devon for dinner and to sit outside and catch the scenery.They receive a 1 because my drink was good & the host staff was very sweet. Other than that my server was very rude & the constant short answers & eye rolling after I told her that my fish wasn't good was enough for me to mention her bad attitude by name. Her name is Sarah. She should serve no one. My fish was soggy & my appetizer was served on toasted WHITE BREAD. No flavor. Just plain. No one ever came to table to even find out what happened with my entree..smh..VERY DISAPPOINTED. Sarah alone made this a place I will NOT return to EVER! Go elsewhere. Service & food def is rated as a 1 out of 5 for me.Management reached out to us so we decided to try them again. We had dinner there last night and got a nice booth in the center of the restaurant and our server was excellent. The Biscuits and butter were great as were the Tuna Tartare and small chilled shellfish platter. We had the Char crusted Ahi Tuna and Fresh fish of the day Meagre from Japan which were warm and very good. The wine was very good as was the dessert Salted Butterscotch Tart. We are happy that we gave this restaurant another chance and we will return.Little pricey for lunch, but the seafood is very fresh and prepared they way seafood should be. Lobster Bisque was thick, rich and nice amount of lobster pieces.
Salmon Panzanella was perfectlly cooked piece of salmon on fresh greens.
Lobster Cobb had an excellent dressing, good amount of chunk lobster, and hard boiled eggs.
Nice atmosphere, very attentive service and good people watching if you get a table by the window. Now that Sansom Street Oyster house was taken over by Doc McGroggins I would say this place is the best around Rittenhouse area for fish.It's quiet disappointing for this caliber of a restaurant. First of all, the table cloth was dirty. It's not ok. Second, we had a fried calamari and there was hardly any in there but bunch of other vegetables, but couldn't figure out what kind cause it was so thin but so thin, it was like eating a fried thread. Then we had a Caesar salad that was ok but not amazing. Then the main course, seafood mixed grill with salmon, mashed potato, grilled asparagus scallops, shrimps and crab cake. ($28) There was only ONE scallop, the thin (!) salmon was tad too overdone and salty, and the potato seem unnecessary. The best thing in this dish was asparagus. Another main course was pretzel crusted trout($19) , better than the mixed seafood, but too much mustard and it was too sweet and overpowering the trout. 
The service was very friendly. I wish the food was better.Lobster cobb was insane (after I added the sweet vinegar dip from the crab spring roll, mind you)...Oysters were delicious and served with the cutest baby Tabasco bottles.  Mussels and biscuits were a bit of a let down.  Definitely going back to get the seafood tower, for sure.  Great summer spot.I decided to make a reservation here when my father came to visit me and claimed he wanted seafood while he was in town. This was a perfect decision indeed! Our waiter was in excellent spirits and very helpful with the menu. We started with sharing a small cheese plate (just enough to whet the palate) and ordered a bottle of Chateau Ste Michelle (Riesling from Washington- very compatible with our dinners)
My father ordered the Macadamia Crusted Opah after our waiter highly recommending it; he was very pleased with the dish (very nice summer dish- includes a light sauce, berries and asparagus). I was impressed with their seperate vegetarian menu (one of the reasons I made the reservation in the first place). I ordered the Balsamic Grilled Vegetable Ravioli and enjoyed it to the last bite. My dad tried a bite and was impressed, too. The combination of flavors was just what I was looking for.
For dessert we ordered the carrot cake (recommended by the waiter) and the orange creme- chocolate tarte (comes with pistachio ice cream). The cake was huge but delicious nonetheless. The tarte was much smaller but tasty, too.
On a side note, I liked the atmosphere. Not so romantic that it was awkward for my dad and I, but it would be date approved. I will definitely go here again!Great food, good wine, could use some bread and oil in the beginning.  Overall, had a great experience.  Got 3 starters and 2 entrees along with a bottle of wine.  Chicken was amazing and char tuna was awesome!I REALLY like this place! They have great food for a great price AND amazing specials! I tend to go there on Sundays because they have 1/2 off bottles of wine under $100. Yes, this includes champagne! A bottle of vueve? I think so! Its a lot of fun in the summer because there is a lot of people watching going on on the patio. This is a definite stop on my Sunday fun days!I heard some good things about Devon's so i figured my husband & I and my parents would give it a try during Restaurant Week.The food was really good. We decided to order the restaurant week menu and also order 4 appetizers off the regular menu to try as well. The lobster bisque was good, however my favorite was the chipoltle grilled shrimp. The pico de gallo and cream sauce mixture was literally to die for. My dad ordered the steamed clams, about 4 of them weren't even opened. As a seafood lover, he was always told when they don't open during steaming then you don't eat them. Needless to say that was 4 of the 10 he didn't get to eat. He was disappointed in them as they lacked flavor.The lobster rolls were amazing as well. For our entrees, my my mother and husband ordered the salmon they loved it! Flavorful and perfect portion size. The mashed potatoes and asparagus were also seasoned to perfection. I enjoyed the crab cakes, they were full of lump crab meat and absolutely no filler! The dessert is what put us over the top. The strawberry shortcake which is apparently made to order is literally amazing. I would go back just to order that dessert. The reason I gave 3 stars is because first, our waitress Tatyanna (spelling?) was HORRIBLE. We sat at our table for about 15 minutes with menus before she came over to even give us water or biscuits. When she did come over, no hello, she just starts filling up our glasses. We waited another 15 minutes before she came back to take our drink order. She was very impatient, disconnected. She rushed around us, and never gave her name. I literally had to ask her what her name was because she failed to ever mention it. We asked her what some of the best items on the menu were as it was our first time there, she replied with it depends what you want. I was annoyed within our first 2 interactions with her. She rushed around us the entire time, and while the restaurant was busy, you still take a moment with your table. She certainly rubbed me the wrong way. She never apologized or recognized her service was lacking. I honestly don't think she cared.  If it were up to me I wouldn't have tipped her, but we tipped graciously for the food and hopefully the kitchen gets dibs on her tip. The kitchen also seemed a bit slow as we waited some abnormal time in between courses. I would have given the rating 4. 5 stars if our waitress( the face of the restaurant) would have been more attentive, connected and appeared as if she enjoyed her position. I may give the restaurant another try because of the food , however service in my eyes is just as important. If I do visit again, I will make sure we are not given a table in her (Tatyanna's) area.Devon was an excellent choice for my boyfriends birthday dinner as we both love seafood. On your birthday you receive an email coupon for a free entree with the purchase of an entree so we wanted to take advantage of this deal. I got the grilled seafood sampler. My favorite part was the non filler crab cakes as I don't eat any gluten which is why I decided on this over the lobster which I was going to get originally. I ordered the brussel sprouts which usually come with bacon. I don't eat bacon and no questions ask they made sure to make the adjustment. The food was so fresh and good I had to make myself stop from eating it all. My boyfriend got the lobster and since we went on a Sunday we got a bottle of wine as they are 1/2 off!!! In the end because we drank the whole bottle we forgot to use the birthday coupon...but it was well worth it. Will definitely return soon. Can't wait.I just had a wonderful meal at Devon's .  The crab cakes with the mango sauce was excellent. The chipotle shrimp was delicious..I went to Devon after putting our name in at Parc, Rouge and Devon on a beautiful sunny Sunday. I expected to wait and was quoted at least an hour at each place, however Devon called me within 15 minutes.  I was seated at a nice big outside table (much larger than other restaurant's outdoor dining).  My thoughts:
1. The scones that they bring out while you wait for your meal are remarkable! The server brought them out on the baking sheet, so fresh, so warm, so delicious!
2. Our waiter was nice and did an alright job, but seemed to be very busy. I will add that he even waited on the dog that was with our party, bringing her some water in a water bowl.
3.  I had the seared tuna salad. The presentation was beautiful and the salad itself was quite good.  The seared tuna was a bit over seasoned and much too salty (and I love salt!). I felt that the seasonings drown out the actual taste of the tuna.
4. The prices were very reasonable for the quality of food, location and service. I think the best part of this restaurant is it's location across from Rittenhouse Park and outdoor seating.I've been here tons of times, usually great service and food, all with views of Rittenhouse square. Today the service was off; I'm actually sure our waitress forgot all about us after she took our order because we didn't see her again and had to leave our table and go to the bar to get drinks, then get our check from the hostess after we finished.  So definitely taking away a star for that situation, but otherwise really like this place and would come back again.We went for restaurant week.  The staff was not very pleasant and we were a little disappointed.
Lobster bisque was tasty but I have certainly had better and never would pay full price.. a few others got salads which were good.  
Crab cakes are absolutely phenomenal.  Also had calamari for an appetizer and it was yummy as well.  Probably some of the best crab cakes I've ever had..  the sides and dessert left much to be desired.  
Overall for restaurant week we had a great night and the restaurant is simply beautiful but if you are going to make a trip here, I wouldn't recommend going during restaurant week!
It was nice to trI'm a little confused as to what the hype of this places all about. My husband and I rarely get out so the fact that we spent our first night out for dinner in over a year here and spent $170 for 2 people is very disappointing. The reason I'm even giving this place 3 stars is our server was great and the place itself was nice and clean. 
We were seated directly next to the kitchen while there were many other tables open. I should have asked to be moved, but didn't (my fault). Needless to say, it was LOUD. All we wanted was a quiet night out and that didn't happen. Especially bc the waiters station was directly over looking our table as well as being next to the kitchen. 
We split the calamari. It was all breaded...have definitely had better. For dinner, my husband and I both had the surf and turf (filet and crab cakes). We both thought the presentation was lacking and we have had better filets and crab cakes. My husband ordered his filet medium and it was bleeding on the inside...he didn't even yum ouch the center of it. Honestly the biscuits and my mushroom risotto was probably the best part of the meal. 
When our bill came I wanted to cry seeing how much we spent and how unimpressed we were. Like I said, I really don't understand the hype. Pretty disappointed because I greatly rely on yelp reviews and this is the first time I was disappointed. So many other places to go in the city for a romantic and nice evening where you won't spend so much.
Nice server...that's it.The restaurant looked clean and smelled nice. The staff were courteous for the short amount of time I was there doing a lunch pickup. I ordered calamari but it came with deep fried carrot sticks and deep fried jalapenos. Which would be fine if they didn't outnumber the actual calamari. I probably found about 12 or 13 in the entire dish, which cost about 13. Id likely go back to Devon, but for the more substantial options and skip the appetizers. If you want just calamari, Id recommend finding yourself an Olive Garden or maybe DaviosFantastic seafood in a gorgeous venue. Nothing not to like here! Definitely pay them a visit if you find yourself in Phili.I'm surprised by the slightly lower rating. We were seated at a lovely window table with a great view of the park. The service was great and every single dish we tried was delicious. I had the butterfish which was great. However, I was most impressed the unique pretzeled trout.I went last nite (freezing) for my nephew's b-day. Just crowed enough to be happy.Seated right away ,roomy. Our waitress was Brooke,I recommend her ,was there when we needed her,no hustle.
Started w/ a great Manhattan,and a Stella,no rush,wasn't driving so I had another.
I had crab cakes,nephew mixed seafood grill BOTH were very good,and better than I had remembered.
I have always liked the atmosphere here,but the wait staff can be sketchy,so we will ask for Brooke next time.
Only CON:: Please  a few more of the micro-muffins would be appreciated.They are excellent ,fresh and tasty,but we had to beg for a refill.
We are definitely fans,enjoy the New Year !!!!!!I was visiting my friend for a last minute day trip. We had prosciutto bruschetta and the crab cakes to start us off. The bruschetta was not very good as it was way too oily. The crab cakes were well made and flavorful. I assume this has something to do with this place being a seafood joint. However, we had one of the worse services and I really hate it because it totally ruined the experience. Thus, I am writing a review and didn't order anything further. I would advice for  timely checking in with your tables and when people politely ask you for the check to go get it and not give demeaning looks. Not going back there again!Tried this place based on a local friend's recommendation and it did not disappoint! Our server did seem to be a little slow, but we weren't in a hurry so it didn't matter. He gave us great recommendations like the mixed seafood grill and the grits, which were actually my favorite part of our meal! 
For dessert, we were told the soufflé would take about 20 to prepare so we ordered ahead of time. It's worth the wait!Happy Hour is awesome. $1 Oysters and tons of other appetizers to choose from. I only sat near the bar which is a typical bar spot, nothing fancy.I was a little disappointed in myself for choosing to dine at a chain restaurant on my first visit to Philadelphia, but my sweetie and I were in the mood for seafood and it was the most convenient option for us. I definitely think we made a good choice. The food was divine. We both ordered the Seafood Mixed Grill which was plenty to satisfy our craving. Being from a Gulf state, it's hard to please my seafood palette, but this place did a decent job.
I also ordered the lobster mac and cheese as a side. Though I don't particularly care for the texture of lobster, it was a great dish. The dessert was also fantastic. We shared chocolate lava cake which was one of the best I've ever had. We also had a great server, so overall, it was a wonderful experience. Though I hope to try an authentically seafood restaurant on my next visit to Philly, I definitely wouldn't mind returning to Devon for another great meal.We love bringing our dogs down here and we sit outside.  Very dog friendly and they will bring out a bowl of water for them! They offer a great half price bottle of wine on Sundays that we enjoy.  They have homemade rolls that are unlike anything you'll find anywhere else. The food is a little pricey for the portions that you receive, but it's always a nice night out and we enjoy the staff. 4 stars only because of the price versus portions.Worst service ever. My date and I ask for a table, the hostess starts to take us to our table (nice table in front) when another couple walks up to our hostess and says they've been waiting for a table.
Our hostess leaves us standing there, walks back to the hostess stand comes back, she seats the interrupting couple and tells us someone else will seat us.  
All of the sudden, we are offered a seat by the kitchen. 
Our hostess never bothers to explain or apologize.
Manager show ups when I ask about the obvious change, he try's to explain but says he doesn't Know if our story is true (as if I have a reason to not be truthful) and offers us another seat facing the wall in the main dining room.
We leave, horrible service not happy. In fact even more unhappy today.
Out of 131 reviews over many years, I've only written 10 one star reviews this service deserved I star or less.Giving Devon Seafood a try sometime in the future... Review forthcomingI ping ponged between 3 and 4 stars. 
The extra star is for a creativity of menu, interesting combinations and decent non seafood items( i always feel bad for people who don't like seafood but want to join their friends) 
Also the fact that i thought i was going to a bar, for a burger or such, so wasn't dressed appropriately for a Rittenhouse Square restaurant. No one from the staff batted an eye, I will remember that at Tip time. 
My entree was nicely plated, and the shaved fennel salad blended perfectly with the lemon risotto. I absolutely think scallops should be served with risotto every time. Here is the issue....There was sand in my scallops, they were to gritty for a seafood place in Philadelphia. i also thought the calamari was dry and over fried, bar food style. 
My friend had shrimp quesadeas and holy yum they were good, get that if you go. 
Despite some rough issues, it was a nice experience. Better than most Center City seafood places. The price for right across from the square is pretty good, which is a definite factor in returning.We came here a couple weeks ago with two other couples. The parking situation in Rittenhouse is a challenge, so we were happy Devons had valet. We were early for our reservation so we grabbed a drink at the bar, which was very large. They have a really good selection of wine and beer here. Once were seated, our waiter came by and told us the specials. He was great with his recommendations and we went with the Calamari, mini New England lobster rolls, and the bruschetta. The calamari was the best of the bunch, but even that was not spectacular. Id say a 6 out of 10. The lobster rolls were mainly bread. There was not a lot of lobster in them. 
For my entrée I had the seafood mixed grill. The scallops and crab cake were excellent. My wife had the  NY strip and crab cake. The steak was cooked just right and of course she enjoyed the crab cake as well. Everyone else was happy with what they had as well. The table split a piece of cake for dessert and it was very average. The bill for each couple was around $150. This included two bottles of wine and a round of Irish coffees. The food overall was very average. Nothing was horrible, but nothing was great. Our server was extremely friendly and accommodating. However he was very slow. There were many times we all had empty water glasses that sat for 15 minutes or more without us seeing him. We also had to wait until he brought the entrees before we could request another bottle of wine and more beer. None of us were in a rush, so it wasn't a problem. We sat down to eat at 8:55 and left the table at 10:45. Things really should have moved much faster.Can't go wrong with any appetizers! Honestly not the best salmon I've ever had but still pretty goodWe've been here a couple times for Sunday brunch.  The food is generally good, but the best part are the complimentary scones.Was here during restaurant week. Very nice established restaurant across the street from Rittenhouse park. Cool tables for two on the sidewalk till weather change I guess. Business crowd at bar during happy hour. Definitely a mixed bag: some gentlemen and some blowhards for sure. 
Had the crabcakes and lobster bisque. Both were excellent. Service at bar and table was also excellent. This place is great for a business dinner or drinks after work.The positives: location can't be beat on Rittenhouse square. The service is pretty good. 
The negatives: the uncontrollable fruit flies. We sat in the back and on two occasions had this problem (a year ago and last night). Last night I pulled two out of my drink and swatted one on the table. I think Gordon Ramsey pointed out it's a sign of an unclean restaurant...
The food is fair at best. My $35 fish entree was tough and probably previously frozen. 
Went with a work group, but won't be back for dinner. Maybe drinks.Excellent food, service, and ambience.  Had the seafood sampler, mushroom risotto, and heirloom tomato with feta and basil ice cream.  It was restaurant week so our server treated us to an amazing strawberry shortcake! Also had a blackberry martini which was worth a repeat encounter!  I would go again in a heartbeat!!Beautiful night at the Rittenhouse Square.  My wife and two friends joined us for dinner at Devon Seafood restaurant.  We asked and were seated at a table on the sidewalk ~ temperature was in the high 70s/low 80s with sunny skies ~ dinner 7:30pm.
For appetizers, we ordered the clams and the calarmari.  Both dishes were excellent and very flavorful.  In addition, they brought these biscuits out with a side of honey butter... yummy.  Could not get any better ~ 5 stars.
Entree - my wife ordered the Blue marlin fish, her friends order the Tuna, and the Mahi Mahi... Per my wife, the blue marlin was a very hard fish to eat.  It looked like fish, but tasted like overcooked pork chop.  It was not her favorite.  The Tuna was cooked well ~ with a slight pink.  The mahi mahi was so so... These 3 fish meals were given a ranking between 2 stars (blue marlin) and 3 stars (tuna and mahi mahi).
As for me, I had the scallops and the short ribs.  They kinda screwed my order up and served only scallops.  Had to wait an extra 20 minutes... during that time, I experimented with everyone's dish...  Once my meal was served, I must admit that it was very good.  Ribs melted in my mouth... very tender.  The scallops were very good as well.  Only issue was that the scallops felt "sandy".. I guess you can say it was fresh... I give my entree a 4 star.
Service - with the exception of messing my order, the overall service was very good.  Kept the water filled and were seated properly.  Management did apologize.  However, it would have been nice if they offer something else.. like a discount.???  Our dinner for 4 ran approximately $200 (plus tip).
Anyways, overall, based on the atmosphere, my meal, the price, and service, I give this a very high 3 star or low 4 star... 
Cheers and enjoy.We literally stumbled into this place last Thursday night knowing we loved the area. Guy was our server and he was fantastic. We had our 2 kids with us and he made them feel like they were his best customers. He was a true professional, and delivered some of the best service we have had in the city. The duck flatbread and the grilled artichoke side dish were phenomenall. The desserts were sublime. I look forward to returning soon!!Came here for lunch and was happy with the meal.  I got the seared rare tuna salad with a lemon yogurt dressing.  the presentation was beautiful - it almost looked too good to eat (almost!).  :)   The salad was light, which was exactly what I wanted and the tuna was fresh.This place seemed ok...decided to treat myself to a birthday dinner...worst mistake ever...hostess was racist in my opinion but the server Michelle was great...food was ok definitely not worth the $33 dollar price tag..save your money and go elsewhere...I would have done better going to 
McCormick and Schmidt's ...I won't be back!Front staff need to learn manners. They were such JERKS to my husband. Please spend your hard-earned money at an establishment that treats potential customers with respect and courtesy.The food was amazing. The seafood was very fresh and the service was great. The only unfortunate part was a party of women sat near us and got plastered. They made the place louder than it already was. If you are a couple on a date - try to get a table away from any large tables that could potentially host screaming drunk women.Food. A +. Service. Horrible. Sat for 5 mins or so before getting recognized. But it was busy. Hesitated on my order, bartender walked away. Finally got a beer. Took another 10 mins to get a menu. Oysters and lobster rolls were tasty. Not happy my half full beer was discarded with plates however. They did give me a fresh miller lite however!!! Ordered a bowl of chowder and Caesar salad. Chowder was good. Salad never came. Sorry if I am not a regular guys, but my money is pretty damn green! Never ever ever coming back. Alone or with clients.Three and a half stars
The ambience at Devon's is very nice. Unfortunately, we found the food to be quite pedestrian. We ordered the chicken with penne and scallops with short ribs. Our waiter, while friendly and polite, proved fairly forgetful to the extent that we were required to procure our own Sweet & Low supply. The prices are steep as to be expected.My friend and I came here for restaurant week. It was our first time here but we were impressed by the decor and atmosphere. We both ordered the lobster bisque, mahi mahi and chocolate mousse. The food was delicious and well worth a visit. 
our dining experience was great up until it was time for pay for our food. My friend and I was trying to decide on how to pay for the food, and we decided it would be best to write down the last 4 digits of our payment method and the amount we owe. However, when I was trying to explain to the waitress, she cut me off and just left. Instead, she came back with 2 separate checks. We were unimpressed by how she treated us in the end, which did leave a bad impression. 
I completed the survey online, explaining my experience at the restaurant. The next day, the manager called me and wanted to know what went wrong. She was very apologetic and understanding.
overall, the dining experience was good, and I will be sure to be back.We have always been loyal and happy customers of Devon Seafood but no longer.  We are hearing this from many other previously loyal customers, same complaints and disappointments!  Ever since Devon changed the recipe of their famous rolls, other menu items and quality of service went down hill.   I had the Lobster tails on my last visit...they went back three times.  When an edible tail finally was served, I couldn't finish it - that is how bad the taste was.  My friends took their father and stepmother for a celebratory dinner - this was always her father's go-to restaurant in town.  They were served a sword fish steak only it was white and flaky, definitely not a steak, more like flounder.  The waiter argued about this and they finally gave in and left.  
We used to go to Devon at least twice each month.  Now we have no interest in returning.  So sad.Service was great and so was the food. I loved the oysters and the bread! The service was great and was so accommodating to the kids too.My coworkers and I went during Restaurant Week and we are so glad we did.  Normally the prices are a bit pricy but that's for a reason.  The quality is excellent.  The first course was a lobster bisque and it was by far the best I've had. The main course was flank steak and I can honestly say it's quality matched that of filet.  The mashed potatoes and asparagus were a nice pairing alongside.  Desert course was my chocolate red velvet cake.  The serving given was massive and I couldn't finish it all.  It was fair to say that just because they were offering this during restaurant week, they certainly did not skimp on the portions,I would rate Devon's three and a half stars.
We started with mini lobster rolls, shrimp tacos, shrimp cocktail, smoked salmon carpaccio, and six raw oysters from cape cod. My favorite appetizer was the raw oysters. 
For the main course, I shared the filet mignon with my girlfriend. The steak was tender and cooked as requested, but it overly salted. I tasted my father's ribeye which was juicy and perfectly cooked as well, yet it was overly salted too. I thought the lobster Mac n cheese side was great. I would highly recommend that as a side dish.
Our table shared a few desserts. I thought the carrot cake was the best of the bunch.I couldn't complain if I tried.  My wife and I went with two family members.  Everything from the appetizers to the dessert was wonderful.  Good crowd, too.  Really enjoyed this place and would go again anytime.This is my 3rd time dining at this restaurant and tonight did it in for me. I order the special, halibut, black rice risotto and asparagus. It was terrible, nothing had any favor for the exception of the asparagus, which tasted like kerosene. I guess they ran out of olive oil. This place is not worth the money.It could have been that I attended the restaurant towards the end of the evening, i sat at 9pm, but the food was subpar. Our waitress was amazing and was very attentive. Refilled waters. Checked on us. 
I had the Caesar salad and it had a bitter taste. The croutons were the best part. The lettuce was bitter and I couldn't even finish. The lobster bisque was a little thin and maybe oyster crackers would have been a good accompaniment to thicken it up. 
Did get a free calamari for a yelp check in but it was cold as if it was waiting for us before we even got there lol. Whole appetizers came out quickly, i can't say the same about entrees. The kitchen messed up and our food was given to someone else so it took over 30 minutes, maybe closer to 45 before our entrees came out. Crab cakes were lump crab but nothing special in flavor. The waitress made up for it and brought us the chocolate cake. 
Again; maybe it was the end of the night but there were definitely still a lot of people dining so not sure what happened here.Mellie & Rita were wonderful(they were five stars) BUT our waiter Matt B,  NO, he was rude, kept putting his hand in the food pointing, didn't really check is. I had to send my food back 3 times & the mac&cheese lobster was old really old; I had to fill up on 3 desserts. The forth dessert was sorbet which was also not frozen & slimy but Matt B did not seem to care. His service was terrible & just a horrible experience. I will NEVER come here again. I tipped over the 22%because Rita tried to help but Matt B was just RUDE; where is it okay to put your finger in the guest plate? I told Mellie who was very sweet about things after the fact. The food was cold & old no a good look at all, next time we will go to 13 Cafe on Market which has better service & good. 
Table64 Cover 5.0 Party 6 Date June 30,2016 Time 6:10pm
Tab$259.81
Tip$60(Cash)
Waiter Matt BWhat an awesome surprise. Welcoming feel to the place. Food was delish and Matt was one of the best servers EVER. Very personable and attentive. I asked for his recommendations and the two dishes he recommended were the lobster bisque and the trout. Both were equally divine. The biscuits were also scrumptious. Definitely will return.This place is awesome. Very high class and very highly oriented. I went there with my two friends and what I wore was a polo shirt and shorts. Wasn't really planning on eating at such fancy restaurant but I was hungry while I was on the area so I thought I'll try something new. So I went in, no one judged us of what we wore. I thought, considering how the neighborhood is. Especially in the middle of Rittenhouse Square, I would expect the customers to wear a suit or something formal to eat in such restaurant.
Anyway, the seafood was fresh. The crabcake and the lobster were my most favorite. The waiters are well trained. Considering of how they explained every single thing happened that day. The specials, the menu today, and descriptions of the food that we ordered.
This place is the place that i would go to everyday when I'm really rich. Considering the price, you know...What a great night we had celebrating my sister-in-law's birthday!  We had a reservation, however most of our party didn't show up on time. Since it was restaurant week, I wasn't sure if we would be rushed for their delay. Instead we were told by several on the staff that we were here and to enjoy the night with a worry. Never did we feel rushed. 
Our server Brooke was extremely friendly and in great spirits. The food service was a little slower than some places; however we felt that it was on purpose to let us enjoy each course. And we did. Everything I tasted was very well made - crab cakes, scallops, tuna, salmon. For desserts we had creme brûlée and carrot cake which was very good.
I would definitely recommend this place for a celebration, as they helped join in. Thank you!!Fail. We were so excited to come here to celebrate my brother-in-law's graduation. The food was subpar. I wish I would have taken a picture of my vegetarian meal.  I was shocked at the lack of creativity literally tomato,  spinach and carrots slapped on the plate.  Yes, it was Mother's Day, but no one thought to clean the floors after the patrons?We went to Devon's in search of the best 5 star crab cakes one fall afternoon for an early dinner.  The menu looked very delicious and everything was tasty.  We sat right inside the open windows overlooking the park across the street.  This was definitely in the top five most romantic dinners we have had in Philadelphia.Inconsistent is the best I can say about it. The brie, endive and pistachio salad was disappointing, loaded with some kind of stemmy greens. The pretzel-crusted trout was good but the vegetables were dripping in a unnecessary slurpy sauce. (I declined the potatoes - maybe they soak up the sauce.) Last month at a dinner there the crab cakes were delicious - totally crabby - but the caesar salad had so much black pepper that I couldnt eat it. The key lime pie was limey but too heavily creamy. The biscuits are the best part of the meal. I go there occasionally with some friends who either like the place or get discount coupons.Me and my friend visited for dinner over the weekend. We had a great time and our waiter provided great service. We got tuna poke, calamari, and shrimp tacos for appetizer. As for dinner we, swordfish and Maple salmon. Of the apps, I loved the tacos, they were filling as well. The sauce for the calamari was great as well. The swordfish was salted a bit too much for both of us. We had to scarp off some of the salt off. In all both fish were cooked to our liking and will return.My wife and I were in from out of town, and we went to Devon's at the suggestion of our hotel concierge.  Wow, what an experience!  The food was fantastic (what the heck do they put in those biscuits?!), and our server (Jason) was truly amazing!  I had the Groper (yes, Groper, not grouper) at his suggestion, and it was awesome.  My wife's food was great as well.  Jason asked if this was our first time there (obviously it was), and he told us he would make sure we had a great experience, and he truly delivered.  We will go back every time we are in Philly from now on!My friend and I were in Philly and the restaurant we originally had in mind didn't work out (a sushi place that didn't serve sushi on Sundays- instead a $20 brunch buffet that 99% pastries. no thanks). So we gave this place a try! We had a great time. My friend had some great waffles and I had the shrimp tacos (REALLY good!). Plus we took advantage of the free calamari offer and it was super good. The calamari was solid but the sauce really made it! Sent my mom a picture of our food and now she wants to come here next time we're in the Philly lol.Great dinner! Good service and the food speaks for itself. Although a bit pricey, it was worth it for the caliber of meal I received.I came here for happy hour and everything I received was up to my expectations. I ordered 15 oysters, lobster rolls, sliders, and tuna tartare. I probably could have went without the tartare and I don't care for the fries that came with the sliders or lobster roll. I did enjoy my oysters, sliders and lobster roll, though the bread for the roll was much too greasy. There was complimentary bread pastry which was flavorful but "heavy" feeling.I love the clam chowder and gumbo, the crab spring rolls are amazing and so is the calamari. The servers are very attentive.I have dined here on numerous occasions. The food was great. We had multiple negative encounters with the waiter , dropped food , plates and utensils.Nice place, went there for lunch a while ago sat outside. It was pleasant but not as much with everybody walking by the Rittenhouse Park. Got the fried Calamari which were good along with the sauces but nothing special. Would go back but only for the amazing Sangria.I used to love this place when u first moved to Philly. I feel the quality has gone down, the portions have become smaller while prices have increased. The seafood is fresh and the service is always good. Not the best seafood in the city and not the worst. This is a good place to entertain clients and charge it to your expense account.I am in Philadelphia for work and was strolling around to find dinner; I knew I wanted to be in the Rittenhouse Square area, but didn't have anything in mind. The restaurant looked inviting and had a view of the square, so I decided to try it out! I was dining alone, so it was very nice that the hostess offered to seat me at a table in the bar area overlooking the park. My server (I believe his name was Jas) was outstanding; very attentive without pestering too much and was all around very kind. The food was perfect - I had the crab cakes with asparagus and lobster Mac. All of it tasted wonderful and was seasoned exactly right. The crab cakes were probably the best I've ever had. I would definitely recommend to anyone in need of a meal in Philly; you can expand the night as long as you want with multiple courses or did as I did and just enjoy an entree with a nice view and great service. I'll make sure to come here again on my next visit to Philadelphia!!I found  the bartenders to be rude and slow.  Not in any hurry to attend to the customers. After being seated outside, I found the service to be even slower.  And when the orders came they were wrong. 
Go to either Parc or Rouge, you'll be happier.We were seated in the downstairs dining room and while we were reading our menus, a cockroach jumped onto our table from the lighted crown molding and scurried across.  The server seemed not surprised and the manager came across as young and inexperienced.  He kept saying "we pay a lot of money to make sure this doesn't happen"...meanwhile, there was another under the extra chair that I pointed out.  Why we stayed for dinner beats me.  The second server was a gem though!  Very helpful and apologetic through all the remaining issues:
-oysters were intro'd as the wrong ones, then we were told "oh yeah that's right they are the ones you ordered"...doubt it
-lobster bisque was forgotten about during appetizers
-two steaks were brought out undercooked, the second time the manager even said he wasn't clear "what medium well looked like"
The comp'd our meal, however I will never be back.  I expected WAY better from this place and it was an all around disappointment complete with bugs. : (Excellent seafood, well sourced, and nicely (and simply) prepared.
Plus, they know how to make a proper martini!Happy Hour menu here is great!
Great selection of reduced price apps and drinks.
The tuna tartare is my go-to and the portion size is great.
The Moscow mule is great here as well.
Stick to happy hour to get your moneys worthIf you like to drink in a place with dark wood and pictures of ships and sea creatures on the wall, Devon is for you. The only flaw with the otherwise excellent food is that it is over-salted.Anything on Rittenhouse square is going to be hype, and as a result there is quite an expectation to the detriment of the restaurants.  Devon was a good experience of course thanks to the quality of its food but the service around it is way too much and does not necessarily contribute positively to the overall experience.  Don't get me wrong service was very good, but at times I was thinking: OTT!  Anyway, the tuna tartare was a bliss, but the crab cakes were a miss...not enough carbohydrates in those cakes.  As for the dessert, disappointing, it does not live up to the rest.  I would probably go back but stick to what many people recommend, dinner at the bar!  A fish starter with a wine of Sancerre, and off we go!Great for eating outside right next to the park.  The portions are very generous.  While the fish was well prepared, I have to admit I was a bit bored with the types of preparation.  I kind of thought it would be a little more creative for the price.  We also didn't get any of their famed biscuits!! Extra star for a nice wine list.The Scallops Were the Only Redeeming Thing About This Place
I went to Devon's last night for the first time.  The restaurant itself reminded me of a glorified Red Lobster with the fish on the wall, lobster tank, carpeted floor & cross-stitch looking booths.  The tables were also covered with a white paper-napkin like table cover!  Luckily the food was much better than Red Lobster, & the small details, such as the ceiling tiles, iron-work decorations & leather chairs made me feel better about ordering a $30 entree.  
The acoustics where we sat were awkward.  We could hear the music from the speakers & we could certainly hear each other, but the strange thing was, that we could also hear the table across the room as crystal clear as if they were sitting right at our table with us!  I am not sure if the domed, tile ceiling had anything to do with this, but it was disconcerting.  I jumped more than once, thinking someone was right next to/behind me, when I realized it was just a girl at the table across the room.  I was also afraid that if I could hear them this well, that they could also hear us.  The restrooms were not classy at all.  There was a ship on the wall & a wide marble sink, but the restroom was bare-boned, poorly lit, a little grimy & had the type of floor I'd expect to see in a McDonald's...the type you can just hose down & all the water goes down a drain in the center.  There was also only one men's room & one women's room on the first level.  I did not climb the steep staircase to check out the other restrooms they said they had available.  
The server was very friendly & attentive.  She asked if it was our first time there & gave us the specials that evening such as 1/2 of wine bottles & a Restaurant Week menu.  After perusing the regular menu & the RW menu, we decided to order off of the RW menu so we could try multiple items at a reduced rate & hopefully get a better idea of what Devon's had to offer.  We ended up trying the baby greens salad & lobster bisque to start.  The luke-warm bisque was a nice color & texture & had quite a kick, which I liked, but there was some spice that was a little overwhelming & detracted from the other flavors meshing properly.  I also think it would've been better if there were a few chunks of lobster in the soup.  The salad was nothing special & I had to add quite a bit of salt & pepper to give it some flavor.  I wouldn't order either starter again, nor would I waste time on the biscuits, which were again, nothing special, although the sweet butter was a nice touch.  
For the main course we both chose the scallops with mushroom risotto & shaved fennel salad.  This plate had a nice presentation & was swirled with drizzled basil olive oil & balsamic glaze.  The scallops were cooked perfectly, except for one burnt one, which they cleverly turned upside down & hid in the back.  The risotto was cooked well with a nice texture, but lacked the delicious flavor of white wine!  I was extremely disappointed that they didn't taste this, or just didn't want to spare the extra white wine for RW customers.  Our dishes also came out so fast that there's no way they prepped the risotto at the time the order was placed.  The shaved fennel salad was a perfect & clever combination for the scallops, risotto & sauce drizzles.  Mixed together, the taste was delicious.  This was definitely something I would order again if the price was closer to $24 than the menu price of $28.  
Dessert was a disaster!  We ordered a orange chocolate tart with orange ganache & pistachio ice cream & a creme brulee trio of vanilla, chocolate & orange flavors in espresso shot cups.  I would never order dessert here again, they were terrible, although my boyfriend scarfed them down when I said I wouldn't eat anymore.  The orange chocolate tart reminded me of the flavor of a Cadbury creme egg with a slight orange flavoring.  The brownie & the shortbread cookie served with the creme brulee were dry & crumbly, although the brownie had a rich chocolate flavor which was decent.  Two of the three creme brulees passed my "tock-tock test," which I learned from a chef in London.  Tap your spoon on top of the creme brulee & listen for a "tock-tock" sound to see if it was caramelized properly & is crisp.  The chocolate was the one that failed.  Unfortunately there was absolutely not a single fleck of vanilla bean in the creme brulee & it was very dense.  The only part of the dessert that I enjoyed was the pistachio ice cream, which was a very unique flavor!  Again, I would never order dessert here again.  
If it were my decision, I wouldn't go back to Devon's.  Since my boyfriend is a bit more forgiving, we ended up signing up for their members Email program & may go back again with a coupon.  I would not want to go back & pay full price for what I received, but since the seafood was cooked nearly perfectly, I'd try it again with a coupon & probably try the seafood mixed grill.Waitress serving food with her fingers in the plate. A disappointing experience this time. Bartender provided the check when it was not asked for and I could finish my split bottle of champagne. Nonetheless, this experience will not keep me from returning.A friend in hospitality told me about how Restaurant Week is about "selling the house". The menu is truncated or not even regular dishes, but guests should be getting a sneak preview of the service of the restaurant while enjoying the dinner deals. Devon is a Philly staple, but all they sold to me was the house.  Let's get the food out of the way. The steak I ordered (I know....seafood spot) was under seasoned and over cooked. Asparagus was fine but I make better at home. Lobster (or was it crab) bisque was passable but again, better exists out there. My guest loved their crab cake plate so that's a plus. Also a plus was the oysters and house minuet but that's a function of what's caught and the market, right? The shortcake dessert was plain embarrassing. Stale bread with what I imagine was Smuckers preserves drizzled on top wasn't worth a third bite. I don't know if I even thought to take a picture it was so bland and simple. Now, the House? The House was on point. Friendly hostesses, a chatty and fun bartender who served me coffee while I waited, and a server who was knowledgeable and skilled all let me know that a full priced meal might be my best bet to seeing Devon's true potential. I've done solo and couple's dinners at Devon, but this Restaurant Week, the kitchen dropped the ball. I look forward to returning to my full price ways and having a dinner worth savoring. It doesn't happen often, but kudos to Devon for having African-American front of house staff. A quick way to lose my business is to see a back of house full of black and brown people and then the servers and bartenders are all white. This lets me know that on some level, everyone's employment is valued at Devon and that's important to me even if it seems superficial.We came here for valentines day and had a great time! I started with the blackberry, prosecco martini and it was super yummy and light (i highly recommend). For starters i got the lobster bisque, which was by far the best lobster bisque I've ever had. For entree  i got the new zealand butterfish, asparagus and mashed potato. It was my first time eating " Butterfish" and it was awesome! Really good fish. The sides were great as well. The asparagus had a light topping of tomato and herb which tasted great and the potatoes were really tasty as well. My partner got the steak, lobster and lobster mac. Neither of us really liked the lobster mac. But all in all, great meal  service was also great! Our waiter looked exactly  like john krazinski in Benghazi.I enjoy dining at Devon Rittenhouse. The food is always very good and the service is great! The menu has a large selection of surf and some turf (I'm not a beef eater, unless it's gin). I love sitting at a window table during their off peak hours, especially when the weather is nice. I highly recommend this restaurant.Great service, great food. I had the Jumbo Lump Crab Melt with slaw and fries. The fries were nice and crisp with seasoning. This is exactly how I love my fries. I love the Rittenhouse Square location, although it's never fun trying to park in Center City. Luckily I used to live in the area, so it wasn't so painful. I only wish we had gotten the biscuits since the other reviews rave about how awesome they are.
I would love to come back and try more of their food. Highly recommended.We live in the city.  Love to come by Devon or Parc for a meal or a cocktail.  Went to Devon tonight and "splurged" on Seafood cocktail for two ($59).  The seafood was subpar in that the lobster definitely tasted like it had been defrosted and was tough and dry.  The crab claws had no taste.  Worse, the lemons provided were dried out and old.  We mentioned all this to the waitress  who apparently could have cared less.  No sign of manager or sign of understanding through the bill. The couple next to us were British.  No doubt they overheard our comments to each other over the food.  I guess the restaurant thinks they have such a following they can ignore people with discerning tastes.  That should (but may not) lead to a serious look at food and service.Consistently my favorite Philly Rest. Great service, Great happy hour, Great fresh seafood.  I love the grilled artichokes and the apple / celery root slaw. Great chef.I really wanted to like Devon Seafood. I mean, the reviews are generally solid, and if you're going to do seafood on Christmas Eve, you do it at a seafood grill! Am I right, here?
I don't think I'm right. My family and I came Christmas Eve for dinner. The decor and vibe is nice... but nice if it was like 15 years ago. It felt decidedly dated, and if you hold it up against some of the new players in town, yikes. No contest.
That aside (and really, really overzealous waiter - eek), I was ready to be wowed by fantastically prepared, however overpriced seafood. We all got something different so we could pass around, but nobody seemed terribly impressed. My crab cake was fine - I've actually had better - but my vegetables (asparagus and potatoes) were lackluster at best. Don't cast a movie star and stick shitty actresses next to her thinking she'll cover them up. She won't. The same general feeling of ennui was met with each bite of grilled salmon, broiled clams, and lobster tail. I mean, there was a cacophony of this lovely holiday song.
"Hey, how's your (insert food here)?"
".... *swallow*... It's good. Yeah, um. No... it's good."
My family is not made up of picky eaters who only want the best. We're regular hardworkin' folks who were raised believing dinner at the Tiffany Diner with half the Jews in Philadelphia is as good as it gets. But.. it was Christmas Eve, and the bill was as fat as Santa Claus. For all that, I think we should have gotten a far more special and tasty experience.  I'm saving my dollar bills for a restaurant whose hey-day might fall within this decade.If you ever in the mood for lobster during happy hour, this is the place to go.  They have special deal for live lobster from Mon - Thurs at $12.99. The lobster weighted about 1 1/4 to 1 1/2 lbs. It's definitely good and fresh. The butter with juicy meat melted right in your mouth. I love how they serve the whole lobster and just not the tail. This is a plus for me because I enjoy eating the head and all the mustard in it. I make sure to clean out my lobster real well...lol:)
I also have some oysters here, priced at $.75 each on the half shell. The oysters was just OK - I thought it was kinda small but it was fresh, no fishy smell. I think Oyster House is still much better for a quarter more. As for the booz, I have a white house wine priced at $5 and it's just okay - nothing to brag about. 
Overall, my experience here was good. I enjoy the atmosphere. It's seem to be very high class and very highly oriented. The bartender was attentive. In the summer, they have seat outside that you can sit. I do wish to come back here for dinner as I heard so many good things about their dinner entrees.Fantastic food and atmosphere!  Went here with the wife on our anniversary and it was very memorable. Couldn't pass up on the free calamari with the yelp check in (ended up being excellent) and my wife had the lobster tail with risotto & I had one of their specials of the day which revolved around scallops with an assortment of things and intent flavored I can't seem to remember since I'm a few glasses of wine in already. Waiter was super attentive as well; I don't recall my glass ever being even half full. Pricey, but worth it honestly!One of the worst experiences ever!  I am sorry to say, even though I have dined here before in 3 other occasions. I decided to celebrate my wife's birthday here with some friends who had never eaten here before, I told them the food and service was good, well big mistake, first off when we arrived they tried to seat us in the outside even thought the temperature outside was about 65 degrees, i told them if i could get seated inside and the hostess with an attitude claimed that I had requested outside seating in my reservations when i know i did not, then they took us to a small booth which for 6 people was going to be cramped and the hostess again with an attitude said that was all they had, I had to request for a manager , then the hostess came back and sat us in a bigger booth, when the time came to order we ordered the smoked salmon flatbread, and the calamari, the smoked flatbread was very salty it was good however very salty for my preference the calamari was good however very little calamari and a lot of shoe string carrots, more carrots than calamari, after that we ordered the main course i ordered the 18 oz bone in ribeye and my wife ordered the swordfish,  the swordfish has got to be the thinnest swordfish filet that i have ever seen  and its surprising since the last time i ordered the swordfish here the portion was thick, this one was about an inch thick and tasted very fishy unlike any other swordfish i have tried, my steak, at least the sections of it that actually had meat tasted good, the rest of it I left it because it was all fat, and the waiter well he looked as if he was in a hurry to get rid of us, no comped dessert for my wife's birthday and no one to even say or sing happy birthday to her. An extremely bad experience all around never coming back here again.  $191.00 bill for bad service and bad food.Wir haben in diesem Restaurant einen netten Abend verbracht. Der Service war sehr nett und zügig. Das "zügig" kann man auch als einzigen negativen Punkt sehen, da die Gänge doch schnell serviert wurden. Das Essen war aber sehr lecker und auch die Atmosphäre des Restaurants war angenehm, wenn auch manchmal zu laut. Wir hatten einen schönen AbendVisiting Philly on business- searched out seafood and made this wonderful find-lovely location- seated right away with our reservation- fun, boisterous atmosphere- reminded me of many of my restaurants in NYC! Chad was a great server- knowledgable of menu and fish items and awesome mustache! Will return and would recommend for Philly locals and visitors alike!Devon has been one of my favorite restaurants since my first visit when graduating high school. I'm going to go ahead and not say how long ago that was. I've been here for countless lunches, dinners, and restaurant weeks. 
I came for restaurant week the other night. Ordered the lobster bisque, crab cakes, and chocolate cake. We even got a free calamari app for checking in on yelp! I love their crab cakes because theres like barely any filler.
Our service was awesome. My two girlfriends and I were loving our waiter. He was cracking jokes left and right. We also happened to be there 30 minutes before happy hour which he was nice enough to tell us, so obviously we ordered some martinis. They were $6 and well worth the price. 
In case you haven't been here before, its perfect for any type of dining experience you're seeking. The back downstairs is definitely more classy, perfect for an upscale date. Whereas the front is more casual and in the spring/summer they open the front windows which overlook the park.Terrible service. Had the lobster cobb and in addition to overcooked lobster and over dressed salad, they left 1/4 of the avacado peel on the plate. The manager offered no apology. She brought me a few more slices of avacado to replace the few rotten pieces on the plate but by then my appetite was ruined. Wait staff was slow and the other parts of the meal my 10 year old could have made better (cauliflower side and linguini and clams) not worth the price. Just awfulDevon is a great restaurant with a cozy outdoor area and a view of the Rittenhouse square park across. Their meal was finger licking good and their cocktails tasted amazing. I rated them a 3.5 because of the service I received when I went there. It wasn't a very welcoming place as I felt that I wasn't valued as a customer. I had to ask for certain things myself like the free biscuits as I was not offered but those around me were which I felt was iffy. Also, my server was rude to me and my sisters on our way out because we split the bill and didn't tip her 20% on each check. She caused a scene (raising her voice and slamming the check book) when she realized this. She also refused to complete her service of bringing the to-go meal we ordered. I just felt she let her feeling get the best of her and that's wrong for a customer service representative.I highly recommend Devon Seafood Grill. I have been twice this week and during those two visits we had starters, main course and dessert selections. The food is very fresh and well prepared. There were six of us the first evening and two a few nights later. Everyone enjoyed their meals. I particularly enjoyed the bouillabaisee served full of various fish and garlic bread to dunk into the wonderful saffron flavored sauce. We also enjoyed the apple crostata dessert. Shane B who was our server was outstanding- very helpful when describing the various fresh fish options available that evening, very friendly and great customer service.I thoroughly enjoyed my dinner here. I had reservations and was seated immediately. Our drinks were great; the food superb. Enjoyed the crab cake with very minimal filler...almost nonexistent. Lobster mac was delish. My fish...ahhhh! Did I mention Al Jarreau was having dinner at the next booth over?Devon's is SPECTACULAR! Food was great and Service was Awesome! We were walking by last Saturday, deciding where to eat. We were going to go to Parc, but decided to Try Devon's. 
One of their Server's,Dennis (Kabea was the name on the check) who was standing outside came up to us and said, that they had the best Crabcakes on the Block and if were were looking for an awesome place to eat then Devon was the place to be! We thought that was hilarious and decided to sit outside.
We listened to his recommendations and went with the Calamari appetizer, Crabcakes entree, and 2 drinks specials it was kinda on the cheap side, but we just wanted something lite and enjoy the scenery! Scones were great! They should open up a bakery!
Dennis's didn't seem to mind that we were there for a while, just to let him know when we wanted something and he would be available! GREAT SERVICE!
I signed up just to let you guys know that you're doing a great job and to keep it up!
Food was great, service was great, will come again!  And the Crabcakes were the best on the block, thanks Dennis! (or Kabia lol)I'm a Happy Hour traveler. I read an article about Devon's being one of the best in town if you like seafood and $1 oysters which I'm always a fan of. Got there at the start with my bf and we got seated. The ambiance was nice and our seats boasted a great view of Rittenhouse square; Very comfortable interior with an upscale feel. 
The Service:
The Hostess was accommodating, sitting at the bar didn't seem to be a requirement to enjoy happy hour. Our waitress was very neutral though, didn't crack a smile or hardly any eye contact at all, but our order was brought out quickly. 
The Food:
They served warm biscuits with a really interestingly flavored butter; it was a bit sweet for my liking but not bad at all.We got the oysters, small but still nicely presented, there was one which was a little too mucky, but they replaced it for me. The lobster claws were a little bland,leaving left the taste of ice water on my taste buds. (However, I'm not the biggest fan of lobster anyway.) Lastly, for food we got fries which were nicely seasoned but super skinny. I'm the type of fry eater who likes to taste the potato in it, so that wasn't extraordinary. Still there the menu was nice for a happy hour and I still want to try more,
The Drinks:
The martini's and cocktails were half priced so we ordered the Strawberry Basil Mojito and the Asian Pear. They both were very good; my personal favorite was the asian pear being a sake lover and the hibiscus really lent a sweet flowery taste that I'd go back for.
All in all I can see myself going back to Devon's again. It was nice experience overall.Went by here for lunch while visiting a friend in Philly and found the seafood to be standard, fresh fare.  Reasonably priced with a wide variety of choices.  The grilled salmon salad tasted fresh and light, and enjoyed the lemon risotto accompaniment for the grilled fish dishes.Had a good time. Felt rushed because of restaurant week. It could have been better for a romantic occasion. The food was fairly good but had too my hype surrounding it. Waiter kept feeding us drinks after we told him we were going to save the bottle. Didn't like that waiters were like hawks watching over us.My husband and I had dinner here last night, for the first time, and we don't have one single complaint. Our reservation was for 7:45, and we arrived a few minutes early, and were seated right away. It wasn't awfully crowded but it wasn't dead either. Our waiter was very pleasant, informative and attentive. We started out with appetizers - I had the Vietnamese crab spring rolls and my husband had the chipotle grilled shrimp. Two thumbs up to both! The crab was super fresh and the shrimp were grilled to perfection. For our entrees, I had the filet mignon, medium well, with the whipped potatoes and brussel sprouts. OMG! The steak was PERFECT and I absolutely loved the potatoes! My hubby had the seafood mixed grill. I was a little jealous because it looked phenomenal! - scallops, grilled shrimp, a crab cake and salmon. He chose the whipped potatoes and the crab mac and cheese for his sides. He LOVED it all, and he's picky when it comes to food lol. We skipped dessert because we were full and satisfied by the time we finished. Oh! Can't forget about my nice glass of Sauvignon Blanc! Overall, as you can see, it was a wonderful dining experience! I'll definitely be going back soon - next time with the ladies!I had a trying few days at work; and I come here not super regularly; but when I walked in the bartenders remembered my name, and it made me feel really good. I have worked in hospitality for 17-years, and that is literally what it's all about. Class act staff. The food is really nice too!I had crab cakes(there was NO filler in them), my friend had salmon. The food was perfect and the wine was wine. Prices didn't bother me, very worth it. 
I'm not a snobby person, and I'm a broke college student (this kind of info is helpful when reading someone's opinion)  
Ps: our server Lance was the best server I have had ever, very sweetDevon has officially made it to one of my favorite restaurant in Philly...Recently went here for restaurant week and was not disappointed. The lobster bisque was out of this world and the crab cakes were honestly some of the best I've ever had. Perfect amount of crips on them to provide some great texture.
Only problem is the restaurant is pretty pricey (it is Rittenhouse Square after all). Not sure if I would necessarily go back without the allure of Restaurant week.Came here for the first time last night. The ambiance is beautiful, the staff are excellent at recommendations, and their wine selection is perfect. Their seafood was absolutely on point and fresh. Try their jumbo lump crab cakes and bisque. Superb. The only thing I didn't like was it got a bit hot and the occasional fruit fly or two. 
Overall I'd go back again!!!!When strolling through Rittenhouse Square in Philly on a nice day you will always see clusters of people sipping cocktails in sunnies while people watching at bistro tables in front of this popular spot. A friend and I were catching a quick cocktail after a bridal shower and stopped in. They have great Sunday specials including $1 per oyster. I ordered the swanky "On your marc" which is a mini bottle of Prosecco with blue maraschino cherries served on a little silver tray. Needless to say I felt fancy... Pinkies up!They have a good happy hour, for CC standards.  We had really good oysters there (75 cents a piece!).  There was also a lobster special, which is a really good price, but the lobster was a bit overdone.  The food is good, I will say, but the service is another thing...
To be fair, we only ate the bar, so I can't comment on the dining area.  The host/hostesses were friendly, but they don't really do much other than greet you.
Our bar tender seemed to be more interested in his fellow bartenders than the patrons; he was not very attentive and we had to request his attention several times.  The kitchen burnt one of our appetizers, so they had to re-fire it, which delayed the food service.  I don't know why they didn't bring out the oysters first, as it's a cold dish anyway.  They offered to take the burnt appetizer off our bill, but did not do so in the end (we only noticed the next morning since we were in a hurry to get out of there due to the so-so service).
So, would I go back?  Probably.  But I would try to get a different bartender, or I would just get the oysters and then move onto to a different bar for drinks and better overall dining experience.Great seafood, nice digs ... drinks are pretty weak however so you get a 4. Get me stumbling walking out the door next time and I bump you up to a 5.Best crab cake in Philly! Lobster salad is also fabulous~ love the cozy environment there. Can't wait to try there againThe last time I came to Devon, my parents took me for my birthday. I was feeling a little under the weather earlier in the day, but shook it off because all I could think about was the lobster bisque that I know and love and would marry if it were a person. About part of the way through my meal, "under the weather" became "violently ill holy sh*t." I boxed up the rest of my food and went home and to bed. After the wave of sick subsided sometime the next day, I reached into the fridge and promptly scarfed down my leftovers.
I'm not telling you this because I want you to associate Devon with being sick, but rather to show you that my dedication to enjoying this food extends to completely forgetting that I had to cut a visit short due to getting sick. 
P.S. They have great cheap lunch deals!Great seafood place! Came here with my girlfriend on Sunday and really enjoyed our experience! Haley and John served us and did an excellent job! John filled us in on the half price bottles of wine (best deal in Philly!) and happy hour appetizers! Overall food and service was outstanding! Devon is our new Sunday night spot!!Me and the Hubby had dinner here for our 2nd anniversary over the Memorial Day Weekend. I picked this place because my Husband loves a great piece of fish. The appetizers were fantastic. We had a Ceaser Salad, Lobster Bisque soup, and the Duck Flatbread. The flatbread made my eyes roll to the back of my head, the soup was great but my husband felt that he had better, and the salad was good as well. However, the entrees were horrendous! I had the 6oz fillet with Parmesan roasted potatoes and asparagus. The steak was cooked perfectly but it was so salty that I thought I was going to have a hypertensive crisis at the table. The asparagus taste like they weren't rinsed properly. Every bite was grainy like they were cooked with dirt, and potatoes were room temperature with no flavor. My husband had the rainbow trout. He was happy with the portion size but said the flavor was lacking. He had the same sides that I did and he also had the same complaints. And to top it off, we had the unfortunate experience of dining with a family of small bugs that flew over our plates the whole time. We figured we were the only ones having this issue because no one else was waving their hands like us. Overall, the best part of the dinner was the appetizers and the delicious biscuits that my husband stalked the server for all night. I knew the tab would be a little pricey which made me want to complain but I decided against it for my husbands sake. He hates complaining and sending food back in restaurants, so I just sucked it up in an effort to not ruin our evening.Eat here several times a year and really like the place, but today, I am quite disappointed to say that I tried to make reservations and spoke with two people at separate times to make/change a reservation and I got totally obnoxious responses from both these people over the phone, and one hung up on me!  I understand that its restaurant week and you are busy, but that does not give you any reason to be rude to people or to hang up on them, especially when it is not even during the busy time of the day.  Devon, fix your customer service!