We had lunch catered by DiBruno Bros., and the food is very solid.  The sandwich platter comes with the chicken pronto (mozzarella, pesto, greens, and chicken on a baguette), roast beef, turkey and brie, and caprese.  I loved the caprese, as it came with plenty of fresh mozzarella, a great pesto spread, and sliced tomatoes.  The garden salad was very standard but the creamy, oil-based roasted vegetable vinaigrette was fantastic.  The pasta primavera with white fusilli and vegetables tossed in a white wine vinaigrette was also very good and not overly tangy.  The dessert tray of brownies and cookies was also a hit and I was definitely a fan of the rich fudge brownies.  Overall, a great gourmet catering option for a small to medium group.This is my single favorite grocery store on earth.
Fantastic place where, years ago, I first discovered Truffle oil and then later: truffled honey.
Once, (before my diet was Kosher,)  I bought  prosciutto to make prosciutto wrapped dates with blue cheese dressing. This prosciutto project ("Project") was on like attempt number 3 at this point, I had tried bacon, figs, Gorgonzola- none of it was what I wanted (and no, I wasn't perfecting the dish for a dinner party, I was just trying to make myself the perfect snack.)  I had worked on the Project extensively one Saturday and that evening a boy and I went out for dinner and drinks.  When we got back to my place to play records and continue the sips, I told him that he could take the prosciutto home with him because it was simply too salty for the Project. As was the trend in those days, we became intoxicated.  In an effort to try to stay sober, he made multiple trips to the fridge, and ate all $53 worth of prosciutto that was in there. (Looking back I wonder what the heck kind of personal appetizer Project requires $53 dollars worth of anything?) And he also reported that , though delicious, prosciutto does not help sober anyone up; he might have been successful if it had been a potato based food.
Di Bruno Brothers was the secret behind many many of my best dishes when I lived in Philadelphia- they ALWAYS have the right ingredient and more often than not they have a spectacular ingredient that inspires the creation of a new, unexpected dish.3.5 stars for dibruno brothers. 
they have great (always presentable) cheeses, desserts, pastries, and gourmet groceries. Also, on the side, there is a counter for fresh meats and fish. props for their consistency.
For a gourmet grocery store, I expected the service to be a little more prompt. I waited at the bakery for about 5 minutes before anyone asked me if I wanted anything. I don't expect to get served ASAP, but if I am standing there, I generally think its good customer service to have someone ask me if I need any help. 
I get two mini cakes at $6.50 a pop.  They were really not amazing tasting cakes. I got a mini chocolate cheesecake and fruit tart. I've had better fruit tarts at grocery stores. I think they fill the tart with a cream of sorts (perhaps whipped?) instead of custard, which is what they offer at other places. I live for fruit tarts, so I was pretty disappointed that I threw away $6.50 on a mediocre fruit tart. The fruits on it were beautifully glazed in sugar, but the taste was quite dismal.  
The chocolate cheesecake was better, but not by much. It was a layer of cheesecake wrapped between chocolate cake.  If you are looking for a birthday cake try Miel Patisserie.  For the price, I expected more from DiBrunos. 
The pastries at the coffee counter are pretty good here.  They have a great cinnamon bun. It's a little too sweet, so definitely split with a friend.Overpriced but they do have a great selection of cheeses and their basil and garlic pasta sauce is actually very good. I also love their prepared meals which aren't that overpriced for what you get.I really enjoy coming in here for random novelties. They have a decent selection of bottled water ranging from American artisan water (yes, artisan, not "artesian") to tasty Italian brands. Sometimes I even find my favorite Italian cookies here (Abbracci by Barilla). Oh! They also have chicken pot pie to take away! I remember when I had a serious craving for some and I couldn't seem to find it anywhere! I came here and ended up leaving extremely happy. And yes, it tasted delicious!
Overall, I don't come here for much, but when I do I'm pretty satisfied with my purchases! The staff is very courteous, especially the older man behind the counter next to the drinks (he always greets customers). I also needed a band aid once, and the security guard went and got one for me. I truly appreicate such assistance.
My only warning is that if you want to get lunch here (particularly during lunch hours), don't come if you only have 30 minutes. The line appears endless!!If heaven is a place on earth, then Dibruno's is it.  I love all of the sights, smells, and sounds of shopping here.  The cheese and bread are to do die for.  The homemade gourmet sausages are some of the best I've ever tasted in my life.   The only downside is that the prices will break your piggy bank.As much as I love dibruno bros, the price point has finally gotten out of control. Today I ordered a very conservative portion of vegetable lasagna. To my bewilderment when I got to the counter to pay the cashier said without hesitation "that will be $17 (SEVENTEEN) dollars" I said but, but, it's just one piece of lasagna!!! 
After setting up a payment plan for the 3"x3" piece of lasagna, I was in shock.
FAQs
1. Was it the best lasagna I've ever had? No.
2. Do I regret it? Everyday.
3. Was there a $10 bill actually in the lasagna? NO!
After finishing off the costly dish, I thought about what else I could have spent $17 FREAKING DOLLARS on. A few things came to mind
1. 3 VHS copies of Home Alone 2
2. Two 10-packs of Hanes socks
3. Helped a small child in a third world country for just 69 cents a day for 24 days.
4. 3 twinkle tushes (look it up) with money to spare!!
Idk diBrunos, y'all got some tasty snacks but $17 for a piece of lasagna?We stopped in to see about healthy lunch options and were very impressed with this excellent deli/market in central Philly.
Our biggest gripe is that the selection of organic foods is very limited...
So... great market/deli and lots of really great food - but mostly not organic unfortunately... maybe that's something they can look at for the future as not everyone wants to eat GMO!Great sandwiches for lunch and quality produce. Very, very friendly staff.this is such a beautiful space full of beautiful food. definitely not a place to regularly grocery shop unless you pull at least 6 figures a year but a must-visit store to appreciate how pretty food can be.  i'm sure this place is spectacular around the holidays.
bonus: many affordable gluten-free options (mineral water+small garden salad+pre-cut fruit = roughly 11 usd)my new favorite place!  try the baked ricotta!  and the chipotle jack!  and... oh, everything!  so fabulous!  I've actually enjoyed everything I've tried.  They really will let you try everything you want to.  Don't be afraid to say you don't quite like something -- they'll totally help you find out what you love.Ode to DiBruno's. I've often said my dream occupation would be a cheese monger here. 
Expensive, yes. But they are simply the best for fresh pasta and cheese. Their meat and fish counter is very good too. 
Redding Terminal Market certainly offers quality on par with DiBruno's but this lovely market in Rittenhouse is far less chaotic. 
Their in-store pre-made dishes beat Whole Foods hands down any day. I should also note that I have been pleased with their catering. 
They have a nice produce display too but it doesn't stack up to the rest of their offerings. I usually go elsewhere for produce if I have the luxury of time to do so.This store may be the happiest place on earth.  Sometimes after a rough day, I just want to go here and not to a bar.  I inevitably spend way too much money at this store.
There are tons of interesting ingredients and food.  If you want a specialty item, this store may have it.  Certainly they have just about every cheese or cured meat you can imagine.  The workers tend to be very helpful and willing to spend time with you to find the perfect cheese.  The samples are also addicting.  I am not as fond of their pre-made sandwiches because I hate tomatoes, but their sandwiches made to order are always good.  I also love their bread.
However, you can easily spend a lot of money FAST.  Some things are worth the money, and I try to just limit my quantities, but I still find myself indulging in too many impulse purchases here.  Also, one time I came in looking for some meats to send to my brother.  I found the butcher to be extremely unhelpful and unwilling to walk me through the different options.  I settled on something at his recommendation, and my brother said that it was moldy.  Considering this was a cured, dry meat, that absolutely should not have happened (in their defense, it was pre-packaged and you could not see inside the package, so maybe no one knew).  By contrast, on a very crowded Sunday at their Italian Market location, a very helpful butcher was willing to walk me and a friend through their many options and was extremely helpful.  Maybe the guy was having an off day, but it was a little frustrating.  However, I have generally had good experiences there and continue to go back.
That paragraph may make you question why this place gets four stars, but seriously it is a food paradise.  Unless you're a vegan, you will find something you love at this store.I find myself really disappointed... Everyone knows and loves it this place, but I'm starting to feel that it's just an overpriced name. Today I brought 2 coworkers here for pannini's because they're from out of town and have heard the name... We just finished lunch and I find myself feeling foolish. I asked the guy making panini's if they really press them down well and if they have decent amount of meat... He truly  misguided me. Not only were the sandwiches cold with only a few press lines on it, but there was two thin slices of prosciutto.. Two little slices and the sandwich was worth $9? Come on Di Bruno's, step your panini game up!!One of my favorite places to grab imported meats and cheeses.  They have a great selection of products and maintain high standards for prep, storage, and distribution.  Staff is very friendly and on more than one occasion have gone above and beyond to help me find a specific ingredient.  Love this place.I visited for the first time today.  It's got a feast for the senses Dean & Deluca kind of vibe, which I loved.  We tasted $25/lb cheese (awesome), some $39/lb caviar (even more awesome) and basically snacked our way through the store.  Upon check out my friend and I were given a little shopping bag.  We went upstairs to their seating area and when we were done and because we had leftovers, I turned to the gentleman clearing the tables and said: 
Me: Brother, excuse me, is it possible to get another one of these (pointing to bag) 
He: you gone have to get it wherever you got that one 
Me:  looks at Bff
She:  what'd he just say?
Me:  he said get it where I got this one 
He was still clearing in our area, overheard me and (as though I hadn't heard/understood him the first time) said: I'm saying wherever you got it, go back there. 
He'd just closed his breakfast station and appeared to be ending his shift.  The store, including staff up to this point, had been a 5 star experience.  Maybe he'd had a bad day I don't know.  What I do know is I don't need to leave nyc for $30 snacks AND slick mouthed customer service.   That was some tasty cheese though.Amazing white bean escarole salad. Very friendly and helpful staff.This place is so great! It is next to my hotel. Great coffee and awesome pastry bagel, breakfast sandwiches. Nice on the go place. Very good prepared food in back. I found a good quick bite here more often when work went long. The people that worked there were happy to heat it for me. Nice selection of berries and sliced fruit. A little spendy but worth it I felt.We used DiBruno Bros to cater our wedding and were very happy with our choice. We worked with Danielle, who was very responsive, attentive, organized, and helpful. The food, obviously, was delicious.I'm from LA, but come to visit my boyfriend in Philly quite often. He lives across from Di Bruno Bros., which makes visiting him and cooking for us that much easier. I LOVE to cook, and love nothing more than a good gourmet grocery store I can count on. I can honestly say we have nothing as good as this in LA, and I really look forward to hours spent wandering through the aisles of Di Bruno's...
Di Bruno's is of course best for meat and cheese, and all the things that go along with great meat and cheese. He's obsessed with all the different types of smoked salmon, we could just stand at the cheese counter forever (and I do), and their selection of cured meats is off the hook. They have every type of cracker you could ever want, and delicious pairings for your cheese - fig spread, quince paste etc. 
If you're making an italian meal, DB will have just about every random ingredient you need. If you're making any other cuisine - Asian, Moroccan, whatever, they have a smaller selection but have MOST of the essentials. Which is some feat for an italian market! 
Their staff is extremely helpful, and they all know the store inside and out. Essential for a place like this. 
Produce - it's not the highlight, but they usually have most of what's in season. (As a little secret, there is a small produce shop across the street on 18th...sorry DB, but they've got the better goods)
Prepared foods - excellent. Upstairs, they've got pizza, sandwiches, salads, you name it for a quick, easy, drop-in lunch. Downstairs, you can get hot sandwiches, or a number of to-go items, ranging from a mezze platter for an on-the-go meal, or prepared grilled chicken to take home to your fam. 
Love DB. i love that it's across the street even more!OK, was in Phila.sunday.After having brunch my Good friend & I decided to walk off some of the food. Saw Di Bruno's, had to go. It seemed quaint, till I realized how Ginormous this location was, it stretched all the way to back, & around, plus upstairs-holy****!! Loved it. Had such more space then original in S.Philly, the cheese Guy was very knowledgeable, got some Gruyere cheese, he was personable, think his name was Dan. Anyway, great cooked, not cooked foods, salads, sides, if I worked in PHila, this would be one of my spots to get food for lunch, or anything. So much variety, there was bakery, then breads section, coffee , gelato-OMG!! Your just so overwhelmed!! Definitely go back!!(4) ~ very good food & service for this flagship store.  It's a semi-high end Italian market with Big City prices;)  
OUR MENU:
** La Colombe Draft Latte = (4.5) Very Good!  If you've not had this, definitely recommend!  It uses nitrogen to make it smooth(like Guinness), and the natural milk sugar provides some sweetness.  It's addictive!
** Chocolate Gift Box selection = (4) very good
** Pasta Salad = (4) very good
* Fresh Mozzarello Cheese = (3.75) Good
* Dill Pickle = (3.5) good
* Mississippi Chocolate Bar = (3.5) good & decadent
* Watermelon & Beet Juice = (3.25) pretty good
* Italian Hoagie = (3.25) pretty good, BUT since it was "premaid" the bread was stale/hard...would prefer they make them fresh...This place is awesome they have anything and everything you can think off when it comes to fresh food . There's eating area upstairs , bakery ,seafood section a huge variety of cheeses , pastas breads .... I go for lunch always something different to choosesplitting the difference on a 1 and a 5. 
the food is always great, but the staff can be intensely off-putting.
Ive never seen anyone operate a deli slicer with as much rage as some of the guys behind the counter in this place. its creepy/uncomfortable, and results in rather poorly cut salami.This is the burrata that started it all for me. The introduction happened at Per Se in NYC with the rich pairing of Armando Manni's Olive Oil. Holy F. Fresh Mozzarella, encasing a scoop of fresh cream. Hand stretched, it's not stringy but smooth and ultimately very tasty.Everything you need is here. Pricey yes but the quality is top-notch. I recommend the whole roasted chicken, Napoleon sandwich and their chicken parm sandwich.I am only giving this location 2 stars which means Yelp will hide my review. 
I was going to go to Reading Terminal today, but in the interest of time, I stopped here to buy some fish and cheese. Yikes!! It seems like everything is priced at 25.00 a pound!! The fish is 2-3.00 a pound more then John Yi and the steaks are really really expensive. They also cut the steaks really thick so you have to buy more. It is a fun place to shop and I love their cheeses and I love the energy, but it is for the Rittenhouse Square folks.This place is awesome to the awesome! I love talking to the cheese mongers. You have to try the Delice!!! It is the fav of the party. There are so many awesome cheeses that I love here!!!Yes the cheese selection is tremendous but lets talk about Duck Proscuitto.  I havent tasted anything as good as this in quite a while, always keep some in my fridge.  The staff is always teaching the customers and cheese rules.  Great placeWhat more needs to be said about Di Bruno's?  Everything you want -- a great great selection and overall an excellent store.
However, I was a bit disappointed with their cannoli.  The scorze (shells) are crisp and large -- really too large.  It's not a delicious, quick treat you end up biting into (as I have done in the train stations throughout Sicily) you're really committing to a lengthy bout with a dessert.  This is especially the case because their ricotta is too sweet.  Take one of these home and you will be comatose for some time afterwards.  You don't need an espresso to go with this, you need a french press full of coffee.  I much prefer to buy their shells at 2 dollars a pop and bring them home to make my own ricotta filling.The staff is phenomenal, the food is somehow even better. They update all of their social media sites (facebook, Twitter and Pinterest) constantly, and they have the most unique selection with really high quality ingredients. I am obsessed with Di Bruno Bros!I'm really torn about how to rate this place. As you'll see, the pro's completely outweigh the cons, probably:
Pros: 
Incredible selection of specialty Italian foods. We're talking dozens of different salami's, prosciuttos, probably 100 different cheeses, fresh pasta, dried pasta, homemade sauces, soups, etc. If you're Italian, it's all there. It's pretty much Italian food heaven.
Every thing is super fresh, the deli people are really helpful and nice. We asked for samples of a couple cheeses and meats and were given heaping chunks of each to nibble on. 
All of the food is high quality and delicious. You can't go wrong with anything.
Cons:
It's expensive. I mean, EXPENSIVE. Granted, I went a little manic and kind of started throwing things in the cart, but I bought probably 3 days worth of specialty foods (prosciutto, cheese, pasta, sauce, etc) and it ran me $62. It's also expensive across the board. A pound of dried pasta here is $4, compared to $1 at trader joes. That's a big markup for dried pasta. 
It's not a place that I can afford to shop at for my typical groceries, but man do I wish that I could.Di Brunos is the perfect example of food store as jewel box.  They've researched the great stores and it shows.  Like Giusti's in Modena, neater than a Tiffany's with prettier displays and Balducci's in New York where stacking fresh vegetables exquisitely is the produce manager's reason for living, or so it seems.  And they've done it in a relatively short time, just a few years. Giusti's is centuries old and Balducci at least 100 years.  Usually stores like these need the patina of age to make them appealing.  This store? You just want to walk in and roam around, Hanging cheeses and European hams not so much suspended for utlility but as so many objet d'arts; polished glass, polished brass and edible art.  It doesn't come cheap, but nobody complains.  You can get it cheaper, in some instances much cheaper, but do you want to?Abbondanza! If you want the best and the brightest of any food item, DiBruno's is your place. They have locally-grown food, and they have the very best imported items. 
The place is a feast for the eyes and a delight to the palate. They'll let you taste any cheese (check out my picture of Red Hawk, the world's stinkiest cheese). Their lunches are outstanding. They have dinner carryout. And they whip you through the checkout line in no time flat.
We're lucky to have DiBruno's in Rittenhouse. It's one of my all time faves.Not that impressed by this place.  It all seems a bit pre-made, pre-packaged for gourmet in my opinion.  I'm unimpressed by the baked goods I've had so far.  They were good, but certainly not amazing.  Sandwiches are the same.  Is one of the few spots to find certain grocery items in the city though and they do have a good cheese selection and are more than willing to hand out plenty of advice regarding it!Was just there to get brunch. Got the just before they opened the up-stairs, so got a seat at a table. Three of the tables were covered in food crumbs. Very dirty. They obviously didn't clean up before they closed last evening. 
What happened to "breakfast foods" at brunch like bacon, french toast? Disappointing.Before recently moving to Rittenhouse Square, I scoped out the businesses in the area on the interwebz so that when I arrived, I'd at least know where to get the basics like groceries.
I was glad to find Di Bruno Bros. I thought based upon reviews and visiting their website that their prices would be much higher. 
Sure, the products they sell aren't cheap, but a lot of what they sell is competitively priced considering that you are paying for quality items in an urban market.
You can get hard to find fresh and canned foods of all kinds here. Of course, some things are a little ridiculously priced, even by standards in more expensive cities. But, supply in demand, right?
All in all, Di Bruno Bros is not prohibitively expensive if you shop selectively. Sure, there are a lot of fur coat wearing ladies in the area who can easily afford to go to Di Bruno Bros for all of their food shopping needs. Good for them.  
For others who are on a budget but are occasionally willing to splurge for fine cheeses, meats, or other select goods, Di Bruno Bros still has a lot to offer. 
Duck prosciutto? 24 moth old Gouda? Wild boar sausage? Yes, please.
Di Bruno Bros is always very well staffed, so there's always someone there to help you out even if it's relatively busy. More importantly, the employees are pretty helpful and friendly, so it's a nice shopping experience overall.This place is literally in front of my apartment and I really want to love this place. I appreciate that I have multi food store in the neighborhood. It is pretty store, big cheese section in the back of the room, veggie and fruit section, bakery section, meat and fish section and upstairs cafe. 
I am regular customer for their cheese and bakery section. I had little bad experience with veggie section once and never really went back. Veggies were not fresh at all and gone bad the day after I purchased. 
Pre cooked food section seemed very nice. I might try that very soon. 
Tried couple cakes there. Was decent but not amazing... Still go there because so convenient but not super satisfied with the quality.Yay for offering an aMAZEing market that houses all things gourmet and above the cut. I marveled at the wonderful cold pressed EVOO with fresh baguette, some samples of wonderful cheese. Strolling around, it's definitely like a honed in, neighborhood Whole Foods. 
On-site cafe and place to have a sandwich ordered there, or some sweets/pastries. Full on cake counter and fancy desserts. 
We tried a Snicker's cupcake and a little bag of pecan chocolate cookies, and brought back to hotel. The cupcake was, sadly, dry. the cookies themselves are from the Famous 4th street (Terminal market has big kiosk). So indulgent! Fun to window shop.This place is foodie heaven!  There is a great selection of cheeses, fresh meats, and prepared food to die for.  
Unfortunately, the prices keep me from going there often.  
I stopped by on the way home once because we needed some spaghetti sauce for dinner.  The jar sauces ranged from $7 to $14--for a JAR of pasta sauce.  It might be delicious and worth every penny, but it's just not within my budget these days.Every part of this store could be summed up with "they have limited options, but they have most of what you need." And what they have here is quality stuff, so I can't complain about that. Like, if I'm looking for rice, they only have sushi rice, or they only have this special type of flour, or they don't have a certain type of fish, or they only have a handful of juice/smoothie options etc. 
I will say that everyone who works here (from the guys at the butcher/seafood portion to the registers) are always helpful and really nice.Okay, so I love this place but I have a gripe. When you get "Deluxe Seafood Salad" you should not have to find crabstick as an ingredient. Make "Seafood Salad" and add all the crabstick you want. Then make "Deluxe Seafood Salad" with actual ingredients, not molded, colored, white fish. That's a technical foul...If you need cheese, this is the place to go. The cheese cave in the back is the bomb and the cheesemongers are really helpful and let you sample before you buy. DiBruno's has other great upscale provisions that you can't find anywhere else short of driving to NYC. Meats, cheeses, olives, even the drink selection here rocks.Stayed in a hotel a block away. They made me a killer sandwich with only a little attitude.  Wish we had these in the west, as they have amazing deli meats, cheeses, pastries, and fish and butcher.OMG what a cool place.  If you can't find a great lunch, dinner, takeout or coupla hunks of cheese here, shame on you.  You're not looking very hard.I work a block from here and have traditionally only come for ingredients and gifts. After boo got 50/50 whole wheat pasta instead of the 100% I was promised (don't you judge me!) I figured I'd hop over to DBs and cop the realness. Once I got there I decided I'd also get lunch since I left mine at home. 
So I began stalking the cases with the speed of a boa constrictor, slowly slithering in and out of people with a menacing glare at all the options before me (think Doc Halladay looking to Chooch in the 9th mixed with the information processing of the Terminator). I did this little danza de la muerta for a good 30 minutes. 
Usually for lunch bring in a rotisserie chicken and Jurassic Park or I'll just get a chunk of salami or pepperoni and cheese and call it a meal but today with so many options I had to make sure I didn't squander this opportunity to actually get a real mind blowing meal. Unfortunately I did.
I figured you only live once so why not get everything I was trying to decide on and go forth regret free. So I got the antipasta plate, salami stuffed peppers, prosciutto stuffed peppers, grilled long hots, and chopped chicken liver. Can't lose right?
The can't miss of my selections was the antipasta plate but it was actually the most disappointing of all. The plate highlight was the margherita pepperoni that I can get at 7-11 and the peppadew peppers that were a very small part of the whole. The house provolone was fine but next to the other flavors it was a bit bland, sharp provolone would have fit perfect. In the center was a big ball of abbruzze spread that was very strong and seemed a bit out of place. The artichoke hearts were fine but again just a small part of the plate and the sweet soppressata was just meh. Finally the cerignola olive. There were five of them, I ate two  (following my rule of try everything twice) and threw the rest away. I NEVER throw olives away, I'm the olive guy that eats them out of ppl's salads that don't like them.
The long hots were on the greasy, wet side and the stuffed peppers were unremarkable which was very disappointing. This leaves the chopped liver. I grew up on this stuff thanks to my Jewish grandmother giving the family recipe to my beautiful Gentile mother. I'll let you in on the secret, it's hard boiled eggs, liver and onions. What I had at DBs was not this. It was clumpy and blah.        
In all honesty if I gotten this from the South Philly Shop Rite I would be perfectly content but DBs is an institution and their prices reflect it. I really expected more.Though some of things are a little pricey I cannot get enough of this place for a quick snack on the go or a relaxing lunch!  From salads to Italian specialties and specialty vinegars this place has it and is a must as part of my routine during the weekRealllly good food and very fresh! They cook some right in front of you! The only issue is that you'll be waiting 20 mins for a breakfast sandwich in the morning do go early. But in the end it's worth it. The staff are nice and the coffee is great!Really fun specialty store, even if you're just browsing.  Beautiful displays and great selection of cheeses, cured meats and pastries.  It is pricey, but this shop is for folks looking for high-end Italian foods, not those looking for a steal.We got takeout from the Di Bruno Bros, but were not wowed by the quality of the prepared food:
-the Salmon was a little on the dry side...it might be passable with some type of sauce. The jicama garnish was refreshing, but not enough.
-the Asparagus was generally fresh, but we had a few wilted, overcooked ones mixed in
-the Potato Pancakes had a good consistency, but needed more flavorIf you're going here for cheese or meat (or you have so much money you don't know what to do with it), ignore my review--there's probably nothing for you to dislike about this place. Just at a glance, they've got a superb selection.
I, being a fool, saw this place as a fancy little market near my apartment. Unless you want to pay $10 for a jar of pasta sauce that you could get at Trader Joe's for $1.50, don't make the same mistake. No, really. Ten dollars.I come to DiBruno Bros for their stuffed grape leaves (gads, they're deliciously addictive) but once I'm in, I'm somehow here for hours -- I always feel like a kid in a candy shop, because there's something new every time I walk through.  Though checkout cashiers are aloof and unfriendly at times, the cheese guys are always cheery and will offer samples if you're scoping out a new fromage du jour, and the folks manning the wide range of salami and deli meats are quick to point out which are their personal favourites.
They have delicious sandwiches -- be sure to pick up the Italian Stallion (a personal favourite) or a Caprese, grilled avec panini press.  Coffee bar is also a good pitstop, though you can skip the pastries.
Prices are fairly steep for shelf products -- why would I buy the overpriced La Columbe coffee when I can walk around the corner to the Rittenhouse Square location for way cheaper?  However, they occasionally have good deals on things like olive oil and Tate's cookies.
I consider it a great day when I can snag one of the last loaves of freshly baked Sarcone's italian bread to take home -- don't be jealous by that wonderful baked bread smell, fellow train commuters. *sniff, sniff*Just spent 30 min with the cheese girl doing the Italian vs French olive oli throwdown... Ended up buying both. The workers here r so welcoming!Wholly heck these paninis are ENORMOUS!!  And DELICIOUS!  I came here (upstairs) for lunch and for $10 I got a huge Italian panini with a side salad.  The sandwich was easily big enough for 2 lunches, which at $5 per lunch makes this quite the deal!  They put plenty of meat on the sandwich and it came out quickly, even with the busy lunch crowd.  
I've walked around the other parts of the store and they seem great.  You can't really compare this place to the Italian Market version though, because the one on 9th St doesn't have all the prepared food, just the meat and cheese.  It's a great spot in the city and I am very happy to be working close by.Ein Besuch in diesem grandiosen, seit 1939 in der Chestnut St. ansässigen italienischen Gourmet-Supermarkt ist eigentlich für jeden ordentlichen Foodie quasi vorgeschrieben.
 Alleine schon wegen der gigantischen Käsetheke, an der man sprach- und fassungslos wie ein Kind vorm Weihnachtsbaum steht, während man sich durch die überwältigende Auswahl an Käsen aus aller Herren Länder durchprobiert. Z. B. Truffle Tremor, ein fantastischer, getrüffelter Ziegenweichkäse aus der prämierten Cypress Grove Käserei, oder frische Burrata -- einfach, mit Pesto, oder auch mit weißen Trüffeln und Honig.
 Vielleicht kommt man wegen der Fisch & Fleischabteilung, in der ich einem guten Batzen geräucherter Entenbrust einfach nicht widerstehen konnte; oder wegen der guten Auswahl an Pasta, sowohl trocken als auch frisch.
 Oder man möchte verschiedene Sorten Räucherlachs oder Patés probieren. Vielleicht nimmt man ein paar Pralinen oder Törtchen mit.
 Oder man möchte sich mit einem knusprigen Mandelcroissant und einem Espresso mit ordentlicher Crema das Treiben auf der Chestnut St. ansehen -- einige wenige Tische laden dazu ein. Auch das Sonntagsbrunch ist hochbeliebt.
 Di Bruno's erfreut mit seinem hauseigenen Catering-Service nicht nur glückliche Esser in Philadelphia, man kann mittlerweile auch in alle 50 Staaten liefern lassen.
 Ich habe beim letzten Mal außer einigen Käsen & der geräucherten Entenbrust noch haus-eingelegte Gurken mitgenommen. Sowas von knackig, knoblauchig und frisch. da hätte ich gleich ein paar Gläser mehr mitnehmen sollen.
 Auf der Website bekommt man einen recht guten Überblick, der nur einen Schluß zuläßt: hingehn!Wowzers. This place makes me so angry that I'm a poor college student. DiBruno's is A-MAZING. They have tons and tons of fresh food, a wonderful butcher, and a group of cheese mongers that know what's up. If you can't afford to do your shopping here, check it out during lunch, when you can get a good amount from the deli counter for ten bucks!I'm pretty darn sure my heaven will look like DiBruno Bros. A perfect lunch spot, rocking bakery and desserts, my go-to for charcuterie, meats, and seafood. And cheese. Oooooh the cheese. Swoon.
If the name didn't make me giggle so much, I'd seriously consider becoming a cheesemonger. I'd be so happy to spend my days in DiBruno's cheese cave for the rest of my life. 
Whenever I need some random specialty item (which happens more than I'd like to admit), my first stop is DiBruno Bros. And 9 out of 10 times, they have the item. Like I said, heaven.Cheese, cheese, glorious cheese!
For many things, Di Bruno Brothers is overpriced. Their prepared foods are delicious but VERY expensive, particularly for the portion sizes you get, and the produce prices are exorbitant - especially compared to what you can get at the little produce stands within a block. Unless I really need to save time (and still impress), I usually skip most of the store. 
But the CHEESE, the glorious CHEESE! Now that is another story. 
The cheesemongers here are incredibly patient and knowledgeable. I come in about once a month with a vague idea of what I want. Today's meandering thoughts were "something soft ... and something nutty." After trying 6-7 cheeses, I left with a cana de oveja, a gruyere, a French cheese whose name I have already forgotten, and a delicious and somewhat unusual Manchego. The staff is always spot-on with their recommendations for me, and has always been willing to let me try a wide variety of cheeses to put together the perfect assortment. They are also very responsive to budget restrictions, I have never felt pressured to spend more than I planned (although, to be honest, I usually end up doing so, anyway!). 
Stop and grab a baguette before you head out the door - they will slice it for you into crostini the perfect size for trying your new cheese selections!More than an Italian Market/Cheese Shop/Sandwich shop, its an experience.  The wonderful aromas surround you as you enter.  Most people will have said everything that needs to be said so I'll just go with what I ate.  Boy I wish I was hungrier.  
I had a Prosciutto, Salami, oil and vinegar sandwich.  
 - The sandwich was fantastic.  The flavors of aged pork powered the sandwich through the meal.  i didn't care too much for the bread, but I'd eat it again just for the meat. 
Decor:5
Food:4
Service:4
Would I go back?  You bet your pastrami I would! or Prosciutto?Everything is always really good. If you pay attention to the prices you can actually get out of there without an empty wallet. Definitely the best place in the neighborhood for fresh meat and fish.
Oh and the cheese selection is phenomenal.Whether I'm stopping in to get my Eclat chocolate fix, or making an impromptu cheese plate I'm glad Di Bruno Bros is close to home.
I can't offer much more than other reviewers, but I do know that it was a lifesaver during my friend's wedding last year.  With a tight schedule on the big day, there was no time for lunch.  An early morning trip to Di Brunos to grab a couple of those pre-made salads saved the day.  Small enough to store in the minibar fridge, filling enough to get us through the day it was the perfect treat.Such a great place. Nice to see the quality has remained high even as they continue to expand. 
The downstairs area is more like a market, tons of meats, cheeses and prepared foods. You can also get sandwiches, produce, pasta, bread, etc. Really a one stop shop, just be careful because it is expensive. All the food is very good and the people behind the meat and cheese counters are very friendly and helpful, always willing to hand out free samples.
Upstairs, I feel, is a bit of a secret. I think it is a GREAT place for lunch in the city. It blows Liberty Place and all those other food courts away. You can get a sandwich with chips and a salad, a soup, or you can build a meal. They have a buffet style option where you can grab hot foods like chicken, fish, pasta and pizza as well as a salad bar section. All with very nice, high quality options. 
Again, the only knock is it is a bit expensive, but the food is great, tons of options.The selection of meats, cheeses, and pastries are great.  The prepared food is also great.  A great center city spot.Ipscale grocer with restaurant upstairs in the chestnut area. Yummy ready to eat secrion. coffee stand. they gave us huge fresh baked choco  chip cookie for free for a first time visit.This gourmet grocer is a bit pricey for my budget.  However, it was fun to wander around the cheese, meat and wine sections.  Might come back to buy something for a special occasion.Though a bit pricey you can't get better meat or cheese in the city. Plus their prepared foods and lunch options are always delicious too.I heard about this place from a co-worker and had to check it out. The quality here seems very good, and they have a great selection of prepared food. I came here to get check out a brand of ice cream that I could not find anywhere else (Jeni's) and was pleased that they had a good amount of choices. The meat is a little pricey, but that's to be expected when you are near Rittenhouse Square. I definitely want to try some of their prepared food some time, everything looks really good.I don't shop here. This is strictly about the coffee which I think is fantastic. It's nice to give Starbucks a little competition. I've had the café au lait and lattes and they are great. Never burned or too weak.I think my main disappointment is that I was not impressed with anything I ate. The food/drink was good, but not fantastic, and seemed to taste like what you could get anywhere. The tuna sandwich was on focaccia which was pretty hard (I think because it was sitting in the refrigerator already made). Macaroni salad was tasty but nothing special. Staff was friendly and decor was really nice. 
For the price and Di Bruno Bros. name, I expect to be wowed.Lots of cheese plus other grocery fair.  We didn't buy much but liked what we did - if you are into cheese, it is worth a trip out of your way.  Convenient to a lot of the Rittenhouse Square hotels.Very cool Italian market with lots of goodies. Had a mushroom pizza from upstairs which, while not Arizmendi-level, was pretty darn good.I love this place despite it being pretty pricey, the food is amazing! If I had the money, I would buy lunch here every day, but since I can't I save trips here for when I can afford the amazing foods you can find here. They have figs, dozens of cheeses, meats and jams you can't find anywhere else. The cheeses are my favorite, sometimes they put out samples, but they don't last for long, my favorite is the aged Gouda. The produce is so fresh here, it's amazing and they have sandwiches they toast for you that they include small sides with for your purchase, so good. There's a bakery and a small cafe if you're just here for a quick bite and there's free lemon water in the corner to enjoy if you're just there for a quick look.My favorite DiBruno brothers in the city. It is the largest and has the largest selection of cheeses and meats. It can get busy at times given it's location. They have a nice upstairs where you can eat your meals. Also, there espresso is delicious. Everyone that works there is so knowledgeable about their selections.Emma, in the deli department, is really a pleasure to see every time I come there. She's probably one of my favorite employees there because of how great her customer service is! Seriously. There's always a smile on her face and a willingness to serve.Whether it's cheese, cookies or pastries, DiBruno Bros. has it, and it's near the apex of good food in Philly. Try the italian cookies or a cannoli. And it doesn't hurt that so many of the people who work there are friendly and cute. I go in here once every few weeks, spend 20 bucks, and walk out with a pile of great stuff to eat.When I worked on Walnut, Di Bruno was my go to place for my hour lunch. A lot of the time was spent browsing and staring far too long at things (hey, I'm just trying to read the labels on the teas and juices!). I haven't had anything terrible here, that sticky bun that called my name that one afternoon could have been a little warmer, but you know- I understand you're busy with rittenhousers. I've gotten premade salads, bread and cheese and of a variety of things to quench my thirst. I have never gotten anything premade from the counter or eaten upstairs. 
For a To-go type feeling at a grocery store, this is top knotch.I am speechless. Best shop I have ever been to! I am from LA and we are missing a Di Bruno Bros. Please come open shop here! The cheese assortments and free samples are amazing. The eggplant napolean but be the best thing I have ever eaten. The sandwiches are to die for. The staff is amazing. I love everything in this place and miss it everyday.Great Italian market feel with tons of gormet cheese, nuts, produce, spreads, breads, wraps, meats, desserts, pastas, salads, prepared food, so much more...even sushi! Many samples will have you confused what to buy...its all so good! (and expensive) Theres a seating area upstairs...but if you go at lunchtime you will have trouble getting a table.Love the food. Love the atmosphere. 
It can be pricey... but you can make a whole meal of just free samples. They always offer generous tastes without ever making me feel obligated to purchase something in return. So, I think the prices are fair.
Pizza
The pizza here is fantastic... Thin crispy crust. it's among the best in the city...  in my opinoin, it's one of two great ones in Center City. 
Interesting Foods
This is the only (or certainly the most convenient and arguably the most well-stocked) place to get rare and interesting foods... meats, cheeses and olives. 
Sweets
They bring in (but sometimes can't keep in) fabulous imported cookies. And, if you are looking for an industrial-sized jar of Nutella, I've never seen one anywhere else.
Love the food. Love the atmosphere. 
One of my favorite spots in the city to pick up lunch, to eat, and to shop.It is always nice to visit Di Bruno and either grab food for take out or just have a sit and enjoy the many  delicacies.  I always go back whenever I am in town.  Upstairs deli is good. Check out can be slow.
Note: no alcoholic beveragesThis place is my absolute FAVORITE place to get food in Center City.  I can't resist it - I go for my lunch hour every other week or so, and I often bring out-of-town friends there for lunch or else I have business/personal meetings there because I can't get enough of the place.  I find every excuse I can to shop here.
Why is DiBruno Bros. so awesome, you ask?  For starters, the downstairs is a wonderful gourmet marketplace.  They've got fresh fruit, pre-made foods (like salads, sushi rolls, pasta, soup, etc. etc.), varieties of goodies to cook with like fancy balsamic vinegar, AMAZING (and probably sinfully fattening) desserts like cookies and little tarts, coffee and lattes, and, best of all, cheese.  If I go anywhere near the back of the market area, which is where the cheese shop is, I inevitably wind up hurrying to the check-out line with at least two hunks of cheese that I've never tried before.  They've got cheese from all over the world, and the little sample baskets they put out are irresistible.  If you try a piece, you've gotta buy some afterward because it's so delicious!  Best of all, each cheese comes with a paragraph explaining the taste (like "hints of grass" and "butterscotch undertones") and provenance (like "made by a hermit on a small mountain in Italy" or something) of the cheese, so the cheese nuts can choose what suits them best.  The most interesting cheese that I've had from there so far was a gouda with coriander made in Indonesia - the label said it was what happened when Dutch cheesemakers colonized the tropics.  I also really like an Italian table cheese cured in Prosecco.  But I've yet to buy a cheese there that I didn't like, and, let me tell you, I've invested large portions of my paychecks the last couple years to buying cheese at this place.  It's bad for my wallet, but oh so good for my taste buds.
I'm told that the Italian Market branch in South Philly is an even better place to buy meat and cheeses, but I like the Center City location because it not only has the market, but it also has hot lunches and a nice dining area upstairs.  Sometimes, I buy a hot sandwich from the special stand in the market downstairs (like chicken cutlet sandwiches or pulled pork), but a lot of times, I go upstairs to get lunch.  If you go up their beautiful hardwood steps, you'll find that the upstairs has two places to get lunch - to the right is a buffet and to the left is a place where you can order their specials and have your food brought to your table.  I almost always go to the left and order a different special every time.  Some of their specials include a salad with grilled shrimp, peppers, onions, bread cubes, cheese, and balsamic vinegar; sliders; calimari rings; a freakin' huge burger; and, my favorite, grilled cheese and tomato soup.  But this isn't any grilled cheese with tomato soup - the cheese is cubed and breaded and fried on a skewer, and the soup is homemade.  It is delicious.
I usually top of my meal with one of their many choices of bottled drinks, like Vitamin Water, sparkling water, or, my favorite, Teany and Honest Tea.  I suggest the vanilla hibiscus Teany tea or the Moroccan Mint Honest Tea - both avoid high fructose corn syrup, so they're good for you, low in calories, and taste great.
Finally, DiBruno Bros. also hosts special events, like beer and cheese tastings or screenings of the World Cup.
This place is the BEST!!!Awesome cheese and meat selections, the employees are great, very helpful.  The desserts are great too.  Looking forward to taking a cheese and champagne class there soon, I've heard great things about their classes.  I could wander in here for hours!Killer cheese counter. The monger was very knowledgeable, kind, and funny.  Prices are on the high side, but reasonable for the geography.I work in Philly a few weeks a month and Di Bruno Bros has become my bread and butter lunch spot.  I could eat there 5 days in row and have something different every day.  That's the beauty of this Italian grocery/ restaurant spot.  
Upon entering Di Bruno bros, you are faced with an important decision, up or down?  If you've never been there... read on, I will give you a little glimpse of what to expect.
SO downstairs it has more of grocery store vibe.  There are different sections where you can buy fresh produce, baked goods, both bread and confections.  Towards the rear of the lower level, is probably one of the best cheese selections Philly has ever known.  There is also a fresh meat and fish counter in the rear of the store.  There is a giant island downstairs that contains a sandwich bar/ and a huge already prepared food section not to mention some of the tastiest deserts.
OK, so the options downstairs are geared towards take away.  Although you have the options of taking them upstairs.  Upstairs at Di Bruno Bros is like a mini restaurant separated into two halves.  The right side is buffet line with already prepared foods, pizzas and a mini salad bar.  Really great stuff over here and it changes daily.  You pay by the pound so be careful.  With out even noticing it, its really easy to drop 15-20 just on lunch.  
On the other side of the upstairs, there is a selection of sandwiches and random other tidbits of that you order and are prepared fresh.  We're talking things like felafel sliders, fried calamari, seared tuna, meatball sliders.. really good looking and more importantly good tasting food.  After ordering at this side, you are given a number card.  You bring this card to your table.  There are about 50 tables upstairs to accommodate seating for around 100-150 people.  A server will see your number and bring you your food.
The whole point of DI Bruno brothers for me, is two fold.  Quality food and tons of options.  Weather it be down or upstairs, you can always find something amazing.  Despite weather its cooked on demand or its already prepared, everything here is fresh because this place is busy.  They have such a high turn over, that most things never sit around. 
mangiaImagine Whole Foods with a larger cheese selection, better pastries, a more extensive deli counter, and more attractive prepared foods - plus free Wi-Fi.  Add in an extensive number of samples and a beautiful well lit atmosphere (plus a 10% price hike on most products) and you have Di Bruno Brothers at Rittenhouse.
I will fully admit that I'd not shop here for each and every thing (produce for example) as the prices are quite high, but the quality matches the price and I've no doubt you get what you pay for.Di Bruno Bros is a nice medium sized gourmet market. The moment you walk in, it's eye popping. So much looks so good. Their foods are very fresh. They have specialty items that are hard to get elsewhere.
The service here is like a top notch restaurant. You do not need to spend much time inside before being approached and asked if you need help. Something you surely would not get at your typical supermarket. But this is not your typical supermarket. I would not recommend for your every day grocery shopping, as it's more of a specialty place you go to get compliments to your other groceries.
Also, unless you like to spend a lot, this is not where I would go often. Like many gourmet markets, you pay for the quality.Meh.  It was love at first sight, not so much at first bite.  We got the Mamma Mia panini, white bean salad, and some expensive English potato chips.  I've had better panini.  The Mamma Mia was just okay- more buttery than I would have liked, with no distinct flavor.  I've also had better white bean salads.  I expected more for the $20 we spent.$10 for a breakfast sandwich!! but at least it came with fruit : /
Some of the prices here are astronomical, and with so many new restaurants and markets coming to Philadelphia, it seems the Di Bruno brothers relies on their name to keep people coming in.
It's a decent spot for a breakfast or sandwich if you're craving Italian fare, but be prepared.Di Bruno Bros. never cease to amaze me with their remarkable selections of everything in the food world. I finally got to try their cheese counter - I was really in a hurry since my puppy was waiting for me outside. However, the gentleman behind the counter was very welcoming and assisted me with finding just what I needed. I wanted to bear hug this man before I left but didn't want to seem crazy at the moment. (It was fairly early in the morning...)
I purchased Burrata cheese and Habanero Monteray cheese. Both were superb and fresh. I enjoyed them very much.
I have no doubt that I'll be back. I always have a great experience here. The staff's friendliness adds a whole a lot to that. Thank you!!Absolutely love this place! I wish lived closer but I try to make the best out of my visit every time. The staff is very welcoming and friendly, the service is always fast and the cheese section! Oh, if you're a cheese lover it's the place...actually, if you're a foodie then that's definitely your place!Great place for a healthy snack!  We were visiting Philly and took a tour on one of those red buses.  Before dinner, we wanted a healthy snack and stumbled in.  They have a great selection of fresh fruits, cheeses, fresh squeezed juice, and all sorts of fish and meat options.  We took some fruit to go and ate it while on our tour.  It was really fresh.This review is only for the lunch market upstairs....
Came here for lunch one day with a friend. Walked around trying to decide what I wanted. Circled tons of times and decided on one of the sandwiches. Stood in line, and stood in line, and stood in line some more.... LOL! It was moving pretty slow. Two people were at the register, another person was preparing the plates, and I believe one person was running the food. I have no idea why they needed 2 people at one register! He should be helping the guy prepping the food so it could move along a lil faster.
Anyway, I ordered one of the sandwiches in their display with a drink, salad, and chips. SOOO Expensive for it! I mean, if it wasn't a sandwich type of lunch, ok, the price would be ok, but it was a sandwich! I should not be paying xx amount over for a sandwich! My chips were so not consistent. I had some really good ones, but then I ate a really soggy one and then the next bite was a burnt one. Who made these?!?! The flavoring/seasoning was good though. Sandwich...I had better. And the salad that came with it was meh. The dressing was good, but there was nothing to the salad portion. Maybe the guy prepping my plate forgot to add tomatos or other ingredients, but I only got lettuce!
I heard great things about the market downstairs though, so maybe next time, I will go there instead!The Dean & DeLuca of Philadelphia! We use to frequent Di Bruno's little cheese shop in the Italian market, but then... they opened a great big gourmet food store in Rittenhouse! Wow! We have been regular customers for years, buying cakes, lunch, breakfast, cookies, chocolates, pasta, dinner, frozen ravioli, tons of cheese, salami, fish, sausages, you name it we've probably bought it! They even sell Wekerly's ice cream sandwiches!!! :)) 
Today I popped in for shamrock cookies, it's St Patrick's day after all, and I did not buy the kids green bagels or shamrock shakes..I also did not make a mess of lucky charms and spilled milk before breakfast to blame on a naughty Leprechaun..so this is our token last minute lucky green family food today! 
Definitely visit for the cheese, the selection is vast and the cheese monger always lets us taste the cheeses, there are often little cups of cheese slices perched next to the cheese tables to sample too. Everyone is very friendly, and it's the best gourmet food shop in town! 
Great location too, two blocks from Rittenhouse square.This place is a smorgasbord of tasty delights!  Being a gourmet market its a little more pricey than what you usually see, but well, well worth it.
Our steaks (filet mignon and ribeye) were some of the best and most tender I think I've ever bought, and even better than many I've had at restaurants.  I've also tried some of their breaded jumbo shrimp, which was really tasty as well, and I generally don't even like jumbo shrimp that much (the texture kinda grosses me out). 
They even had some great-looking dry-aged ribeye, but I'm wary of preparing it at home myself.  One day, I'm sure Ill cave and pick some up though!  I also saw fresh organic chicken cuts which I love but generally have a hard time finding on a consistent basis.
There are more cheeses than you could ever hope for, and walls stocked with rubs, spices, dressings,and marinades.
Its great for lunches, too!  There is a wide variety of paninis, sandwiches, salads and sushi.  Check out the upstairs dining area for some lunch dishes, too.Cronuts!! They were delicous. Something for eveyone, if you are a out of towner. This is like Dean and Deluca,  if you can relate to this. 
When ever we come up this is where we have our quick grab for breakfast. Before shopping! 
Such a wide variety of choices. Bagels, muffins, croisants, cronuts... these run out fast. But there are other choices yogurt and juices. I believe there is also fruit . 
We always come back.This wonderful store is Philly's Dean and DeLuca.  An oustanding gourmet market with nice selection of gourmet items and pleasing shopping atmosphere. Customer service was friendly and knowlegeable. The highlights would be the cheese selection along with the meat and seafood sections. The cheese selection is the best Philly has to offer and is the most impressive I have seen outside of Murray's in NYC or Dean and DeLuca's in NYC. If you love cheese this is the place for you if you visit or live in the Philly area. 
Like Dean and DeLuca its very expensive but then again most foodies including myself would say you get what you pay for when comes to quality food items. Top notch ingredients and products will always cost more unless you are buying from a local farmer's market.
Overall, this is probably this best gourmet food store shopping experience Philly has to offer and anyone with interest in high-quality gourmet items will not be disappointed.A delightful shop to pick up specialty foods that aren't in the usual box supermarket. I visit when I'm in Rittenhouse  for a snack or small meal. The price point is too high for usual shopping, but I love to visit the deli for an impromptu picnic in Rittenhouse Park. I have also been blessed with gifts from Di Bruno's. It's a treat to go and a crowd pleaser for visitors.I LOVE DiBruno Brothers. The selection is fantastic and the quality is outstanding. All the employees are super friendly and always looking I help you. The atmosphere is great- when you walk in the door, it almost feels like you've be tab transported back to the 50's. I love it!!One of the best supermarkets/deli's I have been to!
I sampled chocolate covered salame, two ridiculous fig spreads and enough cheese samples to keep me from moving my bowels for several days.
I also got a tomato pie slice which people in Philly don't seem to appreciate.  Very few places in NY and Boston offer that - why?  
If you are really Italian your grandmother probably made you a delicious and greasy tomato pie when you got sent over to her house on the weekends....I always had to take my shirt off when eating it so I wouldn't get tomato on my clothes!
My slice at DiBruno was top notch....and I didn't take my shirt off since I now have a generous pair of man-melons. 
Since I'm a disgusting, sloppy, sorry excuse for a human,  I am going to make DiBruno Brothers one of my top sites to see whenever I'm in Philly.  Screw the Liberty Bell and f*%@k Betsy Ross - DiBruno's is my America!A gourmet market and food court for the finest of foodies.  Going here for the free samples is worth it alone.A gourmet market between my apartment and the train station that sells bread, cheese and cake?  How could I not be a fan?!  Note that the prices are higher than ever the rest of the corner markets arount Center City, but quality is also way above average.  I wish they had organic produce though.I loved the store the first few times I went there but now after having been sexually harassed by the cheese mongers... it's ok.
The store is impressive but it's incredibly pretentious, filled with yuppies, and their prepared food should be performing lewd acts on you for what you pay.Di Bruno Brothers:
They have some good cheese, but most
food seems overpriced.Stopped in just for lunch. Great prices and cool atmosphere. Margherita pizza and mushroom were the two we had.Oh my - talk about overwhelming! Great selection of take out items and various other gourmet food items. I carried out a dessert and a soda. I thought prices were a little high but the dessert was delish and shopping was a great experienceI love the grocery store, a little pricey, but having mixed feelings realizing that the shrimp in the shrimp salad I just bought are not deveined. Wouldn't mind them being open later, and some sort of salads made to order or a salad bar.To me, this place is heaven. 
Having never set foot in DiBruno Brothers before, my mom and I decided to go check it out for lunch while doing some Christmas shopping in the city.  When you first walk in, it's a little bit intimidating because of the hustle and bustle going on, but once you start walking around and looking at all the great things they have to offer, it's all good.  The assortment of food was incredible and the samples that were being given out were awesome.  There's a special place in my heart for any place that offers store-made sopressata and lobster mac & cheese.
And yes, it's pricey here, but the food is worth every penny.  I will definitely be returning!This review is about the cafe only. I got the bolognese and at best, it was a step above corporate cafeteria. The pasta was totally overboiled and fell apart on the fork. The temperatures were complete microwave: boiling in pockets, and watery-leftovers cool in others. It was drowning in cream sauce whose main ingredients were 30 lbs of salt and cream. Paired with crappy coca-cola corp iced tea from the fountain and that will be $14 please. The other cafe items looked on a par with the pre-prepared italian food in Reading Terminal. In other words, salty, weirdly unfresh, corporate catering quality, and basically, regret on a plate. Only here it's 30% pricier. Not special or delicious and it felt like a waste.Not sure what's happened to De Bruno's...first off, where are the Italians? Where are the crowds there used to be?  The bread used for my sandwich was short for a hoagie/hero and just the lowest quality made, the honey mustard sauce AND the horseradish sauce didn't cling to my sandwich, they dripped out like salad dressing! De Bruno's taught many about the best of the best food that's out there...but your standards have gone down. I heard you promoted the last Manager you had (he was great) but please bring him back and up your sandwich game with quality breads, superior spreads and creative things to top it with. Your customers expect the best. Please improve!!!!I hit up dibrunos whenever I go to someones place and feel like I should bring something, definitely a crowd pleaser. The cheese selection is to die for! My favorites are the Prima Donna and Lamuse, clearly a huge fan of Gouda. You can talk to the people working and they'll let you sample the cheeses until you find one you like and you can get as much or as little as you want. 
Also the lunch specials are good too. I love the crab cake sandwich that comes with 2 sides for 10 bucks.DO NOT GO HERE HUNGRY....unless, of course, you are ok with leaving there spending $100 on cheese and Italian meats.  Or, alternately, if you plan to head upstairs to enjoy breakfast or lunch in their cafe...which I highly recommend.
What a fun place to go and look at food porn!  Beautiful, beautiful meats, cheeses, desserts, prepared foods.....yes, pricey, but you leave there excited that your one small bag contains $100 of tasty amazingness.
The cheesemongers are excellent, they let you try all the cheeses before you buy (as most good cheese places do) but also are great to help you put together a stunning cheese plate that's sure to impress any gourmond guest (I've had a few self-proclaimed "gourmonds" in my home...snooty, but that is neither here nor there) that may come through your door.
I love the hustle and bustle here too, it's always busy, and when you come in here you think "I LOVE Philly!"I wish there was a 3.5 option. DiBruno's has great meats, cheese, fish & pies, but they are *very* pricey; good for a special occasion. Not a huge selection of produce & it's not always the freshest. The coffee is not the best & the pastries sit under themps too long...also, coffee staff has been slow & not particularly helpful. On at least 2 occasions, they've passed an order off to someone else and then no one worked on. The staff in the rest of the store is friendlier, peppier & more helpful.One of the most perfect gourmet grocery stores in Philly. The entire staff is super friendly - right from the butcher to the fish guy to the cheese folks to the folks works the hot food section to the cashier.
The food is alwasy fresh and delectable.
The cheese selection could put any cheese lover in delighted squels. And the best part is that every single cheese can be sampled.
When I wanted to take some back home - I could select the exact quantity for any of them and they vacuum sealed it for me on the spot.
The butchers always dole out advice on how to best cook certain cuts of meat.
I rely on them for pizza dough & pizza sauce as well - when I crave home-made pizza.
Dough is fresh - unlike what I would get at a TraderJoes.
A little on the expensive side - but for the location and quality of food it is worth it.What everyone else said --  Wonderful variety, nice samples, basically a center city disneyland for foodies.  
Annnd...This is the ONE place in  America I have found to date that sells kinder milk chocolate bars (near the register)...not just the hazelnut kinder bueno bars, which are available at a few indepndent produce/international stores....but the original kinder bars that I redefined my standards for chocolate when I studied abroad in England. That little joyous discovery is the reason for the 5th star.I know DiBruno Bros. can be expensive... okay, IS expensive, but man does it rule. There are so many awesome cheeses to choose from, plus the peeps who work there are more than happy to answer any questions you might have.
The prepared foods are also very good, and you can find just about any gourmet Italian item you could ever possibly want.
Make sure you always check the prices, however. I bought this awesome white chocolate bar with ground up coffee beans in it and some other fancy nonsense, and while it was delicious, I had no idea that it was $8 until I got to the register and was rung up. Yes, I said $8 for a bar of chocolate.
Still, as annoyed as I was by that, it's hard to stay angry for long when there's so much good stuff there.Great coffee. Awesome pastries. A cute little brunch spot. Slightly overpriced groceries.Though I am now vegan, I used to come all the way from DC just to buy cheese and the excellent charcuterie that this establishment provides.  The quality and quantity of food products that DiBrunos provides is overwhelming to say the least, and the staff is knowledgeable and very helpful.  The entire stores reminds me of Picks in Milan.  Please, open a store in DC for my carnivore friends, because if they must eat meat and cheese, it should be top notch.Nirvana for the foodie.. all I need to say! I am a foodie.. I love to eat.. and explore all foods.. this place is a culinary delight.. the cheese section reminds me of some fromageries in Paris ... the meat area has samples of pancettas, proscuittos, salamis.. there must be a zillion olive oils.. IF I lived in Philly, I'd frequent this place for dinner parties ...but since I am here for work and need my gourmet, yet healthy fix, this does it for me. The section of salads makes me happy. Many come in large and small. The small is a like a large to me and about half the cost.. There are freshly made soups .. breads... coffee.. hot foods ... I can't get enough.. I even purchased a Swiss fondue set (ceramic ) for only $48 for my parents here.. (they generally run about $110 via WSonoma)... score :)A great grocery type store in the middle of the City Center! Now don't expect to do your grocery shopping here by any means, it's not a Whole Foods or Trader Joe's, but they do have a simple produce section for fruits and vegtables. They also have a great bakery, cheeses, and pastas to choose from. I never ate at the cafe or the lunch area they have, but it looked quite tasty.
Overall, it's a very quaint and cute little market to pick up a few things you might need. A little on the pricier end, but it's also very high quality and you get to see a few interesting items here and there (they had some fried pasta chips that were good). Interesting to see how the other side lives.If I were rating Di Bruno Brothers for the variety of food, they would get 5 stars.  Service would also get a 5.  They pretty much have everything from specialty cheeses, meat, desserts, breads, coffee, etc.  Everything is also really fresh so if you want something for a special occasion; go there!  You can also get delish sandwiches and salads.  Need dinner in a flash, you will look like a gourmet if you buy their prepared foods.  You will find something unusual and potentially delicious every time you go there.  That is the good news.  Now for the reasons why you should curb your cravings for Di Bruno Brothers.  The pastries are a major disappointment.  We ordered up two cupcakes that looked yummy but tasted like I had bought them at a chain grocery store.  Four bucks each; my bad!  So inferior, we tossed them.  Prices are off the scale here.  Try $10-12 for a pint of soup and $10-12 for a sandwich.  Cheeses are equally expensive and so is everything  else.  This is why it makes me sad when I go into this chain.  If their prices were better, I would come in more often.  I feel like I am buying dinner at a fancy restaurant rather than going to a specialty Italian gourmet shop when I wander up to the cashier.  I guess you pay a premium for the convenience of having everything under one roof.  Too bad.I had pignori cookie from there that was good, and their olive bread is pretty good. 
 Deli section of the place has a lot of good thing. My husband bought a spanakopita which looked so good. 
 Only bad thing is, you can't leave empty handed. Bad for diet. Good for your tummy.This is an amazing gourmet food store, and a must visit. They have everything from prepared foods, cakes, breads, cheeses, a butcher counter, cured meats...you get it. The store is always bustling, and there is so much to look at. Yes, it is a little pricey, but you're worth it!Francis H is right. Although some may say that the consumer is the only one who can judge whether the cheese is ready, that it's a matter of preference, I have bought things  on more than one occasion that were past it. Yes, ammoniac. I've eaten some of these cheeses in some very fine restaurants overseas known for their affinage, and I know what these cheeses are supposed to taste like at their peak. But eff me! These guys really don't care whether you don't know Kraft from Laughing Cow, they're there to sell, sell, sell. All the goods are expensive, some unnecessarily so. But they do have siome stuff you can't find anywhere else. Oh, well. (BTW, don't get anything in open bins that people standing in line talk over and poke around in. That's just gross.)I've gotten different kinds of gourmet sausages and cheeses here and they were pretty tasty.  I've had the cakes here as well which are awesome.  My favorite was the chocolate mousse cake.  The cupcakes and biscotti are just ok (I'd rather go to Brown Betty and Colombe).  I've also gotten pasta here which was pretty good but nothing truly exceptional.
They have a nice outdoor seating area and the "grocery" and cafe is downstairs while there is more seating upstairs.  It is very much like Dean & Deluca in NYC but with a less UES-sterile, more rustic feel.  I see people hanging out here (inside and outside) all the time.  The coffee is ok...they carry a lot of interesting things so come check it out.  It's definitely pricey though.Great, spacious gourmet market in Center City.  They carry it all, elaborate, fancy cheeses and meats for charcuterie, fresh veggies and fruits, and an extensive pastry and breads assortment accompanied by a coffee bar.. Yum!
There's a few seats both indoors and out, perfect for enjoying that slice of cake and iced coffee.This place was a piece of heaven - especially for someone who has a strong obession with cheese, meat and all things italian. Each day the past salads and sandiwches were made fresh and encourage you to drool when just looking. Seafood to meat to cheese to desserts to sushi. You name it they had it. Seating at the store is limited and you will probably have to fight for a seat both inside and outside. I loved to go here then walk back to Rittenhouse Park and have a little euro style pinic. 
It is just fabulous! Enjoy.Ate at the cafe for lunch.  The pizza was excellent and my kids enjoyed it but the sandwiches were just ok.  My husband had the crab cake sandwich.  It was very citrus-y for taste and a lot of bread but not a lot of crab cake.  I had chosen a chorizo sandwich for the manchego cheese and pulled chicken that it came with.  Chicken was dry and too much bread for me.  The side salads were very small with a ton of olives and not enough lettuce for our tastes,  Ok but for the price not worth a return visit.Not really sure if this is the right place to post, but could not find the location we visited at Samson and 10th.  Usually go to the Rittenhouse location, but downtown at the Walnut theater and this very small location is just around the corner.
First, customer service here is absolutely the best.  Prices are high, but quality is also very high.  This place does not have the full line of meats and groceries found at the larger stores.  It's more a a convenience store feel.  Stop in for coffees and a sandwich or pick up snack and cheeses or amazing looking sweets.
We stopped in for coffee and soup before a show at the Walnut and the place does not let you down.  I have never tasted a truffle in my life and was curious as to what they tased like when I saw a truffle cheese in with other cheeses.  I asked for a taste and was accommodated by a very helpful lady behind the counter.  Wish I had not, because I immediately fell in love with the taste.  A small taste, but a much larger cost after the show.
Was not a fan of their Italian Wedding soup, however all other food was outstanding.  Really only taking one star away due to pricing.DiBruno Brothers is a gourmet market/charcuterie/café.  The market's produce section leaves a lot to be desired, but they make up for it with their excellent selection of gourmet imported cheeses.  They have plenty of samples available and the staff seem very helpful. They also have a small bakery with cakes, etc. that looks promising, a great selection of fresh and dried pastas, fresh bread, pastries, coffees, olives, sandwiches and salads, and italian/gourmet groceries.    
Upstairs is a lovely café that serves up a moderately priced weekend brunch.  The atmosphere in the café is really upscale and refreshing.   The best part is that it doesn't seem to get crowded.  The way it works is that you go up to one of two counters to place your order.  They give you a number and then bring you your food/ drinks.    For brunch, they make fresh omelets and waffles.  I had a waffle, which was perfectly golden brown, crispy, and fluffy.  I also ordered a cappuccino that was topped with freshly ground nutmeg.  The espresso was well-rounded, the milk was well-frothed, and the ratio of milk/froth and milk/espresso were near perfect.  I really appreciate the fact that they pay careful attention to the preparation of their food - everything is meticulously prepared.  In addition to waffles and omelets, they offer up a spread of gourmet sandwiches, pommes frites, french toast, potato pancakes, freshly-bakes pizzas and gourmet drinks.  I think I'm going to start coming here every weekend.I love Di Bruno Bros (esp. the Italian Market location).  I have one complaint though.  The Rittenhouse location has not quite figured out how to deal with using gift cards.  Every time I try to use a gift card, it is a long, complicated process.  I hope they can fix this!When visitors come to Philly, Dibruno's is officially part of the tour.  I know the original store would be more historic, but the fact that I have such a wonderful little market just a few blocks from my apartment is quite a gem.  I can't afford to come here often - but perhaps that makes my infrequent visits even better.  
Some of my favorite things:
- The pre-packaged bean salads, fresh mozzarella and other veggie options in their fridge (you can pick up a nice portion for under $5 and have a quick and healthy lunch/dinner).
- Cheese.  duh.  I've recently discovered they're great with recommendations too -- providing me with a great excuse to spend a little more than usual (it's an educational experience!)
- Mini crab cakes with their special aioli dressing.... try them....I recently got some appetizers from their catering department, and everyone LOVED the crab cakes and the chicken satay sticks (apparently their peanut sauce is incredible too).
Since they serve fresh delicious food and they're really friendly, I can forgive them for being so pricey.My only resolution for 2013 is to learn something non-scholastic this year. And, considering my proximity to a veritable cheese mecca, it almost seems silly for it not to be cheese.  So, don't be surprised to see me haunting the fromage counter quite often this year.  
Luckily, the mongers of cheese at DiBruno are not only Pros as far as their cheese knowledge and expertise in suggested pairings, they're also some of the nicest folks out there. Not sure what a cheese is? Ask them, they'll explain (and give you a taste). Trying to compare two different styles for that dreamy cheese plate you're concocting? Let em know, they'll join you in taste testing both.  Just a little peckish before lunch? Grab a taste. Seriously, you don't even need an excuse.  It's wins all-around.  And, the thing is, even if DiBruno was limited only to the cheese counter, I'd be happy as a clam.
Luckily (for all of us), there is so much more. Assorted meats for slicing and charcuterie, prepared EVERYTHING so that you can Picnic in the Park with ease and convenience. Their bakery department is always chock-full of carby goodness, and the desserts.... oh baby. Chocolates to please any palate, sweet cupcakes and cannolis, you could just ogle for days.  But, at some point, do yourself a favor and buy something.
I know, I know, it seems pricey. But, as a great man (a fictional man played by Aziz Ansari) once (several times) said: Treat Yo Self. 
I don't think I could do all of (or even 10% of) my shopping for various foodstuffs at DiBruno (unless I stopped paying rent...) but, as far as a special treat when I'm gunning for gourmet, this is my go-to. And, chances are, if you're strolling around during lunchtime or on the weekends, you'll probably end up getting enough free samples to act as a gratis amuse bouche.  And who's not into that?I usually feel incredibly overwhelmed at the cheese counter, but David, helped me to find the cheeses and spreads I needed for the holidays completely stress free! My husband is a chef in town and David helped me find some unusual cheese selections to really knock his socks off! David is such a sweet guy and Dibrunos is lucky to have him as a part of their staff. Thank you, David!Excellent Deli 
I stopped here for lunch to get a sub after it was recommended by some locals. This is definitely one of the better subs I've ever had. They had a few options for toppings but it wasn't as plentiful as I would have liked.  
Overall, this was a good stop for lunch although a bit pricey.I would have given this 5 stars, but I wanted to compare it to the one in the Italian market unfavorably.  The Rittenhouse Square location is much larger, and has more stations, including a butcher/fishmonger, and even a cafeteria.  Their specialty, tasty Italian prepared foods, cheeses, and jarred stuff is just as good as the Italian Market, but....
The fish is probably not turning over as quickly as a real fishmonger, I noticed it wasn't perfect but not very smelly either.  The cafeteria had some rather uninspired food, and it needed a good cleaning.  Floors messy, tables dirty, etc.  The fresh produce section is tiny and has not much variety.  I didn't notice whether they spray the greens with water to keep them from wilting.
I suppose this is a good destination if you live a block or 2 away and don't want to go to a large grocery store, but I prefer buying from DiBruno's only what they do best.  That's why the location in the Italian Market is perfect.  They have everything they do well and none of what they don't.Review for cannoli
My taste buds went to heaven. The shell was really thin and crispy. As for the filling, I got ricotta with chocolate chips. It didn't have much chocolate chips, which was a plus because it usually overpowers the ricotta taste compared to other places. It's a bit expensive, but the size of the shell makes up for it; bigger than your average cannoli shell size.  They only have one size and one flavor.Di Bruno Bros is kinda pricey, but it's a gem to have in your neighborhood.  Everything is fresh (meats, cheeses, seafood) and it's a great place to go to pick up something to make for dinner last-minute.  You will pay more for what you get at Di Bruno's, but everything here is gourmet-quality.
If for no other reason, head to Di Bruno Bros for the cheese counter...and ask to sample!  I was in there two weeks ago and the guy behind the counter was so friendly and open to letting me sample anything before I bought.  It was a lot of fun!  Or - pick up a sandwich made fresh on crusty bread and head out to Rittenhouse Square on a nice day for lunch in the park!Sometimes less is better.
Unsurpassed cheese variety and selection.
Gourmet dishes with a "home made" appeal.
Pastries to die for.
Very impressive meats.
I'm a fan!Friendly service , unique offerings, fresh products. It's expensive no doubt, but it's a good place to go if you have what I call a "caviar craving " - for something luxe and decadent like a fat steak, fine cheese, or fancy chocolate.I love you, Di Bruno's, but right now I want to rant about the croissants, in the hope that someone there will read this and shake things up,  Dudes -- these are the worst croissants I've ever tasted in my life.  They taste like frozen dinner rolls left in the refrigerator overnight.  How can you sell so much amazing stuff and not be embarrassed by these croissants???This place is heaven. My life aspiration is to be mayor of Di Brunos on Foursquare.
Where to begin? This place is especially known for the cheese counter which is great both because of the selection and quality, and because of the staff. Because they age a lot of their own cheese, everyone who works there is really knowledgeable, which is great because the selection can be overwhelming.
The prepared foods are as good as prepared foods ever are. Everything else is all around solid (and priced like you'd expect from a gourmet market).
Don't forget sea salt caramels on the way out. To. Die. For. (They have them both at the register and at the bakery counter).This is foodie heaven. If you do nothing else, visit the cheese room in the back, a heaven of free samples and aged cheeses. Try the 13-year old gouda; it's expensive, but worth it! It will crackle and melt on your tongue like nothing else.
My other favorite takeout food at DiBruno's is the black-and-white cookies. Even New Yorkers will approve of their spongy goodness.
The DiBruno's cafe upstairs is a great spot for a light lunch (I like to take my mother there). A little pricy, to be sure, but the quality of the food is high. Alternatively, buy a bag of goodies in the market downstairs and go nosh and people-watch in Rittenhouse Square! (This reviewer is not responsible for squirrels or bike messengers stealing your gouda.)I come here on the reg, which is bad, because everything is so overpriced here. But honestly, considering the foodie I am, I geek out walking through the different aisles and looking at all the bomb ass food items they have stocked! I'm a little upset that their ice cream stock is currently downsized (they used to sell a bunch of ice cream sandwiches from Weckerly's, but now their selection seems a lot more limited). However, some of my favorites in this place are Pequea yogurt, pasta, Michele's granola, and Philly-made chocolates. I wouldn't recommend buying all your groceries here, but Di Bruno's is a nice place to visit for your specialty items.Very nice deli. High quality meats and cheeses. The bread is excellent too. I would recommend grabbing a few sandwiches or cheese and crackers and heading over to John F. Collins park about 10 ft away to enjoy a very nice lunch. Their prepared food is really good too.Perché Di Bruno Bros. così impressionante?
E 'la selezione di formaggi bene?
No.
E 'le olive?
No.
E 'il delizioso assortimento di caramelle?
No.
E 'la scelta di carni?
No.
E 'ottenuto di essere la pasta poi.
No.
Sei sicuro che non è la caramella?
No, non è la caramella.
Sono i campionamenti. Deve essere dei campioni.
No.
E 'la caramella. E 'ottenuto di essere la caramella.
No.
Il denaro, è ottenuto di essere la caramella.
La caramella.Ok, so this is a review of their bakery department, as they have screwed me over 1 too many times!!!
So January, i ordered a custom cake for my boyfriend 3 days in advance. When i show up to pick up the cake, no one can find it. I wait and wait and wait and the manager is walking around trying to find the cake, no sign of it. Then 20 minutes later, the manager comes over and tells me that they never made the cake. Apparently someone "misfiled" my order form and it never got made. Great.... He told me that I could pick any cake of out the display case (who knows how long they were sitting there) and he would write any message I wanted on it, on the house. So, i'm like, ok, completely understanding that mistakes like this can happen. Well then it takes another 20 minutes for someone to write "Happy Birthday" on the cake, and while doing it, he takes a phone call, jots down an order, etc. I'm just standing there waiting and waiting... I finally leave the place with a cake that i didn't want, about 1hr late getting to the birthday party, but at least the cake was free, right???
well 5 months later, for my birthday, my boyfriend orders a cake for me from Dibruno and when we go pick it up, lo and behold, there was no cake for us! So again, they send out a search party to find the cake, and it's missing. And again, we find out that the cake was never even made!  The dude who took the order was there (and he remembered us), they had the order form, the cake was ordered well in advance, where was my cake? And so the manager (a different one) says there was a mix up, and just takes a cake out of the display case and asks us what we want written on it. After making the sourest face possible, the dude tells me that he'll throw in an extra cake at no cost. So I get 2 stale end-of-the-day cakes for the price of one. oh lucky me.
so my question is, how does this happen twice to the same person? and is there anyone in the back making custom cakes?? i've never been cakeless anywhere except here. not even at Superfresh! 
and as a side note,  the coconut creme cake sucks. weighs like 10lbs a slice, dry, and flavorless. that "free" cake went straight into the garbage.Mmmmm, cheeeese. I love cheese. I know nothing about cheese, but personally, the stinkier it is, the more I will love it and Di Bruno Bros has a great selection of stinky cheeses!
My girlfriend and I stopped by one afternoon for a light snack. We got a sheep's milk cheese which I forgot the name of, but it tasted extremely strong. So delicious. It might have been a bit too strong, but it went well with our Italian Boule. 
We also got some prosciutto to go along with our cheese. Sadly, the man behind the glass today did not want to neatly set the thinly sliced, aromatic and devilishly tasty prosciutto onto the paper. It was clumpy here and there and was just a burden to peel it off without getting messy. That is my only gripe about it, and hence the dropping of a star.
I have gone here before, not many of times, but enough to know that it is not always like that. But hey, consistency is a good trait, and that day, not so much. It won't stop be from coming back though!Make every effort to stop in if in area.  A more modern and up-scale atmosphere than in the Italian Market shop.  More of a specialty supermarket atmosphere.  All foods in the market section are top of the line and just a little too pricy for me.  Although I have been known to buy their cheeses and breads.  
The real draw here is the upstairs cafeteria type restaurant.  Great for lunch or a quick bite before heading out on the town or going to a show a few blocks away.  If time permits we go to Di Brunos for a light lunch walking all the way from the Walnut St Theater.  That's how good it is.  Try their salads and soups.  Specialty sandwiches are also very good.  Restaurant area seems more reasonably priced to me.Amazing!
They have everything and raw milk and non homogenized milk!!!!
Super love this place!An awesome Italian Cheese Shop started by three Italian brothers, located in South Philly... they have an extensive selection of imported and domestic cheeses, gourmet meats, olive oils and other specialty items.  The second floor offers an upscale casual cafe offering daily lunch service and weekend brunch.... yuuuummm...This place is fantastic. There is so much to get and there are so many things that attracts one eye. I have been a couple times and enjoyed both experience. Yes, experiences. I have made my trips to this grocer just that by exploring the store and tasting this, that and the other. On my most recent visit I purchased a few items, but the stand outs were a Iberico Charcuterie Ham which was divine, a loaf of bread and some cheeses. One is encouraged to try the cheeses and meats before purchasing them which is great. Trust me, you won't feel cheated on any tastes because they give you a nice portion which is a true bite rather than a rabbit's nibble. When it comes to cheese I very much enjoyed a wash rind Obuelet and the Montgomery Cheddar. The cheese mongers are knowledgeable and not only willing, but wanting to help as much as possible. The cheddar is great and probably one of my favorite ones. I would make sure to get a big chunk of this since it keeps so well. I can't wait to go back and when I do I will be getting that Iberico Ham and Montgomery Cheddar. Maybe even some specialty chocolate or drinks too. Five stars without a doubt for this small market in itself.This has become a regular stop for me in the mornings - coffee, fresh fruit and an occasional treat for the office folks.  The staff is very friendly and knowledgeable and will go out of their way to help if you ask.  This being the city, you will find an occasional wild haired head case wandering in, but the price point (or the voices in their head) usually scares them away. Don't let that dissuade you  - this is a gourmet market / cafe that is well worth your patronage.The only decent grocery store I have found in Philadelphia, Di Bruno Bros. has most essentials and a great pre-made selection. Put a couple items together and their friendly staff will warm them up for you and you'll come away with a very reasonable delicious lunch.
Their selection of specialty food is overwhelming and wonderful. Everything else, including basics, seems to be relatively expensive for no reason. The check-out is a little goofy and the cashiers seem grumpy sometimes from having to flag down newbies.Oh, it's expensive all right. I'm always wiling to throw down for their cheese, cured meats, smoked fish, patés and gourmet food stuff but everything else is overpriced city.
$3 for a yellow bell pepper? almost $2 for a vidalia onion? That's highway robbery!  Though it's convenient and fresh, avoid buying produce here and go to Sue's just down the street.This is for the catering division.  Have ordered about 10 times this year (2014) always get prompt and courteous service from Matt.  Great food and my peeps always rave about it.i do not want to go on adding all the wonderful different things you can find here neither have I had any horrible experience with this establishment. 
Recently I found myself enjoying a nice conversation with a friend and we decided to sit down in their bar area on the inside near the entrance and exit. 
Nothing bad happened, but I went to throw out the plastic bottles and did not notice a recycling bin. I was surprised since next to the entrance they sell you bags so that you do not have to ask for plastic. Furthermore, they have all this food made with organic ingredients and new age waters. 
I went to the counter and asked where could I find the recycling container, so I could discard of the bottles. They told me that they did not recycle. 
THEY DO NOT RECYCLE! 
SO, DOES THAT MEAN THAT THE BAGS YOU SELL UP FRONT ARE JUST ANOTHER GIMMICK? 
Either way I held the bottle for so long in my hand that I started reading the label more carefully. My expensive organic water that I bought at Di Bruno Bros. was produced in a suburban town not that far from the city congestion. My Ayala Herbal Water was probably no different from my tap water at home. 
Long Live Truly Organic Food and Beverages!!!!Three things for which I'll make a special trip from DC to Philly: 1)  my boyfriend. 2) my dentist, and 3) DiBrunos. 
As I'm terribly lactose intolerant, I'm always impressed by the selection of fine goat cheeses they have as well as the knowledgeable cheese section attendants. The upstairs cafeteria is awesome. And their coffee...Easily the best of it's class in Philadelphia.  From the gourmet variety in the store, to the amazing customer service within each department, Di Bruno Brothers is tops.   What I like best, is the fact you can get REAL help, lots of samples to compare and excellent suggestions on types of cheese, meats and anti-pasta, based on the event, or meal you'll be serving. The Abruzzi cheese spread is a personal favorite, as is the country style pate and cold-smoked, Scottish salmon.  Delish!  
*Avoid Saturday/Sunday afternoons and holidays, when the place is jam packed.  Instead, try off-hours, ensuring you get full-service support and a chance to really explore the aisles!Been here a bunch. 
Today for lunch I had the chicken cutlet sandwich. It would have been better if the chicken was warm or hot, but it was still pretty good. 
The amount of meat they put on their sandwiches is offensively huge and at $9, it should be. 
I'm not really into buying imported Italian products, but I will get a sandwich and coffee there anytime.Had a smores pastry and a mocha latte and both were average. Wife had vanilla cupcake and a pair of buckeyes. She felt her deserts were excellent.Some of the best nothern italian comfort food I have ever enjoyed outside of my grandmother's kitchen. Upstairs for lunch is a MUST as a destination all its own, or if you're in the neighborhood for any other reason. For variety, I prefer the entree and salad bar to the right as you come up the steps. Delicious food, healthy (if you so choose ;-), friendly staff and worth every penny.I am in love with this place.  I came and picked up some amazing prosciutto to snack on and then some cheese.
The cheese guy is, no joke, is very passionate about what he does and his cheese.  I came here for a triple cream and the guy was like...if you like that, you should try this!  He would just grab a random cheese and a spoon and let you try some.  After some sampling, I walked out as an extremely satisfied customer with a thick slab of Casatica (sp?).     Oh...on the side note, if you turn down free samples from the cheese guy, you might hurt his feelings. ;)
The samples aren't just in the cheese dept.  They have samples everywhere so you know what you are getting or you can try something new.  Even though, I'm paying a hefty price for whatever it is I'm getting, I know I'll enjoy it and won't be disappointed.
Wallets beware.Ok I should have taken the picture first but this turkey Cobb salad is to die for.. for $10 the portion was very agreeable, especially for me since I always eat alot and look for value. Helpful hint, try the upstairs area.super expensive.... really good quality food for the most part but at very high prices.Well,what can I say? This is an amazing specialty grocery store with a really high price tag. The staff are very friendly and helpful. They always have some stations set up for food tasting. And you can buy a fresh lunch meal and go upstairs to eat. With several check-ins, you get 10% off your purchases.
My favorite corner is the market cheeses. The staff are very knowledgeable with cheese deliveries from all over the world. The selection of prepared food are delicious as well as the variety of breads. If you are looking for specialty chocolate or honey, look no farther.
Overall, this is one of my favorite specialty grocery shops in Philly. Just one of those places I go to when treating guests.How can you not love Di Brunos?  The food is fantastic, and it's an overall excellent place to shop.  Yes, the prices are higher, but it's a SPECIALTY FOOD STORE.  They're selling cheese, meat, seafood and prepared food items that would cost a small fortune anywhere, especially when you consider the high quality.  The staff is friendly and extremely helpful; any time I have called to check the availability of an item, they've been very polite and quick about it on the phone.  I highly recommend it.I love this place!  They now make fritatta and it is to die for. I will go completely out of my way to stop at DiBruno Bros on the way to work. Sooooo delicious! Everyone is so pleasant and cheerful you can't help but to smile along with them. Tried the bacon, spinach, cheddar fritatta today. Wow!  It was the best!I've been going to the one in the Italian market for over twenty years and have been to the one in center city since it opened. There are obviously reasons to appreciate what you can get, even if it is expensive. 
Meats: Pretty good but overpriced.
Fish: Very mediocre and ridiculously overpriced. 
Salumni: decent...
Dry goods (olive oil, salted anchovies, vinegars, etc.): pretty good. 
Cheese: OK, this is where I get annoyed since is their claim to fame. The selection is obviously very good. And the price, well, it's just the way it is. What pisses me off is that almost all of the soft cheeses from France (cow of goat)--which cost $20-40/lb. are completely utterly shot. And they don't know this, or they pretend not to know this. They even have cheeses that, as they say, "we age ourselves." 
No you don't, you ruin them. They aren't edible when you are done with them. 
See, here's the deal. Contrary to what they will tell you, cheese is not supposed to taste/smell like ammonia. If it does, it wasn't conditioned properly. And unfortunately, almost all their soft cheeses have been poorly stored. Which is why I recommend that you buy their raw milk American cheeses. These are ridiculously expensive, but as a general rule they are better than the French ones because they have been aged by the cheese maker and then shipped to DBs. So no chance for Di Bruno's to ruin the cheese. You'll notice that these cheeses can be strong...nutty, buttery, earthy, whatever the profile is. But NO ammonia flavors! Why, because that's the sign that a cheese is bad.
Here's an experiment for you. By a camembert. Leave it on top of your fridge for a week (this is reproducing the poor storage conditions--in the fridge is poor storage conditions as well, only there it will just dry out and die). Now smell the cheese (actually, you'll be able to smell it within two days). Now taste it. Yuk. It tastes like ammonia. This is not a desirable taste. Maybe someone told you it was. Nope. This cheese is now crap. You can now throw the experiment away. 
That's the taste you are getting from way too many Di Bruno cheeses. I just have to walk by their counter to see that half of them are shot (browing, drooping in the middle rather than shrinking, etc).
Buy one of the crotins de chavignol they are so proud of conditioning themselves. They are inedible. That's not what they are supposed to taste like. Aged crotin is hard as a rock, very intense, but does not taste like amonia (except at the every end of its aging cycle when it has dropped about 50% of its weight through evaporation. 
Again, aged cheese gets more intense, denser, the flavors do get stronger.  They don't taste like ammonia.
So to all the so-called cheese experts selling behind the counter or working in the background, start working and bringing in cheese that has been shipped properly and find a place to store it properly (that would be a cave--do some research on exactly what that means in terms of temperature, humidity, etc) so that when your customers buy cheese for whatever price you are charging (I'm not complaining about that part of things) that they don't have to dump it into the trash when they get home. I can't tell you how many times I've had to do that. 
And if you were wondering where I get my "authority" on the subject, aside from being an insufferable food snob who has thought about and worked with food for as long as he can remember, I grew up eating French cheese in France starting at the age of one and have been eating and enjoying it for more than 50 years. So yes, I know what I'm talking about. 
And by the way, this problem isn't unique to Di Bruno's but this review is about them and they load the bull on more than most about what they do with their cheese.
So unfortunately, again, if you do want decent soft cheeses or goats, go for the American stuff. Much less of a crap shoot. And there are some great ones. See, I'm a snob about what is good, not where it came from.I can't say enough about DiBruno Bros.  I love this place.  Knowledgeable & friendly cheesemongers who will give samples & recommendations that are right-on.  You can't go wrong with anything you buy there.  You'll pay a little more than you'd like,  but it is always worth it.DiBruno Brothers is just incredible. It's the ultimate Italian supermarket, and I prefer its approachability to the crowded and overwhelming Eataly in New York. And let's not forget.. DiBruno's came first.
Every time I am in Philadelphia, I make a special trip to either this location, or to the original small South Philly location, both of which stock their incredible cheese spreads (pesto, port wine and cheddar, garlic and herb, spicy abbruzze, etc..). When my husband was living in South Philly, and we were first dating, one of my fondest memories was when we walked around the icy February streets of the Italian market to cook a romantic Italian dinner in his apartment. We purchased the majority of the meal from DiBruno Brothers. With fresh pasta, a full meat counter, jars of sauces, fancy chocolate bars, and unique cheeses, DiBruno Brothers really has everything you need. I love this place.How about upstiars for mid-week lunch?  Boo-yeah, feels very posh and SATC when noshing on flatbread pizza and Fiji water.  I've loved DiB for meats and cheeses (and their super gelatos)  Expect to spend $10 on lunch but its cheaper than the Market at Comcast places and above ground.I love the style of this store and their food behind the glass is delicious. They have a spacious upstairs and the atmosphere makes you feel like you're in Italy. Their prices are a little overpriced which was the only downfall. Upstairs, they had breakfast by the pound that consisted of scrambled eggs, bacon, or sausage for 10.99. That's extremely steep for what is offered. I do appreciate their vegan commissary food that they sell by the pound though!Great place to get groceries. Always have great ingredients. Bought their fresh pasta and pesto today and can't wait to try it!!I like this place a lot because you can find almost everything here, even things you are not really looking for but end up buying either way.
I love the cheese selections and the cured meats. The spreads, honeys, and jams are ohhhh so delicious!!! But my favorite thing, BY FAR, is all the free samples they put out there. I think this is where I've tried the most delicious olive oil ever! I've also tried the roasted tomatoes and peppers, and the olives and all of it was delicious.
I've had food from here twice, a mushroom strudel (that was overly oily) and something I can't remember (obviously it wasn't great!).
Ohh, and they carry this amazing chocolate (KINDER) that I used to have when i was younger! You MUST try it. Check it out at the registrars.I have never come here and not been able to find what I needed.  I'm long overdue for writing this review.  
Tonight I picked up some rose water for some recipes I often make and didn't feel like making dinner so I grabbed some ready made soup (apple cheddar) and tomato & mozzarella salad with basil.  All were fantastic.  
You may have to wait awhile for the deli to slice your cheese or procuito but I promise it's worth the wait.  They've occasionally offered me a sample of the turkey or cheese I was ordering.  
The staff is endlessly friendly and willing to help with anything you may need.  The produce is fresh and the desserts delectable.  
I'm so glad to have this place so close to my flat!I got a Jewish Apple Cake and a Tuscan Boule and they were both great. I'll be back very soon to grab some bread for Christmas. This place is usually packed when I get there. That's one of those good problems I suppose.Never actually shopped here, but, had their products over the Holidays. Their soupersod (soppressata) ispretty alright, but, I noticed is mad expensive after looking at the price on the container. The mild/sweet I also expected to have a little more flavor, but, was still good. I would personally stick to South Philly stuff, though.I usually try to make it a point to come here whenever I'm in Philly for good reasons. Cheese and Vegetarian Foods! 
Whole Foods is too far from where I'm staying at, so Di'Bruno is my best option for getting gourmet food on the fly. 
I stopped by this evening, so I could bring something on my flight tomorrow. Airline food never really satisfies me, so I bought some kale, vegetarian bean burger and some rosemary garlic bruscetta to get me through the day. 
Airline travel needs to be done in true survival mode these days, so an expert jet setter's got to be prepared.  
The shop is small, but it's well stocked with high end items at high end prices. They have  freshly prepared salads, cheese plates, pastries and other gourmet take aways that are simply delicious and surprisingly affordable.
This place gets pretty crowded though, so patience is necessary when standing in line. 
Definitely a great place to have breakfast and coffee in the morning. 
4.5 stars.Yeah, it's about time I write a review. This place is around the corner from my office, and I'm pretty sure I show my face in here so often, the cashiers recognize me.
I have no shame.
This place is a cheese lover's dream. They also have a lot of amazing pastas and cold cuts. My Italian heart is happy. 
The price is a little bit steeper, but it's a specialty market. Some things are a miss (like the lobster macaroni & cheese, which I had high hopes for), but overall I've been a happy camper each time. Can we say Pasta Carmella? Oh yes, we can.Love, love, love.  Exceptional quality and selection.  Everyone is very helpful and eager to assist.  They will let you try just about anything before making a purchase.  The cafe upstairs has great lunch options, although still on the pricier side for Philly.  A great place for lunch or to grab high quality groceries.  Highly recommended.You should really go to the original loation in the Italian Market for the true experience. However, this location is HUGE and offers everything you could ever need.
Stop here before a party of holiday to grab cheese, Tupelo honey and Nutella and pretend you are a chef at Amada. 
YOU NEED TO TRY: Prima Donna cheese. I have yet to meet someone who didn't say "Wow. What's the name of this again?" It is a bit nutty. (Austin Powers accent).It is with child like wonder, I walk the tiny aeiles of Di Bruno Bros. It never seems to amaze me that this specialty store has become a main stay of my life. The quick pop in for something small, always ends up with a little more. Contemplating how much more I spent versus how much more I wanted to spend is a regular occurrence. I saunter through the store dreaming of gourmet masterpieces I would create, knowing well the obscene defilement of the beautiful ingredients is a more likely end result.
With little effort, and less skill I can produce cheese plates from my fridge which rival the best restaurants in town.
I stopped in the Saturday before Christmas to pick up the little bag of salted caramels my wife loves so much. The store was packed to capacity with every type of person and several languages being spoken. It seemed as if all humanity may have converged at this one point. Grabbing my one item(a necessity at this time) I took my place in the Noah's ark like line.  I was flabbergasted at how fast the line moved, the cashiers processed orders with an efficiency that would have shaken Henry Ford. when i got to the register, the price tag from my item was missing, the fellow at the counter suggested a price we were both comfortable with and without delay I was out the door.  Free for the moment, but forever caught in their tractor beam.All I can say is get the sharp provolone. The older the better.I admit it. I am a total food snob. There's no point in lying about it. Thankfully, DiBruno Bros. satisfies my food snobbery and it is only one block away from where I work. Everything that I have ever bought, eaten, or drank from this wonderful place has sent my tastebuds into a tizzy and as a sucker for free samples, I know that I can always ask one of their friendly staff members to cut me a slice of meat or cheese before I decide to drop beaucoup cash on it. Yes, unfortunately DiBruno's food is sold at prices that make me want to scream, "WHO DO YOU THINK I AM?! SCROOGE MCDUCK?! THE MONOPOLY GUY?!" in the middle of the store, but once I get past the initial sticker shock I decide to treat myself to something nice n' tasty. After all, I'm worth it. I work hard for my money, even if I'm not a millionaire cartoon duck.We got a catered lunch for our new student orientation from our advisor.  It is very pricey and probably nobody would eat this on a regular basis.  Good for special ocassion or when the company/school will foot the bill.  Here is what I got and you can expect the same for your catered selection.
* Turkey and brie cheese on kaiser bun 
* Fruit salad
* Terra veggie chips
I enjoyed my meal since it was sooo delicately wrapped.  Plus, I haven't had brie cheese with a sandwich for a long time.  Overall, nice lunch but pretty high for my budget.  I have to give it 3 stars because the price really hits the pocket.  For this price, we should get cavier and Perrier water.So when I'm feeling in the mood for some tasty meat (which in this family isn't too often) I will immediately head to the DiBruno's counter. They have delicious meats to pick from as well as a variety of cheeses (a cheese lover would die happy here) and quick service to boot! Their pre-made foods are tasty too, especially their Tabbouleh. Sometimes I'll enjoy a small cookie from their dessert section or a fresh roll from the bakery as well. It does get quite busy on the weekends and during lunch hours on the weekdays, but you can find quite hours like weekday mid mornings and very early weekends. They also have an upstairs cafe area and limited outdoor seating. Enjoy!Great selection of "artisan " products. The workers are very friendly , I was asked about ten times if I needed help ( as I walked around with my mouth watering). All the prepared food looks delicious and fresh. I bought some goat cheese , crackers and chocolate covered fruit I'd re buy all the items i purchased next time. I don't eat meat but the counter had a line so I'm assuming they have great offerings. Next time I'm getting something from the bakery since the baked goods looked full fat and full awesome!On December 3rd, I ordered two French Cheese plates for Christmas presents to be shipped the week of December 17th. On December 12th, I received an email that the order was shipped via FedEx. I received two tracking numbers that showed a delivery of Saturday, Dec 15th for both packages. I learned that the packages did not get shipped after calling their Customer Service Department that following Monday. I was told the orders were ready and will be shipped on Tuesday, Dec 18th. I then learned after arriving to one of the destinations that my packages were in fact sent December 21st. The arrival will not be until December 26th, after all the guests, including me have left. My purchase is now a waste.
I think they make an excellent product, however, I would not rely on their shipping service or the customer service by phone. They are refunding my shipping and agreed that I should have had more packages there by Christmas but are doing nothing further to rectify the situation. A complete refund so i could replace my gift with something local or offering to overnight me a replacement today, 12/22, would have cured the situation.
I was embarrassed not to have my hostess gift arrive before I did. Very disappointed by the lack of service. My host will be left with an enormous amount of cheese and no guest. :(I heard their cheese spread was really good and thought it would be perfect for a small get-together I was hosting.  I was pleasantly surprised by the variety Di Bruno Bros has, from fresh produce to cheeses and cheese spreads.  I got a chianti & provolone cheese spread which everyone was very happy with.  I will definitely be back for my party hosting needs and will get more next time.Yo, this place is the BOMB! The guy hooked me up with some teriyaki meat jawns that were so good, then i got some cheese. Dropped some on the floor when i got home and my dog ate it and he wouldn't stop farting for like 8 days - i was okay though.Let me tell you, there is only a couple of reasons I come back to Philadelphia, 
One of them is Di Bruno. 
You should try their brownies. Period.Love the cheese shop (5 stars).  Very knowledgeable employees who give great suggestions and always provide samples of the cheese. The crackers and meats are also great. 
Sadly don't love the rest of the store.  Prices are very high given that the food is mass prepared and refrigerated (3 chicken tenders for $12,  1 piece of lasagna is $13, etc.).  The quality of these prepared meals is okay (whole foods-esque), but not unique and certainly nothing special.  The vegetables are prohibitively expensive and not even organic!  
The staff can be pretty rude--I've been greeted with the phrase "yea, what do you want" from one of the younger guys working at the prepared foods section.  I wish they would work on improving customer service.I had a bad customer service experience at the cafe at 7:40 am. Despite opening at 7:00 am, there were no breakfast sandwiches available. I inquired and the woman behind the counter said that she had already told the person in front of me that they were "still being made upstairs." She then walked away. When I politely asked what that meant...ie, would they be ready shortly? she became visibly annoyed and responded that she had no idea how long they would take, maybe 20 minutes. This is unacceptable and I likely won't be back.It is so impressive that I found a maggot in the chili lemon pistachio!!!! 
I will upload the pics. 
FYI, never go there again~Lots to like from cheese to meats, to pre prepared food. A little pricey for me though.I love just stopping by here and walking through the place- especially when the free samples are out. It's such a sensory overload. I always manage to stumble on some new product or ingredient that I've only ever read about, but never seen. The cheese selection is topnotch, and the cheese mongers really know their stuff. i appreciate it when they offer to let me taste whatever I'm fancying that day. Granted, I usually end up buying a big hunk because it's just so delicious. I also like how they sell Calabro ricotta. It is my absolute favorite eat-right-out-of-the-tub ricotta, and it is so difficult to find around here. 
The sandwiches are pretty good, but I wish the bread was a little more interesting. I usually get the tomato and mozzarella, and I always end up wishing that there was just a tad more salt and acidity on it. Another thing that I love to do is grab a hunk of good cheese, a baguette, and a good dark chocolate bar and call it lunch. it beats standing in line at the sandwich counter, and I can pretend that just for a moment, I'm in Europe or something...
I usually don't buy anything here other than the sandwiches or cheeses because it seems like a lot of their other stuff is a little pricey. The register areas can be a little cramped if you're making lots of purchases, but that hasn't stopped me from going back again and again.Di Bruno Bros is as good as it gets! I love their selection of cheeses and the staff is so knowledgeable. I have a wonderful experience every time I go.Di Bruno Bros is my Philly version of Dean & Deluca in NYC - gourmet market heaven! They have the best of almost everything you could want with prices to match, but its worth it. Meats, seafood, frozen foods, produce, cheese, bakery, prepared foods...its endless!
They have a seafood and meat section in one area, where you can also find all the gourmet sauces, condiments and spices. It takes a lot of will to prevent me from even reaching over to browse those gourmet spices and salts - I have a problem. Their meats, especially those sausages, look fantastic, but they do have a slightly limited selection since there's only so much space. Produce is something you should get elsewhere - its REALLY fresh, but they don't have much and the prices are just plain silly. 
Oh, the cheese. THE CHEESE! You should just come here for the cheese section in the back because they always have a number of types you can taste while browsing AND the guys behind the counter are SO NICE and SO HELPFUL, offering you tastes and recommendations based upon what you're looking for and like. They even have my favorite cheese, this wine-soaked goat cheese from Spain that pleases EVERYONE. 
And of course their prepared foods are REALLY tasty. Fresh pasta, sauces, soups...the salads are fantastic, as are many of the boxed items, but of course the prices are higher than elsewhere. And those pastries! Mmm, I've tried several so far and DAMN are they good. Their deli section offers amazing meats, and one time I got to sample several different types of smoked salmon. 
Upstairs is their cafe, where you can grab a quick bite and sit down at one of many tables (they even have a buffet brunch on the weekends up there). Di Bruno Bros is THE gourmet market in Philly.Completely agree with Angela - walking in here hungry with a credit card is setting yourself up for an unplanned shopping spree.  We recently spent a weekend in Philly.  On Saturday, we had breakfast a Di Brunos, and Sunday, stopped in for some treats to bring home.
Breakfast was really good. They served prepared breakfast sandwiches and YUMMY espresso drinks. (Notably the Nutella mocha.)  We got in early (about 8am) which was good as the place started to fill up after we sat down.
On the way out of town, we stopped in after brunch, and still walked out $50 poorer. They have an excellent selection of cheeses, about which they are very knowledgeable and willing to share that knowledge. Oh and beware - they have a website and deliver.Great selection and beautiful store. I only tried the mushroom/leek/gorgonzola quiche and the beets and asparagus from the deli. The quiche was SUPER buttery/creamy. A little too much for me, but it was tasty. The veggies were good, except the asparagus was undercooked and a bit tough.
I definitely need to come back and check out the cafe (Why do they close so early?!).