Not happy with place. I've done delivery twice here and they are always extremely late. Today, the food was unreasonably late and it was cold. 
Update:  delivery service has gotten betterThis is my to go place whenever I am in Philadelphia. It beats many places in that city's Chinatown.
You must try the Scallion Pancakes and Fried Rice and Brown Rice (I have the feeling they use bulgur instead of brown rice ... Mmmmmm ... Anyways!!).
Nothing is too salty nor greasy. 
Go with friends ... Eat family style...
Bon appétit! !Went for dim sum for two on Saturday afternoon. They have the 12 for 12 special on Saturday's and Sunday not sure what time it ends but it was definitely worth its value. Two orders of that and a side of their signature Dan Dan noodles was perfectly filling ! And with that special you Get a little cup of ice cream at the end  the warm towelette when we were first seated was wonderful. Can't wait to try all the other options on the menu next timeStopped here on a day trip to Philly with my wife.  We had a great time here!  Prices were reasonable and the food was EXCELLENT.  We ordered pan-seared vegetable buns as an appetizer, young coconut juice and a honey lemon green tea for drinks, Taiwanese Pork belly rice bowl and a chicken and string beans dish for main courses, and the white chocolate ball for dessert.  All the food was great, but the absolute standouts for me were the pork belly and the young coconut juice.  The coconut flavor was so fresh, subtle, and distinct and had real pieces of coconut on the bottom!  The pork belly was just one of the best dishes I have ever eaten.  Cooked to perfection, it was a truly amazing meal.  Servers were extremely kind and hospitable!  Great stuff.  Thanks Dim Sum & Noodle!!!Me and my fiancé decided to check out this place on Sunday morning. first the service was excellent which the staff was attentive to our needs. The food was fantastic which we had the shrimp dumpling, Dan Dan noodles, garlic chicken wings, and shumai (spelling?). Overall it was just as good as being in Chinatown without having to go to Chinatown. Lastly the price for all of the food was very reasonable and certainly recommend for people in the art museum area.Ordered the scallion pancake, crispy noodles in soup (veg) and pork dim sums. Our bill came to $22. The food was good but I found the noodle soup a little too salty. The pork dim sums were the best followed by the pancake (but after eating the scallion pancake at han dynasty this one didn't seem too good!)I happened to come across this restaurant while visiting Philly from Jersey City. Eating here made the whole trip worthwhile and we will definitely come back just to see what more they have to offer. We ordered Taiwanese beef noodle and shrimp chow fun and they were one of the best any where in the world. The dim sum was good too.  We were never so satisfied with so little money.Good food, clean and comfortable ambiance, and quick and friendly service. They offered a hot hand towel in the middle of the meal, which added a really nice touch. 
I ordered steamed shrimp dumplings, steamed pork dumplings, Vietnamese iced coffee, and green tea mochi ice cream - and they offered me a complimentary side of Dan Dan noodles (after spending a certain amount), which was pretty good. 
The shrimp dumplings were among the best I've had in Philly. The shells had a perfect texture, and there were generous chunks of shrimp inside. The pork dumplings were not the best I've had, but they still hit the spot. They were more lean than other versions I've had in Chinatown. The Vietnamese iced coffee was good, but the shell of the green tea mochi ice cream was a bit dry. 
Overall, I had a good experience. The price point is very reasonable, and I would definitely come here instead of trekking all the way to Chinatown for some basic Chinese food.I was really disappointed in this place. The rating led me to believe this was going to be something special. I walked 1.5 miles to get here and was starving and it was still inadequate. They have decent lunch specials and it's a quiet restaurant with good service but the food wasn't anything special.Enjoyed a really nice lunch here. We shared several dim sum dishes, all were very good. I had the pork belly soup and was very happy with it. The Dan Dan noodles weren't as good as everything else, but they weren't bad, either. I will definitely eat here again. Service was very nice, place was clean, food was very good. No duck on the menu in case you enjoy duck.Everything I ate was delicious & the service was next level, I don't think I've been treated that well at a restaurant that charges triple the prices they have here. Will definitely be using their delivery services & returning here regularly!Small portions for the price you will pay. For a 25$ lunch I am not satisfied. Very good service, but it took 40 minutes for my delivery.Amazing food for an amazing price. The soup dumplings are inexpensive, delicious, and very filling. I ordered from this restaurant off of caviar and was very impressed with quality of the food.I like this place a lot! They serve good food and offer good service. My favorite is soft rib rice.This restaurant has the second best Chinese food I have ever had. Excellent prices for the quality and quantity of food. Service is good and staff is very friendly. Indulge in the delicious eats this restaurant has to offer.Love this place, lightning fast delivery, never had an order screwed up, desserts are delicious and food is always good.  
Anybody ragging on this place is from out of town and really doesn't know any better.  
This is the best Chinese takeout in the city.Highly recommend and it's a BYOB too!  A welcome new addition to the Art Museum / Fairmount section of the city.Clean place and good food, but the place is slightly understaffed for when it's busy. I would come back again. I enjoyed the scallion pancakes and the bulgogi rice bowl with kimchiI'll lead with the fact that this is NOT a traditional dim sum place where you get carts of dim sum being rolled around.  This is more of a Cantonese style Chinese place that is great for lunch or weekly take-out type of place.  Would I travel from far away just for this? No.  Would I come here every day if I could if I lived close by? Yes. 
I've been here a couple of times for lunch and dinner now and I am so thankful Dim Sum & Noodle is in my life.  After late hours at the office, I want something delicious, affordable, and balanced - Dim Sum & Noodle has my back.  Protein, Veggie, and Rice/Noodles are the basic building blocks of their meals - the Vietnamese Lemon Grass Grilled Chicken ($8.95) and Shrimp Wonton with Egg Noodle ($7.95) are my go-tos.  If I want to spoil myself, I throw in an order of the soup dumplings, nom.  The quality is consistently amazing, which is something that can be hit or miss at places like this.
This is a neighborhood favorite for good reason.  Most diners order out, but if you sit down, the customer service is incredibly sweet and pretty attentive.  Drop by for the dim sum lunch combo, dumplings on dumplings on dumplings.I literally don't even wanna leave a review because this place is so basic. Nothing special, same Chinese food you will get in every American city. If you like playing it safe, come here.Great place! Their Dan Dan noodles and Scallion Pancakes are my favorite dishes there.We ordered takeout after reading that this restaurant was from the owners of the University City Sangkee. We ordered a dim sum combo, beef chow fun, and fish with ginger and scallion.
The woman who took our order and prepared the order was maybe the nicest woman I've ever encountered. She was thorough and double checked everything. My husband picked up the order and said the makeover of the space was well done, so we will pay a visit with our toddler soon!
The food was excellent! We are thrilled to have this addition in the neighborhood! The dim sum was excellent, which we were surprised by. The beef chow fun was great and compared to the one at the UC Sangkee, and the fish was what we expected but nothing mind blowing.
We will be gaining lots of weight thanks to this establishment! But happy weight! :)Great service and great food. I would recommend trying the Dim Sum Sampler as your appetizer. The ownership is very friendly as well. Will definitely be back again soon.The service was great. The waitress and service staff were very attentive. The shrimp dumplings were tasty. My noodle dish was OK. I give two stars because we watched two of the cooks go into the bathroom with their aprons on, and walk back into the kitchen with the same apron. Aprons should always be taken off before going into a restroom. Please fix this behavior immediately.Really enjoyed our "oh pooh, we're not going to make it to Reading Terminal before it closes" stop at the nearest legit establishment, Dim Sum. They served up a really good meal of Dan Dan noodles, lemon grass chicken, General Tso, and chicken pad Thai for our party of 4. With such a table  buffet, everyone won, and we even had leftovers. Fresh food, good service.
The wisp of this culinary delight will linger, though I doubt our paths will cross again...Nana was awesome as was the food. Great service great food! She has super human hearing. The spicy mustardUnexpected surprise! Very tasty food here! Outstanding service here! With reasonable price. Definitely coming back againWe live right across the street, so I was so happy for Dim Sum & Noodle to open! Just had our first meal there, it was great. They did a great job remodeling and service was good.  Very friendly staff, can't wait to go back with a bottle of wine (BYOB!).Just stopped in for lunch post-museum sightseeing.  One of the few times I was led astray by overblown Yelp reviews. 
Bf and I tried their xlb, dan dan noodles, and Szechuan spiced fried soft shell crabs.  
Xlb - not soupy enough, honestly. Also, the black vinegar had added sugar. I've had them in shanghai and NYC and these were disappointing. 
Dan dan.  Not Mala enough.  Also way oversweetened for my taste buds.  
Szechuan soft shell crabs.  The batter was too doughy and were overall too greasy.  I ended up peeling off the excess batter before chowing down on them.  The fried spices and ginger topping the crabs were tasty though. 
Overall, meh.  
Bf, however, was very happy to eat the bigger portion of the meal that picky gf didn't want to finish.For the location, this Dim Sum is as good as it gets! I admit that my hopes were not high coming here because I rarely go out for Dim Sum outside of Chinatown. Regardless, we found the menu to have plenty of authentic dim sum dishes to choose from, all of which turned out to be flavorful and reasonably priced. If I lived in Fairmount or the Art Museum area, this is where I would go for real deal dim sum!Great little hidden spot with all the usual dim sum dishes. Get the calamari. It was fantastic. Quick food turn around time.  Attentive staffStopped by at this place for lunch, loved their tasty dim sum, light not oily or heavy.  I was surprised to find good foods at this small place. I 'll definitely go back on my next trip to Philly.Silverware was dirty and the dumplings made me feel weird. They tasted good though so if could work for someone else!This place was wonderful. We went after an outing at the Franklin Institute. It was a very quick walk even for my 4- and 6-year-olds. The food was delicious-my picky little ones liked everything as well as myself and my parents. There was no children's menu, but the food was kid-friendly. The staff was very sweet to my kids even if they were a little rowdy. The dumplings were the best part-all of us loved them! Skip the crowds at other places post-museum trip and head here!Killer place. Very casual and reasonably priced.  The food is outstanding and the place is very clean ?  Shrimp Dumplings (and everything) was literally top notch. Excellent, friendly service....you water glass never gets to only half full.  A must in fairmount!I had dinner there tonight with a friend from out of town. I went with 4 items off the small plates and my friend had the Chicken and Green beans. All were tasty. I really liked the veggie dumplings (pan fried) the crispy garlic wings, and the scallion pancakes. The short ribs were ok but as good as the other small plates. The wait staff were attentive and helpful.This restaurant has the second best Chinese food I have ever had. Excellent prices for the quality and quantity of food. Service is good and staff is very friendly. Indulge in the delicious eats this restaurant has to offer. 
Rating down from 5 to 2. Food was cold. Extras requested weren't provided and didn't have much flavor this time. Very disappointed.The place is in the middle of Chinatown. Quite nice interior even though it's a bit dark at the back of the restaurant. Very nice and baby friendly service. Have been there a couple of times and food has always been excellent. I have to admit, we never tried anything else but the dumplings....just because they are so good. Last but not least. Usually paying far below $ 30 incl. tip for a party of two makes this some very good value for money.I can't believe this place is rated as high as it is. The food is pretty mediocre, and because of that it's really overpriced. There are such better places around for both dim sum and noodles.I really like this place and order take out from here often.  The woman who works at the register when you walk in is so nice and helpful.  The food is very good and well priced.  There is a medium sized seating area if you want to dine in and there generally isn't a wait.  I did dine in once with 5 people.  It was Sat night, i called and said we'd like to come right over.  The nice lady sounded a little concerned but she made it happen!  I always get the beef lo mein.  Good food, good prices, and good service!Who are the yelpers for this location?!?!?!? This place barely had any selection to be call a dimSum place..more like a fast food chinese restaurant. The service was slow..the pan fried noodle had spam like meat..and 5 spice noodle broth was flavorless. How da heck can this place have a 4.5 rating at this point..I'm shock and truly disappointed in my fellow yelpers.Dim sum appetizers were inexpensive and delicious, and our waitress treated us amazingly. I loved the hot tea they brought automatically. We ordered noodle dishes for entrees which were also great, and came with delicious sauces for the table. Our waitress suggested which sauces to use for which dishes. They brought a little fruit and fortune cookies along with the check. Very affordable and nice, casual but delicious experience all around. Food was fresh but served quickly!A well-earned 5 star rating.  Dim sum taken to the level of a fine dining experience.  Beautifully decorated interior, attentive servers, white tablecloths, constant replacement of clean plates and utensils with each course.  I highly recommend the 15 small plates for $15 lunch special.  You get to try the scallion pancakes and every dumpling they offer during dim sum.  It is served in 3 courses.  You can also order larger portion of particular dim sum dishes from $3 to $6.  An excellent lunch after visiting the Franklin Institute.Was in the neighborhood and wanted to check it out.  They do take credit cards....many reviews said they don't. The staff were completely lovely.  The food overall was fine.  I didn't order much, only had the Dan Dan noodles, a vegetable spring roll , and vegetable dumplings.  The dumplings weren't on the menu , I asked if they had vegetable ones and they did.   Everything was fresh and tasty, I would definitely go back.What a gem! It's my go to local Chinese place and the delivery is always good. The food is EXTREMELY delicious and fresh. Not to expensive. Good quality ingredients. Complex flavors at a "local takeout" price point. Highly recommend. My favorite is the sweet potato vermicelli hotpot dish and the tofu green curry!The dan dan noodle, bbq korean short rib, and mabo tofu are all excellent. This is a very comfortable and nice little restaurant. Really good for take-out.Totally amazing! Super fast delivery and the food was totally awesome!!! Chicken dumplings were awesome! The pork belly was cooked perfect. Garlic wings were cooked perfect and tasted great!This place was really good! I had the steamed sui mai which I didn't love (just wasn't something I'm a big fan of, but other people liked them), but there were some other dumplings and dim sum which were super delicious. I also had the spicy and sour seafood ramen, which was incredible, though be forewarned, as it was quite spicy. It was so filling, I had to take half of it home and eat it the next day. I would definitely order this ramen dish again and again and again. I got these two items (the ramen and dim sum) as part of the 1+1=3 menu (if you order ramen and dim sum, then you get a "free" iced lemon green tea). The iced lemon green tea was one of the best (nonalcoholic) drinks I've ever had. This place is BYOB, and we brought wine, for which we were not charged (meaning, I did not see an uncorking fee on the bill, even though a waiter did in fact uncork the wine for me). The waiters and waitresses were extremely attentive and helpful. Very happy I went here!Not impressed... They had such great review so tired... 
service was great. They gave me warm wet towel as I walked in. 
I had their soup dumpling. Obviously they don't make it here and there were very little soup in the dumpling!!! Very disappointing. 
The shrimp dumpling was good.Dim sum and noodle is one of my favorite hidden gems in the neighborhood. Good service, reasonable prices, and excellent food.Absolute worst customer service ever.  When I arrived it was complete mayhem.  There were a number of other customers clearly upset about their food or wait time.  I waited a few minutes before I could grab someone's attention, and ask if our order was ready.  I was told 10 minutes, and they were busy.  After waiting about 15-20 I asked if it would be much longer, and the lady asked what we ordered.  I showed her the same webpage confirmation that I showed the first guy I spoke with.  She walked away, and came back a few minutes later telling me they didn't receive the order and it would be 45 minutes to an hour.  At this point I was annoyed due to the situation and asked if there was a way to expedite the order, and was given a stern "no" because it's not their fault.  Not their fault??  I wasn't blaming anyone, but who else's fault could it be?!?!  This is a simple situation that could have been handled easily, but the FOH staff had no interest in doing so.  Note:  there were a number of complaints about the food from two tables while I was waiting too.Great food and service.  The staff are all very friendly and attentive.  I would definitely come back when I'm in town.Decent Dim Sum in Fairmount. We ordered the Steamed Char Siu, Juicy Dumplings, and Garlic wings. The steamed bun of the char siu was flavorless and drier than similar dishes I've experienced elsewhere. The filling was just OK. Very sweet and filled with properly executed pork that was smothered in too much barbecue sauce. I've gotten bigger and quality-comparable Char Siu for 1/3 the price. The juicy buns, their name for Xio Long Bao (soup dumpling) were smaller than most soup dumplings I've had. The pork inside was tasty. But the soup:meat ratio was too low to get the pleasant soupy mouth explosion that characterizes  great Xiao Long Bao. 
The garlic wings were good wings. Probably 4/5 star quality. They had the classic Korean-style batter (more corn starch and subsequently crunch) than the American preparation. The meat on the wings was cooked a bit fast/overcooked. I'd like to taste a deeper flavor in the meat and less constriction of the meat to the bone. 
Overall an OK generic Asian offering. Nothing that I'm crazy about. The service was extremely fast and friendly.I got the vegetable steamed dumplings, scallion pancake, and shrimp fried rice. 
The fried rice was dry but there was a good amount of shrimp. The vegetable steamed dumplings were not vegetable, there is some type of meat in them which was very disturbing to someone that might be vegetarian. The pancakes were soggy and not really nice and flaky how they should be. Delivery was really fast. 
The reason this also only got two stars is because the food totally messed up my stomach and I feel sick now. It really turns you off of giving them a second chance.What a surprise to have Sang Kee open up a smaller spot near the art museum!  We ordered a bunch of dim sum plates and General gsos chicken.  The dim sum was all tasty and fresh.  The spicy calamari and bbq pork dumplings were especially fantastic, but the traditional pork dumplings were underwhelming.  General gsos chicken was delicious!  Service was attentive and quick.  Even though the menu is smaller than neighboring Cho Cho San, the food is superior.  Will definitely go back!I ate in many Chinese  restaurants in China and USA , but you are the best one so far. Your food is wonderful, the real taste of proper Chinese food, and your service is awesome. I would like to pay 25% in tips. We were also given a free Chinese famous food: Dan Dan noodle. You try it, then love it.Very very good dim sum! And excellent shrimp noddle vegetable noodle soup. I'm from out of town and would definitely come back here.Amazing service & such kind people. 
The food taste great and you really get your money's worth for every dish. Nothing is expensive and I highly recommend the dim sum brunch sampler.
Everything is of quality and the interior of the restaurant is clean. 10/10What a great place! Since it's opening, we have eaten here about five times now and will definitely be back again. The food is excellent! All of the ingredients seems so fresh and healthy. The waitstaff takes a genuine interest in your dining experience and go out of the way to satisfy your needs. They are also very attentive to filling your water and bringing anything else that's requested or needed to complement the meal. Their pricing is also very fair and if you spend more than $20, you often receive a free item off of the appetizer menu, which is a great deal and so few places do that these days. If you are in the area and looking for a new place to try, definitely give this place a shot as you will most likely not be disappointed!This is a great addition to the neighborhood which I hope the neighborhood supports and keep around for a long time. The menu is small ( because the concept is Dim Sum & Noodles) so you wont get your usual americanized chinese food which is great. The food we had was delicious and frankly, this will be my go to spot if I can't trek it to Chinatown.While strolling through the city on a Saturday afternoon, found this place. Great food, the shrimp dimsums were my favorite. Would strongly suggest, if you are a fan on dimsums!First time here, and it was very good. Scallion pancake and peach bun were delicious and is a must order on the menu.This is pretty cool basic restaurant with great food. Interesting nuances include that the girl taking out order did not write it down and brought out exactly the right order !! Impressive :) their veggie dumplings are green I color and I loved the look and taste of of. Their dan dan noodles is a little different but yummy! The crispy chicken wings and shrimp dumplings were very well done. I would definitely go back here. The food was brought out as it was prepared which was perfect for this kind of food and the service was fast.The best Chinese food that I know of in the Philly area. They also have great Ramen--the Taiwanese Pork Belly Ramen or Rice bowl is exceptional--and great iced coffee including Vietnamese. 
The Honey Lemon Green Tea is so thick and delicious that I honestly don't understand..I do not understand how they get it to taste and feel that way. 
Note: I never tried their desert but if it's anything like the other stuff, it can't be bad. 
In terms of the staff, one time I saw a customer being extremely rude and they handled him very well. With me, they're always friendly and helpful. 
Highly recommended to any Asian food lover from the casual to those expecting a fine dining experience.We got delivery last night from Dim Sum & Noodle for the third time last night.  Highly recommended!  The delivery was quick, efficient and very friendly.  The food was very high quality and perfectly cooked.  The dumplings were fabulous as was the shrimp pad Thai and chicken with string beans.  Go for it!Hands down our favorite dim sum! They know us all too well with how much we visit and I love their char sui Bao. Remember it's BYOBA very small restaurant with pretty good steamed dumplings. The service was fast too. I couldn't wrap my head around paying three times as much for dumplings that are available at the Vietnamese grocery store though.We looked on Yelp for dimsum after going to The Mint and found this restaurant. We were pleasantly surprised! The staff speaks Cantonese (like me). There was a sign outside advertising their dimsum sampler and that is what we (myself, husband, and our 2 little kids) ordered, plus the Taiwanese Braised Pork Belly, Aged Egg and Veg. on Rice. It was all very good. Service was very good as well. Great meal!I had a great meal here! I came with 10 of my friends for my birthday. So many different genres of food and all of it came out excellent. Perhaps the best part was the service. They were never far away with a warm hand towel! I believe they are owned by the same people who own Sang Kee, so it is no surprise the food tastes great.Excellent food and all the staff were extremely helpful explaining menu options. Definitely would make the long drive back!If there's another star after 5th star, I'd put it. I love this place. I eat dinner there at least 3 times a week. Serene environment, amazing service and yummy Asian food. :) thumbs up!group of 5 went there tonight.  service was outstanding  so was the food.  we had the shrimp wonton soup without noodles and the shrimp wonton with noodles. chicken lo mein and chicken with string beans rounded out our main courses.  sooooo many extra little service touches too.  place is really cute.  we will go back AND we will tell as many of our friends about it too.Food was good and the service was excellent. The owner clearly takes pride in making sure everyone is serviced as she herself was on the floor our entire time there. Prices were not bad either at roughly $4-$6 per dish. We ended up ordering quite bit and didn't have to wait long at all for the first item. They are also BYOB so you can run across the street to Whole Foods and grab something! (BTW, if you think Whole Foods is going to be expensive for Beer or Wine, you're wrong. They actually have the best prices in the city! I know, surprising!) Overall, I only gave 4 stars because there are better Dim Sum places in the city but we will still definitely go here again!I had a last minute craving for some Asian food, and I came across here from some yelp reviews. 
I chose to go with the Dan Dan Noodles, and the Bulgogi with Rice and Kimchi. Both were soooo good and definitely satisfied my craving. I'm curious to try the other items on the menu now! Will definitely be ordering from here again!The service was great and the food even better!  Had the spicy soft shell crab, sui mai, short ribs. All delicious!One of the best places to have Chinese. So much variety. Food is absolutely yummy. Cozy place,nice ambience,amazing service, BYOB, great value for money. Definitely recommend.I rarely give five stars to anyplace.  However, service, quality, taste, price, and cleanliness all demand you visit and support this place.  Plus it's very close to all art museums.This place is top notch! 
Things ordered:
1.) short ribs 
2.) crystal dumplings
3.) juicy buns (soup dumpling)
4.) scallion pancake 
5.) lemon chicken
Everything was extremely fresh and delicious!  Service is impeccable! 
Would recommendSuper clean, amazing staff...so friendly and accommodating.   I've tried at least 8 dishes here and always fantastic.  Make sure to try the scallion and ginger flounder.  The dim sum and knife shaved beef noodle dish were also amazing and probably the best I've ever had.I ordered the crispy shrimp with honey walnuts and pan-fried dumplings. They were amazing! It was warm and crispy and tasted delicious. I will definitely be ordering from here again!I stayed away from the Korean and Thai dishes and ordered the dumpling dim sum combo along with their lemongrass chicken rice bowl and complementary spicy noodles. I was pleasantly surprised by how poised the dishes were in flavor. The spices were right on, nothing under or over salted, grilled or steamed well. Unsure whether the dumplings are constructed in house, but they are tasty nonetheless. All in all, I would definitely come back to try some other rice bowls or noodle dishes!Nice interiors for a casual Chinese meal.
The mapo tofu and pork dumplings were excellent. Dumpling meat was very well cooked and seasoned. Sichuan beef noodles also had delicious sauce.
Avoid American Chinese dishes like General Tsos unless you want candy.
Can do better work on the fortune cookies :)This is a very elegant and cozy restaurant.  They have tasty scallion pies, hawaiian rice with shrimp and great refreshing drinks. It affordable and family friendly.Great place to eat!!!!!! Definitely the best choice to have some Chinese food, waitress is nice and the price is good! Everything is great!!!!!Not happy with place. I've done delivery twice here and they are always extremely late. Today, the food was unreasonably late and it was cold.This was my first time at this restaurant.  We went on Christmas.  We were a party of 6.  There were only 4 tables of people.  Service was AWFUL!  It took a while for the waitress to come over to take our order.  The waitress didn't seem to understand one item in our order and had to get another worker to come ask us about it (we wanted no sauce on a chicken dish).  The icing on the cake was that my husbands dinner (a rice bowl) never came.  They forgot!  The food was generally good (although the shrimp dumpling noodle soup broth was bland).  Overall We were very disappointed.First let me say that I am picky when it comes to Chinese restaurants. I didn't think this one was horrible but I just don't think my tastebuds matched up with the cuisine. I had the shrimp pad Thai & shrimp dumplings. The dumplings I will say we're very big and tasty. They give you about 5 which i think is generous especially considering the large size of the shrimp. Now my pad Thai noodles were kind of dry and thin. I prefer the thicker noodles and I like for there to be enough sauce so that my noodles don't clump. I wasn't a fan of the sauce, I didn't find it flavorful enough, but again that may just be my tastebuds. And lastly, my fortune cookie was missing the fortune (lol) I was looking forward to reading something good, but that didn't happen. I still ate it though. I'd say try it at your own risk, but I doubt I'll be trying them again.I've never encountered this before or written a review about it, but our dim sum arrived in styrofoam containers that had been melted by the dumplings.  You could see where the holes in the styrofoam lined up with edge of the dumplings. We didn't really feel like eating melted styrofoam with our food, so we ended up throwing most of it out. The entrees were pretty sub-par, but at least the plastic seemed to be intact.We were pretty disappointed with the quality of the food here compared to some of our favorite Chinatown spots that carry the same dishes.First time ordering out from Dim Sum and the food was great.  Ordered the Shrimp Pad Thai, the Dim Sum Combo (the pork buns and dumplings were really good), and the BBQ Korean Short Ribs.  Everything was great.  It was delivered by bike so it wasn't super hot but that's to be expected.Simple review: extremely satisfying and surprisingly inexpensive! I've been here a handful of times, and I'm always full after I eat and sometimes I even take my leftovers home and eat it the next day! If you're looking for quality AND quantity, look no further.We just tried this restaurant for take out because we enjoy other Sang Kee restaurants. The food was excellent and the woman who handled my order was lovely. I'm a vegetarian and there were a lot of choices. I am thrilled to have such a delicious chinese option in my neighborhood.I'm disappointed. First let me say I was impressed when the food arrived at my hotel in about 20-25 minutes when I was expecting about an hour from what Yelp was estimating; however, the goal is to under-promise and over-deliver, not under-promise and under-deliver. I'm a veg so I got a tofu plate with some mixed vege's and vermecelli. The vermecelli was all stuck together and looked like a gang of worms or some sort of bacteria housed together and the tofu was absolutely horrible. It was soggy, barely cooked and marinated with absolutely nothing. It was as if the cook just opened the package, didn't bother to squeeze any water out , cut it up into some huge soggy cubes and threw it in with the vermecelli and mixed vege's after-the-fact! The meal was not tasty at all. Now I know why it arrived so early...because they barely took any time to do it right. The best part about the meal was the two spring rolls I had so, that was my dinner last night; two spring rolls. I'll personally never order from here again.Came here with my SO on Friday for some pre-race rice and meat. We ordered the soup dumplings, taiwanese braised pork belly, and chicken w/green beans. We got a free order of chicken dumplings as well (I think it's a temporary promotion & you might get it if you order more than $15 of food). Overall the food was fresh, tasty, and not overly oily. 
Service was awesome, and not just for an Asian restaurant (where service is generally non-existent) but in general. You start off the meal with a warm hand towel and tea, your water glass is always refilled, and your waitress/waiter will check back just enough to make sure you have everything you need and not so much that it gets bothersome. *Our waitress gave me an extra orange!
-Taiwanese Braised Pork Belly: My boyfriend's mom makes it just like this (in thick chunks), and he was so excited to have found a spot that makes it just like she does! He loved it and I really liked it as well. 
-Chicken Dumplings: the portion of meat inside is large and really well seasoned, plus there are bits of mushroom inside! A good choice for a free side. 
-Soup Dumplings: They were good but I don't think they're made in house. If you're craving soup dumplings these will definitely do, but if you want something house made go to Dim Sum Garden
-Chicken w/Green Beans: Nice chunks of chicken and tons of green beans. Good but not a must get. (Green beans were a teensy bit too oily for my taste).Ordered take out here and was pleasantly surprised - the dimsum scallion, watercress dumplings were freshly homemade style. Chicken with mixed vegetables had fresh bamboo sprouts-- Not greasy, or overly salty. Will try going into the restaurant sometime. Hard to find decent chinese food in the city outside of ChinatownI would have given it 5 stars if it weren't for the fact that they didn't come through with a reservation we made like a week in advance, or rather did not come through the way it was requested. We needed a table of 15 and were told they could accommodate us, but when we arrived, two tables were set up. When asked why, they said they were too small to accommodate a large table like that. So then they should have told us that in the first place! Of course we were able to move the tables around where we ended up being accommodated and were able to sit at one big table after all, but no thanks to the staff... Food is good, prices are good, service is ok... They always seemed a little confused. I would go back there but most likely they can handle a small group a lot better than larger ones.Some of the best food we've had in Philly yet. I had the Kung Pao Beef and my wife had the Pork Belly Ramen bowl. Both were delicious and we will order again and again!!I love the food and tea. The prices are very reasonable. Food is fresh. The staff are friendly. Only negative is that we rode around for parking for at least 20 minutes. But it was still worth it.One of the best Dim Sum places in Philly, in my opinion.  Although there's not traditional push-cart Dim Sum, this place offers consistently great dishes.  The soup dumplings are a bit smaller and less soup-y than your standard Xiao Long Bao, but the quality is clean and delicious nonetheless.Decided to stop in as I was visiting the art museum to try the juicy buns.  They were soooo good!  Like a luscious and scrumptious bowl of goodness exploding in your mouth.  Very tasty!  I also tried the chicken and string bean lunch special which was also very good, and only 8$! Great service as well!Excellent food, service, and price. My friend and I ordered four small plates, one of which was the Dan Dan noodle dish, and thoroughly enjoyed everything.I was craving some pan fried dim sum so checked this place out. They didn't have a great variety of the pan fried kind (only one to be exact)
Ordered the pan fried chicken dumplings which were quite tasty though only 4 per dish. 
The juicy buns were simply steamed outer covering enclosing a juicy pork meatball. Yum!
The vietnamese lemongrass grilled chicken rice bowl was very filling. But didn't have many ingredients in it: chicken, bok choy, pickled radish & a heaping pile of rice. It was certainly missing another ingredient perhaps something something with gravy. I managed to finish the entire bowl but wasn't totally satisfied with the overall taste.
The portions are huge in terms of entrees. The waitress was very friendly and helpful. The decor was beautiful: they had this huge mural painting of a Chinese restaurant( pretty for the eyes)- most of the stars are for the decor, friendly service & large portions of rice. Minus one star for the over-simplicity of the meal.
Would only Return only as a last option. I Probably can find places with larger dim sum varieties.I took a lunch break from our trip to the Franklin Institute. It was about a six minute walk and it was worth every step.
Food was great! Dim Sum was amazing. Will come back again next time we are in town.One of the best choice for Chinese food nearby. I had the ribs and rice and it tasted good. Servers are nice.I was looking for some nearby Chinese dim sum for two people and came across this place and I was not disappointed. 5 stars for the service and especially for the quality of the food. The hot hand towels were an added bonus!
We ordered a serving of rice to split and a 3-4 variations of dumplings. The ones I highly recommend are the crystal dumplings and the soup dumplings.Was in Philly for work and I always like to explore the food scene.  This place stood out based on reviews and menu items that appealed to me.
I had a late lunch so I ordered online around 5:10 pm for future delivery at 7:30pm and figured I'd go for a walk.  It started to rain so I headed back early to find my bike delivery waiting and 3 missed calls starting at 5:40pm.
So aside from that oversight, they were fast! Luckily I happened to walk back.
I got the dim sum sampler and the bulgogi beef over rice, planning to have leftovers for my train ride home.  I had asked for a side of chili oil with the dumplings, but they must have overlooked that too.
The food was still hot after trekking a mile across town and the dumplings were tasty.  I wasn't sure what to expect in the sampler because it's not detailed on the online menu, but it was good!
The bulgogi had good flavor from the marinade and the Kim chi was on point, but the meat itself was a bit grisly, albeit edible.
Overall, I'd order again, but call to confirm my order details to avoid confusion.One of the best experiences I've had. This humble restaurant is a bit hidden behind spring garden, near the Community College of Philadelphia. I didn't pay no mind to this place for the longest time until I see so many good reviews on it.
We came here for lunch and it was pretty chill. The ambiance was quiet and homey, nothing too fancy but really welcoming.  The staff is exceptional, they are friendly and extremely professional. The language barrier could be a small problem but don't let that deter you because they are very patient.
I ordered Taiwanese braised pork belly with boiled eggs and mustard greens over rice, dan dan peanut noodles and a lunch combo that consisted of five different dim sum items and an appetizer and fried rice. Let me start with the combo. For 9 dollars you get; shrimp ha gao (steamed dumplings), shiu mai,  a veggies dumpling, pork and shrimp dumpling, pork in a soft bun. On top of this I got the chicken dumpling appetizer and one egg fried rice. All that for 8.95! All of the items were delicious, on par with china town dim sum.
The dan dan noodles was also decent, it lacked a bit of saltiness and meat. Not all places make this dish with meat but I prefer mine with a little minced pork. It was good and fresh anyhow and it came out super quick. The pork belly is the highlight here, it was soft and tender and melted over the rice like butter. It's been slow braised in this flavorful sauce that coats the entire bowl rice when poured over. 
On top of this we had two lemon honey green tea. Our total bill came up to be 34 dollars. You can't beat something like this. We had over 10 items that fed two people with a drink to go. Our waitress was very polite and offered a relaxing lunch. I highly recommend this place for those who wants Chinatown food without the hassle.Better dim sum than expected but the ramen was not quiet there.
Do you live in the fairmount area or happen to be in this neighborhood and don't feel like dragging your a$$ all the way to chinatown for some dim sum?  If the answer to either of these questions is yes then you should definitely check this place out.  We had the dim sum combo and I thought the shao mai was pretty good and the cha shao bao was descent as well.  I even thought the shrimp dumpling was pretty good.  This is definitely a great neighhood gem for a no frills dim sum meal.  
I did however not think the ramen wasn't what I expected.  Not because it tasted bad, quite the opposite, my pork belly "ramen" was very flavorful, but rather, the noodles are not ramen noodles but regular rice noodles.  If they described the dish correctly I would have been fine with it but just a small nitpick.  Overall, this is a great place if you are already here but for best dim sum in the city you'd still have to go to chinatown.Let me first say the service here is wonderful, and everyone is extremely pleasant an kind. However, I have been here a total of 3 times. And 2 of of those there's been something in our food! The first time we found 3 hairs in our food. I didn't write a review because I understand, things sometimes happen. However, we went today and there was a piece of plastic in our food! Again, stuff happens. But I've completely lost my appetite to even go back here unfortunately. I hope they can start being more careful with their food prep area.Overall: 4 (Rounded)
Food: 3.5
Service: 3.5
Price: 4
Atmosphere: 3
Dim Sum & Noodles is exactly what is has dim sum and noodle dishes. I ordered the scallion pancake and bulgogi ramen, which came with a free lemon green tea. The price of my meal was around $17 with taxes but without tip. Dim sum is normally suppose to be communal but I was really hungry. The cost of the meal would have been a little as a result, so keep that in mind. 
The service was fairly well even though it was pretty late and towards their closing time. I did feel a little rush but I expect that when we were the last people in the restaurant. The taste of the food was pretty good. I have has better ramen and scallion pancakes but for the quickness and variety of ramen; I feel it is a good selling point since there's different types other than the traditional miso or shoyu ramen. 
Overall, I would stop by again some time in the future.I had to credit the place for its service. The girl there was sooo nice... She served hot towels to us before the food was served and came over several time during the eating in a not disturbing way. In terms of the food, the barbecue ribs were really juicy and tasteful, the steamed buns were below the average but still okay.Best Chinese restaurant in the area. Friendly staff. Food was hot. Service was fast. Highly recommend.A excellent dim sum option. The short ribs are to die for! Good service. Rumored to be owned by the Sang Kee guys.Tried this place for the first time - Ordered shrimp fried rice and veggie spring roll by delivery. Told them several times "no onions". Came with lots of onions, no soy sauce and no duck sauce for the spring roll, but by the time I realized the delivery guy was long gone. Tried to eat but both were fairly terrible. Won't be going here or ordering from here again...Cho Cho San a few doors down much better food and always gets my order correct.Good to great food, I'm spoiled I usually don't pay so much for dim sum but a treat next to the museumWhile walking to Wawa one night, the GF and I noticed that there was a new Asian restaurant next door. Little did we know that it was Sang Kee Noodle House's new sister restaurant! Sang Kee's a stalwart of West Philly and the owners have recently expanded into Fairmount with this new offering, which features Cantonese style food, which is less spicy and likely more associated with "Chinese food" for those with a Western palate.
Dan Dan Noodles [$5.95]
Chili peanut sauce
Had to try the dan dan noodles, because ... they're dan dan noodles. Han Dynasty these are not. Not to say that Dim Sum & Noodle's weren't satisfying, but compared to the spicy caramelized minced pork and the toothsome and chewy noodles at Han Chiang's establishment, these were not up to par. Still, there was a bit of heat from the chili peanut sauce, which is more immersed into the noodles than coating them. There were some crisp julienned cucumber slices that helped cool off any heat from each bite.
Pan-Fried Pork Dumplings [$4.95]
The pork dumplings were great and had a nice gluttonous chew along with some crisp texture from the pan frying. The pork inside was juicy and well-seasoned. 
Crispy Garlic Wings [$5.95]
The crispy garlic wings are a must order in my mind. A lacquered, glassy texture on the outside of the wing yielded to juicy chicken. The sweet chili sauce was a nice accompaniment. 
Shrimp Fried Rice [$9.95]
The GF loved the shrimp fried rice, which had a ton of succulent, snappy shrimp. The pineapple imparted additional sweetness to balance the savoriness of the rice. 
General Tso's Chicken [$13.95]
You'll find this dish on almost all Americanized Chinese food restaurant menus. Dim Sum & Noodle's iteration is the version all of these restaurants should strive for. In fact in Philly, the only one that comes even close is Square on Square. The chicken was crisp on the outside and revealed juicy white chicken breast within. The sweet and spicy sauce on the outside didn't overwhelm the chicken and the accompanying broccoli florets weren't overly blanched. 
Taiwanese Braised Pork Belly [$10.95]
Aged egg, Baby bok choy
Dim Sum & Noodle has a pork belly dish. I repeat. Dim Sum & Noodle has a pork belly dish. And it is stellar. Braised in sweet soy, the unctuous fatty chunks of pork belly were plentiful and had a nice crisp on the outside. A soy-marinated soft boiled egg and some baby bok choy also accompanied this dish, but it's all about that pork belly. This will always be a part of any takeout order from Dim Sum & Noodle in my mind. 
So if you're in the Fairmount area, eschew all other Chinese food restaurants and get your butts over to Dim Sum & Noodle. Make sure you order the crispy garlic wings and try some of that pork belly!Delicious. Nothing out of the extraordinary. But hit the spot for our dimsum/Chinese food craving.Excellent food. One of the best Dim Sum I have ever head. Great service, clean, nice relaxing music.
Very reasonably priced. 
Highly recommend to visit this little place for big foodies.I ordered take out from here once and have to say it's actually pretty good. I was a little skeptical about it but all the things I order was pretty good. I had the pork buns, shu mai, Shanghai dumplings and the shrimp dumplingsMy wife and I were in Philadelphia today and had lunch here today. The staff was so friendly and the food was excellent. One review said this place was classy, we agree. Definitely make a point to visit if you get a chance.Great location. Inside of the restaurant isn't very big. I Recommend coming at off-peak times. Started with two appetizers- Dan Dan noodles and pan fried meat dumplings. Dan Dan noodles were just average but the meat dumplings were some of the better ones I've had in the city. Entree was the candied walnut shrimp dish- also one of the better ones I have had in the city. I was surprised thought that it was on the small side. Only 3 walnut halves and six or so small shrimp (felt like a lunch portion even though it was definitely dinner time). Some hits and some misses. Worth checking out if you're nearby-wouldn't go out of my way for it.Overall I had a really solid experience at this place. The peppercorn Ramen was satisfying and had a nice kick of flavor. Mae gave us great service was extremely hospitable. Great attention to detail. I really like the hot towels we were provided with at the end to wipe theirselves. It was a really nice touch.From the outside it seems so so. But don't let that fool you. Absolutely jaw dropping excellence when it comes to the food and service. Will come here again and again for ages to come. During the winter, this is the most heart warming bowl of soup around.This is definitely going to be my new go-to for take out. This place is super easy to order from and everything that I've tried so far has been really great. I've struggled to find a place in Philly that has a good, simple, and affordable general tso's chicken. This place definitely has it. It's not over-breading; it's not swimming in sauce; and the sauce tastes right. Triple-win in my book! I've also gotten the dan dan noodles and fried chicken dumplings. Both were great! I really enjoyed the dumplings. The delivery is fast and quick and everything still arrives pretty warm! Can't wait to order from this place more as the winter drags on!This place is a great addition to the area!
We did the dim sum, which was a perfect amount of food and we 
enjoyed every piece except one thoroughly.
Waitress didnt really speak english and was training, but other than that, service was excellent.
We would go back!Pretty good restaurant. I have heard great things, but am always hesitant about strip mall/shop food options. The location is rather small so expect to wait for a table during peak and off peak times. The food was very tasty but small in portions.Amazing. Second tme here and food is great, service is amazing (got a hot napkin 3 times to clean hands). Would come againI was starving on a Monday afternoon with an empty refrigerator, however I stuck in the house waiting for a conference call to begin. I decided to check yelp for a good delivery option. I was impressed with some of the reviews/pictures and decided to give it a try. To my surprise, I found out that I could place my delivery order directly through yelp and Dim Sum and Noodle would deliver. My order was delivered fairly quickly (about 30 min. after placing the order).
I ordered the Pork dumpling (pan-fried) and Taiwanese Braised Pork Belly, aged egg, and vegetable on white rice.  The dumplings were great but a little soggy from being in the foam container but the sauce that came with them was by far the best I've ever had.  I was surprised they were placed with care on a bed of spinach in the to-go container and not just mindlessly thrown into the container (which is common with most take-out).  The pork belly was so tender and flavorful that I didn't put any soy sauce on it (which I usually do).  I must admit, I was a little suspicious when I saw the brown egg.  However, I was in love with it after the first bite.  It was full of flavor and mouthwatering.  The portion size was pretty large as I was unable to finish it. Needless to say, I would definitely order from here again.So good I wanted to eat with my eyes closed. Can I have all my meals here till I die!This place doesn't really need another 5 star review, but... Wow! Their food is fantastic! I called to order delivery, and they routed me to GrubHub (might be a hassle for some, but I didn't mind). My order arrived quickly, hot, and they even made my substitution with no questions asked. I had chicken lo mein, chicken and bok choy (subbed out string beans), and spring rolls. 
I will definitely be ordering from them again! Yum!Dim Sum & Noodle is a foodie's dream -- delicious food, quick service, and a waitstaff who makes you feel like you're at home! As the waitress explained to us... you can go to Chinatown and get a huge Dim Sum menu rolled out on carts, but that means the dishes were all prepared at once and rolled around on a cart for about 10 minutes before reaching your table! Sure, to the average Joe this may seem just fine... but if you know a good bao bun (and I hope for your sake you do!!!) you know that after several minutes of sitting on the table it gets gummy and loses that unique texture that makes it so yummy. DS&M offers a limited dim sum menu but everything is made-to-order and perfectly prepared. We ordered the juicy buns, lotus leaf sticky rice, and dan dan noodles. Everything arrived to the table as it was made (you can tell because it came staggered) and tasted amazing. I can't wait to come back to try some other dim sum options and ramen!I was craving Chinese food yesterday and until now hadn't found a place in the area that I loved, so it was the perfect opportunity to check out Dim Sum & Noodle. Service was quick and everything we ordered was really good. We shared a few small plates, a rice bowl and one of their classic dishes.. it was definitely more than enough food for two people and the leftovers reheated pretty well for lunch the next day.
Our favorites were the Dan Dan noodles and the general tso's chicken. Compared to what I'm used to, the general tso's chicken wasn't as greasy, overly breaded or drowning in sauce. The pieces of chicken were closer to the size of boneless wings. We also had the soup dumplings, pan-fried chicken dumplings (forgot to take a pic) and bulgogi rice bowl. I have a feeling I'll be craving more soup dumplings once it starts to get colder out!Nothing is as disappointing as being surprised by the poor quality of a restaurant that is highly rated. Lesson learned to take ratings with a grain of salt.
I came here with a couple of friends and ordered a gamut of items from the menu to gain a comprehensive experience. Their "1+1 =3" gimmick is a total waste. Basically spend over $15 worth of food to get one of three drinks for free (of which includes soda).
My ill-fated dining experience and list of grievances:
Fried chicken wings: $6 worth of four tiny, tasteless wings that couldn't be redeemed by their bottled duck/sweet Thai chili sauce-esque
Xiao Long Bao (Soup dumplings): Okay on flavor, but really thick dumpling skin and light on the soup. Basically $1 for each piece of mediocrity.
Bulgogi Ramen: MVP for worst item of the night. Aside from the decent bulgogi, the broth tasted like water, except water is at least refreshing. The noodles were also flavorless and overcooked. Noticing a theme of disappointment? Also, who thought of putting that random sushi ginger in the noodle soup was a good idea. 
Taiwanese braised pork belly with rice: Chewy, overcooked pork. Enough said.
And for my free drink, I opted for the Vietnamese iced coffee. Where was the condensed milk? Tasted like the instant coffee variety.
Epic Yelp fail! Please stay away. Not enough stars to convince me to come back again!Grrrrreat food, service, ambience and affordably priced!!
We orderd shrimp wonton noodle soup with veggie, crispy flounder with honey walnut and veggie buns which were all very Delicious!! My husband and I were very satisfied :)Stopped here for a late lunch with my mom after a trip to the Barnes Museum.  I've had Dim Sum in San Francisco (several years ago) so my expectations were pretty high.  This was pretty darn good! It was relatively inexpensive, and quick. We had a Dim Sum variety plate supplemented with a few more items.  I think the soup dumplings were the best, but there was nothing bad on the plate.  I will definitely come here again.Got Ramen, scallion pancakes, bbq pork buns, and fried pork dumplings. I've had better everything from other places. The ramen shouldn't even qualify as ramen. It wasn't bad... But there is much much better out there.Wasn't sure what to expect, but was very pleasantly surprised from appetizer to main dish. Had the pork gyoza, house special fried rice, & tried my friends crunchy noodles with chicken, ham, & shrimp. Everything was fresh, delicious, and seasoned to perfection. The fried rice had that "wok" cooked taste that you just cant get at home when making your own fried rice. The server was very friendly & checked on us twice during the meal.I'm not usually a big fan of Chinese food, but this place is Awesome! I've now ordered 4 times and each time its seemed better.
Highlights for us have been the dumplings, the extremely well done flounder appetizer, & the general tsao's chicken are some of the most scrumptious versions of these dishes I've had in a long while.
I haven't tried it yet, but I cannot wait to try their dim sum brunch! So happy to have top notch Chinese in Fairmount!Came here in a whim after going to Eastern State Penitentiary and it was an awesome choice. The staff is so sweet and personable, and gave great advice on what to order. I had the dim sum platter and pork buns and that was more than enough for me. My friend and I also split the peach buns, super cute and tasty. We also really appreciated the complimentary scallion pancakes. Will definitely be coming back!Better than most, if not all, the dim sum restaurants in Chinatown, without having to battle with parking (because it's within walking distance of our apartment)! Fresh steamed dumplings, cha siu bao, xiao long bao, and crispy scallion pancakes. Free Dan Dan noodles with a $20 purchase too! So good. Found my weekly dim sum fix!I've ordered take out from here several times already and this is my first time eating in. The selection of dishes is pretty good and the overall quality of them is great. I'm particularly fan of the rice bowls. Customer service is superb here - went above and beyond to make sure I was comfortable and satisfied with my order. I've been ordering from here and will continue to do so in the future. I recommend this place for a quick eating in/out.I ordered the Honey Walnut Shrimp with steamed rice and the pork belly ramen noodles, overall super delicious and fresh! 
Pork Belly Ramen: The only downside is my silly self didn't realize how much fat would be on Pork Belly so I didn't eat any of the meat on my ramen but the broth and noodles were still yummy! 
Honey Walnut Shrimp: PERFECTLY crispy shrimp (The Honey sauce comes on the side so you get the option to add however little or more you want which I liked. 
I give it a 4 just because the website menu that I ordered from didn't really give a description of what was in the menu items I selected, but other then that will definitely try again!Service is great. The food is not that authentic, but come on, who cares when you are this close to all the tourist cites.I am so sorry I have neglected my taste buds from this establishment for so long. They have have come before the expected arrival times and the food and always nice, hot, and fresh! I ordered stir fry Udon and Chicken dumpling and it was delectable!!!!!  This food was so good, I ordered again the next day! Thanks Dim Sum !!I unfortunately didn't like this place. I was looking forward to trying a new spot and I was disappointed. Two orders were forgotten and what we did get wasn't good. The place itself was nice but probably won't be coming back.We love this place. Best dim sum in the neighborhood. Get the juicy buns and the green beans! The waitresses are the nicest.This place was great! My boyfriend and I are both vegan and the restaurant was very accommodating! We go the veggie dumplings and pan seared veggie buns and they were delicious! The fried rice with tofu was so good that we placed another order to go! I would definitely come back!This restaurant has the second best Chinese food I have ever had. Excellent prices for the quality and quantity of food. Service is good and staff is very friendly. Indulge in the delicious eats this restaurant has to offer. 
Rating down from 5 to 2. Food was cold. Extras requested weren't provided and didn't have much flavor this time. Very disappointed. 
I reordered from this restaurant about a week or so ago thinking maybe the chef was off that day and to give it another try. I had the same issues with this order as I had with last. Cold flavorless food and no attempt for redemption. Which brings me to my next point. 
Is there a such thing a redemption? If so I'd like to know what it feels like. With social media being what it is, you'd think that a business owner would check the ratings often and attempt to right the wrong or at least apologize. If I were a business owner, I'd reach out to my consumers and at least attempt to right the wrong. Anyone agree? No such luck with this restaurant. No more business from this consumer. Sorry not sorry...The food is ok, but the price is an advantage especially if you order noodle + dim sum sampler+free tea, it's enough for two people with very affordable priceWent here with a recommendation from a local in the Fairmount, Philly area. We were on vacation for the week and had a snow day. This place is a hidden gem. Firstly, the service was so nice. The waitress was friendly, patient, and so generous overall. She gave special attention to our two little girls, and gave them special kiddy chopsticks and drinking cups. She helped us choose dishes and delivered them out in a timely manner. The food was excellent and we had leftovers, which were packed very well. We are craving the dim sum! So glad to have had a chance to enjoy their food. Highly recommendGood reliable neighborhood dim sum place.  Great for dining in or take out.  Watercress dumplings and many more!I ordered Ramen for the first time ever from here and it was phenomenal. The packaging of my order was amazing, really made my experience great. The quality of the meal was as expected, I highly recommend them to anyone who wants a good meal for a reasonable price in the city.Excellent service, the space was perfect although it did get full by the end of my meal at lunch time. Attentive waitresses and great, hearty noodles. Big portions - bang for your buck.So good. We are fans of the other SangKee restaurants, so when this one opened up near our house, we went first chance we got. For our first meal, we got a selection of dumplings to go. Everything was tasty, still warm when we got home to eat and very filling for cheap. (On the dim sum menu, figure on getting two $5 dishes per person.)
The space is nice looking -- bright and airy -- and the woman manning the counter was super sweet to my toddler and gave us accurate info on when the order would be ready (which gave me a chance to plan how to occupy him until we could pick it up). 
Thrilled to have this addition to the local scene. We will be back many, many times I am sure.I had an awesome experience my first time getting ramen, tried it again bc I'm under the weather an requested it be spicy. The noodles used were not ramen noodles and it wasn't spicy at all.
Quality of the food has definitely gone down. Will be going to the place close to me going forward.Much more than dim sum and noodle dishes. 
If you like Taiwanese braised pork belly or beef, this is your spot as they've got both over rice or in your ramen. They also have life changing "honey lemon" green tea. 
It's a nice blend of American favorites like general Taos's with things you'd really see on a menu in China like mapo tofu. 
More like the places in Chinatown than most chinese spots elsewhere in the city.I had this place bookmarked for quite some time but never had the opportunity to get there until recently. I love me some Dim Sum and with so many positive Yelp reviews I was excited to finally try Dim Sum & Noodle. 
The interior is very nice and they have a cool mural on the wall. Our server was super friendly and helpful. The menu has several options other than just Dim Sum. They have some classic Chinese fare, Cantonese, Ramen, Korean, etc. 
We basically went with Dim Sum. We ordered steamed pork buns, soup dumplings, and pan fried dumplings. We also ordered the Dan Dan noodles and Chinese spinach in garlic sauce. Everything was excellent. The pork buns were great and the soup dumplings on par with Dim Sum Garden. I had the green tea and honey over ice and that was also quite good.
Dim Sum & Noodle lived up to their excellent reviews and with my daughter moving into the neighborhood, this will be a regular stop for us.I'm so glad we opted to drive thru Baltimore to get some good Chinese food in Philly!  
    The customer service was excellent!  The waiter anticipated our needs for extra bowls and napkins. 
   As for the food, every dish was awesome!  Beef chow fun is hard to get right - usually the noodle is too thick. The flavor either too "smokey" or not enough.  These guys got it right.
   Even the string beans - it's usually smothered in so much black bean sauce one would be reaching for tea/water the rest of the meal.  Here one can actually taste the vegetable and it was a good non-rubber texture.  
   They had a promotion going and we selected the scallion pancake.  It was light and not overly greasy.  
   This place should be busier but we're glad it wasn't when we went...we'll be back!This was my first experience with Dim Sum. There were lots of lunch combination options at reasonable prices.  However, there was only one option for a Dim Sum combination lunch. Unfortunately, the lunch combo was all pork, expect for one veggie dumpling.  So, we ordered 1 lunch combo which comes with a spring roll and the choice of soup, rice or noodles.  I ordered dim sum ala carte off the menu.
The scallion pancakes were very good; so crisp, flakey, and hot.  There is a generous size shrimp in the shrimp dumpling.  The dumpling skin is made fresh and uses gluten free flour (so I was told by our waitress).  I've come to realize, I'm not really a fan of steamed dumplings.  I think I'm more of pan fried dumpling girl. I tend to like things crispy.
My husband loved his Dim Sum Combination lunch. He would rate it as one of the best dim sum experiences and he thought the shrimp dumplings were to die for.Awesome Chinatown-quality dishes (first generation here who grew up in a Cantonese household in NYC). The food is up to par! We had a party of 8. Favorite dishes were the Dan Dan noodles (really good sauce), steamed Char Sui buns, soup dumplings, beef bulgogi rice bowl, house fried rice, and red chili oil dumpling. Our waitress, May, was incredibly helpful,  attentive, and friendly. We all agreed it was a really great experience. We stuffed our faces with 12 appetizers and 9 main dishes and the bill came out to $29 per person after tax and tip. It's BYOB. There's 1-hr metered parking on the street in front of the restaurant until 8pm ($2.50/hr). Highly recommend.What I learned from last night. Do your research on yelp before ordering rule #1.
We started off with an order of the Shrimp Shumai and let me tell you this looks nothing like Shrimp Shumai. As I ordered it the waitress goes it come with mushroom, some pork, some chicken in it. After being throughly confused and not eating since breakfast I said okay unconfidently. When the appetizer came out it was the exact opposite what you would think you are getting when you order it from say A1 Japanese SteakHouse - the exact opposite and we could not finish the order of 4 that came with the order.
Shrimp Dumpling Noodle Soup - totally tasteless. Couple of Bok Choy's thrown in, maybe five small shrimp dumplings, and your typical noodle base. I ate the shrimp dumplings and couldn't stomach to eat the noodles with no flavor.
After looking at some of the reviews on this restaurant I clearly made an error in judgement on what I ordered. Lesson learned the hard way. I do not believe I will ever be back to this part of the city again and find myself to give them another chance but who knows as I do love me some good Dim Sum. And as always fellow yelpers choose wisely and SYOY!!!In search of the best pad Thai in Philadelphia (rittenhouse area). Their pad Thai is the best I have tried so far. Large portions. I'm not a fan of pad Thai that is dry, so I ordered it with extra sauce. Perfecto.I have been consistently disappointed with the food here - personally I have found everything that I have ordered from here to be super bland and not at all flavorful. Note to self: never order from here again.If you go on a Sunday, make sure you get the 12 for 12 Brunch special. You get to try a little bit of everything on the dim sum menu. My boyfriend and I just went recently and tried their rice bowls--he got jalapeño beef bowl and I got the lemongrass Vietnamese chicken rice bowl. Both were amazing and had a HUGE amount of white rice, so if you're a rice lover like me you will be in heaven. There was actually so much rice in my bowl that I couldn't finish it and was sad to have left it behind. Still thinking about that rice today. The seasoning and spices in both of our rice bowls coated the white rice just enough to give it extra flavor without saturating it.My friend and I finished our semester today so we decided to celebrate here with lunch. :)
First and foremost, our waitress was the kindest server I've ever had. She was quick to seat us and offer drinks. She clarified a lot of the menu items and was extremely patient when walking us through ordering. She clearly cared about her customers and even shared a bit about her own life after she asked us how college was going. She gave us warmed wet wipes and fortune cookies near the end.
Secondly, the food was amazing and the sides were cheap. My friend and I ordered their pork fried dumplings, watercress steamed dumplings, and wontons. I ordered beef chow fun for my main dish and my friend got the lunch special of fried rice, stir-fried vegetables, and a spring roll. They also offer to swap the fried rice with lo mein and the spring roll with wontons/dumplings. Even without our main courses, our side orders were already filling. Our waitress also gave us scallion pancakes on the house. They were a bit dry and doughy, but they were free and such a nice surprise.
The atmosphere is lovely. It's a small place with beautiful art on the walls. It was pretty quiet when we arrived around noon on a weekday, with only about 4 tables filled by the time we left. They have a TV, but I doubt anyone was watching it. Plenty of seating options with chairs and booths.
I'm regretful that we were too hungry to take pictures of everything because it was such a nice spread of different items. I would definitely come back again!I absolutely fell in love with this restaurant and dim sum all together after eating here. My boyfriend and I both ordered the Dim Sum Combo. We both chose Wonton Soup which probably was the greatest we both have ever had before. Then our dumplings came the food was so amazing that we both cleaned our plates. I was enjoying the food so much that I was almost bouncing. I ordered Lo Mein for my side and my boyfriend ordered rice. They both were incredible, we actually went back before we had went back home to Virginia. The staff was so friendly and warm. We both HIGHLY recommend!Great customer service, delicious food, nice atmosphere, good price, and did I mention GREAT customer service? Dim sum noodle has it all.The scallion pancakes are delicious. I always get the beef and kimchee bowl and it's delicious. I wish they would put more sauce on the rice so it's not dry. The prices are reasonable and i enjoy the food.Visited with family of 7.
Great quality food, good service and ambience!
Serving size is very generous.. So make sure you work up a good appetite. 
Vegetarian friendly too.My go-to for dumpling takeout! Always fresh & delicious! Love the Shanghai Juicy Buns!Here now is the actual best Ramen I ever had in my entire life ..AUTHENTIC, it was perfectly cooked, the broth was on point, the chicken was delicious it has to be on your list if you ever visit Philly ... it was the Sesame Chicken and Shiitake Mushroom Noodle SoupLove this place! My second time coming here for a quick lunch dim sum and will highly recommend.  The dim sum is so yummy and affordable and their servers are super nice (especially Mei).  I will keep coming back to try more of their dishes! The place is located in a busy street in center city but I was always able to find parking even busy times.I had been craving dim sum for some time and glad I was able to find this place in a familiar neighborhood.  Parking can be tough in that area so if you can order delivery, that would be the less stressful option.  The establishment is a store front space.  You enter at the register where they lead you to the sitting/eating area towards the back or order to go.
The menu has all the popular dim sum dishes (shrimp dumplings, sticky rice, chicken wings, pork bao, and moree).  I've tried the majority of items and they were really good.  Just thinking about them now has me craving their food.
The food comes out warm and timely so no long wait.  The prices are good therefore this is the place for your dim sum fix!Being pretty much the only Chinese restaurants in the area. It is what it is. If you want better tasting and authentic food definitely visit Chinatown. I don't suggest coming here for dim sum or noodles. Not enough selection for dim sum and not fresh. Noodles are just okay. I feel like they have gotten worse over the years and is really catering more and more to the crowd that's around. For example, chicken feet from the dim sum menu is no longer haha.The food was really good and the service was outstanding. The Walnut Shrimp was very tasty.Not that good will not go back rice was horrible general those chicken ok waiting to small people on top of each other shoulder to shoulder should not be open to buiseness this way.I've been dying for good Dim Sum ever since my place was reconstructed into what is now Chushang Spicy. Within minutes of being seated, I noticed previous guests were heading out but not empty handed. They were handed takeout bags corresponding to whatever they ordered. That's a good sign, eh? 
Most dumpling places I've been to have a pretty standard menu for what they offer but this spot has a dish called Shu Mai. It's a variation of Dim Sum that includes a filling of Pork, Shrimp, and Mushroom. 
1 + 2 = FREE. That's right. Order a small plate, a noodle dish and get a free Honey Lemon Iced Green Tea. I ordered Shu Mai, Watercress Dumplings (4 to an order), and the Braised Pork Belly Ramen. The food came out hot and quick. I didn't feel rushed, more like well taken care of. I'm happy I've found a new spot to frequent.Loved the dim sum, but it is my first and only so I don't have much to compare it to.  The General Tso's was ok.  The lo mein was unique and incredible.  I'd recommend it if you're in the area and craving some chinese food, but not worth a special trip.Really enjoyed my experience and meal at this restaurant. Pork bau was delicious - my favorite! Will be coming back to try more dishes.Server admitted that majority of dim sums are straight from Asian market. They charge it 5 times more to steam them and put them on the plate. Noodles taste like they were soaked in water for a long time. Not authentic. Do not recommend.Instead of waiting an hour at a Dim Sum place in Chinatown, do yourself a favor and go to Dim Sum & Noodle. This place is the real deal without the wait and city hype. Always reliable for some good dim sum and great delivery. I highly recommend the chicken dumplings, char siu bao, and Shanghai juicy buns.Delightful little restaurant, excellent, pleasant service, priced right.
You order dim sum from the menu, rather than carts brought tableside.
Located just behind the Rodin Museum on Rodin Place.  We used it to break up our Rodin Museum experience into 2 segments.I don't know if it's the elitist prick in me, or the fact that you can find better dim sum just a short distance away but my food experience was rather disappointing. Let me say however the service was excellent and the waitress was very funny. My siu mai was lackluster at best. Spongy texture is to be expected however the lack of seasoning in the filling did not mask the overly watery texture. The sticky rice was not very flavorful, and the meat itself was very minimal and also not very flavorful. The soup dumplings were falling apart before I could put them on my spoon to properly slurp and eat them. And the garlic wings? 6 dollars for 4 wings is steep. The wings were okay but garlic? Not so much. This is just based off the fact that there are a few BETTER and cheaper options nearby that actually give you what you pay for. For what I got and what I paid I was pretty dissatisfied.To be completely honest, despite the high star rating, I really didn't expect too much from a dim sum place located at the end of a strip mall where a Mr. Chicken used to be. I figured it was the only restaurant offering dim sum in the area, thus giving it the high rating. We were in the neighborhood, very much in the mood for it, and didn't feel like venturing into Chinatown, so we gave it a shot it. I did have it bookmarked after all :) We were actually very surprised! 
We maneuvered around cars going in and out of Wawa right there and reminisced about how this used to be "our Wawa". (You know how everybody has THEIR Wawa) We talked about all of the businesses that have come and gone here in this shopping center, including the one where we first met as youngsters back in college! Oh, those precious memories!! Seems like forever ago! It took a little patience as we remembered it did to find a parking spot on this block. We parked unmetered (although most of them are, so come prepared) and we were good to go. 
We were welcomed warmly by both the male host and the woman who was to be our super kind, efficient waitress. We were sat immediately in a mostly empty space for an early Sunday night dinner on a cold, rainy day. (By the time we left around 5:30pm, the crowds started rolling in). A lovely mural on one wall, decorative benches on the other, and a flat screen muted. A very nice warm change from the former business, but if you ask hubs, he still would say he missed Mr.Chicken. 
The menu had a plethora of really tempting options, more than just dim sum! Some classic Chinese fare, Cantonese, many different soups, a bunch of noodle bowls, Korean, even Japanese. The desserts reached as far as French and Italian inspired with tiramisu & creme brûlée. Interesting. Gluten free and veg friendly plates too! Definitely something here for every taste. 
We started with crispy delicious spring rolls and hot tea. They do offer a lemon green tea with the option to add boba or aloe for a dollar or so more which peaked my interest, but it's only offered iced so on this dreary chilly day, we stuck to hot. I'll definitely try that aloe tea in the future though!
The four of us were able to split two dishes with the addition of a small bowl of white rice for just $1.50 AND have leftovers. Portions were rather large! The kiddos had their heart set on a fried needle noodles. They saw an option with veggies on the menu and asked to add tofu. Not an issue at all so don't be afraid to ask for something here! Very accommodating. I ordered the green veggie curry hot pot, mild. It was absolutely delicious!! Memorable in fact. It was a tad hot however, both taste and obviously temperature. A little scoop of rice helped combat the spice, but really, I wouldn't order it any other way than mild. (Helped clear my sinuses!) I did have a fork full of the noodle dish and that too was incredibly tasty! The noodles came over a broth which was so flavorful! I would recommend both dishes and solely based on this first experience alone would absolutely come back again and could with completely confidence give this spot a 4.5 rating already! 
We will surely be back and wished we still lived close enough to have this as our go to Asian craving option. The dim sum 12 for $12 Sunday brunch looked interesting too! Maybe we'll come back for that! 
It's NOT cash only anymore & I believe it is BYO!Great place near the art museum. The food is pretty average for an Asian restaurant in the area. However the prices aren't too bad (~$4 for dimsum, $5 for Dan Dan noodles). What really sets them apart is their customer service; all the staff are warm, welcoming, and friendly.Counterintuitive website.  Unresponsive.  Food cold.  DO NOT order online!!!Looking for good beef chow fun is hard in Philly. Looking for a Chinese restaurant with good service is even harder. But this place has both! 
I love that I don't have to walk to Chinatown for damn good Chinese food!It was a small friendly place. Very convenient to the Franklin institute, free library and Barnes foundation. Prices were slightly higher than Chinatown, BUT, the Dimsum fillings were full of meat and they did not skimp on ingredients. This means we were able to order less but leave just as full. 
I would recommend a trip here.
Notes: 
- Dimsum is made to order
- Soup buns (xiao long bao) could use more soup, but were not bad
- They give a fried pancake/dumpling/something complementary with a $25 or more purchase
- Only one bathroom
- The braised pork flavor was very good, but the noodles used for the ramen are NOT ramen noodles (I would recommend skipping the noodles and just ordering the pork).Dim Sum & Noodle overall was pretty decent! It wasn't the best dim sum I've ever had, but it was pretty good and for sure hit the spot.
When I was there, they actually gave us a complimentary order of scallion pancakes which was really sweet. Service was so incredibly quick and efficient - our waitress kept commenting on how proud she was that we were finishing everything, and I became personally invested in seeing that through to the end.
We stuffed ourselves full on BBQ Char Sui pork buns, chili oil beef dumplings, tom yum soup, Shanghai juicy buns, and banana leaf sticky rice (we devoured that up and I couldn't grab a picture)
The juicy buns (or soup dumplings) could have definitely used more soup in them, but the seasoning was good. The scallion pancakes had that great, crisp crunch but maybe could have been seasoned more. The tom yum soup was alright - definitely could have also had more of that classic tangy flavor. The char sui buns and the chili oil beef dumplings were my favorite and the sticky rice was also really great.
I think I would maybe do takeout here again. If you have a craving and don't feel like walking all the way to Chinatown if you're in the area, it's worth a stop by!I got the dim sum lunch special which came its noodles. It was all very good, service was good. I will go again.This place is pretty good. The food is tasty (and has large portions) and the service is quick and attentive. Their menu is a bit confusing, specifically their pick two get one free promotion, since I thought this meant there was one set price but that is not the case. Each item is priced individually and you'll pay for two of them. Maybe I didn't read closely enough but I feel they should have noted that better.
I really enjoyed the sweet peach buns. They are sweet but not super sweet, and they still taste like an appetizer rather than a dessert. My ramen (garlic spare rib) was filling and very flavorful. My husband got the pork belly ramen and gave me a some of his to try. The pork belly was phenomenal, and if I return I will make sure to get it next time. The pork is juicy and melts in the mouth. 
Don't worry too much that this place is in a strange little strip mall, the food here is good and it's not a bad choice for lunch.I was skeptical at first because restaurants in this location don't seem to last long. I wasn't a fan of Chicken Bowl (previous owner) and the eatery before that was a chicken tender joint. I was convince to give it a go when I heard it was by the same people from Sang Kee. Guess what? I'm coming back! 
I was intrigued by how cultural diverse the menu is. I got the scallion pancakes and bulgogi & kim chi rice bowl. To me, these are pretty basic entrees. If they aced the basic dishes, I'm certainly coming back to try more.Needed some good traditional Chinese dishes that didn't cost an arm and leg. Small family own, but service was friendly and warming we had a huge party and they were very accommodating.First time going. Place is a good intimate size and was cool and comfortable on this super hot day. All the dim sum plates i had were great- Shanghai juicy buns, pan seared dumplings and scallion pancakes. The string beans here were my absolute favorite! I also got the beef belly ramen which was bland for my taste. Creme brulée was good ending to the lunch.Recently tried Dim Sum and Noodle for lunch and from the first bite to the last it was amazing! The honey lemon green tea was perfect on a hot day. The lotus buns were addictive and the Hawaiian shrimp fried rice was perfect! Then we topped it off with key lime cheesecake that I wish I hadn't split with my friend. Lol! The service was top-notch, the decor was simple (just a handful of tables). I love that they bring out your food when it is ready rather than waiting for the entire table to be served at once so you get your meal hot. We will be back again and my Temple student is happy they deliver to campus!Simple, good, and inexpensive!
Don't get their chicken wings or the bbq Korean short rib no good but get everything else!
Their green beans with pork are amazing and must have. Juicy buns are very good I just wish they had more broth. They have a pork belly rice dish that's also must get. You'll definitely get food envy when you see what your neighbors ordered everything looks so good!This restaurant is not a good choice for a great meal! I tried once and I promised myself I'll never return. Save yourself the appetite (b4 u walk in) and money (hard earned), travel a mile more to Philly Chinatown (i know it's a pain in the neck to find parking, but worth it) for real Chinese food. They know they will not survive and compete among those authentic restaurants in Chinatown, so that's why you're finding them here..I really liked this spot!! We did take out and it was an easy pick up experience and it is definitely affordable. The Steamed Shanghai Juicy Buns were the favorite - super flavorful and some of my favorite dumplings I've had. Another favorite were the Pan Seared Vegetable Buns. It came with 3 an order and they were super good - a little different than I was expecting but everyone enjoyed. I didn't love their vegetable dumplings but I think it is a matter of taste. I'll definitely be ordering from here again!Absolutely delicious!!! We had the Dan Dan noodles, shrimp wonton soup, shrimp lo mein, and pepper steak with onions. All of the dishes are extremely hot, fresh( and flavorful. Service was great too. We'll definitely be back!Delicious food and good service -- but plan to pay in cash. I ate here a few weeks ago and paid using a credit card I almost never use. In fact, Dim Sum & Noodle was the only transaction on this card in the last 2 months. The other day, my credit card company notified me that it declined 2 fraudulent transactions -- both from Target. The transaction was listed on my statement as TARGET T-3227, which is the store number of the Target that's just around the corner from this restaurant. Seems pretty obvious that somebody at this restaurant swiped my credit card info when I was there.