I was happy to hear that Dim Sum Garden has moved to a superior location.  The new restaurant has a much improved ambience.  I especially like the modern stone walls decorated with the artsy photographs of Shanghai.  Although this is a new location, the food is still authentic and top notch.  My favorites are the soup dumplings and the crispy pan fried juicy dumplings or buns.  These dumplings are like the ones I have eaten in Shanghai that were highly recommended.  The service is friendly and efficient.  The manager is professional and takes pride in the quality of the food.  This is a worthwhile and unique dining experience for those on a modest budget.  I have eaten at the new location three times and will definitely return.Came here on a Thursday night with a friend for dinner. She raved about it so I was excited to try the food. I think I've been to the place before but at its previous location?
We had the chicken and broccoli which was delicious (but still like my mom's version better) and the pork soup dumplings. They were yummy and fun to eat. 
Place was clean with cute decor on the walls. Ambience was nice as well. It was dim and had a great vibe for a lowkey date or dinner with close friends. I would definitely come back here whenever I'm in Chinatown.I'm on a quest to try all the highly recommended dumpling places in philly. Dim Sum Garden's pork soup dumplings take the best pork soup dumplings in philly yet. Highly recommend. Quick service. So so so good and reasonably priced too.My kid and I love the crab and pork dumplings.  Best that I have had yet.  Their stewed chicken is also very good.This is my first time to give a restaurant only one star. 
If you are American, maybe you would like this place because the updated decoration and the relatively clean environment comparing with other Chinese restaurants. However, the food is terrible. 
I happened to sit at the table where you can see what's going on in the kitchen. As far as I observe, all the food is pre-made or frozen. They are NOT fresh! I saw the chef in the kitchen took a piece of scallion pancake from the refrigerator, which from  the package you can tell it's the frozen scallion pancake you can get from supermarket. Then the chef took a small bowl of mapo tofu from refrigerator, he heated it in the microwave, 2 mins later, mapo tofu is served....
I don't know why this place is so packed especially on weekend. The service is ok, the food is horrible, besides the food are all pre-made/frozen, they add MSG in every dish. 
The only good thing about this restaurant is the price is reasonable, but hey, you are eating frozen food, how much you would pay for it?Okay for the first time, keep in mind that it is cash only!
Im a vegetarian and wanted to try new things so i asked about the vegetarian duck- that sounds off and should have been a no from the start. It was a combination of chewy, yet kindof slimy since theres mushrooms in it... And it was VERY cold for being on a cold dish list on the menu. The vegetable noodles were only okay, and needed alot more salt because i felt there was no flavor at all. However, the servers were very nice, and despite all the commotion i do not think i will be coming back here.Had the dim sum and it was amazing. Service was good. Portions and prices were excellent. We were a party of 6 at the height of the dinner hour and we were seated immediately. Highly recommend. Cash only.Dim sum garden totally lived up to the hype. Quick service, cash only, BYO, affordable, great food. Total wait time was less than 10 min on a Sunday evening.
The Mapo tofu. 20/10. And no, that's not a typo. This is definitely the best dish I had tonight. It can be ordered alone to share with the group or over rice or noodles to make it a meal for one. Also have the option to add pork for the meat lovers. The pan fried chicken dumplings and red bean paste buns were a hit too.
Now, the vegetarian soup dumplings - definitely a misnomer because there was no soup to be found inside my dumplings!! Sorry vegetarians, on we go hunting for those perfect vegetarian soup dumplings. Also wasn't a huge fan of the Kung pao chicken over noodles either. 
Overall, so much food - all for less than 35$. Amazing!!Came here just to get two orders of dumplings.... Soup dumplings and shrimp dumplings. We planned on getting sushi elsewhere as our main meal after. Arrived at 1:30pm to be seated with two other couples because they were pretty busy which was fine because we were hungry and just wanted to be quick. By 1:40 had our order in. As everyone else at the table started their meals we received our shrimp dumplings. It is now 2:30 and everyone else finished and payed and we were told our soup dumplings would be 2 more minutes. It's been awhile since we've had service this bad. Do not order the soup dumplings if you are really hungry or if you have anywhere else to be.So cheap, so yummy, plus BYOB! Love coming here with my boyfriend or with groups of friends! During the week it is usually pretty easy to get seating, but on the weekend you will have to wait a little. The service is always on point, so they move through people pretty quickly. They have plenty of options of dumplings and then regular and Americanized Chinese food (ie. General Tso's). So there is something for everyone! 
WARNINGS: I've been before when they didn't ID for alcohol, but I think they recently have started to ID check, so beware of that you young-ins! Also, cash only, there's an ATM inside.The pork soup dumplings are succulent! A longing occurs about an hour after with the feeling you should have eaten one more. The scallion pancakes are simply the best, too. I'm salivating just writing about this.Whoa... saw the reviews, didn't believe the hype.  I'm a believer now.  New place is nice, clean, and food is amazing.  Two hungry people fed for $20?  Awesome.No Din Tai Fung. The xiao long bao are bigger with thicker wraps and less soup than I like. OK they are cheaper but that doesn't offset the quality. Ordered the pan fried soup dumplings and the preparation didn't make them any better than the steamed. The shrimp shumai is average to sub par, but the vegetable dumplings are surprisingly good.
I should have realized that with XLB on the menu this isn't a traditional Cantonese dim sum place, so anyone going expecting the usual selection of dim sum items will be sorely disappointed.Best Pork Soup dumplings ever.  The long ridiculous lines are worth it (at least for me).Excellent food! I wish there is a dim sum place like this in the Northern Virginia. 
My family's favorites are Xiao Long Bao, Crabmeag Xiao Long Bao, Chicken on the stick, pickled cabbage with tofu skin, .... etc.
It would be better 1. if the waiters are more fluent in English, 2. if they could maintain the restrooms clean, and 3. if they accept credit cards as well.Tried this place after walking around Chinatown. I'd rate it as solid, but nothing spectacular. We had to wait in a pretty long line to get in, and once we did it was like we were getting hustled through the meal. It's LOUD in there, so not a great place for a first date, and also very crowded. Hard to find parking nearby, so suggest walking from a few blocks out. Our table got the general tso's chicken, dumplings, spring rolls, and a couple of pork dishes. Everything was good, nothing amazingAll hand made and so delicious! The wontons in the soup have thin dough and great insides - unlike and of those frozen wonton soups you can sometimes get.  The soup dumplings are great - but my favorite thing to order is the fried chicken dumplings. I've never had them quite like the ones here. I crave them! There is a bit of a wait during peak hours and there are no reservations on weekends - but well worth the wait!  Also - Cash Only.It was my first time trying Dim Sum with my coworkers and this place is exceptional! Try the vegetarian dim sum along with the other choices, it's light and flavorful. I ordered a noodle dish on the inside incase the dumplings werent filling enough and it was a good additional supplement.Definitely my go to for Soup dumplings, other places are just as good for other dim sum. Very very good soup dumplings both vegetarian and with pork and with crab and pork. I could eat my weight in the soup dumplings. Fried pancake was meh, shrimp dumpling was meh,  Cheap. Good for a crowd. Only takes cash. Must stand and wait in line. What I've had on the rest of the menu was fantastic.The service and set up for this location needs improvement. It's a wonderment to me that there are over five hundred reviews. The service here is so poor and time elapsed that I would be able to write a complete review while waiting to be served and taken care as a customer. The food and service is one star rating, they could do a whole lot better.  Thank youOur group thought Dim Sum Garden was marvelous. We ordered the pork and crab dumplings - loved the flavor, portion size, and price! I was blown away by the Shanghai fried rice cakes; think chewy rice cakes lightly coated in a flavor-bomb sauce. Scallion pancakes were crispy & pretty standard. One underrated dish was the seasonal greens; we had the sautéed snow pea leaves and although they appeared limp and sad, they were super bright & refreshingly tasty in between the dumpling feast elements of the meal. Service was relatively quick but curt. They can accommodate a larger group if you go on an off time as they have ample space in the backroom, but beware as people know this place serves great dim sum in Philly so it does tend to fill up quickly. Come for the soup dumplings & rice cakes, you will not be disappointed!Food was adequate. The food took FOREVER to get to our table and we got each persons meal 15-20 mins. apart and got our appetizer last. A 6 person family ate their whole meal before we got our food. Their pepper didn't look like pepper but it kind of tasted like sand. They also carried the trash passed us three times and it was gross.I have not written a review lately, but this time I think it is important to share the experience. I keep seeing 4 and 5 stars for this place, but my experience was only 3. 
I have visited this place twice. First time, it was 4 stars, better food... I came for dinner, everything was nice and clean. The servers were polite, the food came fast, the taste was good. Again, I would not give 5 stars.  
Second time, very disappointing. It seems that the quality of food is getting worse. I had 3 plates, steam pork, steam shrimp dumplings, beef fried dumplings. The taste was just decent. My stomach felt really bad due to the beef dumplings. I could not  digest them... Probably the meat was not ok! 
Anyway, the servers were again polite and fast. Also the Thai mango pina smoothie was excellent.My cravings have been satisfied! When in downtown Philly, come to Dimsum Garden. Fresh made to order, we had pork soup dumplings, crab soup dumplings and scallion pancakes. The only drawback, they only accept Cash.The food at this place is great. We got the spicy and the regular pork soup dumplings, the chinese broccoli in garlic, and the rice cakes. It's incredibly affordable and between the four of us, it was less than $40. I enjoyed the soup dumplings thoroughly and the side dishes were great too.
The only problem I have with this place is that it's not the cleanest. Understandably, it's in the city and it does get very busy, but sides of tables are sticky and chopsticks had bits of food left on them, so make sure you check your utensils and plates! Service is okay, but it could be because the restaurant does get very busy. Great for when you're craving nice cheap food!My favorite restaurant in Chinatown. Outstanding service and really good food. I usually order anything from the first page of their menu. Service is fast, the staff is friendly, best shanghai steamed dumpling in town.Good Dim Sum place. Really long lines on the weekends, but it moves at a reasonable pace. My favorite thing here are the soup dumplings and scallion pancakes.My husband and I had lunch here on a recent trip to Philly.  This restaurant has a modern atmosphere and a mixture of traditional and more Americanized Chinese food. The quality of the food was excellent. The prices were somewhat higher than other restaurants in Chinatown, especially for dim sum.
We had the pork xiao long bao, Shanghai style shao mai, Shanghai triple delight mini wonton soup, marinated gluten, and mapo tofu. The xiao long bao were delicious with a lot of soup in each dumpling. The wonton soup had tender wontons with very light and flavorful broth. My husband really enjoyed the marinated gluten and said it was very authentic. The mapo tofu was some of the best that I had ever had with the sauce had a great mixture of spice with only a small amount of numbing pepper.  The only so-so dish was the shao mai.I kept deciding between a 4 and 5 star... but .. I can't even.. justify a 4 star. They are THAT good!
And the new location is goddamn BEAUTIFUL. That's what pushes it to the 5 star. It is just.. MILES AWAY from the old place. This place is huge!! You walk in: it's clean, modern, chique and actually quite large. You can walk alllll the way down the long skinny hallway. I also LOVE the open kitchen set up. It's beautiful, you gotta go see it.
With the beautiful renovation I was worried their prices would skyrocket! Nooo way. Still the good old prices we always knew. Maybe a quarter increase, MAYBE. 
Needless to say, SHANGHAI SOUP DUMPLINGS aka xialongbao. To die for. Don't burn your tongue when you bite the dumplings. You have to take a small bite, like the juice run out in your spoon.. and slurp it all up. What a comforting thought...
Scallion pancakes: done very well. wouldn't change a thing
Shrimp dumplings are good as well
A lot of people just get the XLB. I've ordered seaweed and egg soup, the items I described above and more. They've never disappointed me. Service is always quick, friendly and efficient. Goddamnit I want one now...service is a hit and miss. Its always pack on weekends. crabmeat xiao long bao is better than regular soup dumplingOh my gosh, this place is heaven. Definitely my favorite spot in Chinatown! The food is so good and my family and I (there were eight of us) ordered a lot from the menu and loved everything! There dumplings are out of this world. So much flavor! They just continuously bring you out food. It's reasonably priced and you definitely get your money's worth! Always will come back!Came here for Sunday lunch. The place was packed which usually is a good sign that the food is decent. The interior looks a lot more modern than most other places in Chinatown, it has an open kitchen which most Chinese restaurants don't do, and the place looks clean. The wait was a little long, that might be the only knock on the place. The food was good, I would def recommend the pan fried soup pork dumplings and the scallion pancakes. Service was quick but servers are not friendly, fairly typical of Chinese restaurants. Price was about right for the quantity and the quality. Overall it was a good experience and I would definitely come back again.Had lunch here yesterday. For two people under $20, with a lot of food. We had the spring rolls, vegetable buns and two orders of the pan fried soup dumplings. Everything was very tasty. Service was fast and the staff was very friendly.been to the new Dim Sum Garden on Race St quite a few times now... wasn't going to review it until I had been there a handful of times so they had time to work out kinks and such.
I've been going to DSG for years... It's my favorite little spot. Well, not so little anymore. The food is just as great. While there can be a bit of a language barrier with the wait staff, I don't find that to be any reason for me to take stars away. 
Xiaolongbao, aka soup dumplings are of course my favorite thing... Maybe ever. As well as the bok choy. I live for their bok choy. In addition, I really enjoy the turnip cakes, the pork and chive dumplings, and well... Anything I've tried. 
I will always find it a difficult task to be in the city and go somewhere else to eat.As a Chinese, this is an American Chinese restaurant and I wont recommend any of my American friend going there. There are better dim Sum restaurant around there. Just search dim sum in Yelp and you would see.This place sucks. The only thing I can eat here is STEAM RICE. Mapo Tofu here is the worst I have ever had. And dumplings and dim sum are freaking bad.
Never come to this place again.I see it echoed in some other reviews, but when I went here, I was pretty grossed out. There was a large uncovered piece of meat resting on the counter next to piles of dirty dishes where we were sitting waiting for our table. I'm fairly laid back so I let that go, hoping the food would be good, since I've heard so many positive things. The presentation was really sloppy for the vegetarian soup dumplings and they were fairly tasteless. I had to douse them in sauces and still didn't quite enjoy it. I chalked it up to maybe what I ordered isn't their strong suit, but the other people I was with ordered a bunch of different things, some with meat and no one was impressed. My one friend ordered hot and sour soup (again, probably not their strongest dish but how can you mess that up?) and it was in a thin tasteless broth. I would not go again. I noticed a lot of college-age people there with bottles of wine, so I'm assuming it's more geared toward that crowd.Soup dumplings are amazing here. A quick tip to determine how many orders to get is to count how many people are in your group and then add a couple more. The service staff here are pretty attentive and more so than most Asian restaurants. 
However, I would suggest against ordering past the first two pages of their menu. The restaurant is aptly named, and only their dim sum is worth praising as their entrees arent that good. I remember the sad colored water that I got called "taro bubble tea" and regret not going to one of the nearby bubble tea places. 
(BTW, I found out that another place called "Tom's Dim Sum" thats just a couple blocks away offers very similar quality pork soup dumplings like a dollar cheaper per order, but the Garden's still taste a little better)Favorite place in Chinatown! Best dim sum, reasonable prices, byob. I have nothing negative to say about this place! Keep it up, dim sum garden!Introduced to this place by my friend and pleasantly surprised.  I love soup dumplings (Xiao long bao) and they I would have to say have the best in Philly.  There is so much soup in the bun.  I have tried Joe's Shanghai in NYC and I think its close if not better.  I'll have to do a test one day to compare.  Only real downfall is that they only take cash.  I've never eaten here only have done take out a few times.Pretty good BYOB in the heart of Chinatown. Although they have a very extensive menu, the soup dumplings are a definite must. The pork soup dumplings are my go to every time and I've never been disappointed. The fried cheese wontons are also great on the side. This place is great for large groups and you always leave with a pretty inexpensive tab and full stomach.We must've had the wrong dishes, food was mediocre. Scallion pancakes were decent, crisp but still oily. Shrimp dumplings were fine but not fantastic. Pork and napa dumplings had a nice gingery touch but didn't taste flavorful. Service was great.I was a bit disappointed to find out this is the not the traditional dim sum where they push carts around. However, it was still decent. The soup dumpling is the specialty there.Awesome soup dumplings and variety
BYO
Cheap
Only accepts cash so beware of thatExcellent yummy food. The Shanghai soup dumplings were very good, so too the beef dumplings, and the Shanghai wonton noodle soup was great. I loved the sauces at the table. My reason for four stars is because the noodles and the clear shrimp dumplings were overcooked. Would definitely recommend and likely return!Service & quality have really gone down here & the prices have gone way up!. The sui mai, my favorite from here, is now gummy, tough & lost much of the flavor it had in the past. The pork soup dumplings were not as roasty as they used to be. The pan fried chive dumplings were overcooked & hard. This was a terrible take out experience. I ordered on yelp (bc they only take cash otherwise). The yelp/grub hub order system told me 55 to 65 mins to pick up so I called to ask ifc that was right. They told me 10 mins as they always do. When I came in a after about 15 or 20 mins they acted like they never heard of my order. They look around at all the orders very confused h then determine it hasn't been made yet. Then they treat you like a 2nd class citizen telling me to sit at the lonelylonely unused bar.   
I'm not sure if I'll be back which is sad considering dim sum garden has been as long term favorite. I think they failed at scaling this place. They were much better under the dirty convention center, by the bus terminal,  on 11th st with the old grandma's making their food.The price, the smoothies and the pork soup dumplings are the greatest features of this place. The food is great but sometimes a little disappointing. Went yesterday and ordered a chicken noodle dish and the chicken was like a jello/rubber texture - kinda scary. Definitely order the pork soup dumplings though - they are amazing!!! And their smoothies - just fresh fruit slushies - delicious!You can't go wrong here. Get the soup dumplings. They will fill you with warm crab and pork loveliness. Always pleasantly surprised when the bill comes. Not sure about the entrees but you can't go wrong sticking to the dim sum offerings.That place? Yeah, that's the place. It's in that little underpass, right where you catch the Chinatown bus. I'm not usually one for eating dumplings in a tunnel, but for once I'll break this persnickety little rule of mine. 
This was the mission: I had not had xiao long bao in forever, and word on the street was that that this was the spot for soup dumplings in Philly. Yay, man, for real. The steamed "juicy pork buns," as they're called on the menu are some fine, fine XLB. Tender dumpling skin surrounds a rich, porky broth and meatiness. 
If you've never had xiao long bao before, don't just bite into them like some crazed dumpling beast. You'll end up with a big burned lip, ya animal, and the worst part is that you'd be wasting that delicious broth. Tsk, tsk.
 It just takes a little technique. Not sure if my moves are authentic or not, but I don't waste a drop of that soup, so it's been working out for me. I hold the thicker part of the dumpling with my chop sticks as I hold it in the soup spoon as the same time. A tiny bite lets the juiciness flow out to fill up the spoon. Slurp that up, then enjoy the rest of that xlb of yours. That's how I do; maybe a little hot chile or gingery dumpling sauce...but really these don't need any extra thing. For a little more than $5 for 8 of em, it's a snack that I will most likely have a hard time scurrying by in that little 11th street tunnel.So delicious, it makes me sad that I can't eat anything off the menu now! (Vegan). But for those meat eaters out there, give this place a whirl you will LOVE it. Try the chicken on a stick, so simple but tasty! And remember to eat your dumplings properly.Dumplings were Excellent! Tried 3 types and they were all great. Chow fun noodles were great also, although it went by another name. Definitely a must visit place in Philly.Shanghai restaurant. Superior version of Xiaolongbao; plump and fresh tasting. The Shanghai fried soup dumpling was very good, too. And everything else was at least good.This place is more Shanghai based than the traditional Cantonese based dim sum, so quite a few favorites of mine was missing. The food overall was OK, with the only item standing out to be the Dikon cake, which was extremely good!This place is amazing. Their food is amazing and the prices are really cheap. Be prepared to leave stuffed.I didn't know what a soup dumpling was until I visited this place and another place called Sakura Mandarin a couple of doors away, and I have to say they taste like Gods are having sex in your mouth. Unprotected sex that is, so be careful because the contents of the dumpling (the soup) can be pretty hot. For those who ignore it, those dumplings are like regular dumplings but they tightly sealed with some sort of soup inside that will wake the hell out of you. The dough, by the way, is fresh, just as in the noodle soup I ordered, and its chewiness is simply unforgettable. I'm not really a fan of noodle soups, but the freaking hand made fresh noodles will make enjoy anything on your plate. I also got fried rice, something that looked like arepas, and some veggie dumplings and everything seemed cooked by Martha Stewart on Crystal Meth. I also ordered a diet coke and the whole bill was around 25 bucks for big portions we couldn't finish and had to take home. In a nutshell, great restaurant. Better than anything I've tried in LA.Quick service great service and the soup dumplings ..Tricky to eat but worth it ...This place opened up its second location about a year ago and we haven't looked back since!
Today we ordered pork soup dumplings, scallion pancakes, pork and chive panfried dumplings, brisket noodle soup (hand tossed noodles) and pan fried pork soup dumplings all for under 30$. The amount of food you get for the price is absolutely absurd. We have yet to make a trip without leaving with leftovers. 
The only drawback is that it's cash only but there is an ATM on site. Luckily, I'm willing to look past certain things as this is our favorite dim sum spot in Philadelphia!Four of us ate here today and overall we were disappointed.
We shared appetizers:
Pork Moon Cakes - these were small for the price, but were tasty when you got a bite that had a good ratio of dough to filling
Bean Paste Cakes - I've had better, but I can't really find anything specific to point fault at
Steamed Veggie Dumplings - nothing to write home about
Fried Pork Soup Dumplings - these were fabulous
________________________
My husband ordered General Tso's Chicken with Noodles.  He requested the dish to be made extra spicy and it was still very mild.  It was a good sized serving for the money, but pretty light on the chicken.
My daughter got the Shrimp with Broccoli over Ho Fun noodles.  She found it enjoyable.  But, as above, it was mostly noodle.
Her boyfriend and I each ordered the Duck over noodles.  This was a severe disappointment.  First the bulk of the dish was noodles and bok choy.  The duck serving was small and mostly bones.  Additionally, while the noodles, sauce, and vegetables were nice and hot - the duck was ice cold, as if it came right out of the 'fridge.  We sent it back and it came back out hot - scalding hot, plate and all so it was obvious that it had taken a ride in the microwave.  Not only did this overheat the dish, but it made the noodles gummy and the meat tough and chewy.
Further, while the restaurant is listed as wheelchair accessible, it is not wheelchair friendly.  There is very little room to navigate throughout the space.  More concerning, when we were leaving, the ramp that leads to the upper level of the restaurant, was filled with patrons waiting to be seated making our exit impossible until every person found someplace else to stand.
_______________________
Finally service is haphazard.  Our appetizers came out quickly, followed almost immediately by our entrees, making us feel rushed.  Requesting refills on drinks were often overlooked, not just by our table but by the one next to us as well.  Also, a server ran their cart into my daughter's wheelchair, when busing tables.  He neither apologized nor even acknowledged hitting her.
As we live about an hour away from Philadelphia, making this a special outing, we were really let down.
(written by K Dolinger)I don't understand why this restaurant gets such good reviews. It's not up to par with the authentic food experience in the rest of Chinatown. The shanghai soup dumplings were not refined and the potistickers were lacked a good chewy dough. 
I suppose it's good for non Chinese speaking Americans as the service is friendly and the waitstaff are eager to recommend and help even if you don't speak English. 
For me, I think I'll stick with the traditional Chinese fair in Chinatown.What a find!  Spend hours and hours here with friends.  The lunch was delicious, served quickly, and hot and tasty.  We all ordered from the lunch specials and they were very good and extremely well-priced.
The restaurant was so relaxed.   We ate and then sat drinking tea and socializing for a long time.  No one rushed us out at all.  There were some empty tables, otherwise we would not have stayed.  It was a delicious, relaxing time.  Super clean restroom, as well!  Always a plus in my book.  Check this place out.  Enormous menu.  You will surely find what you like!To start off, they have great dim sum. It comes out fast, and very delicious. However, the service is horrible. Waitress and the waiter is all over the place and I get a sense that they want us to leave as soon as possible. Let me enjoy my meal, you know? One thing I don't like is that they accept cash only most the times. Am I the only one who doesn't carry cash around?Coming from New York, I'm used to the traditional dim sum with the carts. My friends and I were craving for some dim sum and stumbled upon this place with good reviews. The food was okay, I've had better. The xiao long bao is pretty good, I'd recommend it. Other than that it's pretty average food. I wouldn't come here just for the dim sum.Amazing soup dumplings. Love going here every time I am in Philly!  Fast and friendly serviceThis has been my go-to place in Chinatown for years and I love bringing out of town guests or coming here on group dates. The food is really great. Aside from the soup dumplings which are obviously a must, the chicken on a stick is my favorite and always a crowd pleaser. They had a health code violation a few years ago and had to close but it hasn't really stopped me from coming back (although the bathroom + kitchen certainly could look cleaner).
They do not take reservations but don't let the line intimidate you, it moves quickly - especially for smaller groups. It used to be BYOB making the meal very affordable. The last time I came they added alcohol to the menu and while they still allow you to BYO they charge a somewhat ridiculous $15 corkage fee (although you at least get real wine glasses now instead of red solo cups). . 
Definitely don't come here expecting world class service. BUT if you want amazing dim sum, yup this is the place.Love this place. Service is super fast!  Food is delicious. Even if you come and there's a long line moves pretty quickly so don't fret.My family loves shrimp dumplings and scallion pancakes. I enjoy the soup dumplings.  The one thing they could absolutely work on is the cleanliness of their pots. I get that they are used over and over again. Sometimes they look like they need a good scrubbing as food residue may be left on the outside. The bathrooms clubs also use a bit of TLC.Best dumplings I've ever gotten in philly's chinatown. 
We ordered practically one of everything on the dim sum menu (still kind of surprised we ate it all). And we had a slight hiccup. We asked for 2., 4., 8. and 10. and the guy taking our order thought we wanted 2 orders of number 4. We caught it in enough time, they fixed it and we're really gracious about it. THAT is hard to find in chinatown!
So, the reason for 4 instead of 5 stars, we got there at 10:30 when they opened and we were seated ordered and we're told our dumplings would take about 20 mins. Makes sense, they just opened, they're not super simple to make. Sure! 40 mins goes by and we're waiting for that #2 and #4 to come out. When we ask a waitress she said "it's takes 20 mins and we just opened." We got here at 10:30 when you supposedly opened. Nothing had really been set up at 10:30. If they aren't ready to serve anyone until 11 or 11:15, then don't open until then. Easily overlooked bc of the great food, but it is a little annoying. My advice get there before noon to avoid the rush, but eat breakfast a little later, you'll be waiting a long time.Dimsum garden is a deceiving named restaurant.  For being called dimsum garden they don't sell that many dimsum dishes.  That being said they do make up for it in the quality of their regular dishes.  Their soup dumplings are great and are a must try if you've never had them before.  I also recommend the their Shanghai shuomai which is essentially sticky rice in a dumpling!  This venue can get pretty crowded during the dinner hours so def. Plan accordingly! I should mention that they're priced fairly and do offer take out!Cheap and delicious! It took a few months of living in philly to discover this place, but once I did I just kept going back. First off, it's BYOB. The soup dumplings and scallion pancakes are two musts, and the scallion noodles, pan fried dumplings, and shumai are all delicious as well. The service is not necessarily the best, but it's fast and it's chinatown.My wife loves this place for its vegetarian friendly menu. I enjoy the dumplings and scallion pancakes.the food was soooo good i just really liked it that's why this is in all caps 
best chinese food for me here in philly :)) i loved it.. it was so good!This place was amazing,  great food, tasty, inexpensive, great location, jusy a little to on top of people no space to relax, tables are teally close together , but other than that great, it is a byob so that was a plus as well, will be back to have more delicious,  the beef frird potatoes were amazingThis was my first dim sum experience and I'm all about it! I went with three other friends on a Saturday morning around 11am. The place was busy, but luckily there was a table in the back for a party of our size. Within 3 minutes of sitting, an unamused waitress came to our table saying "I take your order now". I requested some extra time to look at the menu since we'd never been before. She rolled her eyes and left our table dragging her feet. Not a great beginning to our experience here. Since three of the four of us were new to dim sum, we ordered about 6-8 dishes to try a little of everything. Our food came out fairly quickly, but not as quickly as I had expected based on how fast the waitress expected us to order. Everything we had was great! I really enjoyed the spring rolls, cheese fried wontons, beef dumplings and shrimp dumplings. We also had the pork soup dumplings (and crab pork soup dumplings), which were messy to eat until we spied on our neighbors using both chopsticks AND the soup spoon. Genius! I was excited to try new things accompanied by Thai tea bubble tea. Yum! This is a cash only place but the price is definitely right! It was $50 for the four of us (before tip). Definitely come with a crowd, cash and a big appetite! Can't wait to go back and hopefully get a more pleasant waitress or waiter.i've been going to dim sum garden for years...  i've turned every friend and family member into soup dumpling and bok choy junkies, following in my footsteps.  i could eat a plate of the pork juicy buns, and a plate of bok choy every single day, and i don't think these items will ever lose their luster.  
i also enjoy their pan friend pork and chive dumplings, shumai, and just tried and enjoyed the turnip cake as per sally's recommendation (the adorable and sweet girl usually behind the counter).
there's no aspect of this restaurant that could take stars away for me.
LOVE.Super cheap great quality. Only place in Philadelphia where i found good soup dumplings. Typical Chinatown atmosphere, loud, service isn't consistent sometimes it great sometimes it bad but hey that's just china townIf i could go here every night i would. The best dumplings,  noodles,  vegetable dishes.  Yum!  #1, 2, 8, 10, 24, 26, 55, 75, 82, 83a, we'll you can't go wrong with any number!We love this place!  The soup dumplings are great, although the steamed version is much better than panfried in my opinion.  The scallion pancakes are good, but can be chewy if ordered for takeout (best to have them dine-in).  One of our other favorites here are the pumpkin cakes.  They are sweet and gooey on the inside, crispy on the outside, and have a hint of taro flavor.Never have I been so disappointed in dim sum!  I should have known.  When you walk in to a Chinese restaurant in Chinatown, and you see that only 2 people in the crowd are Asian, you know you're in the wrong place.  Turn around and run away!  Out of 6 items that we ordered, only 2 were good (and by good, I mean average):  the pork soup dumplings and the red bean cake.  Everything else was completely disappointing.Dim Sum Garden is known for their soup dumplings and they are delicious! It's hands down my favorite and the best soup dumpling place in philly. My favorite is the pork soup dumplings. I have friends who that love the crab soup dumplings and the pan fried soup dumplings, which are also very good. They have many other dishes, but my friends and I usually get the string beans and the scallion pancakes to go alongside the soup dumplings. Sometimes I might switch out the veggies with bok choy or the chinese broccoli. Can't go wrong with those dishes! And if we want dessert, we usually get the sweat red bean cakes.
What makes this place stand out, other than the delicious soup dumplings, are the chili oil and the dumpling sauce. They are delicious! I like to combine both of them together and mix it with the soup dumplings. It is heavenly!! So GOOD!!!
This place is also BYOB, so bring your own if you want!
Oh and this place can get very busy during dinner time so expect to wait in line if that's the case.
Would I recommend this place? Yes!
Would I get these again? Yes, and I already have many times xDI'd live here if I could. My picks are the steamed pork soup dumplings, pan-fried pork and chive dumplings and cold cucumber.i come for the soup dumplings, i stay for everything else. 
I loved the old school jawn next to the chinatown bus stop, but i can't help myself, i love the new place even more because it's all bright and shiny.They have a wonderful new menu item called  pan fried juicy buns or sheng jiang bao.   The pan fried juicy buns consists of a steamed bread outer shell with a juicy pork filling that has a extra crispy fried bottom. It is a wonderful blend of flavors - soft bread, soup, pork, with a major crunch.   It is excellent and similiar to the pan fried dumplings popular in Shanghai.  I saw this new item listed on a sign on the front door.  I hope it becomes a regular menu item.   Also highly recommended are the pork juicy buns - made with a soft dough covering.   Both are excellent and worth a visit.   Service is also very dependable and friendly.We've been fans since this place was located in that rather sleazy tunnel, near the Convention Center. The new building is a great improvement. The decor is tastefully modern. We went during lunch rush and the place was hopping. The wait was not bad at all; the service was very efficient. We had: steamed soup dumplings, pan-fried soup dumplings, Shanghai shao mai, pan fried beef potato cakes & seaweed salad. Everything was delicious, but the soup dumplings were simply divine. This place is justifiably famous for them. IMHO, this place has some of the best dim sum in the city.Go for the soup dumplings! OMG nom nom nom, soooo good. Thin soft skin, rich meaty filling with that piping hot but oh so good soup. Its delicious magic! Other things on the menu are good (pork sauce noodle, pan fried beef dumplings, steamed buns, pan fried beef potato cakes, fried shrimp rolls), but lets be real the star of the menu is the soup dumpling. Staff can be a little short and not so pleasant, but the service is fast. The dumplings are so good that I can't take away any points for service.Ordered: pork soup dumplings (psd), beef potato cakes (bpc), and beef brisket noodle (bbn)
Psd--good, but after all the hype surrounding it I (unrealistically) expected it to taste like manna from heaven. Nope, much more like ...exactly what you think a psd to taste like. Good but nothing to write home about. 
Bpc--this was my favorite of the things I ordered. It was crunchy on the outside and warm and creamy on the inside (think: Shepard's pie with a fried crust). Super yummy although I wish it had a bit more beef. 
Bbn--no strong feelings about this. On par with what I've had/expected.The atmosphere is loud and chaotic. But the line is only that long, because the dumplings are THAT good.We stopped in for lunch on a Sunday afternoon. The restaurant was busy but our wait wasn't long. We ordered several items, soup dumplings (delicious but piping hot so beware, pan fried beef cakes (crisp outside tender inside), shrimp on a stick (very crisp), shrimp dumplings (paper thin skin around a tasty filling) and a few others. The wait staff was friendly and the food came out of the kitchen quickly. The prices very very reasonable, we will make a trip to Philly again very soon just to come back to this restaurant.Came here for an afternoon dim sum fix. Left satisfied. The restaurant is very clean and the kitchen is open which is a statement on cleanliness and food safety. Dim sum was very tasty with easy to understand menu full of English and Chinese as well as color photos. Dishes were well done, not comparable to higher end places overseas but one of the best in the east coast. Staff was friendly and attentive. I do have a suggestion for management: replace the locking mechanisms on the bathroom doors so people know if it is occupied or not, similar to airline bathrooms. People were waiting in line for the one of two bathrooms and one was unoccupied the whole time.Loved this place. Super affordable. I'm pretty sure my boyfriend and I got three dumpling orders with the scallion pancake and was just under $20.00. Wasn't a huge fan of the pancake as it was a bit too oily for me but the juicy buns are to die for! Great place for those juicy buns and will come again.Very authentic Shanghainese dimsum but please note it's cash-only. We had six people and got to order a bit of everything. The price is reasonable, the steamed juicy buns and pan fried steam buns were really good and a must-try. Radish pancakes and sticky rice shumai were pretty tasty too. Their meatball with bokchoy was also just like the ones I had in China, very tender with water chestnut. I was disappointed with their shrimp dumplings because the skin was too thick and mushy, but then again, this isn't a Cantonese dimsum place to begin with... also their sesame chicken was very processed, like chicken nuggets. Overall I'd given this place a 4 star on the food, but I'm giving it a 3 star because of its terrible service. The waitress was the most impatient and the rudest I've ever seen, basically left the table twice while we were still placing our orders (and we weren't even having any hesitation about our orders!) and she kept telling us after we order every small dish that we should order more of the same thing or else it's gonna come out slower (the idea of small dishes is that we get to try a little of everything, not that we order 5 dishes of the same thing). And worst of all she has this very nasty expression through our whole meal, not a single smile, acted like we owe her a million dollars when she was serving us, and that she owes us a million dollars so she never wants to see us again when it came to attentiveness: we waited forever for her to stop by for anything, including during ordering when she just randomly walked away. Utterly intolerable and at the end she even demanded a tip after giving us that nasty look throughout, I told her no we didn't because of the service, and she just stared at me like now it's her entitlement! Food was good but I have to say terrible service totally ruined the dining experience.Soup Dumplings!!!! Get the soup dumplings! Massive menu, excited to try more food!Reasonable price & good food. What more can you ask for.. plus the service are friendly too.I like the xiao long Bao (pork soup dumpling). The Sheng Jian is average, as well as the sweet potato pancake. The customer service is great!I really enjoy Dim Sum Garden. I think it's easily the most popular dim sum restaurant in Philly, mostly because I think that it's very accessible to people who may not be familiar with Chinese food or dim sum. 
While I feel that, overall, most of the food is really good, my favorites are the steamed pork soup dumplings, the scallion pancakes, and the green beans. 
Definitely recommend! Gets busy on the weekends so you might want to call ahead.Before heading back to NYC last weekend, my wife and I had dim sum at this appropriately-named spot with her parents. There was a little bit of a line when we got there (around 11:30 AM on a Sunday), but it moved quite quickly, and we were seated within 5 minutes of getting in. That said, the line was quite a bit longer on the way out...so plan accordingly! I left the ordering up to the folks who knew what was good, with my only request being to get an order of soup dumplings at the least. There wasn't much banter from the waitress, but our food got out stat...probably to try and move the tables as quickly as possible.
As for the food - it was pretty typical dim sum in my eyes, with more of a focus on Shanghainese cuisine. Of the soup dumplings, I actually liked the fried buns with thicker dumpling skins more; the crisp on the bottom of the buns added nice texture and flavoring, while the inside was just as juicy and delicious as you would expect. We also had an order of pork and crab soup dumplings; I'm just not a person who really enjoys crab in soup dumplings, but the broth was also slightly sweet - a bit off-putting, as I prefer the broth to be as savory as possible. The wonton soup we ordered was delicious; I really liked the lightness of the broth, and having a whole bunch of tiny wontons with thin skins makes it a bit of a bonanza. We rounded it out with sauteed greens of some kind (pretty standard but with a nice, subtle garlic undertone), a dish that was marinated tofu skin with mushrooms (think it was meant to mimic a duck roll in a way - very good), and shao mai (which was slightly disappointing - the sticky rice inside the dumpling was a bit stale, making it a bit more chewy than ideal).
While we devoured all this food quite quickly, it was a pretty delicious meal, and with a very extensive menu, I'd definitely be down to come back and try other items on the menu. It's not your traditional dim sum with the carts coming around, but it still has great variety nonetheless.For Philly, I would give it four stars because of the lack of similar restaurants in terms of specialties. But in context of the other places I've been to in LA, San Francisco, and NYC, I would give it a 3. Pretty good soup dumplings, but the rest of the menu is only so-so. The shumai (Shanghainese style) was pretty bland, while the Shanghainese rice cakes were a little over-seasoned. I do think that the pan-fried soup buns were good though! I would just be careful of burning your tongue. Overall, a nice intro to people unaccustomed to Chinese food, because it has a nice atmosphere, but the food could be improvedOMG if i could give this place 10 stars i would.   SOOOO good!   its perfect for hangover brunch or dinner with friends.   Its super affordable and the food is AMAZING.  I go a lot with my friend from Shanghai, who gives it two thumbs up.Travel all the way from nyc for dim sum garden's xiao long bao. Seriously the best i have ever had. Ver authentic and consistent, even beats Joe's shanghai and nanqiang in nyc. I wish they would expand to nyc!Pretty solid place. If we could give half stars, I would give it a 3.5/5 in reality, but I'm a nice person and my complaints are relatively minor, so I'll bump it to a 4.
My first experience with soup dumplings. I liked them, and would get them again, but I really don't see the big deal. I think stuff like pho, banh mi, salt baked wings, and even crispy cucumbers in chili oil are better. I would rather just have a bowl of noodle soup. They were a pretty good value for $5.75 though.
The chicken on a stick were fantastic. Many places make them like satay chicken, which is fine, but DSG makes them very crispy which I love.
The hot and sour soup was average and a bit disappointing for a place like this. Sort of bland and watery. Missing those notes of heat from red pepper like at Sang Kee. On the plus side, my waiter only charged me for a small, so I can't complain too much about $2.50 for a massive bowl of soup.
For my entree, I got the beef with hot pepper which was really good. It needed a little bit of sauce, so I put some dumpling sauce and chili oil on it. I was a bit annoyed that for $11.50 I had to ask for white rice with the beef, but they brought it quickly and didn't charge me.
Thai tea was pretty bland. Skip it and grab one at Tea Do instead.
Wait staff was friendly, but it took a long time for me to get my food. The place runs like a bit of a zoo, so I guess it's to be expected.
It's okay value for ~$33, but still doesn't touch Ting Wong, M Kee, Nan Zhou.Visiting Philadelphia, my friend took me to this place for dinner. I was already full before sitting down, but after the food came out I HAD to eat. The dishes were too perfect not to. I stuffed myself with the crab & pork dumplings! 
I will definitely be back & recommend friends to go too!The soup dumplings are fresh! You can see them make it when you past by the kitchen in the back of the restaurant. The decor and atmosphere is okay. They advertise their own t-shirts and clothes on the walls. The dim sum section of their menu has pictures on it which makes it so much easier to just point and order. Service was good. They gave us water. We didn't have to wait too long for the food. The food came out all at once. The restaurant can get crowded fast so go early in the morning.
Ordered the following:
Shanghai pork soup dumplings (Xiao long bao)- very yummy and satisfying
Pan fried pork soup dumplings- I was disappointed about this dish. The meat inside has no flavour when eaten by itself. I had to drown it in dumpling sauce and vinegar to please my tastebuds.
Pan fried beef potato cake- this dish is interesting and tastes ok. Its minced curry beef wrapped around by potato then pan fried. Comes in two flatten cakes
Minced meat moon cake- this only comes in one. I don't understand why one of these costs $3.25. Is it the ingredients or the laborious work they put in to make it? The actual dish is a bit larger than the picture shown on the menu. It tastes like beef balls from other dim sum restaurants wrapped in pastry dough.
Overall okay experience. I would come back for the pork soup dumplings and try other dishes.2.5 stars, but the sheng jian bao brings it up to a 3
* xiao long bao: I was promised the best xiao long bao in Philly...which, sadly, does not hold a candle to XLB anywhere on the west coast.  I thought their XLB was fairly ordinary...
* shau mai had glutinous rice instead of the usual pork/shrimp combo (carbs wrapped in carbs! which i wouldn't mind, but these weren't particularly tasty)
* pork and leek dumplings were fine, but nothing special
* shrimp dumplings were downright disappointing--the skin nearly fell apart, when I was expecting the usual elastic-y texture
* SAVING GRACE: sheng jian bao.  These were really tasty--I would go back for these delicious little buggers
service--not great.  there was a wait to be seated, they rather brusquely directed us to the table with the last customer's XLB juice still all over the table, kind of wiped it down, promised us tea, never brought it.  In the end, though, it's a dim sum place, you're not going to get great service.  Don't expect it!
Wouldn't mind going back, but unlikely that I'll be the one to suggest doing so.SO DELICIOUS.
I was visiting my fiance in philly and he wanted to take me to Dim Sum Garden. I am so glad he did!The pork soup dumplings is a must!! We also had the pork noodles and the mapo tofu. I don't like food that is too salty or sweet and I thought these two dishes were full of flavor but not too much. I enjoyed my meal so much that we came back two days later!Pros: soup dumplings, both the pork ones and the ones with crabmeat, were really good. I would come back just for these. 
- scallion pancakes were pretty good, except where are the scallions? Lol
Cons: I wasn't a big fan about the other dumplings..and also "cash only"The food was great- the service not so much. I ordered a variety of soup dumplings and dim sum plates, as well as the crispy chicken noodles. An order of shrimp dumplings and veggie soup dumplings came out first, then the crispy chicken noodles. We were finished with all three dishes and were waiting 15 minutes before a waiter came back to us. We were notified that the waiter wasn't allowed to clear our table because there was a "health inspector" coming and that they were "cleaning the kitchen." They said they had no clue when the rest of our order would come out- one waiter said 10 minutes and another waitress said much longer than that. They kept seating people in the restaurant, knowing that food would not be served anytime soon. There was no type of service recovery and their staff did not know how to handle the situation properly. When we wanted to cancel the rest of our order, the waitress was unpleased and gave an us an attitude for doing so. Overall, like the other reviews, the food was great but the service justifies a two star review.The only reason I give this four stars is because of the service. The food is good and such a bang for your buck that it's well worth dealing with staff that's not too thrilled to see you. 
It was a weekday night and there were six of us and we walked in at 9:55. Mind you the restaurant closes at 10:30 so we figured we'd eat there quick and get out. When we walked through the door the host instantly looked at us with hesitation and said the kitchen only takes orders till 10:10 and we have to be out by 10:50. Completely understandable that they don't want tables sitting there forever (since it is a BYO), but maybe try welcoming your costumers first and then let them know in a more pleasant way. The waitress also dealt with us in a similar manner and we tried to order more food at 10:13 and she just said no. When I'm a paying customer I would like to feel wanted at the place I'm giving my business too. 
Anyhow.. The food was incredible. We ordered the pork and the pork with crabmeat soup dumplings, the shao mai and the pancakes. For my meal I got the pork with sauce noodle and it definitely is a must get. The sauce is sweet but not overly sweet like your typical sesame chicken or sweet and sour. The handmade noodles were delicious and perfectly cooked. 
Overall it came out to about $10 a person which is incredible considering we ordered 5 appetizers and loved every bite of food we got.Happy Chinese New Year's and many many many many soup dumplings. Always live to come here at least once a week. Out of every place on the East Coast this is the best ever. Yelp keeps saying I have to finish this review so I keep submitting it.  6 out of 5 stars  DELICIOUS.I've been dying to try this place for the longest time. I walk by Dim Sum Garden at least 5-6 times a week. Me & my sister finally ended up going & it was fantastic. The server there was so helpful! We ended up ordering the steamed soup dumplings, and the pork with brown sauce over hand-made noodles. The real stars were the yummy soup dumplings! hot & delicious with a great meat filling. The pork with brown sauce & bok choy over hand-made noodles was really yummy too. Definitely a nice place to come for cheap but good Chinese eats!Pretty damn good soup dumplings - and the scallion pancakes were great. Cash only!Fast, fresh, cheap, and delicious. Service is fast but not friendly. Place could be cleaner, but no one there seems to mind. Table turnover is nuts. Get the bok choy.I have a friend who swears by this place, but I don't get it. 
I've been for lunch once or twice when I was working nearby, but the service was spotty and the dumplings, soup and otherwise, were pretty unimpressive.Delicious food! Friendly waitstaff as well. Would visit again.
Ma Po tofu: tofu was tasty, and the noodles were good but I didn't love the texture (not that chewy). Also, not spicy. 7/10
Pan friend soup dumplings: not a lot of soup, but that's natural. Not my personal favorite, but very good! 7:10
Crab meat soup dumplings: my favorite! Lots of broth, super tasty & comforting, no complaints. 9/10
Bok choy: my other favorite... I could have eaten the entire plate! 10/10
Cleanliness: could have been cleaner, but not too dirty. 7/10
Waitstaff: 8.5/10Great food.  Awesome dumplings, soup dumplings, scallion pancakes.
Nice atmosphere, very fast and friendly staff.  They clearly don't want you staying around long, had check on our table a bit early.  But we had a great time anyway, and the price and taste was great!It was just ok. I don't know...after reading all the glowing Yelp reviews, I expected more. But I guess I shouldn't compare dim sum in LA or San Francisco with that in Philly. I don't mean that to sound elitist (although it sure sounds snotty), because based on sheer numbers of the Asian population in those areas compared to Philly, of course you're going to find better dim sum places in SoCal or NorCal.
The good things first--the new restaurant location (I never visited the old location, so I can't compare, but previous reviewers commented on the old location) is nice. The restaurant is very close to the downtown convention center, and easy to get to from there. Relatively safe and clean looking neighborhood for Chinatown too. The interior of the restaurant was clean and pretty too, and the waitstaff all wore tshirts with cute cartoon smiling dim sum dumplings on them.  The prices are all very low, so low that I was a bit surprised at the number of dumplings you could get for the list price. Our bill ended up being about $12 per person, which is pretty inexpensive.
The meh things next...the dim sum was just ok.  The fillings were very skimpy and small. There wasn't enough meat in any of our dumplings. The pork dumplings were barely half filled, the shu mai had very little pork in it, and the shrimp in the shrimp har gow was miniscule. No wonder the prices are so low--they hardly give you anything to eat inside those dumpling skins!  Flavor-wise, the dumplings were pretty good. But again, it's hard to overcome the emptiness of the dumplings versus the promise of their savory looking outsides. Come to think of it, this is sort of symbolic of the entire restaurant experience.  Cute on the outside, but empty on the inside.I give this place a soild five stars because both the food and the staff was incredible. right down to the very last pan friend dumpling the sauce was perfect brings out the natural flavors of the steamed chicken dumplings with lemongrass. I absolutely love this place. The only bad thing is that I can never seem to find a decent spot to park on fridays in china town so I haven't been avle to go as much as I would like to.I am salivating as I write this review just remembering all the tasty tasty dumplings I have eaten!  My favorite by far is the crab and pork soup dumpling and it is now on the list of things I occasionally crave like crazy till it's in my belly.  The scallion pancake, shumai, and Chinese broccoli are also very yummy.  I have yet to eat a dish I did not like from this kitchen and I love trips to the restroom just so I can watch some of the hand made dumpling action.  They are cash only, but you won't need to bring much.  On a budget, you can eat your fill and be pleasantly shocked at your bill.I was always a fan of dim sum garden. But tonight's incident was inexcusable. I found hair in my dim sum. We called the hostess over to solve this problem but as soon as we showed him the hair he replied "so what you want another order?". Not even a simple apology for their mishap. Hospitality might not be there strong suite but tonight's incident made me not want to eat there anymore. Sad to say. A simple sorry could've solved it all.I managed to have 8 soup dumplings and a bubble tea for $10 and I was a happy camper with a full belly. If you are on a budget but you want some good food then check this place out! Delicious!One of my favorite places in Philly! Best soup dumplings ever!! I've tried both the spicy and the regular versions and they're both great. I've been there alone, with a friend or two, and for large birthday parties in the back room and there's always great service. It is cash only, but they have an ATM in the front.Great food and quick service. Some of the best dumplings I've had in the city.this place is nothing special. Food and service are less then average at best. Sang Kee is right down the street and the food and service are exellent.The pork juicy buns with the soup inside are the best in the city. I love the chinese broccoli and sauteed bok choy are immensely satisfying. Food is great, and is affordable especially being a BYOB. The only thing is that they are so popular that you can often feel quite rushed by the staff to order, eat, then get out.The New Chinatown Philly-Style.  This is the beginning of the Chinatown revolution in the city of Philadelphia.  Old style Chinese restaurants are becoming a relic.  I just hope my old school Cantonese food never dies.  I truly enjoyed the hustle and buslte of this place.  Vermicelli soup, har gows, and a ma po tofu with some real heat were wonderful here.  The value here is incredible.  Now they did get my order wrong, and the staff was at best chaotic.  Even in the New World Chinatowns some things never change.  If you are looking for a bargain you cannot beat Dim Sum Garden.Ordered through uber eats multiple times and the food is fantastic. Reminds me of NYC Asian food.First time here. Came here because of reviews. The place I thought was over crowded and a bit noisy. With no hostess stand you have to walk up a ramp and overlook everyone else eating. Kinda weird.
We got seated next to a couple on a date and it was so close we probably should have joined tables and sat as a 4 top considering I heard ever word of their conversation. The women on the date was so close to me she commented on my Words with Friends game I was playing while waiting for my food.
Service was okay, we were told the dumplings would take 20-30 mins. Our main entrée came first and we essentially ate the dumplings like dessert.
Entrée for me was their Mao Tofu over homemade noodles. I very much enjoyed my dish. My cousin got the famous pork and noodles in house sauce. It was okay. Nothing to brag about.
The soup dumplings, wow! They were delicious! I could probably eat 2-3 trays by themselves. I guess they are made to order hence the 20-30 minute wait. They were selling the soup dumplings faster then they could probably make. 
Overall, the place needs to revamp their entrance so there can be a better waiting area. Second, they need to rearrange their seating area to maximize efficiency. Please offer Fountain sodas because people don't want to buy $3 bottles of soda. Your dumplings need a better production line. They are wonderful and should come out faster so they can be served as an appetizer.
I would return, next time I'm ordering 3-4 trays of dumplings.crowded place, worth the wait. excellent food and a fun time (BYOB). The back room is quite noisy, good space for younger crowd/larger partiesSo I visited this restaurant for the first time a few nights ago and have to begin by saying that I ultimately enjoyed the experience. 
It's a BYO, which is always a plus and that certainly made for an eventful evening for me and the 3 friends I ate dinner with. I'll admit, we like to take full advantage of our time out and so we weren't necessarily matched in excitement by our service when they saw me whoop out hard liquor on top of the bottle of wine we had them uncork. That was to be expected, but I did notice that they seemed to all-too-perfectly forget to bring us extra glasses for our mixed drinks until we asked about 2-3 times. Not a major problem, but something I noticed.
The food itself is of the sort that is an acquired taste if you ask me. We ordered many types of dumplings, steamed buns, and a plate of veggies and pasta. With it being only my second time ever having dumplings I have already taken into account that my palate isn't currently calibrated to appreciate this food as it may be for those who've been eating it for a while. But regardless, there are some items I just don't vibe with and I don't really suggest ordering any straight up meat items (e.g., chicken on a stick) or things like that. Overall, the food was decent, but I didn't give much input into the food I ate because a friend of mine was more experienced with the menu and if we're being honest I came to enjoy good friends...good drinks...and eat along the way.
I'm definitely going to give the place a shot again soon and try more items that seem more appealing to me. 
Also of note is that the place is cash only, which I had forgotten until it was time to pay. So be aware of that. 
All in all it's a place worth checking out in Chinatown at the end of the day.I love the shrimp dumplings!  Soup dumplings are a little messier than I'd like but they taste great.  Make sure you have them read your order back to you, I've received the wrong items on more than one occasion.Don't come here if you're super hungry and LOVE dumplings. Its just a bad idea to do. The food is really good, great actually, but when you're super hungry and order with your eyes (as I tend to do), you'll end up with a lot of food. I ordered chicken dumplings, beef dumplings, an order of (2) spring rolls, and an order of beef with hot chilies (which was just green bell peppers). I regret nothing.Excellent meal here on Friday night with my bf.  We arrived around 8, and were seated within a few minutes. A few other larger parties did have to wait for a bit. We started with the crab and pork soup dumplings, and the potato scallion pancakes. Both were delicious! I had the seafood over homemade noodles, and Ben had the sliced beef over homemade noodles. We were both completely satisfied with our entree choices- both were flavorful and good sized portions. I cannot wait to return and try each of the dumpling varieties! Oh don't forget to Byob!! :) I think our bill was well below $40 including tip so you can't beat that!This was the second time I've been here and I wasn't too impressed the first time. It's one of the only places I know of to get soup dumplings so I went with my sister. The dumplings were fine, my only discrepancy with this place is the odd service. First the water tasted disgusting and then while waiting for the food, my sister and I both had our phones out and a worker stood by our table and leaned in to see what we were doing. Now I'm not just talking about a glance, he leaned in and looked at her phone and then turned and looked at mine. He gave creepy a new level and I don't appreciate that. I really don't think I'll be back.Amazing place, even my mom loved it who is a critique on asian cooking as she is an excellent chinese chef. Try everything! Get all of the soup dumplings, each one is to die for.Was there a few weeks ago, service was awesome, food was great, the place it self is really cute and detailed, def going back soonLoved this place! Always busy, but the line moves quick and the food is amazing, fresh, and cheap.My first time here and it was pretty awesome!!!! Kind of a tight place, but the food is superb. And you definitely get a lot for your money. The only issue was that the wait staff brought us extra dishes we declined (some of the daily specials) and I don't even know if it was a really bad thing bc it ended up tasting great.Inconsistent - this one word describes Dim Sum Garden to a T. The xiaolongbao skin is a bit thick, the filling often overcooked, and the soup fluctuates between being too salty or too sweet. The shengjianbao, my absolute favorite Shanghainese snack, is either overcooked on the bottom or just perfect. The only consistent item is the Shanghai-style wonton soup, which is always delicious. Also, I highly advise that you NOT order the traditional dim sum items (I know, it doesn't make any sense), because the Shanghainese owners do not make Cantonese dim sum well.
Side rant: I find it annoying that whenever I'm with non-Asian people they ask me - the apparent liaison - if we know how to eat it. It doesn't take much intellect to eat a dumpling and confused people would rather ask than starve. Just saying.
Dim Sum Garden still deserves a three because I haven't had better Shanghainese food anywhere else in Philly.In a positive light, Dim Sum Garden was clean , the dim sum were served HOT and the service was attentive .The portions were large and very reasonably priced.. Having eaten dim sum many times and in other cities, my husband and I thought that there was very little variation in favor and texture and the dim sum selections were bland and limited. Perhaps the target customer is someone who has never tried dim sum. Visited the restaurant July 12,2015Stopped in on the recommendation of a friend. Lucked out and found parking right out front. We knew it was going to be good from that point on! 
We were seated right away and orders taken. Food came out quick. 
Had to try the dumplings. Had the fried vegetable dumplings..they were delish! Ordered scallion pancakes and vegetable rolls.. Nothing spectacular there. Had the walnut shrimp special.. Shrimp cooked well.. Sweet creamy sauce not too overpowering. Would come back again and this time order only multitudes of dumplings!!The food itself was quite good, with some of the best dumplings I've ever had. However, it's much too loud to carry on any sort of conversation and the waitress we had was disinterested at her best and confrontational at her worst. Add to that the fact that our boba tea was clearly made from a powder and I'd advise you to look elsewhere for Chinese food - superb dumplings or no. At least they're handicap accessible.
Oh, and they only take cash.Fantastic dumplings..also general tsos tofu is delish. There's usually a line but it moves quickly. Cash only. Byob.Booo. Why you gotta do me so wrong, Dim Sum Garden?! I want to love this place because it really is so good and a great value. But COME ON. 
The dumpling situation has got to be addressed. So my last visit to Dim Sum Garden, it took ages for us to get our dumplings.
This time it happened again. We orders two entrees and the pork soup dumplings, and our entrees, the sliced beef noodles and sesame chicken, were both at our table in less than 8 minutes. It was crazy fast! Both entrees were awesome, but the reason we came to Dim Sum Garden was to have the dumplings, so as we finished our entrees and had the leftovers wrapped, we had a least four different staff approach our table. Being a Friday night, they were very busy and super keen to kick us out; they weren't being shy about the fact they wanted us gone. However, every time a different staff approached our table, we said the same thing "we're waiting on our dumplings," and they'd scurry away to the kitchen. We were offered the fried dumplings, as well as crab soup dumplings, but after waiting ages, we wanted what we came and intended to pay for. Finally, the manager comes to the table and says "do you want me to just take the dumplings off your check? It's going to be another 15 or 20 minutes." Honestly, this was the final straw for me. I didn't even want to dumplings anymore and I couldn't believe how obvious they were being about kicking us out. Less than three minutes later, just as we reached into our purses to grab our cards, a woman came running from the kitchen and set the dumplings on our table. The manager, who had just altered our checks, looked like a deer in headlights, grabbed the dumplings, and took them to another table. What a huge tease! I was appalled at how the whole thing was handled, and after waiting thirty minutes to be sat, I don't think asking for what we ordered is too much. 
It's truly a shame. I won't be back any time soon.The establishment makes their own dumplings. There is a wide assortment and one can view the chefs make the dumplings. All the dumplings are delicious but a little doughy. I also ordered the salt and pepper squid. The squid was barely salted. The strips of squid were to wide to be appetizing. The shrimp on a stick was disappointing too.I've been twice now. Once on my own on a whim with my fiance, and the second time it was the last stop on a China Town food tour.  Both times it was great!  The soup dumplings are so yummy.  This past weekend our guide ordered for us and we got pork and vegetarian soup dumplings, ma po tofu, bok choi, chinese cabbage, some sort of rice cake dish that was delightful, and scallian pancake.  It ended up with tip being 8.50 a person (there were 11 of us).  So much food, so cheap, and so good.   It gets packed and the wait can be long.  I've been lucky both times and been seated right away.  
This place is an appetizer style dim sum, so you order off the menu instead of waiting for the cart to come around.  I prefer it this way--I get what I want and don't have to wait forever.  Worth a stop!Definitely my favorite place to come for soup dumplings which I could almost always go for.
This place is pretty inexpensive if you know what part of the menu to look at, they are cash only so remember that although there is an ATM by the front door.
They're usually busy but their staff is really quick and organized.Haven't had soup dumplings in almost two years. This place made me fall in love with the dish all over again. Will be coming back again!!This place is great. But 5 star would be just maybe a bit of overrating?
The place offers a great atmosphere and environment.
Food is spectacular with the type of dimsum that they serve, one that is steamed in an edamame, served as it is. Very appealing, and as delicious as it sounds. Beef, Shrimp, and some other thing I tried.. all of them were great.
But, the waitress there.. I did not know what was up with her that day, but it took her about 25 minutes to get me a check. She ignored me when I raised my hand for about three times.
It maddens me for the fact that there were not a lot of customers, in fact only two tables were occupied at 2pm on regular Wednesday.
Food is pretty good, nothing to be extremely crazy over, dimsum is as good as expected.
Other fried/roasted entrees with beef/shrimp and rice would be better served at han's dynasty on 36th in University City, maybe equivalent to the level of Shangki House.
Worth it for the money.Worst service ever! I've never meet individuals so rude in my entire life. They messed up my order and when I called to complain about it the lady said I was wrong and hung up on me. I then went back in to speak to her and she again accused me of giving her the wrong order and told me to wait in a corner for 20 minutes so they can make the right one. She's also been rude to us every other time we've been there so never going there again.My glutinous friend and I came here, just the two of us, and blew $40 total on what could've fed at least four grown people
We were seated right away and our food came immediately after we ordered it (it probably helped that we were sitting right next to the window where food goes out).
We ordered soup dumplings, fried dumplings, shumai, some other kind of dumpling, maybe buns??, scallion pancake, and probably some egg rolls. Not really sure exactly what we ordered at this point since we were in a weird feeding frenzy. After I finished ordering for us, the waitress asked us if we wanted anything green (lol) so I asked for snow pea sprouts; I really like these but my white friend was mostly uninterested. Everything was good, ie: the scallion pancake was the standard well made scallion pancake, the soup dumplings were juicy and nothing was wrong with them etc. Wish we had ordered fewer regular dumplings and more soup dumplings though since they are hard to find where I live
The menu is super Americanized, there isn't really any dim sum on it that would "scare" a picky eater away. I was looking forward to carts and more authentic dim sum but was perfectly content to stuff my face with soup dumplings too.One of the better Chinese restaurants in Chinatown.  I recommend the pork sauce noodles and try any of the soup dumplings, simply amazing! You can always get general tso's chicken at your nearby chinese takeout so be a little adventurous. Peer over and see what others are ordering and take a chance.  
Only drawback is that they only take cash although there is a ATM machine in the front, but still. Th8nk of the customers!Those fucking soup dumplings. 
Everyone sing along:
Soup dumplings, soup dumplings
Roly-poly soup dumplings
Soup dumplings, soup dumplings
Eat them up yumAlright, you've won me back! Finally came back in a few times since the last incident and all has been well. We can't get enough of the soup dumplings, they're delicious! The prices are fantastic and I'm happy to be a customer again. Amazing food; I've had hit-or-miss service across my visits so that's keeping me from the 5th star. Favorite BYOB in the city.If you feel boring for contonese dim sum already, this place is a must-try. We have relocated to Atlanta and I miss the shumai every day. Have to cook by myself now.The shanghai pork dumpling is really good, recommend dish. The vegetable bun tasted so dry. Rice dish is ok.Ordered quite a variety of dishes but I wouldn't be able to tell them apart with a blindfold on - everything had one flavor - salt!
The soup dumplings were more like evaporated soap dumplings - they sat out so long that all the liquid absorbed into the dough. Yuck.
Service was fast and efficient, but that is not enough to bring me backFinally got to try this little gem in Philly. Best soup dumpling I've ever tried! The food was fresh and the service was great as well! Definitely not the most authentic place when it comes to dim sum but I think that's what make this place unique and delicious! We weren't starving when we came here so we only ordered the pork bun and the soup dumplings just to try! All the food looked pretty good though! Def a must try if your in the area and in the mood for something different!good dim sum, and tasty noodle dishes. service is good, nice modern atmosphere. sucks they don't accept credit cards - they're being cheap & don't want to pay the fees- so bring cash. not expensive.Went here for lunch on a Sunday . Authentic Chinese food. Food was amazing and the service was good . They do not bring around the carts like traditional dim sum , although you can order all your small plates from the menu . Would deff go here again !Great food and dim-sum. Needs sake and booze thou. But able to bring own drinks if you want. Great service!Pretty good dumplings, although their menu is small so selection is pretty limited. They have tons of waiters, so service is lightning-fast, if somewhat impersonal. For some reason, they are always jammed, with a very long wait, so you have to go off hours if you don't want to wait 20 minutes to be seated. Annoyingly, they only take cash - no credit cards.The xiao ling baos have a pretty thick skin a d not much soup. Service was quick.
You can get general tso chicken with their hand made noodle, which makes it funWe didn't know where to eat in Chinatown, Philadelphia so based on the Yelp reviews, we decided to try Dim Sum Palace. We were not disappointed. The menu was helpful for anyone who might not be familiar with Chinese Dim Sum because next to descriptions were pictures. There was also an extensive entreé menu. We ordered two dim sum items and a noodle tofu dish (quite spicy). Everything was delicious and came out hot. Service was friendly and fast. The entire meal was $15.00! It is a cash only restaurant. We'll be back!!Awesome place! We ordered take out for the first time and were very pleased! The pork soup dumplings were delicious as well as the fried green beans!We came in to get dim sum, only to find that their dim sum selection is limited. So we ordered some dim sum and some shanghainese dishes, including the soup dumplings. First of all, the soup dumplings are just okay. The skin is way too thick and dry. The shrimp dumplings, a staple of dim sum was gross. The outer skin was completely mushy and disgusting. The turnip fritter had good filling but way too doughy outer shell. The best dish was the pickled green, tofu skin, and soy bean dish which flavorful and good. I might come back to try their other shanghainese dishes and skip the dim sum since it does seem like their food has promise.
Granted, as someone who has lived in Asia and has also had better dim sum in Flushing, NY I might have a higher bar but I think shrimp dumplings are a basic any place that claims to be a dim sum place should get right.The food was OK but I think it's overhyped and overpriced. The skin on the dumplings are very thick, which detracts from the taste. Scallion pancakes were over fried and very oily. Everything tasted alright but not really worth it in my opinion.
The Shumai is like 80% rice and 20% meat and mushroom... pretty disappointing.TIP: CASH ONLY
They do have an ATM before heading in the restaurant
The best soup dumplings I've had so far. It was so good that we had to stop by TWICE during our short weekend trip in Philadelphia. 
We were looking on Yelp and saw this place was highly rated. There was a bit of a wait but it was well worth it. 
During the first visit, we tried the regular soup dumplings, fried soup dumplings and crab soup dumplings. The skin of the fried soup dumplings was too thick, I was only able to eat one. The rest of the dumplings were AMAZING. The dumpling sauce is a staple so make sure you pour some in!
During the second visit, we ordered one regular soup dumpling and two crab soup dumplings. 
We ate so many dumplings this trip that I have not had one since but if its back at this restaurant, I am more than happy to eat more. 
Definitely recommend this place and can't wait to make a trip back!Found this place from Yelp.  Great eats and services is spot on.  Will repeat what others say: Bring Cash.This is a must try when in the city! Although there may seem to be a length wait, they move you very quickly. My friends and I didn't want to go the traditional brunch route on Sunday so we went for soup dumplings instead. To start, we split two noodle dishes both excellent. Then we had the turnip cakes- delicious. Everyone at the table ordered a #1: the pork soup dumplings. They were above and beyond. I think one of the best features is the amazing sauce provided on every table.Spacious, clean and modern decor. Great atmosphere to hang out with friends for a meal if the group is small. Nothing like Joe  Shanghai's in NY. This place is clean :)
Service was fast and accurate. We got everything we ordered piping hot, just the way I like it. 
Food is delicious enough for me to say I would go again next time I'm in town. Prices are very reasonable. All the food we ordered, plus bubble tea was $30!
Compared to Joes in NY, the actual outer shell of the soup dumpling is less dense and thick, which I think is better. The filling and soup in the dumpling is very tasty. We had the pork, very good. 
We also had the scallion pancake, nothing worth noting, it was good. Beef tendon noodles were also good. Noodle texture was just perfect. The Shanghai Siu Mai was interesting but good. Filled with meat and sticky rice. I liked it a lot.
Over all, this place is great and I would go again. Hopefully by the time we go again, they would have established the ability to accept credit cards. No one really carries much cash these days.I was fiending for a dim sum fix. I was lookin for the loud clanking of cart pushers displaying their edibles from metal steamer pots. To my dismay, we were given a menu to order from. This is fine. Some of the best dim sum I've ever had was ordered from a menu in SF. 
Sadly, the nice decor was about all I could appreciate. 
Us - "do you serve chicken feet?"
Them - "no, we don't serve that kind of dim sum"
Us -"can we get some tea?" 
Seriously, dim sum where you gotta ask for tea? I don't even drink tea but it's the principle of it! 
Pretty much allllll went dooowwwnn hill from there. 
Crab and pork soup dumplings - overly sweet broth that was not even hot. 
Shanghai shu mai? -  I guess. It was filled with sticky rice. Meh. 
Mooncake with pork filling - not hot at all. The pastry was still raw. Filling was bland. 
Ma Po tofu - found it quite bland. Had some sichuan pepper corn kick but pretty meh. 
Ice coffee - just save your money here. 
The servers kept hovering and its cash only. 
2/5 -  hard for me to give anymore than that. It was extremely busy and they still managed to serve cold food. Not coming back. I'll stick to my cantonese dim sum from now on.After too many months deprived of Chinese food in Baltimore, I found myself a slice of heaven when I landed in Philly's Chinatown.  I hail from California, both southern and northern parts, so I've had my fair share of Chinese food.  Here is a West Coast snob's take on my first East Coast dimsum.  
Shrimp spring roll, 1/5 stars - No.  You can't call it a shrimp spring roll, charge $3 for two small rolls, and have no shrimp until the last bite.  Don't bother with this appetizer.  Score for having something on the plate and frying it well.
Xiaolongbao (small soup dumplings), 3/5 stars - Generous size and soup content.  It was flavorful, but sweeter than what I'm used to.  The wrapping was a bit thick and hard to chew after it cooled down.  Not bad, but there is better.
Veggie dumplings, 3/5 stars - Good size and well stuffed.  The vegetables were minced well, and generally tasty.  Again, the wrapping was a bit thick and not too pleasant to chew by the time we got to the last few.  
Xiajiao (shrimp dumplings), 3/5 stars - My personal favorite dumpling of all time.  Shrimp was a good amount.  But clearly, I'm all about the wrapping bc it was in a rather mushy state and did not have much of that QQ texture characteristic of the quality shrimp dumplings I've had.  
Overall, the quality of the dumplings are heavy-handed, especially when it comes to the wrapping.  They are well-stuffed, so you won't leave hungry.  But, your hunt for top-notch dumplings will continue.Pretty good dim sum, though the venue was so much smaller than I expected. Service and food were great too. Limited seafood selection and no durians.All the food is really good. Don't expect to get seated for lunch right away or served though. They're always busy on Sunday afternoon. Just keep asking for water and utensils and they'll get it for you eventually. Be very loud also because it's very loud with the amount of people in the restaurant. I give it four stars for their food.I have to be honest, when I first ate here years ago, I didn't like it. The dumplings were different to me and what I was used to, and I swore afterwards that I must not like Shanghai food. Then this place literally blew up and everyone was talking about it and it was alway packed. I just didn't get it.
I decided to give it another try. I ordered different dishes this time. I was blown away. I get the hype now, and I'm sorry for my previous quick judgement. But let me say first and foremost, order the pan fried soup dumplings--please! This dish of dumplings alone will keep me going back for years to come, and I have religiously ordered this dumpling every single time that I've returned. It's a must. The crispy pan fried bottom; the cushy, chewy dumpling tops, the juicy pork filling; everything about his dumpling is perfect to me.  Another favorite is the Shanghai fried rice cake with pork, but make sure you specify the rice cake and not the noodles. The rice cakes have a heavenly chew to them that a noodle just can't copy. Of course everyone also orders the traditional soup dumplings which are decent here - I prefer the plain pork soup dumplings over the crab ones. 
I can't say I love every dish that I've eaten here (Shanghai Shiao Mai) but like I always say, food is subjective. It's not that it is necessarily bad but it's just not my personal taste. But I don't have a to order it - problem solved. As long as there's something here that I love to eat, I'll still come back...even if it's just one thing.Great soup dumplings located in Philadelphia Chinatown
Came here for dinner with my co-workers to eat some authentic chinese food (which is always found in Chinatown). The reviews on yelp were good and needed a place to seat a party of 8. I called ahead on the day of and the reservation process went... flawless? I asked for a table of 10, they said no problem. I said do you need a name, and she said nope, just come... so ok...
Good thing is when we got to the restaurant, they were able to sit us at a table for... 10! So whatever reservation system they had, it seemed to work (or sheer dumb luck). First things first though... the restaurant doesn't take cash (an unwelcome surprise at the end when I tried to pay the bill). Second, the restaurant is BYOB (which when I asked the waitress they weren't able to answer, but I quickly realized when they didn't sell alcohol and every other table had different alcohol bottles). Overall, the service was acceptable for Chinatown.
We ordered a ton of food... green onion pancakes, pork soup dumplings, pork and crabmeat soup dumplings, shrimp dumplings, potstickers, twice cooked pork, cold noodles, yu xiang eggplant, vegetarian soup dumplings, and some other things I can't remember. The soup dumplings were definitely great, came out hot, flavorful with plenty of soup. Some of the best I've had in the US, and I've had them in a ton of cities. They also came out fairly quickly which was great for the hungry crowd. I don't think I remember the difference between the one with crab vs without, but they were all good. 
The remaining dishes were mediocre... shrimp dumplings were decent but nothing out of the world. Potstickers were good, hard to go wrong there. Twice cooked pork was a major disappointment, the pork was sliced too large and not tender enough. The eggplant was ok as well, lacking much needed flavor. The green onion pancakes disappeared quickly so I didn't try them, but I assume people liked them. The cold noodles were decent as well, but the sauce was a little too watery. The honey walnut shrimp was another crowd-pleaser though, that went fast.Just got so many different kinds of dumplings..all good as heck..would come back. I want to thank my friends for bringing me here :-)Excellent food options! There was a long line so prepare to wait 15-20 minutes but it's worth it. We shared six plates between three adults and only spent $17 per person including tax and tip. I definitely recommend.Visited Philly with friends the other day and decided to get lunch in Chinatown as we were parked close by. We were pretty excited to try dim sum here since their Yelp reviews seemed pretty good. Unfortunately, our visit did not reflect the four stars that they have acquired on Yelp. Our food came out sporadically and randomly. The waiters and waitresses awkwardly walked and looked at our table literally every ten minutes, which made us pretty uncomfortable and confused. We had to cancel two of our food orders because apparently, they had a health inspector come that morning and failed to let their customers know ahead of time. So we were waiting for our last two dishes patiently until we decided to ask what the hold up was and how long it was until we were going to get our food. The waiter told us "ten minutes", but when we asked the waitress who came around not soon after the waiter did, she replied, "more than ten minutes" with a surprised face that we were even thinking that it would ONLY take ten minutes. This was pretty confusing to us as we felt that the employees should have been told what to say to customers so that first of all, they KNEW what they were saying was accurate and secondly, that they were giving customers the same answer. Found their lack of communication to be lacking. What was even more surprising was that it got really busy around lunchtime and people were still coming in with no idea that their food would probably not come out in time before their lunch break was over. 
On to the food. As a vegetarian, I only really had two options (in the dim sum area of the menu), which were veggie soup dumplings and the scallion pancakes. The veggie soup dumplings to me were not up to par whatsoever. They were normal dumplings, no soup. The outside "skin" that the dumplings were held in felt and looked extremely glutinous, so it was kind of gross. Pretty disappointed there. To my friends, they thought that the dumplings were really good, but if you're a vegetarian coming in, I wouldn't hold any high expectations for this specific dish. As for the scallion pancakes, we never got to try because we decided to cancel the dish as the wait was too long. This was a sad, sad visit.
* ALSO: they only take cash.I am reviewing the NEW location for Dim Sum garden.
I gave raving reviews for its delicious food in my last review. This doesn't change. This place is still awesome food at a friendly price point.
I know I said the area can be sketchy and you don't want to bring other ppl to this area. However, their new location is modern, nicely decorated, and clean. I highly recommend you check out this restaurant if the sketchiness of the area was a deterrence. 
I also tried many other dishes. I still stick to my few favorites: Xiaolongbao (pork soup dumplings), Shanghai pan fried pork juicy buns, Scallion pancake, Chinese broccoli in the garlic sauce, and cold cucumber!~!!
I crave it so much, I go here so often now. I'll probably run into whoever is reading this review at one point or another!!By far one of the best spots in Chinatown. We try to go every weekend. This place has us always craving soup dumplings and scallions pancakes. The service is fast and the prices are fair. You will never leave here unsatisfied.I had just gotten back from a trip to Shanghai and was aching for some proper dumplings again. I wouldn't shut up about it to my wife about how good proper soup dumplings are. Well, after finding this little gem on Yelp, I convinced her to give it a try. We now have a place in North America to get our dumpling fix. She loved it and they were awesome! Simple little place with straight forward decor bit it's the food that shines. The dumplings were spot on and the Kung Pao chicken was how it should be. Spicy and tasty. Not the sweet goop you get at usual places. I would recommend this place to anyone.Went with friends for soup dumplings because that's all they talk about. They were pretty good, fun to eat and get the experience. Also on the plus side they were pretty cheap. For my own taste, I thought they were a little salty. Staff is friendly and waiting to help any minute. My friends also got the garlic green beans and chicken on a stick which were both a hit. Good prices, good atmosphere, and good staff, definitely would recommend!It's called dim sum garden....go there for the dim sum/soup dumplings! It's the best pork soup dumplings I ever had in USA and I've had tried them before in NYC and California.  Supposedly the owner is 4th generation of one of the original chefs who invented soup dumplings in China once upon a time.  It's an interesting story but tasting it speaks for itself :)Good place to eat. 
Good prices.
Everybody's moving fast. 
It takes little bit to get your food it's worth waiting.The dim sum was amazing, and the sesame chicken was fresh and used white meat. The perfect place for a quick, delicious, and cheap bite in Philly!Ordered chow fun and fried rice. Mixed feelings. The fried rice was not fried. A little on the bland side. The. CHow fun was good but lacked a little extra flavor. Plus they sent the to go order without forks...We only come to this place for the soup dumpling. Nothing compare to soup dumpling in NY, but it's the best around here. 
Subtracted 2 stars: I sat by the bar and I saw the kitchen person just through away the lining that was in the steam tray without washing the tray. A little too gross for me.if I didn't see it, I would have given them 5 stars. Now, I am not even sure if I want to go back.I particularly loved the spicy soup dumplings, which had a thin skin that didn't break/leak. Everything we had tasted great.
Cash only, but don't let that dissuade you. Great prices for the quality of food that you get. (Have you been to any of those huge, popular places in NYC's Chinatown? There are fewer and less adventurous options here, but the food tastes better and they have all the popular stuff.) Everything comes out perfectly cooked and piping hot, which is super important for dim sum.
My party walked in and was seated at 10:20PM (ten minutes before close) and the amazingly efficient wait staff took our order, whisked out several of our dim sum in moments, and then checked to see if we wanted to order anything else right before the kitchen closed. It was all perfectly timed, and we were so happy to be accommodated. (They didn't rush us at all.)
Bravo, staff of Dim Sum Garden!My absolute favorite place to eat in Chinatown! Their soup dumplings are a must try! Their hot oil is in a league of its own. There's a toasted flavor in the hot oil that goes really well with everything. Their scallion pancakes are delicious and one of my favorites as well. I'm almost always craving soup dumplings now and it's all thanks to this place!If judging on food and value alone, this place would be a five. I'm docking one point for ambience and service. They pack so many people in and do quick turnaround, so it's often loud inside and hard to flag down the servers. However, the servers have always been nice and willing to answer questions about the menu. 
Now for the food! The main attraction here is the soup dumplings. Make sure to poke a hole and drain some of the broth into a spoon before biting! Otherwise your dim sum companions might get showered in pork broth (not that that's always a bad thing). I enjoy the novelty and flavor of the soup dumplings but I find them a little greasy, so I don't order too many. Don't worry there's plenty of other great items for your dumplin' consumption. 
I like to get the Shanghai wonton soup here as well. The dough of the wontons is thinner and lighter than that of the other dumplings, and they are filled with a delicious pork and bok choy combo. The broth is also pretty tasty. Other highlights are the scallion pancakes (put dumpling sauce on them), cucumber salad, and the fried beef dumplings. 
If you're balling on a budget, dim sum offers delicious food at low prices, and it's so tasty that you can eat here multiple times a month. Don't forget it's BYOB too!Ate here for the second time last week and was not disappointed.  I had the vegetarian dim sum and it was very tasty.  I added the vegetarian steam buns as well.  Not as impressed with them from a taste standpoint.  However, they were very filling and help complete the meal.The food was amazing. Service outstanding. My favorite was the soup dumplings and the price was very affordableFirst, beware that the name is misleading since it is not an authentic dim sum place one might find in a Chinatown. That being said, every time I passed this place I saw it was always full and decided to give it a try. I've craved soup dumplings for a while so it really hit the spot. The other dumplings (steamed chive and pork) were small and may have been better fried. The beef noodle soup was surprisingly delicious!! The place is a bit crowded though since there is almost always a long line of people waiting and may sometimes be standing next to customers and in the way of waiters. This place is very cheap though and you can get a lot of good food for a small price!hmmmmm boy!  so good!  dim sum rocking the Chitown!Soup. Dumplings. That is all.
It is cheap and amazing. I live around the corner and can't stop going....Great XLB and other Chinese dishes! We got those soup dumplings, pork sauce noodles, and double-cooked pork. The double-cooked pork was kind of salty, so it's best eaten with the rice they serve alongside it, but it's tasty. The noodles were also great, and the XLB was different from others but I really enjoyed it. The soup has a slight sweet taste along with the meaty flavor, which was unexpected but nice.
Service was also great. The waitstaff were all very attentive - they refilled our water regularly, food came very quickly, and they wrapped up our leftovers nicely. I think I'll be back when I'm in the area again!Really fun for BYO's and can get rowdy. Very cheap for relatively good food. Annoying to wait in line when you get there even if you have a reservation, but fun once you sit down.I was staying nearby on the Hampton Inn and wanted to satisfy my dumpling craving. My first experience was takeaway at 10 PM at night... I ordered the Shanghai pan fried soup dumplings. OH MY, they were DELICIOUS. Perfect texture of the dumpling with the bottom satisfyingly crisp. If I was just reviewing based on that late night experience I would definitely give this place a 4 stars. However, I returned within 24 hours for a late lunch to have in house... I ordered the same dumplings but was a bit disappointed... I think because of the lunch rush they sort of sacrifice on quality of food. My dumplings were haphazardly prepared in that they may have sat on a pan for perhaps 20s before they were served... I may have well ordered the steam dumplings. Still decent. Don't know how it compares to other dumpling houses in Philly as this was my first dining experience in the city's Chinatown.Every time I come here I need to be rolled out post-meal like Violet from Willy Wonka.Went here for my son's 19th birthday at his choosing and ordered mainly apps (and a lot of them!).  Everything we ate was delicious.  The soup dumplings were amazing!  We ordered in stages so everything would be fresh and hot and the waiter never rushed us and made us feel like we were ordering the way we should... by taking our time and enjoying every mouthful... which we absolutely did.  It was quite affordable for a family of 5 which was an added bonus!  Can't wait to go back.Best soup dumplings in town! Great place to go with a group of people so you can share.I've been going to Dim Sum Garden for 6 or more years, but Friday night was the first time I'd been to the new Race Street location. 
The meal was spectacular. GF and I ordered an assortment of dumplings- Napa cabbage and pork, fried with scallions, Juicy Pork Bun, etc. We also got an order of scallion pancakes. 
The food was perfect. Every dish was an experience. Both of us raved about the meal. Everything was fresh, tasty, and high quality.
While discussing it later, we agreed it was one of the top 5 best meals we had together. 
The check was $28.
This reinforces my growing conviction that there is little connection between quality and price. More often than not, the trendy, pricey places are an expensive disappointment (Osteria, Barbuzzo). 
This was a first-rate dining experience for a terrific price. Do yourself a favor and try it out.Food is amazing here. Try crab and pork juicy buns and siu mai.Dim Sum garden is my favorite Shanghai restaurant that I have encountered as of yet in America.  The highlight of the whole place is the xiao long bao also known as soup buns.  For the uninitiated these are buns which are delicately made with thin shells and filled with steaming hot soup which consists of pork and broth.  They are to die for but one must also be careful not to have the hot soup squirt out on them which can sometimes be a difficult task.  This place has the best soup buns I have had since I have been to Shanghai. I am serious about this as I have been to Flushing and Chinatown and not found any as tasty as these. They are succulent and flavorful and warm you up from the inside.  
Now let's tackle the rest of the menu.  The menu is really trying to cater to all tastes. It has traditional Shanghai dishes to Americanized Chinese food and just plain Fried Chicken with French Fries.  The dim sum items are definitely the highlight.  The aforementioned xiao long bao are the best and available in both pork and pork with seafood varieties. The pork dumplings and siu mai are also good and some of the better I have had. The scallion pancakes are definitely worth a try as well. The pork with sauce noodle is also a favorite of mine and very flavorful.  Some of the other foods are great and some are just average and you do have to pick carefully.  I would also recommend the beef brisket and the mapo tofu. The more Americanized you go the more likely you will be disappointed.  Be sure to check out the daily specials as there is always stuff that is not on the main menu.  Recently there has been this soup which is good I think it is a sweet hot and sour soup though they described as a minestrone. It is good and quite unlike anything I have tasted though there is an excess of broth. The noodle dishes are all great as the noodles are all handmade.    You can really taste the difference.  So if you are deciding between rice and noodles, go for the noodles.  Many of the dishes can also be served in a soup form with the noodles submerged which is also quite good.  Overall there is a lot of variety to please most anyone you bring with you.    
Next, the pricing is amazing.  This place is giving McDonald's a run for its money. Most main dishes are under $7 and the portions are quite large.  I would be shocked if you spent more than $20 on a meal for two and left without leftovers especially since there is no alcohol.  Actually the drink selection is limited to tea or soda pretty much.  The food generally comes out pretty quick so it's a good place if you are in a hurry.  
The staff is great.  They try their best to be helpful and make you feel welcome despite the language barrier.  They started to remember me by the second time I had come there which is impressive.  I still remember that I came in once when it was empty with a few people and they were doing food prep on one of the tables.  The immediately started to clean up and move to the back room and asked us to sit there. We said it wasn't necessary but they said it was the biggest table and they insisted.  It's moments like that will make you feel welcome somewhere and go beyond what is normally defined as service.  Seriously the people who work here are some of the nicest people I have met a restaurant and that alone makes me want to keep going back.  
The location is awful.  It will put a lot of people off. It is a weird area under a tunnel.  There are a lot of shady characters outside at times due to the proximity to the bus stop.  However, in addition to being located next to both the Chinatown and Greyhound bus stops, it is conveniently located close to Reading Terminal Market, the Market East Station, and the Convention Center.  I actually first discovered it wondering around after the flower show. Once again, you literally feel like you are underneath a bridge somewhere about to do a drug deal by the time you reach the place.  Okay I'm exaggerating quite a bit but I have taken people there and they seemed a bit hesitant.  It is safe though really.   
The interior leaves a lot to be desired. It is eerily lit by the excessive neon in the front windows.  The furniture is all from IKEA and the wall is painted in an attempt to look more modern.  There are pictures of food above the cashier counter that does not highlight the breadth or best parts of the menu.  The place is very clean but feels damp due to the location being somewhat cave-like.  There is a TV playing asian music videos which are often quite amusing.   The place seems a lot nicer from the inside than the outside.  Don't let the location or the restaurant's appearance put you off this really is a diamond in the rough.   Dim Sum Garden will leave you pleasantly surprised and craving more.  I can personally attest to this as I keep coming back for the food and the people.I travel across town just to eat there.  Fresh dim sum, made while you wait -usually 10 minutes or so.  No matter how difficult they are to eat, the juicy buns are amazing.  Between them and the pan fried dumplings, I can't bring myself to order anything else off their menu.  Little skill or care was put in to the boxy, fluorescent space, but the staff is lovable -and if you can't stand to eat there, they serve to go as well.Let's get this off my chest:
This is not dim sum. This is normal, portioned food. So don't "dim sum" ME, unless you got your fried taro or radish cakes, shrimped wrapped in rice noodles, and saumai THAT HAS MEAT IN IT. 
Otherwise, this is a good place. The Shanghai saumai was like WHOA to my taste buds (sticky rice inside?!) and the green onion pancake was delectable. I totally got the Shanghai wonton noodle soup high. Perfectly seasoned (i.e. salted just enough that the wonton flavor still dominates).
Let's see, oh yes and the Xiao Long Bao was DRIPPING in its juices. And adding juiciness to juiciness was our pork/chive dumplings. Cute little things didn't disappoint.
The condiments they put out (ginger-soy sauce, and this other sweet vinegar) were lovely. Mm!
See? I'm only mad about the name, but my tummy says everything's going to be alllllll right.Noodles and dumplings are made on premises. All fresh, authentic and highly tasty.We just ate here about an hour ago, after reading all the wonderful reviews we just had to try it....so we drove an hour from DE and came out so disappointed, we were scared by the facade but that was expected, so, we still went in. Parking in the area was $24...which is not sooooo worth what we went there for. If you were only there to eat the soup dumplings then you'll be satisfied, however, I also ordered the general Tso's which tasted like an orange chicken and our friend ordered a wanton soup that tasted like water. He should know good food, he's a very good cook! Needless to say, next time we come back here we'll be visiting Wokano again.I had some time to kill today once I got off work. So I headed into Chinatown to checkout Dim Sum Garden, since its been one of my bookmarks for awhile. 
I ordered the pork buns and spring rolls for lunch. Even though I thought that all of the hype surrounding these pork buns would amount to nothing more than a novelty, these buns turned out to be well worth the ride to get them. Thankfully I read enough reviews to know how to not burn my mouth with the broth  inside. I could have eaten much more, but what I had satisfied my appetite for the afternoon. 
I'll have to plot my next lunch here soon. Not many seats available inside at noon. But I'd just as happy taking the order to go.All of what you expect from this type of joint.  Quick, cheap, kinda dirty, staff who speak broken English, wide menu selection, etc.  Not that these are bad things, but Dim Sum Garden doesn't really stand out for me in any way worth reporting.  It's straightforward and safe.
I've been here a couple times now, and actually prefer the pan-fried dumplings over the more renowned steamed "soup dumplings" which the staff here has pushed on me each time I've visited.  Nothing special really and kind of a pain to eat.  If this is your idea of "fun" then, well...good for you.
Also their chopsticks suck.  They seem...greasy.  Hard to handle.I am shamed to say I live a block from dim sum garden and have only just discovered its magic. 
my boyfriend and i stumbled past DSG after some drinks and thought it was time to try it. Being not totally sober and not familiar with the soupy dumplings, I immediately made a huge mess and mangled my beautiful dumplings. Our waitress--who epitomized efficiency and basically predicted our every need--intervened and gave us some pointers on how to properly eat them. She also gave us a great recommendation of a dish to try when we were ordering. 
As two drunkies with big appetites, we ordered three dumpling varietals and scallion pancake and couldn't possibly finish it all. The whole meal was $18. 
As someone who lives in Chinatown, I have yet to find such an intersection of service, taste, and price. 
I will be back!Yum! More Shanghai style than traditional Hong Kong style. Very tasty and available at 3 in the afternoon! Our party of 10 thoroughly enjoyed it. (Some of us have lived in HK, and some of us are Asian!)My lunch-buddy and I are always on the prowl for cheap eats and were happy to discover Dim Sum Garden's soup dumplings. Not only are they cheap, but for a little over $5, you get eight dumplings filled with delicious broth. I'm not saying it's fat free because once the broth began to cool, you could indeed see the congealed grease, but that's common with soups and/or gravies, right? Hey- I don't complain! I walk away with a belly full of delicious hot pork, broth and spare change. You'll also get hot tea and in and out in record time! I've tried other dumplings, too, and have been pleasantly surprised, but I keep coming back for the "juicy" dumplings. Warning: Poke a hole in the top and let them cool before shoveling the entire thing in your mouth- don't be dainty, eat it whole or you're wasting your time!Went here for a late dinner (around 9pm).
Xia Long Bao (soup dumplings) were good. Skin was not too thick or thin and there was an adequate amount of soup.  The vinegar that they have in the jar is too strong tasting for the XLBs though.
Chilli cabbage shredded pork noodle (lo mein noodle) was okay,  It wasn't too greasy, which is always a good thing.
Hot and sour soup was NOT what I expected.  It was NOT spicy and it was NOT sour.  It was slightly sweet, perhaps from the pieces of tomatoes they add in there.  The consistency was also a bit watery.  
Price was decent. About 15 for all 3 dishes.Today was my first time here based on Yelp's search and reviews.
The scallion pancakes were crispy and delicious, best served with the dumpling sauce (for me)
The Shanghai soup dumplings were also great, but watch out for the hot soup inside!
I wasn't a big fan of their Wonton Ho fun soup and their triple steamed dumplings.
Next time i come here, i think im going to order all appetizers.... and many orders of scallion pancakes and soup dumplings YUMI've been to this place a bunch of times and have always had great food.  My favorite dish is the Fried bean curd noodle with soup.  The portion is huge-one I could never finish, but I enjoy the first bite as much as I do the last, and that's saying something.  The spring rolls are good as well.  The scallion pancakes are good like some of the reviews say, but once was enough for me as far as those go.
I've read a bunch of reviews on this place and I just have a few things to say about the comments in those reviews.  If you're looking to get your a$$ kissed or an overly friendly server who is going to coddle you through your whole meal-don't go here.  This isn't the place for you.  If you're looking for a trendy spot with Ikea furniture throughout, stay away.  These people serve delicious hot food quickly and for a fair price.  As far as I'm concerned, that's good enough for me.
The great thing about Philadelphia is that there's 950902920 other restaurants for you to choose from if you're looking for those kinds of things.  With the limited seating at Dim Sum Garden, people who actually enjoy this restaurant would rather you go to those anyway.Soup dumpling review only:
Stop #2378 of long weekend Philly food tour brought me and the boy here to try what Yelpers proclaim the best soup dumplings in the city. Now, of course, I have not had every soup dumpling in the city, so I cannot be unfair to the other little soup dumplings and say Dim Sum Garden's is the best.
It is, however, on par with the best soup dumplings I've had in Boston and some decent ones I've had in Toronto (Asian food heaven). Not as good as Taiwan, but is anything? (The answer is no).
The pork and crab meat dumplings are larger than most I've had and the soup is hot and flavorful without being too greasy. The filling is tender and succulent and the skin is thick and chewy. Eight of these babies in and you'll be ready to pop soup yourself.I love going here for brunch and getting an order of soup dumplings and the pork and chive pan-fried dumplings. It costs less than $15 (with tip!) and feeds two people to the gills. DELICIOUS.I love this place!  It's the best dim sum in the city and the price is dirt cheap.  The pork buns are a must and so is the seafood pancake.  You shouldn't go there for the atmosphere but the food is authentic and always packed with Chinese locals... a good sign for sure!  If you have a dim sum craving, this is the place!This is probably the best and most memorable dim sum I've had in Philly.  Don't go for the ambiance, and don't expect white linen tablecloth service.  It's fast, friendly and delicious.  Four people stuffed ourselves here for under $45, which is also a huge draw considering how quality the flavors are.  Of course we had soup dumplings (need to work on perfecting my soup dumpling technique), which were a hit with everyone.  Other great dishes - scallion pancakes, shrimp dumplings, seaweed salad and sautéed bok choy by our server's recommendation (a surprise favorite).  We also had some sort of minced pork noodles - very good, but sort of a poor man's Han Dynasty dan dan.  It was packed on a random weekend afternoon, but it's totally worth the wait (or even having to eat standing up - you won't be able to help yourself)!Agreed on the xiao long bao soup dumplings.  Very tasty and definately would return for those.  But I warn anyone from the West Coast coming here to feel like SF/LA Chinatown home.  I think she said this is "Shanghai" dim sum.  I might have the location wrong but regardless the differences are huge.  First and foremost, a shu mai is more like a dumpling with sticky rice and a bit of meat (rice ball), not pure pork with a shrimp on top.  The Har Gow uses tiny tiny shrimp and no ginger, so it ends up tasting like a really cheap version of Har Gow.  The onion pancake I think I've had better; it was more dense than I like.  The pork potstickers were ok.  We got a noodle dish that was pretty good with a nice tea flavor to it.  
Overall, if I didn't have expectations for tastes of home or didn't know better I wouldn't have been so disappointed.  But I feel like a lot of Philly Asian food reviews are done by people who don't know better.  Coming from SF, there aren't exactly a ton of Asians here.I haven't even tasted the food yet but I don't like this restaurant already. I by mistake came here to pick up my food although I had ordered at the other dim sum garden. They both are on same street and have same names which can be quite confusing . The lady here said she hasn't started making the food yet and she took my money . I said to her that j spoke over the phone and she said it was ready. She said she is going to make it soon and I don't have to wait long. Until then I did not know I had ordered at the other one and there were two restaurants by same name. She could have at least told me to check with the other restaurant . Now I ended up paying here and my food is getting ready and at the other place I guess the food is ready and they are eating for me to pick it up. Pure act of selfishness . I know the food here tastes good but I did not like the mindset.I finally had the chance to try the Xiao Long Bao, and they were really good.  I am so happy to finally have a place to get these instead of having to go all the way to NYC.  Their noodles were also really good, made in the restaurant, and when I asked the waitress, she said the "dry style" was better than the soup style.  I got the dry noodles, and although they were a little salty, they were really tasty.  Don't let this place close down, Philly definitely needs more Chinese restaurants than the usual Cantonese style!
Next time, I want to try their dumplings and their scallion pancake.  Also, as a side note, they do sell their dumplings raw, if you want to take them home and freeze them.  Same price as cooked at the restaurant.Food is amazing!!!! They are almost always packed. Try the soup dumpling and any of the homemade noodles.
Don't be put off by the location... it's worth trying!!A true diamond in the rough. The dingy fast food looking exterior is quite a deception to the incredibly authentic Chinese dishes inside. The crab/pork soup dumplings are a must, and the sweet soy sauce in the porcelain jars on the table are a perfect accompaniment. 
I found the best way to eat their soup dumplings with the least amount of wasted juice is to place the dumpling onto a spoon, bite a tiny hole on the side, let it cool, carefully sip the juice, pour soy sauce into the hole, and take a bite. Divine. 
The braised beef over noodles or the understated eggs and tomatoes over rice make perfect main course. Dishes are full of flavor, but not too greasy or heavily sauced. Amazingly cheap, and although not the ideal place for a first date, it's perfect for dinner with a few friends.I am kinda sorta a fan... I liked the food, but the place was freezing!    Now about the food....
After a hard day of shopping at the King of Prussia mall we decided on some dim sum.  When you first arrive you feel like you just walked into an annex of the chinese bus station next door...the decor is sparse and utilitarian...however peruse the menu and your thoughts change....I thought myself, "Let's have some fun."   And so I did.  I started with the pork dumpling soup.   Dumplings were tasty but the broth was metallic tasting.  Weird huh?   Next up was fried egg, tomatoes, pickes, and baby bok choy....sounds gross right?  Well, it worked.  It was tasty as all can be.  I am making it for breakfast...  Next up was pork and crab something or others...they were mini explosins of pork and crab that  I had to receive special instructions on how to eat. 
Service - is fast and mercenary.  
Tea - weak and metallic.
Homeless  people wander in at times.  But hey this is Philly...
Bathrooms - no idea.  Did not want to know really.Was gonna go to Rangoon for lunch today.  Glad I decided to do that some other time.  Lunch at DSG was awesome.  My friend and I had:
Cabbage & Chili Soup- excellent (only $1.50!)
Seaweed salad- very nice
Pork soup dumplings- to die for
Fried Veg Dumplings- exquisite, tiny diced tofu, chives & other veg, way better than typical veg dumplings
Cold cucumber- very nice, I wonder if the the cukes are slightly fermented, definitely more going on than typical Chinese cold cucumber salad
Another order of pork soup dumplings, we couldn't resist.
We left stuffed and happy, the bill was only $26.95!
YUM!Once you've mastered how to eat these delicious soup dumplings without juices exploding everywhere and burning your face off, you're cool in my book.
Yeah the underpass location is sketchy, but an inexpensive AND delicious center city lunch isn't perfect.For decor, Dim Sum Garden gets roughly 0 stars. But, the food is really good. The chicken dumplings are some of the best dumplings I have had in North America. The Bok Choy was well prepared in some tasty butter sauce. The vegetable buns were a bit dry. The vegetable dumplings were good.I just moved to Philly after 7 years in San Francisco, so my soup dumpling standards are high.  Dim Sum Garden has phenomenal soup dumplings.  They call them pork buns or something like that (top of the menu).  Pork soup dumplings, crab soup dumplings, you can't go wrong.  They are out of this world.  Also, the food is super cheap and the staff is very nice.  Go there. Now.Dim Sum Garden was a welcome surprise.  We were looking for a quick bite to eat before the Philadelphia Flower Show and found out about Dim Sum Garden here at Yelp.  The pork and chive dumplings were the best I've ever had, soup dumplings were great, beef noodle soup was so-so, scallion pancakes good but a little bland.   This is definitly a take-out, dive atompshere, but they had table service and the whole experience was a satisfying adventure.When I first came through the door I had the feeling that I was in the wrong place. I'm used to the big Dim Sum houses of San Francisco and Oakland Chinatowns where a battalion of non-English speaking Chinese woman push around the traditional carts. This place had about a dozen tables and no carts.
I've never had Xiao long bao and wish I had read up on these juicy bites of goodness before I arrived. The little dumpling exploded onto my shirt, pants, and table while I sat there with an expression like I had just let out a loud fart by accident. I wised up and used a soup spoon to cradle the 2nd dumpling while I carefully bit the corner off and sucked out the most amazing broth I have ever had. I also had a great flat noodle dish with pork that was quite tasty.
The next time you find yourself close to this underpass by Reading Terminal, do yourself a favor and try the Xiao long bao, just remember to wear an old shirt.The single best dish here is #2a. Shanghai Pan Fried Pork Juice Buns 6 pcs. (sheng jian bao). Just doughy enough, crispy charred bottom, porky filling. Possibly the best sheng jian bao I've ever had. I now order this on every trip here. I don't know why people don't rave about this dish more!!!
But one order of sheng jian bao is not enough food, so I usually also order something else for a typical lunch. My second favorite dish here is the pork and crab soup dumplings (xiao long bao) everyone else is always raving about (#2. Shanghai Crabmeat & Pork Juicy Buns 8 pcs). I think the one with crab is better than the pork-only one.
I've also tried the steamed chives & pork dumplings (#6) once. The wrappers came out mushy and overcooked. The filling was fine, but they weren't amazing. I might try the dumplings again, probably pan fried next time.
They do take credit cards, but there's a $20 minimum.delicious noodle soup and soup dumplings.  Fast service, great prices, awesome food... worth the drive from Baltimore.For what it is, it's awesome! My husband and I are from out of town and love dim sum. We can't get it back home (in the sticks) so we always look for an authentic place when we travel. No need for fancy tables or ambience; we're all about the food. Bring on the dives and spare me the formalities!
We spent $20 (not including tip), and were stuffed! Yes, $20 fed us both for dinner! It was so good but we were amazed we finished it all. They bring you ice water right away. The plastic tables and chairs were clean and comfortable. The AC was much appreciated during one of the four heat waves so far in Philly this year. The service was attentive but we're also not shy to ask for another fork or more water, for example. Our waiter made great recommendations too. Everyone was very pleasant.
Shrimp dumplings- hubby ate those and liked them but didn't rave. 
Juicy pork buns- dumplings with pork and soup inside- their specialty and a must try!
Pork noodles with sauce- fantastic and somehow tasted better with every bite. 
Chive pancake- wicked good too! A nice alternative texture to the rest of our meal. Not too greasy, great flavor. 
Another reviewer mentioned a situation where part of their group was served and eating before the others' food arrived or even ordered. I may have witnessed a similar situation at an adjacent table. Three of the four men were eating and seemed to be finishing up when the fourth man's food arrived. However, I was not a party to this group so I don't know the entire situation. 
Our experience was very enjoyable and we may even go back again for lunch before we leave despite all the wonderful dining options this city has to offer. 
They do accept credit cards but prefer cash.I would have to say that this place is good for where it is at.  Philadelphia isnt really known for their asian population so for the quality of shanghai soupy dumplings... its great.  Dont get me wrong, its not bad... the skin is thin but i have had thinner and yummy juices.  I just recently tried another place in NY for dumplings and that was DELICIOUS!!!! 
I will definitly go back to this place and try others dishes... looking forward to try their noodles.I've had better dim sum to say the least. While the prices initially look good, you can normally get dim sum for far cheaper. 
I had heard good things about their soup dumplings, but I'm sorely disappointed by the ones I got. The soup was far sweeter than I'm used to. 
The Siu Mai was good though. As were the shrimp dumplings.The crab meat shao long ton ( soup dumpling) bao was delicous!!There is not much I can say about Dim Sum Garden that hasn't been said before. Every time I go I get those phenomenal soup dumplings. (Or, if you want to sound smart and cultured, xiao long bao.) Absolutely out of this world, so tasty and fun to eat too. I'm glad I read how to eat them before visiting, though, or I imagine I'd be totally lost. The trick is to bit a small hole, suck out the soup, and then eat the dumpling. Even with this method I usually end up spilling a little. Just adds to the fun though!
Of course, I can't ignore those scallion pancakes. Perfectly crisp and tasty and well complemented by the dipping sauces provided on the table. I have no idea what either of them are, but both are really good. I like sticking the dumplings in them after getting the soup out too. I like taking a friend or two to split these with otherwise I will seriously gorge myself. Not that I don't otherwise.
So next time you maybe just got out of a show at the Troc or have a good twenty minutes until your train arrives at Market East but your tummy's grumbling, skip the toasted ravioli from WaWa (though that's good too) and stop by Dim Sum Garden. Probably the same price, too!Even though this place is a hole in the wall, it's the only place I've found in philly to service shanghai dumplings. Luckily, they are delicious! 
Don't come here if you want the traditional dim sum with carts because you won't get it. 
This place also serves other Shanghainese food, but for sure you have to try the dumplings. I'm not a fan of the dumplings with crab even though in China it's considered a delicacy. I like the original one. Get Mapo Tofu and Scallion pancake if you are still hungry. Those other two are very good as well! .If you like judging a book by its cover, you probably wouldn't step in here.  Which is cool, cause that just ensures a table for me to enjoy some xiao long bao!  These little guys are definitely soupy and hot enough to burn the mouth if you take too large of a bite - in other words, they're pretty legit.  
My pickled veggie and beef noodle soup was a little salty.  Guess you can't win with everything.Not fancy -- it's on 11th at the underpass across from Hilton Garden.  About a block from Marriott.  Also, it's not a dim sum place as most people understand dim sum (carts with piping hot food in them).
With that said, the food is excellent for the money.  The siao long bao (steamed pork dumplings with soup in them) had lots of soup hot soup in them and were very tasty.  Have it with the dumpling sauce (vinegar) on the table for some contrast in flavors.  I also like mine with ginger (you have to ask for it).I equate dim sum to the Chinese version of bar food.  All the little delicious picky stuff without having to mess around with noodles & rice & whatnot (although that is certainly an option here!).  I loved my first experience here and have been daydreaming about going back.  With such an expansive menu, the possibilities are endless!
Everything my sister & I got here was delicious.  I am not as huge a fan a the little soup sack dumplings as I am pan fried, but they were deliciousnonetheless...despite the fact that I burnt off a layer of skin on the roof of my mouth.  Oh well, I know better for next time!
Even the non-dim sum itens were delicious.  I especially liked the won ton soup, chicken on a stick, and the very tasty scallion pancakes.
Dim Sum Garden is by no means a classy joint.  In fact it is a little terrifying.  But totally worth it.  Can't wait to go back!This is the best place for Dim Sum in Philadelphia. I have been searching for xiao long bao (soup dumplings) all over the major cities such as NYC, LA and San Francisco in last ten years and truly the only best ones I found are at this little restaurant called Dim Sum Garden. I have been eating in this place many times since I discovered it and I have never been disappointed even once. There are many other good dishes I have tried and they are all great. Although this restaurant is not at the central zone of Chinatown, the advantage is that you can find on street parking rather easier in near by Filbert Street. This restaurant has an open kitchen. It always makes me feel more comfortable becaus I can see how the soup dumplings are made and I can be sure they are fresh and clean.went here for lunch, got like 4 dishes. 
first was the wine chicken... which was interesting because usually they do not drench it with wine... but it wasn't bad, nothing spectacular though.
2nd dish was the sui mai.. which was kind of bland
3rd dish was the #1... shanghai steamed buns? this is prob the best thing about this place. It is alot better compared to other dim sum places in china town.
4th was minced beef with rice.. which wasn't really what I was expecting.. it was not that goood.
if you want shanghai steamed buns however.. come to this placeDefinitely cheap and delicious.  Me with three others ordered two orders of soup dumplings, scallion pancakes and four separate noodle dishes for 38.80 and we were stuffed.  Definitely well hidden but definitely worth stopping byThere is always someone eating here, at most odd times of the day. During meal times, particularly on weekends, it could get quite crowded. 
So, even though the restaurant looks a bit sketchy from the outside, I decided to I had to check out what the fuss was about. 
The soup dumplings here will satisfy the craving - plenty of hot juice in the bun, and the pork flavor is nice enough. However, I found the skin to be a bit too chewy and the soup lacked the garlicky/ gingery aroma that typically adds another dimension to the pork flavor.I've only been here once, and the location would make one skeptical about this place, however I found the soup dumplings as well as the pan fried dumplings to be delicious. I was disappointed with the shumai because it simply was not what I expected. It was a dumpling full of RICE which I have never seen labelled as shumai. Aside from that, I would definitely consider trying this place out again.Fantastic!
Certainly doesn't look like much from the outside, and the location is a little sketchy, but don't let that deter you -- the food is delicious!
Everything here is hand made (e.g. noodles, dumplings, etc) and you can really taste the difference.
Ordered the soup dumplings and they were great.  Wonderful broth under and tender skin.
Also ordered one of the noodle dishes, which was excellent.  The homemade noodles are chewy and perfect.
The only downside was the wonton soup -- my companion liked it but the broth was a little off to me.  Also, the duck in the roast duck over rice was more bones than duck -- although the crispy skin was great.
Overall, fabulous place, very cheap, great service, and amazing food.Solid option for xiao long bao (soup dumplings).  Located at the underpass not far away from Reading Terminal Market, this small restaurant looks more like your take-out Chinese place.  Nevertheless the menu has what you need.  They told us they had three types of soup dumplings but the pan-fried one didn't taste like what you expect it to be like (the others were delicious though).  Great option for comfort Chinese on a cold day.Ambiance:  We all know that this is not the prettiest restaurant nor in the nicest location.  Granted, you will have to push past the chinatown bus crowd to get into Dim Sum Garden, but you will be happy that you did!  The furniture is recognizable as some of the cheapest options that you can find at Ikea, but it serves its purpose.  The wall is full of framed pictures of some famous international sights, but there is no real theme.  Past the curtains is the bathroom...and a hallway of storage.
Service:  The service is that of a traditional Asian restaurant where the server is brusque, but it is not meant as an insult.  If there is an Asian in your dining group, the server will try to communicate with and through them as much as possible.  It can be a bit isolating and annoying.  But again, can you blame them?  The food comes out quickly and the waitstaff is always so close by (small restaurant) that you can easily flag them over if you need anything.
Food:  This is the real reason that you come to this place - the food.  If you have seen this place and already know the location and aesthetic, it is clear that the food must be good in order to always be so packed.  The soup dumplings are the headliner here (with scallion pancake trailing closely behind) and rightfully so.  To be honest, it is not worth it to me to pay extra for the seafood soup dumplings because their flavor is very nearly the same as the regular pork ones.  Learning how to eat these things is key, otherwise you WILL burn yourself.  Be warned that if the soup from the dumpling squirts out on your face, hand, etc - it will be burning hot and quite sticky.  Put the soup dumpling into your Chinese spoon, bite off the top, let the dumpling cool,add chili sauce and dumpling sauce on top (this step is optional for you but imperative for me), eat the whole thing like the greedy troll that you are.  Their version of dan dan noodles are tasty, but not spicy and cannot hold a candle to Han Dynasty.  Their beef noodle soup is just okay.  Stick with the headliners.
Overall:  Get over thinking that you are above this shady location and go to this restaurant, get the soup dumplings and scallion pancakes, thank me later.Ghetto looking as hell but solid, delicious (and greasy) Shanghainese food. This is one of the few places in Philly where you can get hot soup dumplings that are not previously frozen (at $3 less than NY prices). Also try their noodle soups - large portions and not heavily dosed with MSG. 
So cheap, you can feed the whole family! Plus, kitchen looked clean and the waitress was polite - a rare find in Chinatown hole-in-the-walls!Bus depot. Fried chicken joint. Bum. Wawa. Wait, there's something else on 11th Street underneath that dingy Convention Center overhang... Dim Sum Garden!
The main point of our visit was Xiao Long Bao, known to us white people as Soup Dumplings. We got the pork filled ones and loved every bite. They were in the upper rung of Asian dishes I've ever had. We also got the duck over noodles. The duck was cooked really well and the noodles were spectacular. Actually, we started to order the duck over rice but the waitress was kind enough to steer us in the right direction. I've had scallion pancakes on several occasions in the past but the ones at DSG were exceptional, probably the best. The Bok Choy was also very tasty and we got a few other plates that were equally delicious. We were there for dinner on Saturday night and it wasn't crowded but I would imagine this place fills up for the weekend brunch crowd. 
Ignore the sketch and check this place out! Just look for the one business on this block without the stench of death all over it and you've found it!Cheap and delicious steamed pork soup dumplings. My sis-in-law loves the fried version of the soup dumpling. Try both and decide for yourself. The crab soup dumpling is also good, but the pork is better. Other notable favorites are the tomato and egg and pancake scallion. Pass on the Chinese broccoli with garlic.This place is a dump like no other.
But holy shit.  Soup dumplings.  Made proper.  I have been coming here for a year now, and their soup dumplings have never disappointed.  Not once.  I recently tried their vegetable dumplings and was surprised that any other dumpling could compete on the same level.  But they do!  Also, their noodle dishes are awesome, but I try to avoid ordering the ones with meat as they tend to give you fattier cuts that I'm just not that into.
Definitely one of the best ways to spend six dollars.I can totally understand why someone would come to a place called Dim Sum Garden looking for an enjoyable dim sum experience. I mean come on, that just makes sense. But please, do yourself a favor and do not - repeat, do NOT - go in with this mindset. If the words "Dim Sum" were the only things that drew you in to this sketchy locale, responsibly walk your stomach and your wallet over to Ocean Harbor or Joy Tsin Lau (or New York or DC). 
Three little words that will optimize your dining experience at DSG: xiao long bao. These tender, meaty, juicy soup dumplings are by far the best in the city (though there is not really much competition in this category). Eating them might be tricky for first-timers, so be careful as you do not want to waste a single drop of the glorious soupiness. There is honestly no need to order anything else off the menu (everything else is not exceptional), but if you are dying to have some variety (poppycock, if you ask me), the scallion pancake and some of the noodle dishes are fine. Just be careful not to order the siu mai, as it is not the porky meaty delight you might expect from a traditional dim sum establishment, but rather a little dumpling sack filled with sticky rice. For serious, xiao long bao is all you're going to need.
One of the biggest and most heretical party fouls in the history of life is breaking one of these precious xiao long bao before it makes it to your plate. Your heart will sink as you helplessly watch those valuable juices escape from your reach forever. Definitely not a place for fork users.I came here recently and it is still a solid place to get shanghai juicy/soup dumplings in Philly (I've tried sang kee's version and it is always soupless). I shared 3 sets of the pork and 1 of crab mixed with pork with 2 other people. I felt like I enjoyed the crab one more but only because I got tired of eating the same pork over and over. Perhaps I would try the vegetable version next time!Delicious! We had the Pork buns, pork and chive dumplings, and the scallion pancakes. Great, cheap lunch on a cold winters day. The waitstaff seems rushed, but no big deal, the food was served hot.Ok so I dont normally write yelp reviews i just selfishly use them to find a good spot and avoid the crappy places b/c I'm cheap like that.
But this place ROCKS and I had to come and tell everyone how amazing they are. Cheap food and not alot of flair and decoration in the humble little spot but what r u here for decorations or food.
The food is GREAT. I've been to Ocean Harbor which is supposed to have the best Dim Sum in town. Yeah they have the carts and this place doesn't but at OH the food was all stale, the waitresses were rude and the food wasn't as good. DSG is legit, my girlfriend is chinese and she says that everything here is authentic cantonese dishes. 
Don't be fooled with bad description of the food. Pork with sauce, I was like WTF is Pork with Sauce, get it it is amazing. Of course u have to get the dumpling. the soup dumpling are called like steamed pork bun or something, pork dumblings off the hook, and cheap for everything. A huge soup with duck and all is like 5 bucks. 
Go, eat, leave happy.It was the first time my boyfriend and I had stopped by here after being recommended here by a friend to try the juicy buns. The place has terrible decor, wobbly chairs, dirty chopsticks, and okay service. As soon as I walked in, the two hispanic cooks stared directly at me and smiled/laughed... which is kind of creepy especially for my first time here. After being sat down, we eventually chose our dishes to try: the Shanghai juicy buns, pork fried rice, and the fried chives/pork dumplings. Out of all of these, the best dish was the juicy buns. It was the best part of the visit and possibly one of the only high points. The fried dumplings could have been more crunchy and less soggy. It was only fried on one side. The WORST dish was the pork fried rice. The serving size was small, tasted too salty, had very little pork (mostly little balls of overcooked meat), and the rice was hard.. o__o 
Overall, 3 stars for the juicy buns and fried dumplings and -2 stars for decor, fried rice, and service. We would like to try them again for their noodles and more juicy buns!!Talk about false advertising!  So first of all, the restaurant name is misleading, so if you are looking for traditional dim sum, prepare to be disappointed.
My friend and I ordered two orders of the shanghai dumplings (xiao long bao), and they were mediocre at best, even though they were plenty juicy.  The siu mai wasn't made of pork and was oddly shaped.  The beef noodle dish was unappetizing, and I don't know if that is a function of being fully fed or fully fed up with the service.
While seated at the small, elevated table that's already pretty cramped for space, our server forced our dish onto the table, fully disregarding the lack of space.  As a result, he spilled hot tea all over my friend and all over his Blackberry and digital camera.  He did apologize profusely and I think he genuinely felt bad, but yikes!
Also, since there is no waiting area and the restaurant was surprisingly packed throughout lunch, we felt watched the entire time.  That's no way to dine!  If this is the standard for Chinese food in Philly, you can't pay me enough to leave Cali for that.
Ugh.  Blackberries can be replaced, but the horrible memory of this "dim sum" experience can't.  Oh well, at least they tried!Yum I had the pork and chives steam dumplings. I wish I was more hungry/had more company, but it was only me on my adventure in Philly and this definitely hit the spot for some steamed dumplings. 
Will definitely stop by next timeI've been hitting the really yummy food jackpot lately! And it's about time since I've walked by Dim Sum garden, like, a million zillion times.
So, a zillion years ago, I tried Dim Sum while living in Chicago and I hated it. It just wasn't that good, leaving a friend and I sitting there asking ourselves "Is this what non-Americanized Chinese food tastes like or does this just suck?". I remember the best thing from that meal being a turnip cake, otherwise, I felt like this vegetarian was mostly left hung out to dry. The cool little cart didn't even make it better, either.
Although I still don't have the answers to these questions, I am so happy to tell you that everything I tried tonight at the Dim Sum Garden was delicious! I found myself here after a friend suggested that we and three other ladies meet here for dumplings before a show at the Union Transfer. For around $15 each (with tip), all of us gals shared the bok choy, scallion pancake, and a whole lot of dumplings! 
We all left feeling pretty full and pleased with our food. I'm going to go ahead and say that the scallion pancake was the most tasty for the price ($2.50), but the bok choy was something I could eat an entire plate of (theory almost tested: I shared, but it was mostly all for me). 
The dumplings definitely held their own. Between the shrimp and the veggie, I couldn't declare a winner because they were so equally good. I might have liked the veggie quite a bit because someone ordered theirs pan fried, which made them a little special. I recommend trying both steamed and fried: each method of preparation gives each variety of dumpling a new taste. Definitely try the different sauces at each table, too, which were soy sauce blends of deliciousness.
Our service, the food, and the prices are all great. Dim Sum Garden may be my new favorite place in Chinatown! Yeah! Keep it growin', guys.Their Shao Long Bao is pretty good.  DO NOT, I repeat, DO NOT let it get semi cold.  It greases up very fast.  
The liquid is a rich pork broth with some spring onion taste.  Couple this with vinegar and finely sliced ginger, it's the perfect combination for a late afternoon snack.  
Some folks get a 2:30pm black coffee, when in the philly chinatown area, I get a quick shao long bao order.  
Their onion pancake was again alittle greasy.  I used some napkin to suck up the BP spill, and it was pretty crunchy and flaky.  
However, i would discourage in getting the Pan-fried pork bun.  It had way too much grease and the breading was just too chewy.  It wasn't thick (which is a typical problem) but the breading was just too chewy.  
Like I said, in the mood, Dim Sum Garden is perfect for a greasy spoon spot! 
-2 stars for the oil and bouncy pan fried pork bun.The best juicy dumplings in the city!!! Should to try cold marinated cucumbers. I couldn't say the cafe's exterior and interior absorb all your attention, but that worth to try everything here. :)located next to the 'chinatown bus' stop, it looks like a chinese take out spot with all the lighted pictures of general tso's and friends above the counter. 
nope.  this place only serves the real deal northern chinese food.  and no, they don't even have dim sum.  gottem!
get the xiao long bao.  these are the real deal.  fresh, soupy, and steaming hot.  the regular dumplings (boiled or pan fried) are also so very fresh.  they use freshly made wrappers too.  noodle dishes use freshly made noodles as well.  
basically, everything is fresh and home made, like mom made it.  assuming your mom is chinese, that is.I came back here a couple of days ago and wasn't disappointed.  On principal alone, just by serving duck gizzards to a round-eye like me without giving me an argument, this place has earned its keep. The gizzards have a nice salty (they're sprinkled with salt water) and roast duck (as in they were removed after a whole duck has been cooked) and offal flavor.  Pan fried pork dumpling with chives were also delicious. Moist, liquid and separate and pronounced chive and pork flavor, the dumpling almost melts in your mouth if it wasn't for the earthy tasting skin, which absorbs some of the liquid.  My seafood rolls, although mostly cabbage filled, were also good. A nice crispy and greasy skin surrounds a hearty mess of cabbage. 
Truly a keeper.This review is for the soup dumpling only - 
We got 4 orders of the pork soup dumplings ( or juicy pork dumplings) and an order of the scallion pancakes.  The scallion pancake were good.  The pork soup dumplings were really good.  It had a lot of soup, the "skin" was thin  and the flavor were great.   I did not give it 5 stars because one of the soup dumplings had some pink stuff in it.  We think it was not cooked through.  We spoke to the wait staff.  She insisted that it was crab meat (she said it was for extra flavoring).  My kids are mildly allergic to seafood, so it was alarming to hear that they put crab meat in the pork soup dumplings.   But then they didn't show any symptoms of the allergy, so I guess it's all good.
I usually eat the soup dumplings with some young gingers and vinegar.  The restaurant will provide the ginger if you ask for it.  The ginger was not quite young enough and it was a little too thick.  
It is a small store located across street from Hilton near the Chinatown bus stop.  While some people feel it was not a very safe location, I can only say that I don't feel any less safe there than anywhere in the surrounding area.My girlfriend loves this place, very good soup dumplings and everything else for that matter, a must see/eat at hole in the wall dumpling spot, love it, love it, love it!my co-teacher/girlfriend usually came here for late night snack when we volunteered as ESL teachers near Chinatown. 
Their house made noodle is superb, and you can hardly go wrong with anything on the dim sum menu. and the biggest advantage: soooooooo inexpensive, as is the principle of nearly all places in Chinatowns.This place looks shady, super shady. I told myself location would never be the reason for a bad review. Once inside, the lights are bright white and had that scary movie feel to it.
Onto the food. We kept it simple and just wanted to try the "famous" soup dumplings that people have been raving about. We also ordered the pan fried version as well. 
The pan fried soup dumplings came out first. Definitely not my favorite of the two, since this version was a bit drier (no soup! duh) and the dough was thicker than what I would have liked. The regular ones came out and looked delicious. It had a thinner skin and plenty of soup inside. Carefully bite into these things because burning your lips is inevitable. Flavorwise it wasn't anything mind blowing. Just your simple pork filling and some good stock inside.Only go here for soup dumplings, nothing else. No ambiance, crappy location. Also known as shanghai buns, these are hard to find in most places..Good, solid Shanghai-nese food. I've been looking for somewhere like this ever since we moved to Philly - very happy.
The goods: XLB (they are HUGE and super filled with fatty soupy goodness), pork and chive steamed dumplings (they taste "almost" as good as my mother-in-law's...so homey), shen jian bao (more flavorful than most that I've had)
The oks: jia jia mien (noodles were good but sauce was kinda meh) and the onion pancake...it's uber thin/crispy, while we prefer ours more thick and flaky.
Yeah, it looks like crap on the outside and it's in an underpass...but honestly, to me that is a sign of a good Asian restaurant. It's super cheap - for 6 dishes split between 4 people, the bill came out to $33.This is my second time coming here. First time was really late at night, so I felt the food was left over from the morning. This time, I came on a lunch hour during the weekdays. The food was much better, but still didn't meet up to my standards. 
My friend and I ordered 2 hot and sour soup, turnip cake, pan fried chicken dumplings, and crab meat & pork xiao long bao. The turnip cake was not the usual traditional one, so I didn't like it as much. Not because I wanted the traditional ones, but simply because it wasn't better. The hot and sour soup is pretty good, they add tomatoes compared to traditional ones, which I actually like better. The xiao long bao was definitely below standard (compared to Shanghai Cafe or Joe's Shanghai in NYC). I liked the chicken dumplings, it was good. 
The meal came out to be around $28 plus tip, I think that's pretty ok. Not sure if I want to return, I don't hate it, but I also don't love it either. So very mixed feeling.This is not the most glamorous place to eat, but overlook that and try the handmade xiao long bao (Shanghai steamed buns).  Having lived in Shanghai, these are the most authentic you'll get in Philly (if you can even find them anywhere else).  The vegetable steamed buns, steamed pork &amp; chives dumplings, and scallion pancake are all just as fantastic, handmade, authentic goodness.I ran into this place for a quick lunch while attending a conference because everything else was jammed.  Because I'm not a big fan of dumplings (I know, it's illegal, my fiance can not understand it) I ordered a noodle dish, thinking you can't go wrong with a noodle dish in an asian restaurant.  What came out was basically egg noodles with little bacon bit like pieces of pork.  I ate about 4 bites, and then went the rest of the afternoon being hungry.  If you are going to come here, make sure you stick with the dim sum.  However, given how many Asian restaurants there are in this area, I'd have to assume you can do way better.As noted in the other reviews, it's not the prettiest place in the world but they have the best Xiao Long Bao (soup dumplings) in Philly and New York.  I know there are a lot of Joe's Shanghai lovers out there but this place is better when it comes to the Xiao Long Bao.  I usually get the number 1 and number 2.  Number one is just pork and number 2 has pork and a bit of crab meat in it.  I've tried others in the city but this is by far my favorite.  It's probably got more MSG too but I don't care because when the craving hits you have to knock it down!
I've only had better Xiao Long Bao in Hong Kong (reason for the 4 stars).  Specifically, Din Tai Fung in Hong Kong but since it's not an easy hike to get there this place satisfies.  I've also had some other noodle dish with minced pork that was pretty good.  They actually make good noodles here.  However, it's the  Xiao Long Bao that keeps me going back for more.A nondescript, Chinese home-style looking establishment, tucked in the throws of a tunnel along N 11th street. It's the type of place that most passersby would just well, pass by. But for those willing to stop, you are in for a treat. 
Walking in from the cold, I warmed up body and taste buds with a dumpling noodle soup. The broth was on the weak side, lacking flavor, but the dumplings were tasty and plentiful and the bok choy crisp and fresh tasting.   
The real foodie fun however would begin with their signature, Xiao Long Bo (soup dumplings). Served steaming hot, in lots of 8, I eagerly dug into these pale colored puffs. While this was not my first Xiao Long Bo (XLB), it quickly became apparent that I had not attained veteran status just yet. Stuffing the first few (delicious) dumplings into my mouth whole, the waitress quickly spotted my transgression, and rushed to my rescue with a lesson in the art of Xiao Long Bo consumption.  How amazing is that? 
First, place the dumpling in your spoon. Second, bite off the top of the dumpling and sip the soup slowly (yum). Third, eat deflated dumpling and enjoy. With technique mastered, I was now equipped to enjoy them to their maximum potential.  That potential was awesome.
Not only were the XLB top notch, so to (to my surprise) was the service; not exactly what you'd expect at a hole in the wall on the fringes of Chinatown. Extra napkins, dipping sauce, hot & cold beverage refills, and  a masters degree in dumpling consumption, brought my way, without even having to ask. This place is can't miss on your next visit to Phila Chinatown.
-SZSometimes,  I can't believe that this place is in Philadelphia.  I've been to places in San Francisco and New York, and I truly believe that the taste of the Xiao Long Baos here are comparable if not better.  The soup noodles and the onion pancakes here are not bad either.  The area seems a little sketchy on the outside but once inside you'll find a clean eatery.After seeing a solid four stars for this place and having never tried it even though I'm always in Chinatown, we decided to give it a go. After giving it a try, I guess I realize once again why I've never bothered to come here. The place is right under the passageway going into Chinatown from 11th street, which is not in the usual vicinity of where we normally go for Chinatown. It is a bit dingy if I do say so myself, but I can also see how it may be "traditional" in terms of having an atmosphere similar to a small cafe/restaurant in China. 
We ordered the pork XLB, pan-fried pork dumplings, and a plate of pickled cabbage and pork noodles. The soup in the XLB wasn't bad. What needed improvement on was probably the quality of the skin, which was a bit sticky and doughy, and not as thin as it could be. We also wished that they would've given us small sauce dishes and ginger for dipping, because the bottles kept squirting in all the wrong directions (that's what she said). But for what the place is, I guess we couldn't ask for more. 
The pan-fried dumplings were your average, pan-fried dumplings, good but nothing special. The noodle plate was our least favorite. It was too salty for our liking, but tasted a lot better when we re-heated it the second time around at home. I wouldn't order that again though, if I ever do return here.Legit soup dumplings in the most random, sketchy location. Was pleasantly surprised. I would stay away from the scallion pancakes though. Tasted like the frozen kind you get in the Asian supermarket and barely had any scallions...
I would go back and just eat an entire order of soup dumplings.For years I've been driving up to my usual spots in Manhattan and Flushing for my xia long bao fix - not anymore. I've walked past this place so many times but never gave it a second thought on entering until I read about it on one of Yelp's monthly emails. I was hesitant at first, but after reading everyone's reviews and tips I decided to give it a shot. Besides the delicious xia long bao, the dumplings there are excellent as well (pork & chives). My preference is for the steamed dumplings though (fried ones are ok, but probably would have tasted better had I ordered it right after the grill was cleaned). I've gone as often as twice a day for xiao long baos; gluttonous.I had their xiao long bao(pork only) and scallion pancakes.
I loved their scallion pancakes, very nice i must say.
Their xiao long bao didn't come out that great though.  For a few of them, the dough was undercooked and the dumplings themselves weren't that hot (which may explain the undercooked dough).
If they did it right, I would have given it a 4.  I actually prefer the dumplings from Sakura Mandarin, which is a few blocks down. The dumplings @ Sakura costs a little more than here, but the taste makes up for it.Delicious food at a reasonable price that came out very quickly.  The restaurant is not much to look at but the dumplings make it worthwhile.I have been there many times as it's one of my favorite restaurants in philly chinatown. I mainly go there for their soup dumplings and appetizers like duck tongues (oh yes, they are delicious!) As someone who has eaten lots Shanghai food, I can say their food is pretty authentic, at least comparing to other chinese restaurants in philly. Their noodle and rice dishes are too sauce heavy for me, but it's rather a personal opinion.Service is not great, but what do you expect? its chinatown, under the scary tunnel looking place, and its damn cheap. Their xiao long bao overrides every negative things about this place. you come there to eat and bail. u'll then find ur zen.Ever since I went to Joe's Shanghai in manhattan years ago I've been looking for a place in philly that served soup dumplings/ juicy buns/shanghai buns whatever you want to call them. My search has ended. Pork and crab juicy buns are excellent. The marinated pork is also very good too. I just wish they had more buns to choose from. Thanks so much to the Philly yelpers for helping me find this place!!I had just gotten off the bus and stopped in here because it was close and I was hungry.  I really wasn't expecting much, but the food here is delicous and cheap!  I got the sauteed homemade noodles with pork.  The noodles were fantastic- they were light and fluffy and were seasoned in this flavorful brown sauce.  
I will definitely be back here to try the soup dumplings and their other dim sum items.Great low-key lunch place.  They have inexpensive & tasty rice dishes, and the scallion pancakes were thin and had lots of scallions.   The duck with homemade noodles was the highlight of our meal.  While the soup dumplings were good, they don't top Joe's Shanghai.  Don't be fooled,  it's not real dim sum!Read about this place in the news awhile back when they only had one gas burner or something like that. I finally got around to trying it with a friend two weeks ago and I was not disappointed.
We split an order of the Shanghai dumplings with pork and the pork and scallion pot stickers. It was enough to fill both of us up and we got out for about $10. 
Relatively simple menu but great prices and friendly service. There are a few different sauces at each table to dip in, a dumpling sauce, a chili sauce and a ginger sauce (if I'm remembering correctly). 
It's kind of hidden but I've taken the Chinatown bus so many times I don't know how I missed it, would've really come in handy for those times I would've liked a quick bite to eat before catching a ride to NYC. (It's near the Chinatown bus.)Spent an afternoon going from restaurant to restaurant in attempts to find some kind of replacement for Lakeside (RIP). You can almost miss this place, it's tucked away under a parking garage on a dark side street. The scallion pancake was good, the soup dumplings were great, they have some very nice sauces on the table that are also tasty. I would definitely suggest that if you are looking for Shanghai Dumplings (soup dumplings) that you stop in and try this place. We had good service and the prices were very reasonable.Don't let the sketchy underpass loiters and Chinatown bus crowd outside the restaurant deceive you!  This is one of the best and cheapest dim sum restaurants in Philadelphia.  The soup dumplings are some of the best in Philly.  If they don't have something you want on the menu, ask for it, because they'll make it from scratch.  The cashier and owners are from Beijing, so you'll get better service if you speak in northern Mandarin to them.Being a lover of Shanghainese food, I was dismayed for the longest time that there's no good Shanghainese restaurant in the city of Philadelphia, but that all changed 3 years ago when my friend brought me to this hole-in-the-wall in the dirty tunnel below the Hilton Hotel.
Sure, I was skeptic at first. If the Chinatown bus wasn't located right next door, I would avoid walking down this path, especially at night, even being a tall burly man that I am. And the restaurant looks like any cheap American Chinese food take out place, there's no interior decor to speak of, the tables seems to be burnt by cigarettes at one point or another and who wants to seat inside and smell the fumes and cigarette smokes of passer-bys?
All that aside, the food is pretty phenomenal. Unlike all the other Chinatown establishments that are still trying to perfect their soup dumplings (aka Xiao Long Bao), this place already have it all figured out. The wrappers are not too thin that it'll tear apart easily nor too thick that you get a whole mouth of dough, inside there's a fatty and meaty broth, I'm partial of the crab meat and pork one that gives it a milky taste but the pork one is also good by itself. A tiny sprinkle of red vinegar and you're in soup dumpling heaven and you don't need to jump on one of those New York buses parked right next door to get this experience.
The scallion pancakes here are lovely, Jose Garces' Chifa can come and take a page on how to make good scallion pancakes. Crispy, flaky, fragrant with scallions, again with a dash of vinegar to make the acid dance with the oiliness makes a tiny mouth of heaven. The Siu Mai here is not your normal kind that are stuffed with pork and shrimp, this kind is stuffed with sticky rice. I have to say I was a tiny bit disappointed since this place is advertised as Dim Sum Garden and I was hoping they would have more dim sum that I see regularly but I actually do like their Siu Mai as well. I have always been a fan of anything sticky rice, if they had named it Sticky Rice Siu Mai, I would have been a lot more content, but they tasted good.
There are cold appetizers like 5-spice beef or the bowl of duck tongues that can be good if you're in the mood for it. They also have hand shaved noodle soup or rice vermicelli soup that works for the hungrier ones. Try the pork and pickled vegetable rice vermicelli that is a favorite for a lot of people. But if you're not famished, stick with trying more dim sum type dishes. Next time I'm going back I will have to try the turnip cake and my oh so favorite red bean pancake.Skip the fried rice or "traditional Chinese" food.  Get the chive soup and dumplings.Love the duck tongue there! :D Also, do try the fried dumplings. They make it well!Came here with a friend who had just moved into the Chinatown area. We were craving some Dim Sum, and this place seemed to have garnered a lot of attention. I had been warned by other reviewers that the place was located in a somewhat sketchy spot, and boy were they right. I felt I was entering a troll's lair as I came up to the restaurant. Fortunately, the food more than makes up for the lack of decor.
My friend and I split an order of the famous xian long bao (soup dumplings), fried vegetable dumplings, and scallion pancakes. It was my first time trying soup dumplings, and, I won't lie, it was kind of a hot mess. I tried daintily poking at the top with chopsticks and sucking out the soup, but that was just not doing it for me. Next I tried placing the dumpling on the spoon, taking a big chomp out of it, and then sipping the soup dribble out of the spoon. Either way, I still ended up squirting soup everywhere. It was definitely worth the trouble though. So tasty!
The vegetable dumplings were so-so, nothing to write home about. The scallion pancakes were nicely flavored, but a little bit on the oily side for me. I also ended up ordering a glass of their homemade iced tea (I could actually see them making it in the kitchen), and I will say that was probably the best iced tea I've ever had. Super refreshing without being too sweet.LOVE this place .  Delicious food, extremely friendly and helpful service by all staff, always asking if you would like to try new things and recommend - and its' always wonderful!  Their soup dumplings, bok choy, scallion pancakes, soups, all are delicious, cheap and fast!  Nothing better for a cold dayTheir soup dumplings (xiao long bao) is amazing and a great deal! This is the best soup dumplings I have had. There is much more flavor in the broth and stuffing than Joe's Shanghai! We ordered the pork dumpling and the pork and crab dumpling.. both were wonderful!
We also ordered the pork and chives pan-fried dumplings and scallion pancakes.. great! Amazing flavors! The scallion pancakes are soo addicting because its so crispy and thin. 
Four delicious dishes for $18.45... What a deal! I'm definitely coming back here again!Pork, beef and shrimp dumplings all taste the same. They cut the fillings from a solid piece of three colored pre-prepared blob of processed meat. The soup in those juicy dumplings is rather salty. Can only eat four of those. Nothing special here. If anyone thinks this is awesome dim sum has not eaten in los Angeles or d.c.I had a pretty good dim sum experience here, although I didn't see fun rolls on the menu. The siu mai were different than anything I've had. It seemed more of a rice/pork mix inside of the same wrapper... similar to a sticky rice filling. 
They had some non normal dim sum items. We tried one of them, but I can't remember the name. It was a pasty taro cake, with a big emphasis on pasty. Very good. 
We had some pancakes that we didn't like. It seemed like an unsalted, greasy tortilla chip.Yes, the decor is reminiscent of a school cafeteria.  Yes, it is in the most non-scenic location in the city.  But, oh man, I've never eaten anything here that was less than really, really good. The soup dumplings are just about perfect.  I tend to get them with the scallion pancakes (delish) and/or the sesame cucumber salad (really nice cold counterpoint to the burn-you-tongue-hot soup dumplings.)  So, not a date-night place (unless your date is AWESOME) but some really, really good food.Yum yum dim sum. This place is beyond cheap, it's practically free! The service was warm and efficient and the dumplings were delicious. We ordered way too much food and yet still managed to get through it all as it was so tasty. $14 each including tip for full bellies? Yes please.Probably the most solicitous service I have had in a Chinese restaurant in a long time.  Not your typical Dim Sum experience but my lunch was beyond delicious!  The duck was amazingly tender and fatty and the soft, wide noodles were amazing.  The crab dumplings were tasty, steaming hot little delights.  What cannot be beat was the price!  3 of us ate for $21 - worth every penny - a great lunch place - particularly during a grueling conference :).I absolutely love this place. Yes, the decor is bare bones, and the location leaves quite a bit to be desired, but if you ever hoped that a restaurant would put aside its efforts in 'atmosphere' and overhead and just concentrate on the food, than this is it. 
I've been here about a dozen times, and I always start with the Shanghai dumplings. I'm a former chef, and still haven't the foggiest as to how they get the soup into these tiny dumplings. Pieces of heaven though. Their noodles are all hand made and perfect; I brought my brother here who's been to mainland china several times, and even he agrees the noodles are exquisite. 
Perhaps I have the advantage of being treated as a frequent customer, but their service is great. The same girl at the counter always greets me with a smile, and knows me well enough to not even give me a menu - she just gets me my dumplings and whatever is fresh that day. 
You can have a 5 dish dinner here and barely spend more than $20. For the quality of the food, this is a steal.
Having said all of this, let me add that they use MSG rather unapologetically. I'm alright with that; I don't encounter MSG in many other places, so I allow myself this occasional diversion from my eating norms.
Try it, you won't regret it.take it from someone who has grown up eating dim sum pretty frequently with family... this is the worst, dirtiest dim sum I have ever had.  there were obvious shrimp shells in my dumplings.  everything was greasy.  there is no ambiance and everything is served on plastic plates.  no carts of food.  the service is slow and unfriendly.  hipsters flock here.  do yourself a favor and pass on this one.  go to 11th and race at lunch time and grab some dim sum from joy tsin loa.  you won't regret it.Get the soup dumplings!  Pretty delicious.  When you are done getting soy sauce and soup all over the front of your face and shirt/blouse, dive right into the scallion pancakes.  Both of these dishes are the best things this restaurant offers.  Definitely go there for those two thingsMaybe it was the super duper rush.  Maybe it was the fact that they forgot our order of xiao long bao.  Maybe it was the fact that by "crab" topped they meant the smallest drop of crabmeat per dumpling.  Maybe it was the fact that the xiao long bao tasted like egg drop soup to me.
Can find a better steal more deep in chinatown.  Prices elevated likely secondary to proximity to chinatown bus depot.  Wouldn't necc rush to go to again.As much as it pains me to say it, my initial impression of Dim Sum may have been premature, a little influenced by the thrill of the chase. Like those guys that are obsessed with the girl until they get them, who once the primal chase is called off, find themselves disillusioned. After our first good experience at Dim Sum, my girlfriend and I returned with excitement. We knew what we were in for: good, inexpensive food, uncleaned tables, and a terse waitstaff. 
The Pork Juicy Buns, I must say, were just as delicious as the last time. But something had changed in the character of the place. Perhaps with all the positive reviews and the talk of Chef Jose Garces treating his family to Dim Sum made them complacent. They were out of the first 5 dishes we wanted (General Tso's, sesame, sweet & sour, etc etc). My girlfriend settled for some chicken and broccoli, that proved so fatty as to be almost inedible, and I ordered spring rolls along with the Pork Juicy Buns. After bringing our food, the waiter disappeared outside and never returned. We tried to pay but they said they'd bring the bill (another long wait ensued). Finally, after 15 minutes of empty time, we received our check, paid, and departed. 
Even though we knew to expect poor service and questionable food, our disappointment was beyond minor discomforts. For example, I love food but I'm not positive that the chicken and broccoli actually consisted of chicken. Why would they be out of every other chicken dish except that one? It didn't taste much like chicken and it certainly didn't look like it. 
I'm not saying Dim Sum doesn't have some excellent specialties. For a snack consisting of the Pork Juicy Buns, I might return. For a dinner, on the other hand, I'd sooner pay a little extra and order General Tso's from Empress Garden, the jewel of Chinatown.What happened to the Dim Sum Gardn I usd to know? 
Ate here about a year ago. The soup noodle was exquisite. But not this time. Had the Prok and Crab and an order of the scallion pancake.  Totally disappointed! The soup was bland nd the pancake a messy grease affair. 
Are there better days to eat here than others? This is a Sunday."Dinghy" is how I would describe the exterior of Dim Sum Garden.  Having walked by here quite a few times, I had always wondered how a place like this could operate and break even.  However, a friend who had come here said the dim sum was good and recommended it.  That was a shocker, so I definitely had to try it out myself.
We arrived noon-ish on a windy Sunday.  It was packed.  The establishment itself is relatively small, and oddly enough, it appeared to be quite family friendly.  First, the food.  We had the Shanghai Siu Mai, Fried Soup Pork Buns, and Crabmeat + Pork Buns.  
The Shanghai Siu Mai looked a little bit weird and tasted a little bit weird as it was mostly rice.  The Crabmeat + Pork Buns were yummy.  Despite being Asian, I've never had "Shanghai" style - where they're filled with broth and you make a small hole in the "bun," suck out the broth, then eat the rest.  I learned something new!  The same went for the Fried Soup Pork Buns as the name suggests.
Overall, food was good, but I would say it's comparable to other good dim sum places in Philly.  We actually didn't find this place that cheap relative to other dim sum joints.  For those three dishes, it was about $20 bucks with tip - that's quite steep for a dim sum dive.  
Maybe it's priced higher because service is so great here?  No.  Our waiter was inpatient and walked by and dropped off our plates without even looking at us or telling us what dish he landed on our table.Here's another place that I wasn't sure about when passing by. The place is next to the bus terminal and it's pretty much a hole in the wall. Alright, let's go in...
Had to order Xiao Long Bao or soup dumpling because it was recommended. The skin/wrap of the dumpling was really nice. It wasn't too thin or thick. The juice or soup of the dumpling was a little too sweet for me. The dumpling is much better than Joe's Shanghai from NYC. The dumplings here were fresh. I saw them making it.
This place has an AWESOME scallion pancakes. I like it how it's thin and crispy. I get turned off by doughy pancakes. The sauce that goes with it is really good too. It has a taste of sweetness.
Pickled cabbage with pork noodle soup was a disaster. The noodles were overcooked. There was not much of a taste with the dish.Mentally, my image of dim sum is a big dining hall with servers pushing around carts of small dishes from which you can choose whichever plates of food look appetizing. So entering Dim Sum Garden, I was almost unsure whether I had walked into the right restaurant.
I took a seat with my friends, and we ordered an array of dishes, they being more knowledgeable about the nuances of dim sum, I simply sat back and waited for the dim sum nom noms to arrive :)
The food took a few minutes to come out, so I could tell that it was freshly prepared. And I would be reminded that it came straight out of the steamer: I put an entire soup dumpling in my mouth and with the first bite immediately scalded my entire mouth! There was no cold water to temper the boiling liquid in my mouth, only hot tea. So after that experience, my taste buds were toast and I couldn't taste anything else in the meal. We asked for cold water, but the server didn't give us any. I did feel woozy afterwards, so I'm pretty sure I did ingest some MSG.
The shu mai is a different style than what you may be used to - it's Shanghai shu mai, so it's filled with rice and larger than the small but juicy pork dumplings you may be used to.I used to pass by this place all the time on my way to work..from the outside it looks seedy, with sketchy people standing around, but inside..those soup dumplings..oh em geeee!
I have been looking everywhere for some authentic soup dumplings, and I sure am glad I decided to stop in and try them here! They are CHEAP! and DELICIOUS!
Ignore the exterior, and interior of the restaurant for that matter! Just go in and give them a try, and you won't be sorry!The last time I had soup dumplings, I was probably about 8. But, I remember them being amazing. Maybe it was because I had them at Joe's Shanghai in NYC, but still, amazing. 
I got the pork and crabmeat soup dumplings for lunch today from Dim Sum Garden after hearing great things. I was sorely, sorely disappointed. 
The only crabmeat I spotted was a tiny bit on the top of the dumpling. I don't know if this is standard in soup dumplings, but it wasn't really...soup. The soup was more like the fat that rises to the top of soup. It was pretty viscous, and kind of gross. If this is how soup dumplings usually are, then we can just write this off as me not liking them. 
The steamed shrimp dumplings were okay. They were kind of mushy.
I'll just stick with Ocean Harbor. Sorry.Location appears sketchy, located at the periphery of Chinatown.  Decor is typically spartan.
Had their soup dumplings (it doesn't say "soup dumplings" on the menu so just ask and they'll point them out to you).  Nice amount of umami and before you know it, you're popping them in bon bons.
Also had the spiced beef noodle (dry).  Not spicy at all but still very tasty.
When back in Philly, I'll be sure to come back.Hi i'm emmett i'm 9.The dumplings rule! They have really good scallion pancakes. my brother liked it a lot and he's only 5! The best is the dumplings but they also have "chicken on stick" i really don't no why its called that. I'm ethan and i'm 5 and i like all the food except the scallion pancake.This place is located under an overpass a block away from the Chinatown sign. My friend and I were a little hesitant to walk in since it looked desolate, more like a cafeteria than a dim sum place. However, we did step in and tried the Xiao long bao and the scallion pancake, which both was really good. The service was pretty lacking tho. The man or lady (we couldn't tell which the server was) was not friendly and had a grim face on, but besides from the location and the service, come and try the food.I've been here dozens of times. It's one of those hole in the wall places. I was very weary of eating here the first time, but so glad I did! Because it's awesome. Best soup dumplings you can get in Philly.  The staff are always great and it's inexpensive too!I was highly skeptical of this place when my friends chose it. For starters, the restaurant location is a tad sketchy - situated under a darkly lit overpass of sorts - and the interior... the owners didn't even try. 
But the food... oh the food! Dim Sum Garden isn't really a dim sum garden. It's more like a Shanghai dumpling house. A frickin' good one at that! A total surprise. The juicy pork soup dumplings were excellent (our group of five downed three servings!), the shumai were strange in a the best of ways (stuffed with more sticky rice than pork, but super delicious), the scallion pancakes were perfectly crispy, and the all house sauces (the dumpling sauce, ginger sauce, and hot sauce) were PERFECTION. 
All this said, never judge a book by its cover! The decor here may be shitty, but the food is frickin' lovely.Flew into Philly on the 4th of July and couldn't get my usual post flight meal at Tony Luke's (closed for the holiday). I searched for "pork" near city hall ( I've heard of a rival pork sandwich place in the Reading Terminal Market and thought that this would be a good opportunity to give it a try...also closed for the the holiday!? A major tourist destination and it's closed on one one of the busiest tourist days in Philly...and they say we west coasters are "laid back") and this name popped up.  You don't usually think of flying from SF to Philly for  dim sum, but  SF isn't really very strong in the XLB department. So I wanted to give it a try. Not a mistake. The place isn't as pretty as say Din Tai Fung in Arcadia, but I think the food is as good, cheap, and the people working there are are super nice. Had kind of a weird mix of things because it was super hot (well, coming from SF 90 degrees feels like the "end of days", or what ever ...dang what was that thing that those wackos expected to happen a couple of months ago...the recycling? the r- something, sorry I have a hard time keeping up with all the wacky shit the snake fondlers dream up). But to get back on track it was all really good, cheap, divey, and I was super happy with the place, thus the 5 stars. Oh, and please excuse the abuse of the word "super".I loved their soup dumplings and scallion pancake! The fact that their dumpling dipping sauce is amazing is a major plus!As other Yelpers have mentioned, this place does not offer a wide range of dim sum as its name "Dim Sum Garden" implies, but it surely didn't disappoint.
What we ordered:
- Xiao Long Bao (Shanghai Crabmeat & Pork Juicy Buns), $5.75
- Har Gow (Shrimp Dumplings), $5.75
- (Fried) Turnip Cake, $5ish
- Shanghai Siu Mai, $5.75
- Chili Cabbage Shredded Pork Soup, $1.50
- Shanghai Wonton Noodle*, $5.75
- Zha Jiang Mian (Minced Pork Noodle), $5.75
Xiao long bao was good, as was the zha jiang mian.  The xiao long bao's juice was absolutely delicious and zha jiang mian is my new favorite by far!  Har gow, fried turnip cake, and chili cabbage shredded pork soup didn't live up to my expectations, however.  Har gow was a bit fishy (probably an off-day), turnip cake had a fried pastry casing (which we didn't mind, but it was different from what we had before), and chili cabbage shredded pork soup was actually preserved vegetable shredded pork soup (which is fine, but I was expecting literally spicy cabbage because of the "chili" in the name).  The Shanghai siu mai was a complete surprise because of the sticky rice filling.  It wasn't bad, by any means, but we thought we ordered the normal shrimp & pork siu mai.  
*Cousin had the Shanghai wonton noodle, which didn't look that appetizing to me, but consisted of the same handmade noodles in the zha jiang mian.  
On another note, the dumpling sauce combined with the chili oil here is phenomenal.  I love a good dumping sauce.  Just be careful of the stickiness around the bottle from previous uses.
With that said, I'll be back soon for the xiao long bao and zha jiang mian.  Getting hungry just thinking about it!Do yourself a flavor and come here for the soup dumplings.  Not the crab ones, just the plain jane xiao long bao.  And that's it.  I repeat: order one xiao long bao, eat, and bid your adieu.  You have no other reason to stay. Unless you're waiting for the Chinatown bus.Based on two visits. Friendly service, good soup dumplings (great soup inside, mine were a little drier on top than one might want), and cheap. The location sucks unless you're waiting for a Chinatown bus, and there are flies. If I walk by some time, I'll stop by to try some of the other dumplingy things.Ever since Ian and I tried soup dumplings for the first time in Singapore, we've seeked these delicious things everywhere we go. We found a fantastic place in San Fran and it is our mission to find a place in Philly. 
I had heard that Dim Sum garden was the place to go for xiao long bao and for the most part I was satisfied. I'm not sure if they make the wrapping homemade but it was a little thicker than the traditional ones that I've had. Despite the thicker wrapping, I enjoyed the flavors of the dumpling and will definitely visit the place again. The staff was incredibly nice, helpful, and quick to serve us our food. 
I will continue to search for yummy xiao long bao, but this place will satisfy me for now.3.5 stars. Decent XLB for Philly but if you've had them anywhere else, these are somewhat disappointing. There wasn't much soup inside and it was a little bland. I also like them with the slivers of julienned ginger this place didn't provide. The pan fried dumplings are cooked better and you can get them in a variety of fillings. The scalion pancakes were golden brown, crispy and tasted pretty good.
Chicken and broccoli over rice is better at panda express. The chicken was oddly flavored. Seafood chow mein was better. It came with mussles, shrimp, fish cakes and the noodles were nicely soft, thick and chewy.This is my first review ever but I have to share so others know that we (my 5 year old daughter) found a live worm, it was not even dead, in the Xiao long bao or Shanghai dumpling.  After that we lost our appetite but did not make a scene and tried to eat the other items we had ordered.  The waitress took the dish with the live worm away with a sorry and that was it - like it happens often.  So when we got our bill they didn't charge us for the order with the worm but I felt we should get at least a discount or a dish for free or really the entire meal for free.  So when I went up to the counter to pay I requested for ONE dish free and got excuses.  She said that the worm was live so it must have come from the table because it would have died during the cooking process.  After trying to explain that we lost our appetite after we saw the worm she had the nerve to say that we weren't going to come back anyway so I guess in other words we should pay for the meal.  I ended up paying for the meal since it didn't seem worth arguing anymore.   I'm more upset at the customer service than the worm.Alright, I suppose I am a "reverse" food-snob.  Having tried 200 high and low priced restaurants in Philadelphia, I am only willing to eat the best FOOD but refused to overpay for second best FOOD even if it has the best environment or service (Lacroix, anyone?)  So this funky Chinese/Shanghainese spot, along with Bibou, the French BYOB, are my two absolute favorite spots in Philadelphia.
I work in the building that houses JG Domestic, and also the corporate offices for Garces Restaurant Group.  I first learned about Dim Sum Garden as I heard "Iron Chef" Jose Garces likes to go to this place after his dinner services.
Now having run through the entire menu more than once, these are my favorites: soup dumpling of course, scallion pancake, and marinated slice pork; but I have never had a bad dish, even when I tried their fried chicken just out of curiosity.  Having had 100 meals in this single restaurant, and not a single bad one, just highlights their extreme consistency.
Some folks have dinged them for their service, well I do admit that Sally (the daughter of the mother/daughter team) is quite a character.  I have always received courteous service and never had issues.  In their high turn-over environment, with everything hand prepared freshly on the spot, everyone standing none-stop 12 hours a day, 7 days a week; I think I'd excuse any minor service hiccup.  I mean come on, do you want the best FOOD or do you really need kid-gloves?Wow!  What a great meal.  The Dim Sum was unique and tasty.  Ordered the pork and crab soup dumpling, Shu Mai, Har Gao, Smoked Fish, Bok Choi and roasted duck.  I wasn't successful in not making a mess with the soup dumpling, but it was so worth it in my mouth.  It tasted like a wonton soup wrapped up in a dumpling.  The Shu Mai normal ground pork filling was mixed with sticky rice - good creation.  The Bok Choi and Fish was exceptional as well.  The only dish that did not feel up to par was the the duck, only because it was normal.  The server girl was very helpful and attentive.
Will definitely recommend to others.The older couple at the table next to me said it best "the foods really good here and the hipsters haven't taken over yet".  I came here with the sole intent of finding delicious soup dumplings in Philadelphia and boy oh boy did I find them.  They were EVERY bit as good as the ones I'm used to in NYC.  Glad I found this place on yelp and I'm glad it'll save me China Town Bus rides to NYC for my soup dumpling fix.  Don't let this places location scare you away, like Aladdin it's a "diamond in the ruff"Keeping it short:
-If you're craving soup dumplings, Dim Sum Garden is worth a try. The skin is thin, the soup isn't thick and heavy so you don't feel like you're drinking ounces of gelatinized pork fat (even tho you are). 
-Scallion pancake is tasty here.
-Noodle dishes... if you like your noodles soggy and gummy (translation: gross). 
-Pan fried pork... not  reminiscent of anything fried or pork unless you count the oil.
-smoked fish is a cold dish drenched in soy sauce and sugar.
- The owners/waitress' were really nice and tried to be helpful. 
- If you're in need of watching bad chinese variety shows. This is the place!!
-Looked around and seemed like fried/boiled dumplings were a huge hit there... 
 I'll defiantly go back but just for the soup dumplings, the other dishes do not look appetizing. Try them at your own risk!For someone who's lived in Asia most of my life, this place def did not live up to its yelp reviews.  The soup dumplings were juicy but were greasy and salty.  You can definitely feel the MSG rolling off your tongue.  Their pork and chive dumplings were decent but nothing to scream about.  The scallion pancake is thin and crispy on the outside and chewy on the inside and comes with a decent tangy sauce. 
Overall,  Good location and inexpensive.  You can get 8 soup dumplings for 5.25. However if you want better, more authentic soup dumplings, head a few blocks down to Sakura Mandarin!I have seriously walked past this place at least 100 times and never gave it a second look - truly my oversight! This is a clear example of 'don't judge a book by it's cover' or 'it's what's on the inside that counts'.
Dim Sum Garden is located on North 11th Street right next to Reading Terminal Market within the 'tunnel' where the bus station is located. The location is less than ideal with all of the noise and exhaust from the buses - but if Anthony Bourdain has taught me anything, it's to expect wonderful things in the oddest of places!
Soup Dumplings. #1 and #2 on the menu...also called Juicy Buns...are a must-try! Filled with a light ginger-laced broth and pork filling (similar to what you get in typical pork dumplings) and served with a dark ginger sauce - these little pouches will have your eyes rolling back in your head!
We had also ordered the fried pork dumplings - delicious and perfect as well!
DSG also offers several rice and noodle entrees. The noodle entrees can either be served dry or as soup. Dry is a bit misleading as the noodles are actually served with a sweet and earthy brown sauce and choice of meat. The sauce has hints of Chinese five spice and garlic. I had ordered the Crispy Duck Noodle. The duck was fried and served with a glaze similar to the sauce on the noodles. The entrees are served with sauteed bok choy and pickled vegetables. 
We enjoyed our dinner so much, we came back the next day for lunch! I think my next trip will be a meal consisting only of dumplings!
DSG needs to make a t-shirt that says, "Juicy Buns"!The very first time yelp has disappointed me...
I hate to have to make this review but the other reviews are completely misleading. First off, their dumplings were the worst dumplings I ever had. The frozen ones from Costco are 10 times better than theirs. Their appearance speaks volume on their quality of food but I ignored it because of the 4 stars it had on here compared to the other dim sum places yelp listed. The only thing they had going for them was their prices, super cheap but I wonder why?! I left there still hungry because I couldn't eat anymore. My daughter was even feeling sick to her stomach. 
I do not recommend this place. Its not the usual dim sum where they roll carts to each table. You have to pick and chose from a menu which seemed to only really have an assortment of dumplings. Services was poor and ridiculous. Our server showed no patience whatsoever. We ended up giving our 3 bag full of leftovers to some homeless people.Went here with a group of 8 on Chinese new year's eve.  It's not the traditional brunch dim sum that you get from the carts, but there are lots of dumpling options, and an assortment of Chinese food type dishes.  Everything I tried was good.  I went with the pork and noodles hoping it would be like dan dan noodles, and after adding some spice, it was in the same family, but not exactly the same thing.  All of the dumplings were tasty, and I loved the scallion pancakes.  Price was about 15 a person which I would consider a pretty cheap dinner.In the dead of winter, I wanted soup dumplings, and yelp led me to them, at Dim Sum Garden. It is to yelp I return to sing their praises. 
A soup dumpling is exactly what it sounds like: it's a fresh dumpling with soup and a nugget of dumpling filling, usually pork or seafood or some combo of the two, inside. It's dumpling soup turned inside out. 
On a blustery, cold day, it is heaven. 
Go to Dim Sum Garden - as far as I know they make the only soup dumplings in Philadelphia. Ignore the total lack of atmosphere and the dingy floors. Pay no attention to the eau de bus emanating from the idling Chinatown bus just outside. Order the #2 Steamed Buns w/ Pork & Crab Meat ($5.75). There will be a longish pause, and then a tray of eight soup dumplings will appear. 
Have both chopsticks and spoon at the ready. Use the chopsticks to gently, carefully lift a dumpling. The hot dough will stick to the dumpling beside it; the chopstick points will threaten to tear the thin membrane. Do not let this happen. Settle the intact dumpling on the spoon. Delicately nip off the top of the dumpling and at the same time slurp out some soup. It is hot and very rich. 
There is a covered blue and white cup on the table labelled vinegar. Drip a little of this dark vinegar into the dumpling. Its acid will cut and complement the rich broth. Eat the dumpling in two or three more bites. Repeat. 
I had assumed soup dumplings were an eat at the restaurant kind of food, but tonight I couldn't quite bear the lousy atmosphere, so I performed the to-go experiment. I also ordered scallion pancakes ($2.50) and Beef Brisket Noodle ($5.50). All made it home intact and quite tasty. The pancakes were acceptable, if nothing to write home about. The Beef Brisket Noodle was almost fantastic. I swear the noodles were fresh, and the brisket was tender and deeply flavorful. But the brown sauce, while yummy, was far too salty. I still ate it, of course, but the salt flavor lingers in my mouth.Pretty good dim sum place. Definitely recommend the chicken on a stick, scallion pancakes and the juicy buns (xiao long bao). The siumai and the hot and sour soup were ok. Inexpensive as wellThink of Dim Sum Garden as street food with a ceiling, and your expectations will be right on par with what you get.
Great introduction to Shanghainese Dim Sum- you'll find that some of your favorites (turnip cakes, shao mai) are completely different than the regular dim sum you may have been looking for. Both steamed and fried versions of dumplings and buns are delicious. Don't choose one or the other. Order both, and while you wait for your order, admire the strangely labeled sauces on the table. And don't forget the Xiaolongbao! Definitely don't miss out on that.
The server said the noodles are made in-house, and they definitely have that handmade, chewy texture. Recommend the pork with sauce noodle (I think that's the right name).
Fast service (when there are two servers). Go with a group so you can eat a ton of different dishes.I'm allergic to gluten so I can't eat the dumplings, which they are known for. So I always get the minced pork noodle (dry with rice noodle) and it is absolutely delicious!!!!no cart, but that's ok!
i've been here at least a dozen times and will definitely continue coming back.
the service is somewhat inconsistent, especially for such a small place - it's hit or miss whether or not the tea is refilled quickly or the check is delivered at the end of the meal (i usually just go up to the counter to get it) but i can overlook those things since it is really cheap (and in those cases i just tip 15%, whereas i usually tip 20%).  whatever
as for the food - my girlfriend and i have never ordered any of the proper entrees/noodle dishes, rather we usually order steamed juicy buns - yummmm (only once were they not amazing since they were served on the cold side), some assorted steamed and pan-fried dumplings (good) and other random stuff including shumai (sometimes the wrapper is a little too thick), scallion pancakes (ok), triple steamed bun (not great/too bready for me), seaweed salad (ok, but once we received it and it was still a little frozen) and either hot and sour soup (once too gelatinous but other times delicious) or the chili cabbage soup (not bad for $1.50!).
long story short - a little inconsistent, but they're cheap and the food is pretty good.Get the soup dumplings and the scallion pancakes. You will seriously not regret it! I've never had soup dumplings before and WOW were they delicious. The pork and soup filling is only made better by the different sauces that send them over the top. This place doesn't scream classy when you're walking up to it, but the service was friendly and helpful when we didn't know what to order. The two of us split pork soup dumplings, scallion pancakes, and a type of chicken potstickers all for under $15 (and they did prefer we used cash with a bill that small, so be prepared) and it was enough food that we could barely finish it all. I felt a little self conscious going in and not knowing what to expect, but there are all types of people in there (tourists too) so you don't have to worry about looking out of place. I live in the Midwest, and I dream about these dumplings.has the feel of an expanded take-out restaurant.  Although they don't offer the full variety of dim sum that is available at traditional large restaurants, they do have a good variety.  Their steamed pork juicy buns are made fresh and are perfectly cooked.  Scallion pancake is crisp and not doughy at all.  Food is also very cheap!I've been to Dim Sum restaurants in San Francisco and NY's Chinatown and have to say thanks to my fellow Yelper "Veronica X" for turning me on to this place.  The food is excellent and I did try the Xioa Long Bao and really enjoyed these little soup dumplings.  The server had to do some hands on training otherwise we'd be wearing much of it but they were very tasty!  The Chinese broccoli was excellent.  I believe they prepare it in a garlic miso sauce.  Also recommend the scallion pancakes. I'll be back!5 stars for hole in the wall Shanghai style soup dumplings
The steamed soup dumplings are heaven in a steamed basket!  The service was quite friendly.  The siu mai was fresh and had great flavor and textures.  The chive and pork dumplings were right on the money and pan fried to perfection.  They also had a new menu item of pan fried soup dumpling with black sesame seeds on top.  This was a party in your mouth.
There are 3 sauces at the table which mixed together are sublime on all the dumplings.  The vinegar is perfect on the soup dumplings.  
If you've never had soup dumplings remember to eat them while they're hot and put it on the soup spoon and add your favorite sauce on top.  Eat it one bite and make sure you don't burn yourself. 
As for the roast duck over rice.... reminded me of eating in Hong Kong at night time with some greens on the side a little roast duck nicely seasoned with 5 spice powder on the bottom which gets into the white rice that the duck sits on.  
This place lacks atmosphere and may be considered a hole in the wall by some.  I call it a hidden gem and can't wait to go back.  
The prices at this restaurant are very reasonable and it's BYOB.As others have stated, this place doesn't replace Lakeside Deli (tears), but it is delicious in its own special, meat-filled way. 
My friends and I ordered a couple of dishes and shared them - trying to replicate that dim sum feeling. Traditional pan-fried pork dumplings were perfectly cooked, with nicely flavored juicy pork bursting out. The plain sounding cucumbers were marinated in something mysterious and delicious! Get them (you'll also feel ordering a vegetable will negate all the other unhealthy greasy doughy stuff). 
The scallion pancakes were more-or-less what you're used to but a bit more fresh tasting and not too mealy or doughy like some I've had. Grease City though. 
There were some kind of sticky rice shumai we ordered which were okay, not my favorite though. 
My favorite, not shockingly, were the soup dumplings. I like any food that requires thought. How do I get the soup out of the dumpling? How do I not burn my tongue with scalding broth? How the heck do they get the liquid in the dumpling, anyway? The broth was so tasty! You bite a little hole in the dumpling and then slurp out  the broth. Yeah, you might not want to come here on a date - it's not a cute look. Delicioso. 
Best part - four people stuffed their pieholes for a grand total of 23 bucks. How the heck can you beat that?Great, tasty, inexpensive, and authentic dim sum.  The interior is nothing special at all, but maybe that's become part of its appeal.  It isn't trying to focus on fancy service, just delicious dishes (and, admittedly, quick service).I went to this restaurant because of all of the great reviews. I ordered chicken with broccoli over rice. I figured that I'd start with a basic meal. How bad could it be? Well I ordered wrong. The chicken was drenched in this smelly brown sauce that completely masked the taste of the chicken. I could have been eating gator or pork for all I know. On the upside, the rice was excellent and the broccoli was quite fresh.When taking the bus to NYC, I always came by this place and wanted to try it. I am a gigantic dumpling fan, they may be my favorite food, anyways, I stopped in here on my way home to pick up some dumplings to go. I ordered the pork "soup" dumplings. Wow, they were good. Although I only had one dish, it was five stars! I would absolutely go back and try every other kind of dumpling.The soup dumplings ( AKA the juicy pork dumplings) are amazing.  Hot pork soup inside the dumpling.  Be careful eating them, that you don't burn yourself.  My favorite thing to do is wait until they are just cool enough and pop the whole thing into my mouth (with a little spicy oil).  When you bite it that way, its like a giant savory Gusher.  
The Chinese broccoli is my favorite vegetable served here.  It is absolutely PACKED with garlic. 
Great dim sum, the napa and pork dumplings are also really good, tasty steamed bok choy, pretty good noodles.  Also, try the the duck fried rice, and the steamed vegetable dumplings.  
The food comes out quickly.  Not much of a decor.  In the winter you'll get a cold draft every time someone comes in.  Very cheap food, you could order more food than you can eat for under $10.
If you are planning on using a credit card you must spend more than $15.Awesome dumpling joint! We were staying at the Hilton Garden Inn, conveniently across the the street from Dim Sum Garden, and were looking for a late light dinner before turning in without resorting to room service. I read the reviews on here for the soup dumplings and thought I'd try them, very happy I did! No, the place is not fancy or in a great location but the food is yummy. Husband was not too fond of the General Tso's chicken because he found some cartilage in it (he prefers it made with white meat) but I thought it was tasty. The scallion pancakes were yummy, loved the shrimp dumplings and yes, the soup dumplings were really good. Husband ordered one of the cantaloupe smoothies and it was a hit. Cheap too, we ate well for about $20.To be honest, I'm (more than) a little baffled by the ratings for this place. Normally Yelp doesn't steer me wrong, but this time, I was sorely disappointed.
My mother was in town for the Flower Show, and because she lives in an area where she can't get dim sum, we decided to come here. Maybe I've been spoiled by so many of the great restaurants in Chinatowns around the country, and perhaps I should admit that I can't stand Americanized Chinese food, but our meal here was pretty terrible.
Everything we had - some sort of dumpling, scallion pancakes, and sauteed bok choy - was tremendously greasy. The bok choy came out drenched in a puddle of oil. I ended up with grease stains on my hoodie from whatever it was that came out of the dumpling. We had wanted shrimp dumplings, but they were out of them.
My father is on a severely restricted diet, and this was my mother's chance to eat a good meal of food she can't have on his diet, and I feel guilty that, out of all of the fantastic places in Philly and in Philly's Chinatown, this was what she got. Womp womp.The food was delicious, but unfortunately the service was really bad. The staff here was completely unorganized.  For a restaurant that size there should be more than one person taking orders and seating the guests.  Because of this the waitress to our table completely forgot about our order and continued to service people after us. The first thing we ordered was their well known soup dumplings. Before even getting our dumplings other tables were being served theirs. Tables that definitely came in after we did. The staff was so lost at one point we can over hear other tables complaining that they got the wrong order. 
Tips to help them: Serve your current customers before trying to multitask with seating new ones.  The manager needs to help organize the waitress so that the right orders go to the right tables in a timely manner. If the manager can't do this hire a hostess so that it's one less task for the waiter/waitress to handle. Know your own menu. If there's something on the menu that's no longer available, tell the customer that.We ended up here because the Hilton Inn was right across the street. My bf ordered Shu Mai but it wasn't what he expected. I think he said it was Cantonese style not Mandarin or vice versa. I wish we tried other things but I was pretty full and he just wanted something small. There aren't really enough tables in this tiny place. Overall, it was ok cleanThe only place I've eaten at in Philadelphia that has good xiao long bao, or makes it for that matter.  Every time I come here, its good and its consistent.  Service is fast and everything always tastes fresh, not frozen.  Pretty much a hole in the wall in a delightful location (sarcasm) but they do their job well at delivering good  food to many patrons a day.  
Usually order the same thing every time with variation from here and there.
Xiao long bao with pork, or crab meat and pork - soupy and delicious
Pan fried juicy pork buns - meaty and crispy
Scallion pancake - crunchy and addicting
Pan fried chive and pork dumplings - crispy outside and moist filling
Shanghai wonton soup - flavorful broth with seaweed and tender wontons
Never had a disappointing meal here and love either the vinegar or dumpling sauce mixed  with red chili oil.  Although the outside looks sketchy and like a corner store Chinese take out  restaurant, it is definitely worth it.Great food even though the restaurant looks sketchy o the outsideNot exactly my ideal of a dim sum restaurant, this was never the less a perfect place to stop and get lunch.  While our initial waitress obviously was still in training and working on her English, she was supported by a number of friendly, helpful coworkers who seemed genuinely concerned about our experience.  The wonton soup was perfect for a nursing a hangover.  The crab dumplings strangely liquidy and very hot...a bit challenging to eat.  Best of all was the price.  Very affordable and tasty.My favorite spot for dim sum. There is not cart service, which I think must be a problem from some folks. But I enjoyed my options, and liked seeing a menu and ordering that way, too. It's unsuspecting, since it's in the bus tunnel-actually think that's a plus in some ways. I'll update the review with recommendations next time I'm there.An absolute must for anyone coming or going on the China town bus.  While the depot is directly next door, a trip here will make certainly put a smile on even the most frustrated of travelers.  
My boyfriend and I split the Soup dumplings and the braised beef noodles it was more than enough for the both of us and all together cost $12.  Can you believe that! Yeah me either!  
True the place does look like a typical corner Chinese food store, but I promise you once you get over the initial shock, this place will become one of your go to stops for quick, cheap and delicious food in the city.What I really like is that the entrance to this is in a tunnel.  It makes you feel like you are privy to some secret, and are entering the bat cave.  Really simple location, read "not very glamorous".  The soup dumplings are great.  (Side note, I always burn the crap out of my tongue and can't taste them, so I might be off on the taste).  What I like is quick in, quick out no fuss all for a similar price to fast food.  That alone makes it shine.I love me some dim sum!! Especially ones with soup inside at really cheap prices. The place is conveniently located in front of where the big buses from NY-DC stop at so you can quickly get in for a good meal.
+ cheap prices
+ soup dumplings (crab or just pork) DELICIOUS
+ pan fried dumplings are delicious 
+ sauce is delicious 
+ authentic presentation
++ everything delicious!!  
- only one bathroom
- small place
Wish northern VA had a place like this... every time we go to Philly, this place is a must go to and we tell all our friends too (they haven't been disappointed).I'm sorry to rain on this Yelp parade, but this one disappointed me enough to pull up the Yelp account after a bit of a hiatus. Not that I should be listening to Craig Laban, who rarely sides with my palate, but after another endorsement from a food reviewer friend I had to check this place out. 
I can live with the shabby setting, and can even look past the steel wool carelessly tossed into a corner to keep away the bus terminal critters. But I was really expecting some killer street food. It lived up to the cheap part, but that's about it. 
As someone who doesn't eat beef or pork, it shouldn't be terribly hard to find something on a dim sum menu considering that I'll eat chicken, seafood, and just about everything else. But this wasn't really dim sum after all. No carts stacked with yummy round things - just a menu which reads reads like a swine slaughterhouse. I asked the waitress if there was anything on the menu without pork and she pointed to the beef. So much for the soup dumplings I'd heard so much about, but my husband was able to try them and said they were pretty good. 
I ordered some vegetable buns which were pretty good with the sweet dumpling sauce on the table. But things quickly went downhill with a bowl of soup the consistency and color of phlegm. And , no, not egg drop soup where that is expected. This was some sort of indescribable goo dotted with raisins. It was just like the dish the mother served in "Better Off Dead "which slid off the plate. 
The noodle dished came out smelling strongly, and not in a good way. Fortunately they didn't taste quite as bad, but that isn't saying very much. I liked the consistency of the homemade noodles, but the chicken was clearly that ubur-cheap stock, cut haphazardly with no concern for bone, fat, or otherwise. In fact, when it came out I was pretty sure they had mistakenly given me beef. But it was chicken after all, akin to the mall-food-court-grade chicken-on-a-stick but minus the deliciously sweet secret food court sauce. 
So maybe there is more there for the pork eaters who can savor those illustrious soup dumplings. But for me, and my notoriously not-picky partner, the only time that terminal will see me is on the next Chinatown bus to New York.This is not your typical push the cart dim sum place. Poor Philly for rating this place an overall 4 star, when it's a big disappointment. 
However, the soup dumplings was a pleasant surprise.Some of the best dim sum I've had. All the dumplings are superb. The fried tofu over rice is magic.Came here right before I went back to NYC. It's a cozy spot near a shady bus station. We went around 11 am and the place was empty. The waitress lady was very nice. We ordered pork soup dumplings, crab and pork soup dumplings, pork and chive pan dumplings, and shrimp dumplings. Everything tasted great. But I found shrimp dumplings a little bit on the salty side. Reasonable prices as well. Would return again to try more of their dishes.Looks super shady and like you might get food poisoning from eating there, but their food is delicious, and to date, I've been there probably 7 times and never had any problems (or had anyone that I've been with have any problems). The standout items there are the steamed juicy buns (very authentic) and the pan fried juicy buns (pockets of deliciousness).I've been wanting to try this place for a while now and I'm so glad I did. Don't be fooled by the outside appearance this place is the real deal for Dim Sum. I also got the scallion cakes which were heaven! The dim sum is amazing and the pork they use is fresh. You can watch the two ladies make everything from scratch in the open kitchen area. The food is good, flavorful, and very fresh. The service was good too. The dishes are large enough to share for two. I can't wait to go back. 
This place does take credit card but its a $20 minimum.Their soup dumplings and scallion pancake aren't extraordinary. You can probably find better/comparable in NYC, but seeing as it's the only place I've found in Philadelphia that serves them, that in itself deserves five stars. Important tips to remember when you eat soup dumplings: 1. Wait a few mins for them to cool unless you want to burn your tongue; 2. Put the whole thing in your mouth so it won't squirt all over the place (that's what he said?) You will, of course, be avoiding all the mistakes that I made on my first trip there.
Dim Sum Garden's potential to flourish as a restaurant is stifled by its unfortunate location. Within the hour that we were there for lunch, there are three unpleasant encounters. First, a homeless man came in to solicit change from each table. Next, another person (who presumably just got off a bus), against the will of the staff, entered to borrow their restroom without making a purchase, which caused a semi-obnoxious commotion. Then, a woman asked to sit at one of their tables to eat the food she bought from outside. I can't help but think that people just bully Dim Sum Garden because they know they can get away with it. Since Reading Terminal is around the corner, people could easily go there for all three aforementioned tasks (panhandling, use of restroom, a free place to sit), but they didn't. For their own sake, I hope Dim Sum Garden either relocates or hires a security officer.Even though the food is good, one thing that this place needs to learn is to not rush customers when they are eating.  Even though it was towards the end of the night, it's no excuse to do so.  I understand the notion of getting ready to close up shop, but closing time wasn't even close.
We had two xiao long bao pieces left in the container and the waitress, who had the most expressionless face, came over and lifted it up and asked if we were finished.  We said no.  She left and came back 5 minutes later and did the same thing, we said no again.  So then she asked with one hand on the dumpling sauce dispenser, "Oh, can I take the sauces away first?"  Seriously, how DARE she try to take away the dumpling sauces before we finished the dumplings?!? It was just plain rude!  Someone needs to tell that girl that tips are earned!
It's stuff like that that turns an otherwise good dining experience into a mediocre one.  
Don't ever touch a man's sauce until the food's gone!Best xiao long bao I've had outside of Shanghai! These people really get it right with the dimsum. Also tried the shumai and "sheng jian bao" which were also on point. The surrounding area seems to be a slight bit ghetto but was worth the trip. Would definitely come back over and over.I'm giving this place five stars for the xiao long bao. Definitely the best I've had outside of china. 
Don't let it's under the bridge location and glass box look keep you from going in and trying the food. Otherwise, you will be missing out.This was the first Chinese restaurant that I tried on my trip to Philadelphia.  The area is pretty sketchy, but the food is great.  
We tried both soup dumplings(steamed and fried) and the scallion pancake.  The steamed dumpling great.  They were filled with tons of tasty soup and the meat is great.   The scallion pancakes were good as well.  The thing I was most excited for; however, were the fried soup dumplings.  Unfortunately the idea of them being friend and soups filled don't work out too well together.  Because they they're fried, the thicker dough ended up soaking up all of the liquid.
This place is tasty and cheap($14.10). The only down side is that they made us buy a soda in order to use our card.  They have a $15.00 minimum.Don't judge the place by what it looks like, the food here is very tasty! Also it's a sit down restaurant i.e. you don't pick your dishes off of carts. The xiao long bao are delicious and very soupy!I can't believe there is this little unpolished gem right in the middle of Philadelphia that I've walked by about 100 times and never stopped in because I judged it by its appearance (shame on me).  Not anymore, thanks to Sam and Elisha who showed us the light and taught us how to order and eat these perfect little soup dumplings that are pockets of joy.
Yes, be careful that you don't bite right into them because the smoking hot soup contained inside the dumpling will explode into your mouth and cook your palate.  Sam explained how we needed to open a hole and drink the soup on a spoon and then smother the dumpling with this amazing hot pepper oil that was so good I purchased a container full of the hot oil to take home (I also ate some the minute I got home).
We also had the scallion toast which was also very tasty  but was a little greasy but not enough to take away from the crispy little goodness it contained inside.  The steamed dumplings were good (I can't say I ever had great steamed dumplings but these were good).  
We also had another dumpling that I can't remember the name (Sam, help me out?), but that was also a very tasty dumpling.  Ahhh yes, thank you Sam, it was the Sui Mai Dumplings that I couldn't remember but my taste buds sure do and I really did like them.   But nothing compares to those soup dumplings with the hot pepper oil smothered all over it.  I was chowing down on that so feverously that Sam and Elisha had to stop and tell me I had soup and hot peppers dripping off of my chin and goatee (I know girls, hold yourselves back from all this sexiness that is me.  I know the grease dripping off the chin is a real turn on and almost compares to Jim's dribble).
The only reason I don't give it 5 stars is that I haven't had the full menu and I'm reserving stars just in case.  The appearance of the joint gets a zero, but that is part of its charm (it keeps all the touristy ass wipes out).  The soup dumplings get a 10 star from me.  I'll be a regular.
Oh yeah, I almost forgot to embarrass my girlfriend on this review but I just remembered that she went to the bathroom and overflowed the one and only toilet.  Now she says she didn't drop a deuce and just peed but it doesn't matter.  The person who overflows the toilet is still the culprit, especially since it happened BEFORE we got our food (thanks Lindsay).  As a result of the overflow everyone had to hold their pee until the next bar (which was a mad dash to the toilet..... like a pack of racehorses when we got there).  
Thank you Sam and Elisha for the new discovery.When a friend suggested meeting here for lunch, I was, admittedly, skeptical.  It's next to a bus depot.  It's in the middle of one of the depressing under-the-convention-center tunnels.  Its decor consists of whitish Formica-ish stuff illuminated by fluorescent lights.  But that friend knows good food, so, with some trepidation, I went.  And it was good.  Good enough that I've returned on my own and with other friends.  
I haven't tried everything -- far from it.  I tend to stick to the veggie options (tofu soup, veggie steamed buns).  And they're tasty -- either on their own, or with the addition of some hot sauce, containers of which are conveniently placed on every table.  Some people are huge fans of their soup dumplings, so try those if you like those kinds of things.  The only disappointment so far has been the scallion pancake -- too greasy (but yeah, I still ate it all).  Service is friendly and fast.  And the prices make this place a bargain.Overall, I can sum up with: good Dim Sum.  I haven't ordered anything off the menu, and that's not what they specialize in, but for dim sum I don't think you can find anything better in Philly.  The matuan (sesame-coated glutinous rice balls stuffed with red bean) were every bit as good as the ones I got most mornings in China, and the siu mai was top-notch.  Everything else we ordered was almost as good.
The staff was friendly enough, and willing to entertain my poor attempts at quizzing them about the contents of various dumplings in Cantonese.  They also understood my follow-up queries in Mandarin, and replied in either Mandarin or English to allow me to save some face.  Manager was both polite and tolerant of my chatting with him on the way out.
The atmosphere left something to be desired; though it was very "dim sum," it was a little on the drab side.  I've been in some truly palatial dim sum kitchens before, and this  didn't quite measure up.  The food, though, did.Best vegetarian steamed buns anyone has ever and will ever make in the history and future of vegetarian steamed buns.
Nice employees.
Freaking amazing.
Quick.Went there on a Sunday around noon. We had their soup dumplings, pan fried soup dumplings, har gow, triple stream dumplings, and turnip cake. My favorite was their pan fried soup dumplings, simply amazing. The service was fast, the price was cheap, and the food was great, what more can you ask?This place may lack decor, but it is on point with their staple dishes.
Shumai is not your typical -- sticky rice surprise! 
Scallion pancakes are nice and crisp. 
The handmade noodles are no joke here. You can taste just how fresh they are and the texture is just right. 
And that dumpling sauce is quite memorable..I don't know what they put in that tasty potion but it is G double O D--GOOD!Several weeks ago the Count and I along with a few friends went on the Free Tours by Foot Chinatown Food Tour. We walked through Philadelphia's small yet historic Chinatown stopping by at the best spots for quick eats. The tour ended with a sit down lunch at Dim Sum Garden. I have walked by this spot without bothering to look twice only because it is under the convention center overpass and I wrongfully must have assumed that it could not be good given it's dark location. Wrong! 
Now onto the actual dumplings: our tour guide knew a thing or two about dumplings and ordered a few  rounds for the table. I have never had a soup dumpling (xiao long bao) and found it to be such a treat. There  is an entire process to having a soup dumpling. You must gently place one in your spoon. Place a hole at the top to allow the hot steam to cool off and place the whole thing in your mouth without spilling the contents on the inside. Essentially it's soup wrapped up in dough served with their own special dumpling sauce. Okay. That was great. Whats next? Next was the Shanghai siu mai- sticky rice and minced pork dumplings. These were also a first for me and were a real treat. Sticky rice with small bits of pork all mixed with a delicious sauce and beautifully bundled up into a dumpling. We also had the prawn dumplings, pork and chive dumplings and many other varieties of dumplings. One was better than the next. Best part is you know its fresh and handmade as you can see through the back counter where all the action is happening. It's cheap dumpling at its best. Don't be put off by the neon lights and interior facade. This is a place where you can satisfy your dumpling cravings not to go people watching (unless you enjoy watching suffering panhandlers and other characters on 11th street).Just moved in around the corner - and will be here once a week - for sure!
Friendly service and even great for takeout!
Had the Steamed Pork Juice buns - amazingly good - almost life changing!
Also had the spring roll and the scallion pancake - the pancake with a sweet sauce for dipping that was awesome.  
And just for good measure - tried an order of General Tso's - even that was good!
I'm excited to get more steamed pork buns - as early as tomorrow!!!Shanghai Steamed Buns.  Try to say it out loud, without snickering.  Just try.  
Done laughing?  Good, now go order some from Dim Sum Garden.  For those of you who haven't had them before, here's the way to eat them.  Bite the top off, blow inside to cool the soup down, and then drop in some sauce (if you so desire).  Pop the dumpling into your mouth.  Chew.  Swallow.  Repeat.  Eventually, Nirvana will be reached.     
The other food is top notch as well, and I'd recommend ordering a side of some sort of veggie with the dumplings.The ladies that run this restaurant are awesome and have to deal with a lot of crap since its in the center of Chinatown right next to the bus stop.  I've ordered take out so many times that now they ask how I'm doing and where I've been.  
I always get the Xiao Long Bao (Pork Soup Dumplings) and the Shen Jian Bao (pan fried pork buns). They are my FAVORITE Shanghai dishes and Dim Sum Garden does a pretty good job providing me with the authentic taste.  What makes a good Pork Soup Dumplings is that the buns need to have tasty broth and thin skin.  Considering how fast the service is, I'm pretty satisfied.  If you want a twist, you can get the crab and Pork Soup dumplings, but its not as good as the original Pork Soup Dumplings.
I give 5 stars b/c the owners/waitresses are super sweet and provide amazing service, the prices are pretty fair, and they open pretty late when I have my Chinese food cravings.Plenty of selection for soups and other fare.  The juicy buns are pretty good but I found I did not love them as much as other yelpers - probably because I prefer a lighter broth.  Service was good to - this is the kind of place where you will be seated, served water and asked for your order within moments of walking through the door.  Good place for a quick lunch if you're in the area and don't need a lot of ambiance/scenic location.Since my first visit, I have been back to DSG many times, and it has yet to disappoint. I just wanted to share a few of my menu favorites: 
-chili cabbage pork noodles, dry (the noodles are house made and the sauce is tangy and savory). The noodles with brisket are also good and have a little bok choy in them. 
-obviously both pan fried and steamed pork juicy buns. The pan fried ones are huge. The steamed are the soup dumplings where you slurp the broth out. I don't think I've been a single time without ordering these two. 
-sauteed chinese broccoli with fresh garlic. this is inexpensive and shockingly flavorful. a great way to get some greens. 
-Moon cake. Its a savory appetizer meat pie thingy. yum. get it. 
-scallion pancake. Normally at chinese restaurants I scoff at scallion pancake and think its just deep fried bread...but this is different. its flaky and light, and yes fried, but just so good.The quest for the great Philly Xiolóngbao, also known as soup dumpling, or my night out with my buddy Jim:  First off, let me say that my friend Jim and I were poised for a huge let-down from this quest's first conception.  In fact, he christened it the GXLBD2010 - or, the Great XiaoLongBao Disappointment of 2010.  Our quest was to seek the soup dumpling in Philadelphia's China Town and to find a specimen worthy of our affection and loyalty.    We had low expectations as he had previously dabbled in the dark arts of Philly soup dumpling quests and we both felt like we had already had the best soup dumpling on offer in the region in Flushing, Queens at a magic spot known as Nan Xiang where the soup dumplings are made by the hands of angels (http://newyork.seriouseats.com/2009/02/best-soup-dumplings-nan-xiang-xiao-long-bao-flushing-nyc.html).  There had been some recent buzz around town, though, that Philly was now home to some spots offering some perfectly fine soup dumplings, so with doubt in our hearts and the memory of Nan Xiang driving us to find soup dumplings closer to home - we set out.   
It is important to explain what, in our opinion, a soup dumpling should be.  It should be a delicate little bag of soup compromised of savory pork (or pork and crab - depending on which kind you order), which is all swimming in delicious broth encased in a delicate dumpling wrapper.  The skin of the dumpling should not be too thick, but should be tough enough to contain the soup and meat.  The meat to soup ratio is important as you don't want a dumpling that is dry, nor do you want just broth and no meat.  The key is balance and you know when it is right.
We decided that we would sample every pork soup dumpling we knew to be on offer in China town.  We girded ourselves with a cocktail and set off to our first destination:  Dim Sum Garden.  We ordered the pork soup dumplings and a cucumber salad.  The place itself is more cheery inside than one might expect given its location under the Market East "overpass" next to a bus depot.  The décor was bright; all was clean and inviting.  The tea was good, which we took as a positive omen of things to come.  However, when the dumplings arrived, the wrappers were gummy and the insides had a bland pork meatball, not much broth, and some liquefied pork fat that we dubbed "meat goo."  We decided that these soup dumplings were not horrible, but nothing in comparison to those on offer in Flushing.  In addition, the cucumber salad had seeds in it and the salad was over-dressed in sesame oil and soy sauce.  The pieces were unevenly chopped too, which is something that does not affect flavor but does belie the care that the kitchen takes with its ingredients.  On a 1-10 scale - these dumplings got a score of 4.
See my review of Sang Kee (http://www.yelp.com/biz/sang-kee-peking-duck-house-philadelphia-2#hrid:6clxlgVLTR-HljLTZUeeag) - our second stop.
See my review for Sakura (http://www.yelp.com/bi...), which won by the way, for our last stop.A unique take on traditional Chinese dim sum, the dishes are larger so you won't get to sample the normal variety.  The juicy pork buns are challenging to eat make sure they cool down.  Priced well, two will eat like kings for $25.my worry is there are too much pork fat in the dumplings (all kinds). I am very wary of animal fat in general, although I know a little fat is required for the good taste.
Priced very reasonable.WARNING: DO NOT GO. TRY ANOTHER PLACE. BAD SERVICE, AWFUL FOOD(POSSIBLY RAW).
Came here another time. Asked for steamed pork buns, steamed crabmeat and pork buns, shrimp dumplings and marinated pork. In general, food sucks this time, as well as the service. I will never set foot in this crappy place again. 
Try to buy some frozen shrimp dumplings and steam them yourself, it'll still beat the hell of the ones in this place. I bet even if you grab some raw shrimp and wrap them in some cookie dough, and eat it directly, it still beats the ones here. As for the pork buns, well, it tasted a bit raw, and the center of the stuffing inside was still red like the center of a medium rare steak. I'm personally okay with undercooked meat, but this is pork, and it is not supposed to be raw in the bun! I had it anyway since I was starving. Now I regret I did since I'm feeling food poisoning now. 
The service sucked as well. I should have expected this yet once again they surprised me. It took about long enough waiting to be served, and then another 15mins waiting for the buns. The server only brought the crabmeat buns but not the pork buns in the beginning. After we've finished everything else, the pork buns was not ready. I asked the server and was told "right away". After 10 mins or so, it was finally brought to me. I can only assume they forgot the order at first. 
Finished dinner I asked for the check. Handwritten, of course. They wrote the prices for the four dishes, and a total. It appears the total is not the sum of the four dishes, so I thought I should ask. Then the b**ch at the counter just freaked out saying "the calculation is right". She showed me how it was done. Basically it was right: the total was after tax. Only if she put the tax on the receipt I would have known that, and every other restaurant I've been to will do so. And then she was like "this is America, of course it includes tax" with a condescending tone. WTF? I've been here for years and I suddenly don't know I'm in America now? 
I thought okay, whatever. I'm not going to argue, I'll just pay then, but she then said "I'll put the 15% tip in as well." And then she put in an amount and was about to swipe my card. HEY! I WAS GOING TO GIVE YOU 15% EVEN FOR THE AWFUL FOOD AND SERVICE, BUT YOU CANNOT JUST CHARGE ME THAT WITHOUT MY CONSENT! So I told her hell no, I'm not giving you 15% tip. Eventually I just wrote a big zero on the tip and gave them what they charged for food only - not that they earned it. And then the b**ch murmured something to other people like "they are poor". LOL. I can give 20% tip if I like the service and the food. But for this? And she even wants to charge me directly with food? I would have given negative tips if I could.
If you have reached here. I appreciate your patience. Take my advice: don't go to this place. B**ch and awful food ALERT.The Juicy Pork Buns are a must! The scallion pancake is the best I have EVER had. The only think holding me back from 5 stars is that they don't deliver on grubhub.  The place has no atmosphere- but who cares?  It's incredibly delicious!  The hand pulled noodles in soup with duck are amazing too!  The best part- it's very inexpensive!
They do deliver on Grubhub UberEats and Caviar now!What this place lacks in atmosphere, it makes up for in good food and reasonable prices.  We started with the Xiao Long Bao (soup dumplings), which had good soup and flavorful filling.  We also got the General Tso's Chicken which was tender and did not have too-thick breading although it could have used more broccoli in the dish.  And to get a few tasty nutrients in there we also ordered some Chinese Broccoli.  All around an enjoyable meal!If you want Shanghai broth (juice) buns (aka Xiao Long Bao), come here. Eat as many as you can. Dim Sum Garden is easily one of the least pretentious places in the city. Since it's house in a store front that's in a tunneled section between Filbert and Arch St., you could miss it without any problem. 
DSG is a testament to what great food does for your business.  In addition to the XLB try the duck gizzard, duck tongue, soups, and dumplings. Okay, duck tongue and gizzard are definitely not for everyone, and they give you plenty, but DSG is that good that you'll eat duck tongue and gizzard happily.  
My favorite feature of the restaurant is that you can look over the counter and watch the chefs making each bun and dumpling by hand.  It's an unbelievable skills that yields serious deliciousness.Best Shanghai style Dim Sum I've ever had outside of Shanghai.
Xiao Long Bao ( literally"little buns in a steamer" or as most people here call it, Soup Dumplings): excellent. Eat them while they are hot (as hot you can handle) because the soup inside the dumplings will gelatinize when allowed to cool. Bite into them carefully so the soup won't explode onto your dining companions, which could result in 1st degree burn, expensive dry cleaning and possible breakup. 
Fried pastry with shredded Daikon (a kind of radish, similar to Turnip) filling: I liken the pastry shell to Croissant for the similar flaky, rich texture (of course no butter is used in traditional Chinese pastry so no buttery taste). I had better pastry shell elsewhere but the Daikon filling here can't be beat: moist, savory and fresh tasting. It comes in an order of two. Our first order was great so we ordered a second, and they rushed it out. When it was brought to our server's attention that the 2nd order was undercooked, the kitchen promptly made another order for us as replacement. 
Pan fried pork bun: slightly over-cooked at the bottom but still very good. Some people may find the skin a little thick and doughy, but keep in mind that it's made from yeast dough unlike your normal dumpling skin ( hence the inaccuracy in calling them dumplings).
I shall return.SOUP DUMPLINGS!!!
Ok I must admit that I was unsure about this place.  Being next to the Chinatown Bus Station and the most disgusting Wawa in Philly made me not even think of trying it.
But I did at a friends recommendation...I'm so glad I did.  
Try the soup dumplings and cucumber salad.Good food at a great price! 
I came by for a quick dinner after going out for happy hour with some friends. We ordered tons of dumplings....seriously TONS. My favorite were the Shanghai Steamed Pork Juicy Buns ( pork and scallion ) and the soup dumplings.
My favorite entree we got blew my mind! We ordered it as a recommendation  that we took from our server: pork  with sauce noodle. Literally that is what it's called. We got it with mei fun noodles. The best way to describe it is like having an asian spaghetti with meat sauce that instead of tomato has a soy/hoison base. Cilantro was sprinkled all over the top. So. Good.
Some negatives...I didnt like the fried rice (how can you mess up fried rice?). Some of the dumplings weren't super special to me. 
So with the pros and cons...this place is A-OK to meI really really wanted to like this place. As a general rule, after a full day of traveling dives with cheap, delicious comfort food are usually where I tend to gravitate. Dim Sum Garden looked like it was possibly capable of fulfiling all three. 
The place is divey. Think fluorescent lighting, rickety furniture and drop ceilings. 
The food is cheap-ish. An order of soup dumplings (which are pretty good) will run  you about $7. An order of pan fried noodles with vegetables (meh) or maypo tofu (eh) will run  you about $6.50.  If you want bubble tea (I've made better, in my kitchen. Seriously) tack on another $3. 
The food isn't very delicous. Very salty and kind of greasy yes. I wouldn't say it was delicious though. The soup dumplings were good (To be honest, the name Dim Sum Garden is a bit of a misnomer. They actually have more dumplings than dim sum on the menu. But, I digress) but everything else was kind of meh. The noodles were overcooked and oversauced. The General Tso's chicken was a littly on the mushy side. AND we got charged $6.50 for a small plate of asparagus that we didn't order. 
I'd probably try one of the many other Chinese restaurants in the area before I ever go back to this place.I crave Dim Sum Garden soup dumplings weekly. And I eat them weekly. I've had a few other things (bok choy, spicy noodles with pork, weird mushroom shumai) but I always come here for dumplings and am never disappointed with them. It's a dive under the convention center, so the location and ambiance is severely lacking, but who cares when you can get tender, juicy, pork dumplings filled with perfectly-seasoned soup for $6? It's a fun place to go with friends, bring some wine, and chow for cheap. or take 'em home--they heat up great. My bf's a fan of the pork and crabmeat ones, so get one or get them both. You won't be disappointed.Four stars are specifically only for the steamed buns, which are really good, and the price, which is really cheap. Every other aspect of this place, from ambiance to basically all the other dishes they offer, is not good. But since you can have just the steamed buns, it's great.Their pork juicy buns are soooo good. Irresistible status. I always make sure I grab some whenever I'm in Chinatown. They're even open late!! Also, I don't like the pork/shrimp ones as much as the pork ones. And none of them taste as good cold as they do warm/hot.This is your typical Chinese restaurant in terms of decor. It's functional and plain. There are tables and chairs; that's all you need. The table and chopsticks are clean; that's all you need.
This was my first time having Shanghai-style dim sum, since Houston mainly has Hong Kong-style dim sum. I ordered the juicy buns, and they were DELICIOUS. The waitress sensed I was out of my element, so she nicely explained how to eat them (as explained in other reviews). The soup broth inside was phenomenal. 
I also ordered the siu mai, which is very different than what I am used to, but still tasty. The wonton wrapper on the siu mai could be less pasty or doughy if possible. The siu mai though is absolutely huge compared to the Hong Kong style.
My eight juicy buns, four pieces of siu mai, and two bottles of water were $11, an absolutely wonderful price, although credit cards require a minimum of $15. The service was very good too, unlike your typical Chinese restaurant. This is also convenient for those staying at the Hilton Garden Inn across the street. I will definitely come again!Very disappointed with this restaurant :-( The Yelp rating is 4 star! The noodles with soup, shrimp dumpling and soup dumpling are not that great. The egg roll is okay. The only thing that was great was the service. Sorry... but we'll go back to the restaurant along Race Street next time we visit Philly Chinatown again.Kinda in a sketchy area but when you try their delicious varieties of dumplings you will forget where you are. Came the first time with a friend after we read Craig Le Ban's review. He did not go wrong with this one. The soup dumplings are delicious and the Siu Mai is a bit different but love it.My favorite here are the shanghai steamed dumplings (soup dumplings).  Only place in Philly that I know has these and they are so heavenly and juicy and go well with a little chilli sauce and vinegar (ginger) sauce.
The noodle soups and fried dishes are decent.  There are a lot of dishes and specials that aren't on the menu that are pretty good.  My mandarin speaking friend was able to order us some good authentic chinese dishes, several that suprisingly for me I have never tried before.
I've been here several times and always found the service to be good.  All the ladies are nice.